A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno vicesimo tertio

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the Third Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

---

Cap. 1. To permit the importation of wheat, wheat flour, X rye, rye flour barley, and all sorts of corn, grain, and meal, upon payment of the low duties therein mentioned, for a limited time.

Cap. 2. To continue an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act tpore effectudlly to prevent his Majesty's enemies from being supplied with Ships or vessels from Great Britain.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thou hnd seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 5. For continuing an act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for uftreining sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring, ffyuire> from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for if Levering their estates and tffists, and preventing the transporting r alienating the same.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 6. To continue several laws, relating to life regulating the fees of officers of the customs and naval officers in America \ to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America;

to the permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the tvefi India; arid*1to the repealing the duties upon pot and ptofl ashes, wood and weed aimported into Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 7. For the regulation rif his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 8. For continuing several acts passed for thehetter regulate on of lastage and ballaltege in the river Thames.

Cap. 9. For allowing the importation of rice, paddy, Indian corn, Indian meal, and maize, free from duty, for 1a licfited tim.

Cap. 10. For further continuing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown silk in any ships or vejjehjfor a limited time.

Cap. 11. To amend art act, made in thte twenty*fourth year Of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectual securing the duties upon tobacco; to prohibit the importation of currants into Great Britain in small packages; to repeal such part of the proviso in an' act of the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits Portugal and spanish wines, and other wines, (except French wines) to be imported in small casks for private use; and for taking off the inland duty payable upon the importation of coconuts into this kingdom, upon the exportation thereof as merchandise.

Cap. 12. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 13. For more effectually draining and preserving certain lafnds and ground within the level of Hatfield Chase and parts afffacerit, in the counties of Fork, Lincoln and Nottingham.

Cap. 14. For allowing the importation of goods from Europe in neutral ships into the islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Mcntferrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines; and of goods the produce or manufacture of the said islands and of Tobago and Saint Lucia from thence into this kingdom, in such ships, upon payment of the British plantation duties, for a limited time; for permitting certain goods, the produce of those islands, secured in warehouses in this kingdom, to he taken out, on payment of the British plantation duties, and to cancel certain bonds entered into for payment of the duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary acts for the encouragement of trade; and to repeal an act, made in the twenty second year of his Majesty's reign, for allowing the importation of goods the growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montferrar,: into any of his Ittajejlys dominions in Europe r America.

A tafcle of the STATUTES.

Cap. 15. For rendering more effectual the provisions con tiined in an at of the thirteenth year of King George the First t preventing frauds and abuses in 'the dying trade.

Cap. 16. for authorising the treasurer of he ndvy td pay to kegarrifon and naval department at Gibraltar, the like bounty

defraying certain Spanish ships of war, as is allowed td: i officers and men on board any of his Majesty's ships t war taking or destroying ships of war belonging to the nemy.

Cap. 17. For pcmubing mutiny and desertion; and for the etter payment of she army and their quarters.

Cap. 18. For rendering the payment of creditors more equal ad expeditious, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and or making perpetual so much of an act, made in the twelfth ear of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to bills and pro Biffory notes.

Cap. 19. For repealing an act, made in the last session of parlament, for compelling John Whitehill esquire to return into this ingdwn, and for other purposes; and for veftitig in the said Ms ivtitebtil his estate and effects forfeited in consequence of He hid aft; and for restraining him from going out of this mgdom for a limited time; and for discovering his estate and ffeds, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

Cap. 26. For building a new hire nail and guildhall for thd santy of Salop, and the town of Shrowfhtry, in the said county } iod for the other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 2r. For granting a bounty upon the exportation ot British and Irish buckrams and tillettings, Briujb and Irish liens, British calicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen; printed, painted, stained or dyed, in Great Britain.

Cap. 2a. For allowing further time for inroilment of deed nd wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant pur halers

Cap. 23. To prevent prisoners in the King's Bench prison, oath rales thereof, or their families or servants, gaining settle rats in the parirti of Saint George the Martyr, in the borough

&artbwarki ind county of Surrey; and for the relief of the lidparish, with respect to the families of prisoners in the said[: [: Bench, or the Marshalsea prison, or in the county goal rboafe of cofre&ion belonging to the said county; for plating the manner of chufingoverseers of the poor $ and

appointing collectors of the poor's rates, within the said arish.

Cap. 24. for continuing an act, made in this session of parent, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and V the better payment of the army and their quarters: so far as the mt relates to the realm of Great Britain.

Cap. 25. To enable the corporation of the governor, bailiffs rd commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great itwlof ihe fens, to sell their taxes of certain lands within thi addle and Couth levels, part of the said Great Uvel, which a a have

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

have been or may be dug for turf; and to apply the money arising from such sale, towards discharging the bond debts of tfr said corporation upon account of those levels.

Cap. 26. To repeal so much of two alts, made in the six teenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty as prohibits trade and intercourse with the united dates d America.

Cap. 27. To ascertain and establish the boundaries of between the hospital of Bridewell and the Precinct thereunto bd longing, and the parish of Saint Ann Black Friars, in the city^London, as therein specified.

Cap. 28. Sat removing and preventing all doubts whi< have arisen, or might arise, concerning the exclusive rights the parliament and courts of Ireland, in matters of legislati< and judicature; and for preventing any writ of error or app from any of his Majesty's courts in that kingdom from beinj received, heard, and aajudged, in any of his Majesty's courts a the kingdom of Great Britain.

Cap. 29. For rendering effectual an act, made in the fid teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the belli relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Foreboe, i the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 30. To indemnify such persons as have omitted quality themselves for offices and employments; and to indeco. nify justices of the pe^ce, or others, who have omitted to rc gister or deliver in their qualifications within the time limit by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and [ indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, ar borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to damped according to law, or, having been damped, have lost or mistaid; and for allowing them time to provide a millions duly damped; and to give further time to such fons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the executid of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

Cap. 31. For better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watcl ing, the streets, lanes, yards, courts, alleys', and passages, with the parish of Saint Mary, at Rotherhithe otherwise Redriffe, the county of Surrey, and for removing and preventing nuifal ces and annoyances therein.

Cap. 32. For amending an act made in the last session for the better relief and employment of the poor oft parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlefei and for providing a proper workhouse and burial ground for the 1 of, the said parish; and for opening certain communications, a making certain streets, within the said parish. j

Cap. 33. To amend and render more effectual several a passed in the sixth, tenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth years of t reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable canal in the Trent to the Mersey 5 and a branch from the aid canal to Fro] hall, and a railway Jrotn thence to or near Caldon, in the couti of Stafford.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 34. For removing certain disabilities and incapacities, occasioned by the attainder of David Ogilvy of Airly esquire.

Cap. 35. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

Cap. 36. To discharge and indemnify the united company if merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from act btnages, interest, and Losses, in respea to their not making re plar payment of certain sums due, and to become due, to the nbiick, and to allow further time for such payment; and to ruble the company to borrow a certain sum of money; and 0 make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the providers at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty bree.

Cap. 37. To repeal an act, made in the twentieth year of he reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to continue, for \ limited Time, so much of an act, made in the last session of par ment, ufor tbt more easy and better recruiting his Majestfs*lend forces and marinesas relates to the encouragement of volun ten.

Cap. 38. For making and maintaining a navigable canal rom the river Thames or Ifss at or near Leachlade, to join and communicate with the Stroudwater canal at Wallbridge, near the own of Stroud; and also a collateral cut from the said canal at r near Siddington, to or near the town of Cirencester, in the ttmties of gkucejur and Wilts.

Cap. 39. For preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America; m.d. to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers fcr the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fub itdsofhis Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the said United states.

Cap. 40. For defraying the charge of the pay of the militia, ind of the doathing for the sergeants and drummers of the mi btia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of m^trcb, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 41. For impowering persons navigating vessels upon the river Trent, between a place called Widen Ferry, in the counties if Derby and Leicester, or one of them, and the town of Burton yen Trent, in the county of Stafford, to hale the same with Wes.

Cap. 42. For better paving, cleansing and lighting the parish tf Soint Paul Covent Garden, within the liberty of Westminster, 2nd certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein. rw

Cap. 43. For better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the parish of Saint Anne, and such part of Cock Lane as lies in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberty of West mtfer, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 44. For amending, and rendering more effectual, an at

a $ k xnado

A TABLE OF the STATUTES.

p made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for building a workhouse, and for the better rely) find employment of the poor within the parish of Saint James clerk enwell in the county fl/' Middlesex.

Cap. 45..for regulating the proceedings of the court of justiciary, and circuit courts, in Scotland.

Cap. 46. For widening the northwest end of Fenchurchfrut, and the south end of the Old Jewry, within the city of London.

Cap. 47. For altering and varying the powers of an a, passed in the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, for making the river Douglas alias Astand, navigable % from /aj

rive Ribble to Wigan, in the county of Palatine^Lane after; and for enabling the company of proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool canal, incorporated by an passed in the tenth year ol his present Majesty's reign, to purchase the said river navigation; for amending the said last mentioned al; for incorporating and consolidating the said two navigations; and for othec purposes' '

Cap. 48. For improving the navigation of the river Trent from a place called ivilden Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the coohty o Lincoln; and for impowering persons navigating vessels thexeoq to hale the same with horse.

Cap. 49. For repealing an act made in the twenty second year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for charging a f amp duty'upon inland bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other poles, payable otherwise than upon demand \ and for granting new stamp duties on bills of exchange, promissory and otb^r notesj and also lamp duties on receipts.

Cap. 50. For the better regulation of the office of the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces, and the more regular payment of the army; and to repeal an act made in the ia(t feuion of parliament, intituled An act for the better regulation oj\ the office of paymaster general of his Majests forces.

Cap. 51. To repeal an at, made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for further puniftmmt oj Vagabonds calling themselves Egyptians.

Cap. 52. For pvmishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, within the realm of Great Britain,

Cap. 53. To enable the of of supply of the several counties therein mentioned, in that part of Great Britain passed Scotland, to assess and levy certain sums for relieving such of the inhabitants of the said counties as have been reduced to indigence by the failure of the last year's crop of corn; and to enable his Majesty, during the next recess of parliament, by and with the advice of his privy council, to permit the importation of corn into the said counties for a limited time, and in ships or vessels belonging to any state in amity with his Majesty, navigated by foreign seamen'

Cap. 54. For providing a proper workhouse, within the parish of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, and for better regulating the poor within the said parish.

Cap. 55. For building a new goal for the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull \ for purchasing an additional banal ground for the use of the parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said town; for regulating the fares of hackney coachmen, chairmen, andporrers, and the prices of carriage of goods; for altering the time of lighting lamps; for ascertaining the breadth of parry wall's; and for preventing certain nuisances within the fain town, liberties, and precincts thereof; for amending an act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his pre fern Majesty, for making and establishing public quays or wharves at Kingston upon Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built opposite to certain ftaiths in the said act described; and for other purposes.

Cap. 56. To allow the drawback of the whole duty of costoms upon the exportation of rice.

Cap. 53. For the say of prize goods secured in warehouses in this kingdom, for which the duties re not paid, or the goods exported, within a limited time.

Cap. 58: For granting to his Majesty several additional and new duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and also for repealing certain exemptions from the stamp dufies* '

Cap. 59. To provide that the proceedings on the bill, now depending in parliament, for inflicting certain pains and penalties to sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring esquire, for certain breaches of public trust, and high crimes and misdemeanours committed by them xuhilfl they respectively held the offices of governor and presidenty counsellors, and members of the feh ft committee of the settlement of Yon Saint George, on the coajl Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any prorogation or difiblution of parliament.

Cap. 60. For further continuing To much of an act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for refraining sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring esquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for diferoering their estates and effect, presenting the transporting or alienating the same, as relates to restraining the said sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Pettr Perring esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real estates.

Cap. 61. For vesting in Henry earl of Pembroke, his heirs and assigns, for ever, the ree simple and inheritance of the hundred of Kynwardston, and certain lands aryl hereditaments in the parishes of Great Bedwyn and Burbagey in the county of Wilts; and for settling other lands and hereditaments in lieu thereof to the same uses.

Cap. 62. For granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on licences to be taken out by certain persons uttering or vending medicines; and certain stamp duties on all medicines sold under

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

such licences, or under the authority of his Majesty's letters patent.

Cap. 63. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon stage coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned.

Cap. 64. For taking away from the commissioners of excise England and Scotland, the power of compounding with persons making malt not to sell, but to be consumed in their own .< private families.

Cap. 65 For repealing an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, can act for vtjling 4< the sort of Senegal, and its dependencies, in the company of mtr chants trading to Africa; " and to veji as well the said fort and its dependencies, as all other the British forts and settlements upon the coajl of Africa, lying between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the property, estate, and effects of the company of merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said forts, settlements, and their dependencies, in his Majesty; and for Jeeuring, extending, and improving the trade to Africa; and for vesting fames Sort, in the river Gambia, and its dependencies, and all j other the British forts and settlements between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the company of merchants trading to Africa, and for securing and regulating the trade to Africa.

Cap. 66. For granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon wagons, wains, carts, and other such carriages, not charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excise.

Cap. 67. For granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on the registry of burials, marriages, births, and christenings.

Cap. 68. For appointing and enabling of further to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom.

Cap. 69. To enable the adjutant general of his Majesty forces, and the comptrollers of army accounts, to send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage.

Cap. 70. For the more effectual preventing the illegal importation of foreign spirits, and for putting a stop to the private distillation of British made spirituous liquors; for explaining such part of the act, imposing a duty upon male servants, as relates to the right of appeal from the justices of the peace; to amend and rectify a mistake in an act of the last session of parliament, with reipedf to the removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious actions against officers of excise acting in pursuance of the authority given by excise Statutes.

Cap. 71. For making compensation to the proprietors of cer r tain messuages, isnds, tenements, and hereditaments, in pursuance of an act made in the last session of parliament, to veji certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his Majests docks, hips, and floret, at Portsmouth and Chatham.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 72. For raising a further fuqa of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 73. For the more easy and speedy recovery of ftnall debts within the town and liberties of Shrewsbury> in the county of Salop.

Cap. 74. For altering the duties and drawbacks upon plain muhins, unrated muslins and calicoes, and nanquin clothes.

Cap. 75. For repealing to much of an act made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, as took off the duties payable upon the importation of that tpecies of blue called Smahs and for granting relief to the owners or proprietors of tobacco, of the growth of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, Which shall not be worth the duties imposed thpeon by an act of the last session of parliament.

Cap. 76. For the better preventing frauds in the landing and removing of wines in this kingdom; and to prevent the relanding of refined sugar entered for exportation, to obtain the drawback or bounty.,

Cap. 77. For the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain.

Cap. 78. For granting to his Majesty a certain urn of money put of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three 5 apd for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 79. For the further encouraging the growth of coffee and coconuts in his majeso's wands and plantations in America.

Cap. 80. For appointing commissioners to inquire into the losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties and prosessions, during the late unhappy dif* feqtions ip America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

Cap. 81. For preventing the exportation of corn, grain, or meal, with a bounty, during the operation of two as, palfe4 in this present session of parliament, for allowing the importation of com.

Cap. 82. For establishing certain regulations in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer.

Cap. 83. For granting relief to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by allowing further time for the payment of certain sums due, and to become due to the public, and by advancing to the said company, oq the terms therein mentioned, a certain sum of money to be raised by loans or exchequer bills; and to enable the said, company to make a dividend of four pounds per centum; to the proprietors at Christmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and to regulate the future payment of debentures of drawbacks on Ban India goods,

Cap. 84.

A TAB Lfe of the STATUTES'.

'To enable his Majesty to raise a further sum of money

by ioaiu or mrehequer bi11s, to pay off and discharge the debts due and owing on the civil list.

J cp ifor fttding and securing a certain annuity for the ttb of the sight honourable sir George Augustus Eliott, knight of the most honourable order of the Bath, in consideratttm of the cfrlfacittdbrvicea performed by hitn to his Majesty and this country.

Cap. 86. For settling and securing a certain annuity on Qoorjge lord Rodney, and the two next persons to whomr the barony of Rodney shall defeend, in consideration of the eminent ferviets performed by the said George lord Rodney to his Majesty and the puwick.

Cap. 87. For vetting certain mdffuages, lands, tenements, and, hereditaments, in trustees, for the Anther securing his ma }efty^8 docks, ships, and stores, at Portsmouth; J arfd for the more safe and convenient carrying 6n of his Majesty's gunpowder werks and mills, near the towft tsf'pathe/bam*

Cap. 88. To extend the provisions of an act, (intituled An act t amend and make more effectuatftt'hws refating to rogztes, vagabonds, and other idle and Aifbrderfy persons, and to houses of tornftibny to certain cases not therein mentioned.

Cap. For better paving, deanfin£r and fighting, the parish of Satnt chmentddnes, in the county ofafiddlesex, and certain pfaees adjoining thereto; and for retpoving and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein. 1

Cap. 90. For better paving, cfeanfing, and lighting, the parish Saint Martin in the Fields, \m|bm the liberty df'w'tfbninjtcr, and certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 91. For paving and regulating Church lane, in and near the parities of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and Saint George in the comty of Miidksex; and several other streets, avenues, and places, within the fartse parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and preventing annoyance therein; and for enabling the inhabitants of the fefd pariffr of Saint Mary Whitechapel, to raise money to defray the expenses incurred m repairing the parish church.

Cap. 92. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from a place near Rider's Green, in the county of Stafford, td Broadwater fivoerigine, and six collateral cuts from the same, to several Was mines? anttaifo a navigable canal from or near the ttfwn of Birmingham to jofty the Coventry canal at or near Faze. tef, in the parnh of Tamworth, in the said county of Stafford, with a cdllateraf cut to the tower part of the said town of bir mingham.

Cap. 93. t<r enlarge the term and powers of an act, parted fntbrfeeond year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening; altering, 'and keeping hr repair, the road from the south end of Spatyows Herne on Buftiy Heath, through the market

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

towns of "Watford, Berkhampsted, Saint peter's, and Tring, in the county of Hertford, by Petti pher'sekos, to tbs turnpike road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the county of Bucks.

Cap. 94. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of several acts of parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibfey, to Halifax, and also the roads called Bowling lane and Little Horton lane, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 95. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, made in the fourteenth and twenty sixth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the south side of Tadcaster Cross; also from Ferrybridge to Wctherby, 'and from theme to Boroughbridge, fa the county of York j so far as the same relate to the road between Ferrybridge and fvetberby, and from thence to borough bridge.

Cap. 96. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in thefirst year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An affor repairing and widening the roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a sir earn of water called Ford, to Cartgate in Martock, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 97. For continuing and amending two acts, of the ninth and twenty seventh years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Saint dunstan's Cross, near the city Canterbury, to the water fifie at Whitstable, in the county of

Cap. 98. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act o? the feeond year of his present ma jpfry, for amending, widening, and beeping in repair, several roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Cross Houses, Glazeley, and tie turnpike gate on Abberley Hill, in the counties of Salop gad W orcester.

Cap. 99. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made

in the feeond year of his present Majesty reign, for repairing, Widening) and altering the road from Sandon, in the county of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the county a/chester; and from Hilr derftone to Draycott in the Moors ani from Wctley Rocks to Tean, in the said county of Stafford \

Cap. 100. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of the third year of his present majesty, r repairing the roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading and from the said bridge to Henley Bridge, in the county of Berk

Cap. 101. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers of ao ad, made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Lawton, in the corny of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle. under Lime, in, the founty of Stafford, and other roods, therein mentioned.

Cap. 102. for enlarging the term and powers of ao a au4e

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for makings widening, and repairing a road from the north eoft side of the Goswell Street Road next Islington, in the county of Middlesex, and near to the road called The New Road over the field and grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite to The Doghouse Bar, and at and from The Doghouse Bar to the end of Chiswell street, by The Artillery Ground.

Cap. 103. For repairing and widening the roads leading from Wetberby to Knaresborough, in the county of York.

Cap. 104. For amending and widening the road from the passage or ferry over the river Severn ?t Newnham, in the county of Gloucester, through the parishes of Newnham and Little Dean, to a place called Saint White's, adjoining his Majesty's forest of Dean, in the said county.

Cap. 105. For continuing and amending an act of the third year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Stafford to Sandop, in the county of Stafford, and several other roads in the counties of Salop and Stafford:

Cap. 106. For completing and keeping in repair the road* from the Rartt inn, in the town of Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester, through the town of Tilbury, to Oldfield, otherwise Woefield Comer, near the sixteenth mile (tone in the Bath road, and a road from thence through the parishes of Cold ashton and Szaanswick, to or near Lambridgt in the parish of Bath Easton, near the city of Bath; and for continuing the present road from the fam corner to orjiear the monument upon Lansdown, until the intended road from the said corner to or near Lambridge be made fit for travelling.

Cap. 107. To revive and render more effectual an ak passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Markfield Turnpike, in the county v/'leicester, over Charley otherwise Chamwood Forest, through the town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the road leading from the town of Loughborough, to the town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said county, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a place called Snape Gate.

Cap. 108. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An ft for widening, repairing, and amending the road from Helket, by Yewes Bridge, to cocker mouth 5 and from thence, why Lor tonne, over Whinlatter, to kef wick, in the county {/'cumberland*and from Keswick, by dum mail Rays and Ambleside, to Kirby in Kendall, in the county of Westmoreland; and from plumbgarth's Cross, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the lake called Windermere, in the county of Westmoreland; and from Keswick aforesaid, to the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland.

Cap. 109. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, paffi* ed in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, for altering, widening, and amending the road from tot north gate of the city of

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Winchester, ever Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and aether places, to Newtown River; and also the road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the prefint turn pike road at Andover, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 110. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the seventh year of King George the First, and the eighth year of King George the Second, for repairing the read from Saint giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road; and also of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of King George the Second, to enable the respective trustees of the turnpike roads leading to Highgate Gate House and hampstead, and from Saint giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new road from the great northern road at Islington to the Edgeware road near Paddington; so far as the same is by the said act directed to be under the management of the trustees of the said two first mentioned acts.

Cap. 111. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts made in the second and twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the highways between Sheppards Shord and Horflcy Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the county of Wilts, and other ruinous parts of the highways thereunto adjacent.

PRIVATE ACTS.

I. AN act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, waste, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Turvey, in the county of Bedford

2. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields within though township of Barnard Castle, in the county of Durham.

3. An act for inclosing Dunnington Heath, within the manor of Priors Salford) in the county of Warwick.

4. An act for dividing and enclosing several open fields, and a parcel of meadow ground, within the township of North Deighton, in the county of York.

5. An act for dividing and allotting in several ty the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common pastures, and commonable places, within the parish of Heytesbury, in the county of Wilts.

6. An act for naturalising John Daniel Frederick Ruete.

7. An act for naturalising David Emanuel Fafnackt.

8. An act for naturalising Ephraim Rinhold Seehl.

9. An act for naturalising Stephen Gideon Renaud and John Francis Daniel Renaud.

10. An act to amend an act, passed in the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An q for enclosing and leasing a piece of wajle land called The Marsh, within the parish and borough Newcastle under Lime, in the county of Stafford;

and

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

applying tie profits thereof in aid of the poor's rates of the sail ptrtfb and borough.

11. An act for naturalising David Piffard.

12. An act. for veiling the manor, or reputed manor, of vint tiers otherwise Winters, the mansion hptrfe, and certain lands and hereditaments, in the county r Kent, being part of the settled estates of the right honourable Robert lord Onglty, of the kingdom of Ireland, in trustees, to be sold { and for laying out the moneys anting by such sale in the purchase of other messuages, lands, and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like tries.

13. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of several pieces or paroels of land m or near the parish of peter flamy formerly part of the park there, called Richmond Park, or New pariyaa the county of to Thomas Pitt esquire, and his heirs, for a full and valuable consideration.

14. An act for enabling William Pulteney efiquire, to grant leases of certain estates in the county of Middlesex and city of London.

15. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and commonable lands, within the manor and township of Stanford, in the county of Berks.

16. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the several town fields, commons, moors, and waste grounds, and dinted land, within the manors of Henjbaiv and Melkeridge, in the parish of haltwbijlkj in the county of Northumberland.

17. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common

fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in Roofs in Holdemefsy in the ead riding of the county of York.

18. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and commonable places, in the parish of Burton haflnigsy in the county of Warwick.

19. An act for dividing, enclosing, and improving a certain common, or waste ground, within the parlfhof Staunton upon Wyty in the county of Hereford, and for extinguishing the right of common upon certain mclosed lands within the said parish.

20. An act to diflblvc the marriage of John williamsy of the

city of Exeter, gentleman, with Elizabeth his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein men«i tioned.

21. An act to enable Richard Newman Harding esquire, 2nd his did and other Tonnes, and the heirs male of their bodies, to take, use, and bear the surname and arms of Newmany pursuant to the will of Richard Newman esquire, deceased.

22. An act to diflolv^ the marriage of John Hankcy esquire, with Elizabeth Thomfony his now wife, and to enable bhn to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned

23. An act For naturalising John Urban Reybaz and Alexander Aubert.

24. An act for naturalising John James Tourneifen.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

25. An aififof dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable land, within the parish of chur4b, jufiri, in die eotinty of

26. An 2d to enable John tfrowne esquire, and Jris issue male,

to take and use the surname of Selby, p^ffuanf, to the will of William Silty esquire deceased

27. An act for naturalising christum Henrich Rusher.

28. An act for iotpowering Nigel Bowyer Grejley esquire, td lease part of his settled ettiues in Staffordjbirt, pursuant to aa agreement entered into with George Parker, and others, iron matters; and also to grant leases of lands and mines within the same ettates.

30. An act to enable Charles duke of Norfolk, and others, to grant building or repairing leases of certain tenements, houses and grounds, in the parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the county of Middlesex, and in or near the town of afun4a, in the county of Sussex.

30. An act for carrying into execution an agreement between the dean and chapter of Saint paufs, London, and the college o doctors of law exercent in the ecclesiastical and admiralty courts, for vetting certain tenements in the city of London called Debtors Commons, held by the said college under the said dean and chapter by leases for years in the said college in see Ample, and retrying the reout a certain yearly relit to the said cfean and chapter, and their successors, for ever.

31. An act to enable sir William Abiy baronet, to grant leases of his estate at Horsey Down, in the county of Surrey.

32. An act for vesting such parts of the real ettates of Jamts Templer esquire, deceased, as lie in the counties of Hants, svius, and Dorset, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the uses and for the purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for vesting part of the settled ettates of John Luther esquire, in the county of Southampton, in the said John Luther in fee simple, and for settling an eftxte, of greater value in lieu thereof.

34. An act to vest in trustees, and their heirs certain ettates of John Hanbury Williams esquire, situate in the county of Monmouth, in order to be sold, and the purchase money applied upon the trutts and for the purposes in the said act mentioned.

35. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields in the manor and parish of Kingsombourn, in the county of Southampton.

36. An act for dividing and allotting the open common fields, common meadows, open common downs, waste lands, and commonable places, within the several parishes of Odfiock, ho mingten, West Harnham, and Netherhampton, and certain open lands lying at the east end of the said parish of Homington, in the county of Wilts.

37. An act for dividing and enclosing several open, common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons and waste

A tafcle of the STATUTES.'

grounds, within the manor and parish of Boilftoniy in the County of Derby.

38. An act.alt for the better ordering and regulating the manner of feeding; using, cultivating, and enjoying several commonable and waste grounds, lying in Chatteris* in the isle of Ely in the county of Cambridge, and for obliging the occupiers of certain parts of the fat'd grounds to fence the same.

39. An act to establish an agreement for extinguishing the nght of common upon certain waste grounds, and for enfran chifing certain customary estates, within the manor of Johnby, in the county of Cumberland.

40. An act to dissolve the marriage of Andrew Bdyntun esquire, with lady Maria Coventry, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

41. An act for naturalising lfaat Lewis miol

42. An act for naturalising Margaretta Phillipina Wale and Mary Pemberton.

43. An act for confirming, establishing, and making effectual, the enclosure of the open and common fields, commonable land, cow pasture, heath, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Hartwell in the county of Oxford.

44. An act to effectuate a partition or division of certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Wilts, heretofore the estates of Jonathan Power esquire, deceased.

The End of the TABLE.

THE

Statutes at large,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. Regis.

Being the THIRD Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XXXIV PART II.

Jf

4

STATUTES at Large, Me.

T; ji, T mi. w m

dton*)regritx3eor gii HI. Regis, me ffiritannice, Franci, & Hibernia, vicesimo tertio.

4t tie parliament begun and held at Westminder, the thirty first day of October, ni 1780, in the tioenty first year of the reign of qur sovereign lord GEORGE 'third, by tat grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C And from thence continued, by federal prorogations, to the fifth day December, 1782} being the third session of ikf fifteenth parliament ef Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to permit the importation of wheat, wheat flour, rye rye flour, barley, and all font of corn, grain, and meal, upon payment of rfle loir Autfeotherein mentioned, for a limited time.

af^vgg0* itwm*. recited. pronvdec. 5, 17s*, wheat, wheat flour, rjfe, rye flour, barley, and all sorts of corni grain, and meal from any country or place whatsotever, may be imported in British or ifcutral tefleis, upon payment of the duties mentioned in the recited and alto the ho additional 5 percents, on those duties. Corn, C imported before he passing of this act, and warehoused, may be taken opt, con payment of the duties. This act to continue as to England, till Aug. ay, i'ijrtj. apd as to Scotland, till Sept.5, following.

CAP. II.

An act to continue an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act more effectually to prevent his majesty's enemies fron^ being supplied with ships or vessels from Great Britain.

Act s go. 3, cap. 71, recited, which is continued dating tlje present hoftshcks,

204 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3, 4. [1783.

CAP. III.

Ao a for rudi an aid to hit ma)sftjr by a land tat, to bariri&d ia Great Britain, for the ferrice of the year one thousand fern kaadrad and eighty three. — «, 037, 627l. 9a. J to be raised in Great bri tpi«a whereof 1, 989*6731. 7*. and i in England and Wafcv p*47*944l. vt.td. in Scorlafld at 4s. in the pound. — Loan oa Eg:

chequer'biiu at4!: lot. per' cent.

CAP. IV.

An act for condoning awthyanting to Me Majesty certain duties npea malt, mum, cyder, and Perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

daub, in an x'xtl yfad whertas by mode in sixth year tf ms

a 6 gto.j, Majtfifs rtign, (entitled, An act for repmling the duties grant

C 4. see. 7. d upon cyder and perry by an act made in the third year of noted. his present majesty's reign; and for granting other duties on cyder and perry in lieu thereof; and for more effectually secur ipg the duties on cyder and perry imposed by foveral former aids)) duty after the rate ef jbibngs and eight pence per beg/bead watt from and after tie fifth day tf jirfy.ew fe.

hundred and sixty six, laid upon all tyder and perry he made in Great Britain, and sent or to any sass or, tr

agent who Should reteive the same to fed or dispose of to he paid by suck foffer or agent: and whereas by the find assit wot. That if any sass or or agent during the continuance

of the said sixth year of his rtign, for continuing

'ing to his Majesty certain d upon, mum, cyder, and perry, "for the fervitt' of the year one thousand seven hundred and be charged with and pay the duty of four per upon any quantity of cyder or perry thereby granted, and chargeable upon him or her as receiver thereof., or agent, for every

hogjbtad of such tyder or perry ft charged, discharged of four billings, port of the said sixteen and; and it ms

thereby declared, That cyder or perry made in Great Britain in no cafewbalfttvtr Should be chargeable with mere than fixtten jbilsngs and eight pence per bog/bead: therefore, to prevent any danbts tr difficulties with rt/ptff to the charging tr payment of the duties hereby continued or granted, and to fteure the cyder and perry, in the fion tf futh faffors and agents, from being liable to Where the than tyder er perry which shall be received or jifpejed tf by other per duty granted fens will be subjtffto, be it enacted and declared tithe audio cvdw'or Der 5*1 aforesaid» That in case any cyder or perry shall be received ry7 in cuttodynto the custody or possession of any fiwftor or went, for which ta fastosr' it shall appear, by a certificate, under the band of the proper shall be certu officer of excise, that the duty continued or granted by this act been chased ave ^cen charged for such cyder or perry, such factor or the fadormau a6ent shall, for every hogshead of such cyder or perry so chaig* t discharged ea, (land discharged of four Shillings, part of the said duttof thereof. sixteen Shillings and eight pence: and that cyder and perry wu.

i.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6. to

stot, in any case or cases whatsoever, be charged or chargeable with any higher or larger doty or duties in the whole (including the duty continued or granted by this act) than after the rate of tixteen Shillings and eight*pence per hogshead, for or on account of the same being in the custody or potte/fion of all or any of the persons liable to pay any duty or duties in respect thereof.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Competitions authority aforesaid, That so much of this act, or any other act for malt made thereby refetred unto, as relates to the allowing the making of ff competitions for the duties on malt, not made foe fate but for private use only, maybe repealed, altered, or varied, by any act or acts to be paged in this present session of parliament.

CAP. V

An act for cootifurm an act passed in the twenty second y«ar of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for retraining sir Thomas Ruin bold baronet, and Peter Perring esquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering their estates and eseert, and presenting the transporting or alienating the same. —

Continued during the present session of parliament, but may be altered.

CAP. VI.

joeste continut ftvtral laws, rslating to the regulating the fees of tffictrs of the customsand naval officers in America; to the*tug the exportation of tertain quantities of, other tles, to his Majestfs sugar colonies in America; to though permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British

sugar colonicfor plantations in the West Indies; and to the

ing the duties upon pot and pearl q/bes, woo and,

ed into Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the laws herein of, ter mentioned have, by

rieuee, been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring', my it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted: ind be it enacted by the King'* most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That to much of an act, made in the so much of tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relate to the 10 Geo. 3. regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in America, and "P 17. for extend ing the same to the naval officers there, which was to he in force from the first day of August, one thousand seven a Mates to'hundred and seventy, for the term of two years, and from thence regulating the te the end of the then next session of parliament; and which was, by three acts, made in the twelfth, fourteenth, and nine ttenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, further continu Amariea, aduatil the firfk day of August, one thousand seven hundred and tabty two, and from thence to the end of the then next session efpvltammtj lall be, and the same iy hereby farther conti

to 6

further continued until Aug. 1, 1786, C

So much of s6 Geo. 3. p. 37,

it relates to allowing the exportation of wheat, See. to his majesty's sugar colonies in America,

further continued until May i, 1784.

So much of if Geo. j, cap. 4^»

as prariits the exportation of tobacco pipeclay to the sugar colonics.

further edn taaued until June S VI C

so Gqp. ft cap.5,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6. f 178

qued from the expiration thereof until the first dy of a\tgufi % one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and from thence to the end of the then next fefltoo of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority afprgsaid, Thtt fp much of an act, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An ft for allowing the ixjnrtatim of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's fit gar colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, am te the other settlements; belonging to the united eo&tpany of merchants tf England trading to the East Indies, and f biscuit and ptaje te Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with resptft to advising or carrying into execution his majesty's orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheats and other articles; as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies in America, which Was to continue in force until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; and which, by several acts, made in the seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty first, and twenty second years of the reign of his present majesty, was continued until the first day of May, one thou&ikj seven hundred and eighty-three 5 shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the ewtith rule in the book of rates, so far as the same relates to making any allowance upon the importation of damaged currants and raisins, oni jer making the importer of such goods an abatement in the duties in lieu thereof \ and for explaining the said rule with respect to such allowance for damage on other goods 5 and to permit the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies, for a limited time; as permits the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the tri tish fiigar colonies Or plantations in the West indies; which was tb continue in force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousowd seven hundred and eighty-three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty fpnrth day of June, one thousand (tan hundred and eighty feyenv and from thence to the end of the then next session

4v. And be it farther enacted by the authority afortftd, tbkt att aft; made in thenwewtteth year of the itign ows present Majesty, intituled, 'An act for repeating tb duties fffitit uftoftfm&arfybis, wad dnd tvmajbn^ import imqtj*

*ojr

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 7 — 9!

Britain, and for granting other dutiti in Urn ftr a limited time which was to continue in force until the thirty first day hf May., one thousand seven hundred and eighty three shall k, and the lame is hereby further continued until the thirty, ^d untjt*1* M day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six. May ji, (7stf.

CAP. VII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore* The lame as last year.

Cap. viir.

An for continuing fewr*l ai passed for the better regulation of

age and ballaiuge in the river Thames,

ak 6 Geo. a. C9, further contused until June 14* 1794, and to the tod of next session.

CAP IX

A ab for piloting the importation of riff, paddy, Indian fern, Indian meal, and maize, free from duty, ftr

whereas allowing tbt fret importation Paddy, p

W Indian corn, Indian meal, and maize, into Great Britain, ftr a limited time, will be of great advantage, and may be tbt meant

Of ttutqraging the making of forth from may it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consens of the lords spirkual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, it ibau be tram tbs pan liwful for any person or persons to import into Great Britain, fag of this at any time or times before the thirtieth day of September, one aftantil Sept, thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, any rice, paddy, /*-^5, $'5ee* dim corn, Indian meal, and maize, from any country or place sm/frr?miiy whatsoever, in any British ship or vessel legally navigated, or in be imported any foreign ship er vessel, belonging to any kingdom ojr (late i duty free j amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated by foreign seamen, without the payment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or impofkion whatsoever; anything in any former act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due provided due entry shall be made, in such manner and form at wore practised entry thereof or used before the making of this act, of all Indian corn, Indian J meal, and maize, which shall he imported or brought into this, mpor*uon kingdom, by virtue of this act, before the said thirtieth day of September, at the coftotn house belonging to the port into which

& same Audi be imported or brought ip; or otherwise, inde t of making (d entry, such Indian corn. Indian meal, and anmr, flwh be. liable to such and fbefame duties as wore pajt sfitapbothe importation themtf itafoie the mpkwgof this act

p4 any

o Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. io. tf #3*

anything herein contained to the 'contrary notwithstanding* and such Indian corn, Indian meal, and maiae, may be earned i. coastwise, under such regulations as wheat, wheat flour, and

pulse, of the growth of this kingdom, are now allowed to be; carried coastwise, at all times before the Aid thirtieth day ef iseptenflier, ooe thousand fipvcn hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. X

A^further continuing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present. majesty# for allowing the importation of line prganzined Italian thrown 4jk In any type or vends, for a limited time.

Ada 19 Geo. 3. q. 9* tp oc. 9. and1 go. 3, C 6. further eoatt pued until March5, 17*4.

CAP. XL

ffn act to amend an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of that reign of King peorge the Second, intituled An act for the more«Sffeftual Securing the duties upon tobacco; to prohibit (be importation of currants into Great Britain tn final packages \ to repeal such fart of the proviso in an act of the eighteenth year of u*reign of his present Majesty, as permits Portugal aarf spanish wines, and other Wines, (except French wines) to he imported in small cofks fer private uft; and for taking off the inland dutypojh able upon the importation of coconuts into this kingdom, upon tit exportation thereof as merchandise.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-fourth yetor of

*4 Geo. a.'y, the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, inti

C recoed, tuled, An act for the more effectual securing the duties upon tobacco; it is, amongst other things, enacted, That no tobacco or to bqcco (talks exceeding twenty-four pounds weight, nor any fnujft* ceeding ten pounds weight, shall be in any form or manner whatsoever removed, carried, or conveyed by land, from any port or place of tm* portation in Great Britain, to any other port or place within this kingdom, without a certificate being first had and obtained from the collector and comptroller, or other chief officers at the port or place where the tobacco was imported, that the duties thereof were paid or fecuhed in the manner directed by the said act: and whereas great quantities of tobacco are clandestinely run on shore at severed of the out ports of this kingdom, and such tobacco, and great quantities of f tobatco folks, and snuff manufacturei from tobacco, so clandestinely

run on shore, are afterwards removed from such out ports, toother 1. ports and places in the country, and from thence convoyed into London,

ahetparts adjacent thereto, without the certificates directed by ehesaidticited aft, under a pretence that such tobacco, tobaccofolks, and snuff are'not removing from the tort or place of importahmc 'tdkefrtby that good purposes intended by toe foetid aft have Joe and men \ke deseated, 'Ho the great prejudice of the pumick revenue and tbi fitbr e?ader: for remedy Whereof may it please youjr majesty skil* wtm bfe touted j and be it drafted by the Xing's moajwfcb i ' f V hut

i7&3-] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. i i. 209

cm Majesty, by and wishthe advice and corifent of the lords (pkinial and temporal, and commons, in this prefant parliament sfbmbled, and by the authority, of the lame, That, from From March and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven jmj. no hundred and eighty three, no tobacco, or tobacco stalks, ex seeding twenty-four pounds weight, nor any snuff exceeding*

ten pounds weight, which shall have been removed or carried ^ib. nor by land from the port or place of importation in Great snuff exceed

to any other port or place within this kingdom, shall be after 'o'jv wards removed or carried to any other port, town, or place rew0ttj whatsoever in Great Britain, without a certificate being first had from tb place and obtained from the collector and comptroller, or the chief of importa officers of the customs at the port or place from which such?*? "» are intended to be so removed; but if there it not any with*officer.of the customs redding at such place, then from the offi. oat a proper ccr of excise for the division with whom the former certificate certificate, was entered, that it appears to them, by the entries of the certificate or certificates in their books upon their former removal, that the duties for such tobacco or (huff, or that the duties for.

the tobacco from which such tobacco stalks or snuff were re (pedively dripped or manufactured, as the case may be, were paid or Kcured at the port or place of importation; and also by what carriage such goods, and every part thereof, came, and were before removed as aforesaid, and the time when j and also that the person or persons who shall apply to him or them for such certificate had made oath to the truth thereof: and before toy fitch certificate shall be granted, the proprietor of such tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, or the factor or agent applying for the same, shall describe and insert on the back of such certificate, in a fair and legible manner, the names of each particular package in which fitch goodt are contained, together with the particular marks and numbers seton each package, and also the true and exact weight of each particular species of goods contained in each particular package, and the place from whence the same are to be delivered, and to which and by what carri.

they are to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and thenatne of the person or persons to whom the goods are consigned; to which such proprietor, factor, or agent, shall subscribe his, her, or their name or names, and make oath to the truth thereof: which respective oaths herein before directed, thecoueftor and comptroller, or other principal officers of the customs, or the officer of excise granting such certificate, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to administer: and the mioifteroaths. certificate so granted shall express the number of days it shall continue in force; and the officers granting such certificate, after writing the same off their books in a book to be kept by him or them for that purpose, are hereby directed to deliver such certificate to the person or persons who shall apply to them for the same, without any fee or reward whatsoever for such certi ncate, or for administering the oaths hereby required, on pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for etery such offence, and

0 to

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. [1783.

id transinir a duplicate of tech certificate to the register general The certificate of tobacco at Lmdon or Edinburgh respectively: and the ted tosccompaay certificate to granted shall accompany the goods to the plan the good. where, and be delivered to the per (bn to whom such good shall be consigned, who, upon receiving the same, shall caofc fitch certificate to be delivered to the Chief officer of thecodont, if any such there be, and in case there be no officer of the customt, then to the officer of epeife of the division whereanto such goods are carried and conveyed; and such officer is hereby directed to examine the same with the goods, and if they agree therewith,

(be goods may be taken away and disposed of by the person or persons to whom of right they belong; and such officer is thereupon to enter such certificate distinctly in a book to be kept by t., him for that purpose, and transmit the original certificate to the register general of tobacco at or respectively.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore all tobacco, find. That if any tobacco or tobacco (talks exceeding twenty tobacco fialks, four pounda weight, or any (huff exceeding ten pounds weight, and (naff, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of, shall be it trary to tbisl mowed or found removing, by land or by water, at the fine, or the recited time, either in one or several parcels or packages, from toy aft, (bad be port or place whatsoever in this kingdom, whether it dull be forfeited, with the port or place of importation or not, to any othar port, town, wrb«£'&c. or pace "Britain, without the certificate required by conveying the this or the before recited act; or if the person or persons root fane. ing such tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, shall net product

firth certificate to any officer or officers of the custonu or excise who shall require to see the same, all such tobacco, tobsoco (talks, or (huff, and the caflcs, chests, cases, or other package, containing the same, together with the horses, cattle, carts, wagons, boats, barges, and all other carriages whatsoever, employed or in anywue made use of in the removing any carriage or conveyance of such tobacco, tobacco stalks, or (huff, or Regulation, any or cither, of them, shall be forfeited and lost $ and the (eve be. of the to] rules, regulations, and restrictions directed in, and the fere f*cltedi* ral penalties, forfeitures, and punishments inflicted by, the ted exkurion of r*, e» respect to or against the removal of tobacco, this act. tobacco stalks, or snuff, by land, from the port of importation, and the mode of proceeding therein directed for the recovery thereof, and punishing the offenders against that ad, shall be applied, practised, and put in execution with respect to tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, removed or found removing contrary to this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses in the said act relative thereto had been

again repeated and enacted in the body of this act.

III. And whereas great quantities of currants are imparted inti

Great Britain in rolls and other [mall pacitges, and art dandijhm'i ran on Shore without payment of the duties due for the same, tithe diminution of the public revenue, and the prejudice of the fair trader: for remedy whereof, it is hereby farther enabled by the authority

ry3] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. ft.

rity aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of Jiffy, one From July Jt

thaufend sevenhurrdred and eighth three, no currarrt* shall be J "°

imported or brought into Great Britain from any place beyond jj^rud in

the Teas, upon any preferred whatsoever, otherwise than loose lit anyleii pafle

hogsheads or other calks, each of which shall contain fife bon»*»

dnd weight avoirdupois of net curl amt at the leaf!, end shall j "*<h*d

nor be packed in rolls, bagsi or in atry other packages, within such hogshead or calk, under the penalty of the forfeiturs ofur penalty ef

such currants as shall be imported, or brought dr found on

board any ship or vessel within any port,harbour, or creek,*

within this kingdom, contrary to this act, together with the

package containing the same $ and such currants shall and may

be forced by any officer or officers of his majesty's coftouis, slid

prosecuted in any court of record at worm the cmr

of exchequer at Edinburgh lefpeftikely j one moiety of Which

forfeiture, after deducing the charges of condemnation audible

of fisch currants, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his hew

abet fucedfers, and the other moiety to such officer or officers

of tkecbstoms as shall seize fitch currants and prosecute for the same.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and it is Hereby further enidled bb ehe authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful (hr Exception e ino mailer of any ship or vrifel, ootning from any port or plate tatwe ear hnm Melted currants have beta and ate ufuelly brought into rab^totje dqpiangdom, to Import and hate oft board ay quantity hf*

pdjhmts dot exceeding five hundred weight, for the Mb of Mi to be consumfed on board fitch (hipor fofifel, providedfbch mft nets shall be reported at the custotn house, and (lowed openly in the fit ip without fraud or concealment end shall he packed toofe in an hogshead or other calk capable of containing fife hundred weight net of currants, but not otherwise; anything herein before contained to the contrary fiotwithftstodibfg.

V. And whereas by an act tfparliament, indieve the iightteuib year of the reign of lit present Majesty, imitated. An act for gfaht Rsdial of ing to his Majesty several additional duties upon wwits and vine '* gar imported into this kingdom, it t amongf other^J'

matted., That no wines of the growth or produce tfmty pan of the dominions bilonging to the crown of Spain or Portugal, and that Mo Ffench wines Should be imported or brought into Great Britain (hr any fmauer vessel or cask than what is commonfy 4h hogjhoat, in which such wines have been usually imported, upon forfeiture Uf aq such wines as Should be imported cinerary L the ftsidaft, 'together with the tofts and other package abstaining the same, {ekeeftis Ohere

in afttr was provided:,) and whereas by ihesaid att ft Wat provided that any French wines may by tmportot in Pottles, w thtrt may be imported in fmauer cases than it theroin hefort limited,

Hot fraud or oomtalmm, fty private aft, and py'way^mw 'dmkjyi, any obing in obt fitid att, or any ethtr lma, Mom, dr ukge, 'to ate amor) notwithftmiirtg1: and whereas the food irinafo

mat kitted thedimmtf vejftli ahdmberte

pkmttittenf Portugal and spdtfkpammfmid i, mi

the

a 12

From March

*5* l1*v*proviso in toe uid aft repealed.

Exception.

Recital of at Geo. 3. C S

From March

5'*7*5* coconuts exported to be allowed the full duties payable on importation thereof.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 11, [1713.

the pritme that such.wines are impufer private tefe, great van

titles ate clandtjlindyrutsen fleers' without payment ef any duty, ts the prejudice of the revenue, and detriment of the fan trader: for

remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority afore. fid. That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the said proviso in the said act, made in the eighteenth year of his Majesty's reign, he rein before recited, by which it is provided that any French wines may be imported in bottles, or that any wines may be imported in smaller calks than is by the said act before limited, for private use, and not by way of merchandise, so far as the same relates to Portugal or Spanish wines, or any other wines, iexcept /vwedwines, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

VI. And whereas by an act, pqffed in the twenty ftrjl year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excite, and of the inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more pundual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for.rectifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with tefped to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of ex dfe imposed by the said act; an inland ef eighteen pence wes

imposed upon every pound weight avand in that proportion for a groat or or lejftr quantity, of coconuts then imported or

after to he imported into this kingdom; and by the said act only four fifths of the said duty are to he repaid on the exportation of tit coconuts, which in euterience hath been found to be a

to the exportation of toe same: far remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty

three, all such coconuts as shall then have been, or shall hereafter be, legally imported into this kingdom, and which shall be afterwards exported to any foreign parts as merchandise, and which shall have been duly entered, and for which the several imposts due on the importation thereof shall have been paid or secured to be paid, and which shall have been lodged or secured in such warehouse or warehouses as by the above recited act, or by any other therein referred unto, is directed and required, shall and may, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, upon doe.er)try thereof being made by the proprietor or proprietors of such coconuts. Or by such person or persons whom they ihfll. appoint for that purpose, be delivered out of any sech - he respeduve proprietor or proprietor thereof, fpn or persons as shall be appointed by him, her, dr

dms*c*iad, illa wll Wfe« fcdh delivcryjwwduty

h*'

by Goo

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. cia — — ary

faifte for exportation, without payment being made of the said inland duty imposed by the said act on the said coconuts any thine In the said act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; such proprietor or proprietors, or other person The exporter or persons exporting the said coconuts, baring first given suck tojpve inch and the like bonds, for the due and fair exportation thereof, and to produce such certificates, and to make such proofs, as' qq, red by the are reauired to be given, entered into, produced and made, by lat recited t the before recited act of the twenty first year of his majesty's A reign, on the exportation of coconuts, in pursuance of the directions of that act,

CAP. XII.

An act for rafting a certain fom of money by loans or excheqaerbitts, for the fcnrice of the year one thousand fevtn band red and eighty thrce« —

To raiic i, ooq.ooool. on the faiqe terms at in the land tax aft,

CAP. XIII.

An act for more effectually draining and preferring certain lands and groonds within the level of Hatfield Chase, and parts adjacent, in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham.,

Commissioners of fewer! authorised to make a new drain from the north river (at about one hundred and twenty chains distance above Althorpe ftuicef to the river Trent $ and also a (luice or dough in the bank^of toe river Trent, and bridges to be made over the new drain, if necessary.

The expenses to be, paid by the commissionets of (ewers, out of money to be raised by the act, on assessments upod the lands of the paitiripanta of the said level.

CAP. XIV.

An act for allowing tie importation of goods from Europe in neutral ships into the ifands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat,

Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and /£* Grenadines; and of goods the produce or manufacture of the said ijtands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this kingdom, in such ships, upon payment of the British plantation duties, for a limited time; for permitting certain goodie the produce of those islands, secured in warehouses in this kingdom, to be taken out, on payment f the British plantation duties, and to cancel certain bonds entered into for payment of the duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary acts for the encouragement of trade; and to repeal an off, made in the twenty second year of his Majesty's reign, for allowing the importation of goods the growth of Saint christopberj Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of his Majesty's dominions in Europe or America.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, during the late hostilities, the islands of Saipt

Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines, were taken by the arms j>f bn most Christian Majesty, and, by the preliminary articles of peace, are to be refhred to this kingdom; and it may happen that neutgal ships, him at foreign ports in Europe with cargoes conjignei to the said

aj* Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

foffl. islands may not orripe tfyre before fiuh islands m ft refi/rd i of prysaid, and it it expedient

gets at thafe islands find tt to Great Botkin ay

goaisof the growth, produff or manufacture may it tl>«rofch: e pilaff your Majesty that it my b.c.

w bciu enacted by tbf'kiojj'smost ejcqellent ft

Wh tbq advice an? cpnfpptof the lords (ptrit^pland temporal, and con}toons, in this prefect parliament aflenfoied, and, py. the tral »e(t(i» authority of foe same, That it (VU and may be lawful Jpr any Wtttfd ship ocyeflel that.shall have cleared qut from anyfo poru to St! reien p°rt in Europe before the first day of April, oof christopher't, seven hundred and eighty-three, with any goods consigned to C before the said islands, or either of them, to enter and land such goods mavla'ndtheir # foe said islands although rfocb, flwp» may notriv«

careoe*, C so* tiu after, tueibid islands are swfbomdand delivered, up to'his Majesty; mdt (half and maybe lawful for fttdi ships, at any time before the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to take on boardj and bring back to any portdn Qmt Britain, nay good, being the ^grwthnptodudioo,

r anatmfo&ure of such iflaods, and such goods shall and may be admitted to an entry in this kingdom, upon payment of jtue.like duties, as if such goods bad been imported tram.amr M' iti/fr iflaqd in the Wft Indies in British ships duly navigated; any law, custom, or ugageto the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas the islands of Tobago and Saint Lucia tri, b] the foid, preliminary articles, to be delivered up

Majesty, it is therefore hereby further enacted by the authority Goods, the aforesaid, That during such timp as q\ajl be allowed by the de produce of finitive treaty of peace to the planters, merchants, and inhabi stlubcu0may't, nt 10 withdraw themselves and their effects from the said be imported 7 iflanjd^ it, shall, and may be lawful for such persons to import during a limit direijfoy, from foeoce in to this kingdom, any goods, wares, and ed time, on vmgrchaqdj*ca, being the growth, production, or oianufojure, e^njhnunf. Of, the said.resppclive islands, upon payment of such duties as juon duties. wwid. have been due and payable for such goods jf foejfoad been imported from any of the British islands, in

jbddfijfbirs

M. vptnvided always, ..and it is hereby, further eqafled hythe importer aaithorhy, aforesaid, That the importer or importers', of, M to make ob gp^/j omany of theftid islands herein before jnentionoi, mail eoedtare the '*mke«oath» before the collector apd comptroller, of his ^jdty's produmor oistoms at the^pprt, of importation iathis kingjdcun, (.which manufacture oath such collector, and comptroller pxc hereby uqpavtered to f the said administer), that, _ to the best of his or their knowledge^pa be islands. lies, the goods so imported are really and bona jjde the growth, production, V or manufacture, of the said respective iflaaasjjpd m default of such oath, the goods so imported shall be subject, 4o the payment of the like duties as they would be liable to if imported from any foreign West-india island 5 and such goods ault, upon importation into this kingdom, be subject and liable to the like^ccttfitiesy reftflctions, regulations, penalties, m.d.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. q.141

forfeitures, in all other respects not altered by this act, as they mould be liable to if they were stopped At and imported from aqr brit\jb island in the West india.

I?. And whereas feveraf par eels of sugar, and ttbtr goods, the

stout of some of the before mentionedifiands, have been imported nti Great Britain from thence during toe time islands were in tkpjbfion of hismeft'christian Majesty, and art note II

fimswurdaorfbs in this kingdom, wider the joint Joois if his mt fifiyewd the proprietors of such goods, be it further enacted by the

artority aforesaid, That at shall and may be lawful for thek Certain goods, (mhuaners of his Majesty's custonas, or an four or more of imported fro them, to permit such goods to be taken out of inch warehoafea |^ndvwhae by the importer thereof, upon payment of thefameduties, and they were pof fcmeft to the like regulations, as such goods would be sessed by the

and liable to if they had been imported oireduyfhoin any Mrhish ^en'b'

Mud orplarttation in British ships navigated according to laa^j the ware tad opoa payment of ithe said duty, the said commiluonees of house — —, tbteaftrtns are hereby authorised and required to order any wtawt of - bonds, ov other feourity gtven by the importers for^he duty oo britifopunta* such goodto Jse cancemd and tfifcharged. non duties.

7. And 'whtrtns fwtral restrictions upon commerce have been fuf.

fmu, and indulgences havebttn grouted for the bene sit, of trade bp apian offs nf parliament kith mode, which mere to continue ht f

sin during ntbojiihties with France, Spain, or the fines general eftht Unitnd Province, or either of them: and whereas it may be mpoobiaue fur the merchants to give notice to their mfiedgn pertrgf the cessation of Infinities time enough

the shipping of goods for thit kingdom before peon maybottmhedad mi finally established; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all as Of poreameat whisk have been several yds made fmee the twenty sixth day of.ofsober, one thousand seven fr the encou. bandndvandjsixty fine, whereby any (itch reftnftiom hav been j^fj^her Mpended, or such indulgences haem been granted, (hah be, continued.

nd the same*re'hereby further continued, and shall remain in full some until the exputation of six calendar months after ihe definitive treaty of peace, shall toe signed.

VI. And it k hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tint, from and.aner.tiw first day of one thousand u Geo. jr

seven hundred and eighty-three, an adof par Some at 'made in C J* the twenty second year of his majesty'a reign, (intisultd, An Off P"*for elkwing the isnportutiort ef geedt of the growth, produce, or mfobure, of the islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, mont mufdnto any port ref mmojefifs dominions mjsutopk or Amelia, on payment of theibnd&iiplontnmjutits) shalltoe, and <hf

fine is hereby repealed, and made void.

1,ciaapi*

it Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. L [ijlj.'

CAP. XV.

An act for rendering more the provisions in an oo

of the thirteenth fear of King George the Firs, foe preventing frauds and abuses in the dying trade.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an ab of was made, in the their tenth year of the reign of his majesty King George3 Geo. 1. for preventing frauds and abuses in the dying trade, which fid e. tv recited, ait hath been found ineffectual for the purposes thereby intended \ mi in order more effectuallf to prevent fratub and abuses in the dying if clothes, bays, faffs, and other woollen goods, it is necessarj sat toe foid all Should be repealed, and same further and other pomenpvm for theftpurposes: may it therefore please your Majesty, thit it may lie enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament The recited assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and aet repealed, after the passing of this act, the abovementioned ad shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

Penalty on im>

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons property dy. whomsoever (hah, after the passing of this act, within that part ko^aforma Great Britain called ewales, and Berwick

s^bistn^ye, or cause to be dyed, any dotha, bays, or other woollen*goods of any kind or fort whatsoever, as or for mstber blacks, the same not being dyed throughout in rise first place with void and indigo, every such person shall forfeit and pay the rdpeftiv: penalties following (that is to say, )

For every piece of long Boding bays, containing seventy

yards, or upwards, the sum of five pounds

For every piece of Colchcfer bays, or Short bays, containing thirty-five yards, 'or upwards, the sum of fifty Shillings:

And for every piece of other woollen goods of any kind or fort whatsoever, the sum of sixpence per yard, and alro for And if any person or persons whomsoever shall, alter the

woadad passing of this act, within that part of Great Britain aforesaid,

bi«cks. dve, or cause to be dyed, any woollen doth as or for woaded black, the same not being woaded throughout, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay for every piece at such doth the sum of two Shillings per yard.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Mither black That ajl doth, bays, and other woollen goods, which shall be truly mathered black according to the directions of this act, riifhngiriflirrt b marked with a red rose and a blue rose; all woollen by peculiar doth which shall be truly woaded black throughout, according

mark. to the directions of this act, shall be marked with a blue role

Penalty w only: and if any person or persons whomsoever shall counterfeit

counterfeiting or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any of the said those marks.' staktla, or shall dye, (tain, imprint, or affix, any such mark to

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 15. a 17

or upon any such woollen clothes falsely and deceitfully dyed as or for mathered or woaded blacks, as aforesaid, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of jour pounds for every piece of such woollen goods to 6r upon which such mark shall be so stained, imprinted, or affixed, as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That if any person or persons whomever shall, after the pass Penalty on ing of this ast, within that part of Great Britain aforesaid, use, using logwood or cause to be used, any logwood, or logwood liquor, in dying r blue any clothes, bays, or other woollen goods of any kind or*vouea- sort whatsoever, every such person shall, for every such offence, goj>cu bloc, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds for every piece of such cloth, bays, or other woollen goods, in the dying of which any logwood, or logwood liquor, shall have been made use of as aforesaid.

V. And, for the better preventing frauds and abuses in the dying

(bibs, bays, and other woollen goods, be it enacted, That the Searchers to matter, wardens, and court of assistants of the company of dyers appointed of London, under the common seal of the said company, toge ^ooiicitgl^ds there with John Barchard, John Cole, Samuel Farmer, Chamberlain dyed black or Goodwin, Chamberlain Goodwin junior, Jacob Mills, John Platt, blue, in Lon edward Seward, Joseph Seward, Richard Still, Thomas Vincent, d<?n» and and Thomas Whitehead, or any three or more of them, shall ^ilcs thereof# and are hereby empowered and required to appoint such number of persons as they shall think proper, to be searchers of all,

(hops, warehouses, workhouses, and tenter grounds or drying places, of all and every person and persons, companies, and corporations, using or exercising the trade, art, or mystery, ot dying of clothes, bays, or other woollen goods of every kind ot sort whatsoever; and also of all and every person and persons concerned in the dying, drying, or packing of any such clothes bays, or other woollen goods, and also all public warehouses, and other public places where any clothes, bays, or o{her woollen goods, paqked up for exportation, shall be deposited situate within the city of London, and within the distance of ten miles of the said city; and from time to time to appoint others in the room of such as die, resign, or be removed; and every searcher so to be appointed as aforesaid. hereby authorised and empowered, at all seasonable times in the daytime; enter into any such (hop, warehouse, workhouse, ten ter ground, or drying place, and other places as aforesaid, And to /earch for and examine all or any clothes, bays, and other woollen goods dyed black or blue, whether the lame be packed or unr.

paeked, and also to cut and take away a pattern or (ample from other end of every piece of such woollen goods as he shall think "proper, for the purpose of trying and proving the same such" " taking to his afftftance a constable, or other peace officer, of the parish or place wlferein such (hop, warehouse, \workr house, tenter ground, or drying place, or other place as afore;*;

shall be situate 2 and every such constable, or other peace Voi, XXXIV Q officer

ctfc

iis Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 15. [1713.

Officer, is hereby required to be aiding and affixing to such Searcher in the execution of this act, whenever application shall he made to him for that purpose.

On the death

VI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often ss of any of the any of the persons herein before named, or to be appointed in manner htrein after mentioned, toad in the appointment of ed to appofnt Marchers as aforesaid, shall die, or refuse to ad, the surviving searchers, or remaining persons so named or appointed, or any three or others shall be more of them, shall, and are hereby required, by writing un room? in the r CT cf hands from time to rhyme, as soon as conveniently may be after such death or refusal to act as aforesaid, to appoint another person (using or exercising the trade of a dyerof woollen goods, and residing within the limits aforesaid) in the roooof the person dying or refuting to ad; and every person so to be appointed shall have the like power and authority to ad in the appointment of searchers as aforesaid, as the person in whole place he shall succeed was inverted with.

First meeting

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said company of who'*rperf°n* <tyers>atl{* tie p*rf°n* herein before authorised to ad in the point^mrch3 appointment of searchers, or any three or more of such persons, shall hold their first meeting for the appointment of searchers as aforesaid, at Dyers Hall, in the city of London, upon the seventh day next after the parting of this a, between the hours of eleven and two of the clock, and may then, and from time to time afterwards, atqourn themselves, and meet at the same, or any other place or places within the said city, as qften as dull be necessary, for the appointment of searchers within the limits aforesaid, according to the directions of this act; but if at any meeting appointed to be held as aforesaid, it shall happen that a sufficient number of the persons authorised to ad in the appointment of searchers as aforesaid shall not attend, or shall omit to adjourn such meeting, then, and in every such case, any one or more of such persons may adjourn such meeting to such time and place within the said city as he or they mall think proper; and every such adjournment shall be as valid six! ertedual as if made or done by all the persons aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case, at any meeting to be held for the appointment of

pany shall not searchers as aforesaid, the said company of dyers shall not at attend at any tend, it shall be lawful for the persons herein before named, or other persons to* app°'nte^ to ain the appointment of searchers as afore attending may said, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby author - -'rized and empowered to appoint such person or persons as they shall think proper, to be a searcher or searchers of woollen goods within the limits aforesaid; and every searcher so to be appointed shall have the like power and authority in all respects to act as a searcher in pursuance of this act, as if he had been appointed by the said company of dyers, and the persons herein-before named, or to be appointed as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said company of dyers, and the several persons herein-before

In fe the dyer com

appoint searcher 3.

If the persons herein before authorised

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 15.

authorised to a A in the appointment of searchers, or any three Aallnegledto or more of such persons, shall refuse or neglect to appoint and Slumber of continue a proper number of persons to be searchers as afore searcher, the said, any two persons using or exerdfing the trade of a dyer of quarter fef woollen goods may apply to the justices, at any general quarter "p "wy P sessions of the peace to beholden within the limits aforesaid, p0*01 them, and make complaint of such refusa! or neglect; and it shall be lawful for the justices at such sessions to make inquiry touching die matter of such complaint; and if it shall appear to them that a proper number of searchers for the purpose aforesaid shall not be appointed, the said justices shall, and are hereby authorised and empowered to appoint such person or persons as they shall judge necessary to be a fcarcher or searchers of woollen goods within the limits aforesaid; and every fcarcher so to be appointed (hal have the like power and authority in all respects 0 act as a fcarcher in pursuance of this act as if he had been appointed by the said company of dyers, and the persons here fct befare authorised to at in the appointment of searchers, of by any three or more ef such persons, in manner before di ftded.

X. And, in order to prevent the Hie frauds and abates in the ing of woollen goods within futb plates as are not within the limits aforesaid, be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace. In all part of at thdr respective general or quarter sessions of the peace to be E "8j, d ut homen for the respective counties, cities, towns, and places,

within that part of Great Britain calied, Wales, and fcarcher* (hill

Berwkb upon Tweed, (other than within the limits herein b.c. be appointed fore mentioned,) shall, and are hereby required from time to byindices time lo appoint such person or persons as they shall respectively ffs think proper to be a searcher or searchers within their respective session*. jurisdictions; and every person so to be appointed shall be, and h hereby invested with the like power and authority to act as a searcher in pursuance of this act, within the limits for which he shall be so appointed, as ate herein before given to any person who shall be appointed a searcher within the city of, and within the distance of ten miles of the said city.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Searcher to person shall be capable of acting as a searcher in the execution be sworn. of this act, until he shall have taken and subscribed an oath to

the eflfed following:

I Do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and, exe The oath.

tale and perform the trust reposed in me as, by virtue ef an a8 of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of its majesty King George the Third, for rendering more eflfedual the provibotk contained in an act of the thirteenth year of King Georgy the First "preventing frauds and abuses in the dy - "trade."

Whidr oath the persons by whom he shall be appointed, or any one of them, arc or is hereby empowered to administer.

220

Penalty on obstructing U archers.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Prosecutions to be commenced within 40 days.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 15. [1783.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Tonnes shall, in any manner, oppose, obstruct, hinder, or prevent, any searcher so to be appointed as aforesaid, in the execution or any of the powers hereby vetted in him, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the ium of ten pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures for offences against this act, where the same shall exceed the sum of five pounds, shall or may be recovered, in the name of any person who shall inform or sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin; privilege, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and that all penalties and forfeitures for offences against this act, where the same shall not exceed the sum of five pounds, shall, upon proof of the offences respectively before any justice of the peace for the county, city, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, either by theconfession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath such justice is hereby empowered to administer) be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party offending, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice', directed to any constable, or other peace officer, of any ward, precinct, parish, town, or place where the offender shall inhabit, or can be found, (being within the Jurisdiction of such justice)) the overplus, after such penalties and forfeit tures, and the charges of such distress and sale, are deduced, shall be returned, upon demand, to the owner of such goods and chattels; and in case sufficient distress cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, such justice shall, and is hereby authorised and required to cause the offender or offenders to be committed to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for such time as such justice shall think fit, not exceeding three months; and one tnoiety of all penalties and forfeitures which shall be recovered, by virtue of this act, from any person or persons residing within the city of London, or within the distance of tea miles of the said city, mall go and be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety shall be applied and disposed of in such manner as shall from time to time be directed by the persons attending any meetings to be held for the appointment of searchen within the city of London, and within ten miles of the said city, as aforesaid; and the whole of all other penalties and forfeitures which shall be recovered by virtue of this act, shall go and be paid to the informer or informers, and prosecutor ot prosecutors.

XIV. Provided always, That all prosecutions for offences against this act shall be commenced within forty days next after the offences shall be respectively committed or discovered, and not afterwards and shall be prosecuted. with effect and without

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 15. 221

delay; and if any person shall think him or herself aggrieved Persons ag

by the judgement or order of any justice of the peace, touching r ofbanv

the conviction for any offence against this act, such person may j % jce, may

appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter appeal to the

icuions to be held for the county, city, town, or place, where quarter fef

the offence shall be committed, he or she first giving reasonable

and sufficient notice of such appeal to the prosecutor or prosecutors;

and the judgement and determination of the justices at

such general quarter sessions shall be final and Conclusive upon

all parties; and the said justices are hereby empowered, upon

such appeal, to allow such reasonable costs and charges to either

party as they shall think just; the same to be levied and paid

in such manner as is usual in other cases of appeal from

orders of any justices of the peace to the general quarter sessions.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted Limitation of against any person or persons, for any matter or thing done in pursuance of this act, every such action or suit shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the cause of action shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the county, city, or place, where the same shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act General ifflie. and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the matter or thing for which such action or suit shall be commenced was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought or commenced after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a discontipuance of his, her, or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be riven against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for Treble costs. the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other case by law.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be Publick a, deemed a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as

such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

0.3

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 16.

[17s3. CAP. XVI

An act for authorising the treasurerto pay to

and navel department at Gibraltar, like bounty for certain Spanish flaps of war, as is allowed to tie officers and mm on board any of his Majesty's ships of war taking or dtflreykg ships of war belonging to too enemy.

WHEREAS by two several alls of of the nine'

'and twentieth years of the reign of Ns present jessy, for the encouragement of seamen, and the more spetdy and effectual manning of his majesty's navy, the if

the navy are directd to issue bills for the payment to all, [toman, marines, fcidlers, or others, who have been tt

[Preamble.]

Recital of 19 Geo. 3. c. 67. and so Geo. «. C.SJ.

for every man alive on board the ships so sunk, or

wise defrayed, at the beginning if the attack or engagement: whereas in the month of September, one thousand seven hundred tad eighty-two, an attack was made upon his Majesty's garri/m at Gibraltar, by ten battering ships of war belonging to bit ceik flek Majesty, all which ships of war by the and the naval department at the pert Gibraltar, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, and in the month of October, in the same year, 0 Spaniuiyftrp of war, taued The Saint Miguel, fsurrendered ti the said garrison and naval department: and whereas, by the of the fai4 alls, the officers and men of the said and navel

department, are not entitled to the said bounty, for burning, Jtniing,

tr otherwiftdefraying, the said battering ships of war, or for the feud Span 1 (h slip of war, as: and whereas tt is

proper that all me encouragement be given to the dflinguished merit of the officers and men of the said garrison and naval apartment at Gibraltar, for their long and gallant defence of that imftrl ant fortress: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be jpnacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituil and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afitm the eanifon bled, and by the authority of the same, That the officers and pfgibi altar, men belonging to the garrison of Gibraltar, and to the navil drpan'ment department at the said port of Gibraltar, at the respective times there, inti the attack being made upon the said garrison, and the fur tied to had render of the said Span 'tflship of war as aforesaid, shall be in money for de titled to, and shall receive the said bounty of five pounds for fioatimf bat every man hying on board the said battering ships of war, at terles, kc*beginning of the said attack; and also for every man living on board the said spanish ship of war, at the time of her surrendering to the said garrison and naval department, as aforesaid, in as full and ample manner as the officers and men on board any of his majesty's ships of war are by the said alls entitled to

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 17, 18. nj

the bounty thereby allowed upon the taking or destroying any dhips of war belonging to (he enemy; and the of of Ills majesty's navy shall, and they are hereby authorised and navy to make required (upon proof made, to the satisfaction of the said com out bills for anissioners, by certificates, of otherwise, of the number of men that purpose, living on board the said battering ships of war, and the said Spcmjb ship of war, at the time of the said attack and surrender respectively) to make out bills for the amount of the said bounty, directed to the treasurer of his majesty's navy, to be divided amongst the officers, soldiers, fcafnen, and mariner, within and belonging to the said garrison and naval department, at the respective times aforesaid, in such manner, and in such proportions, as his Majesty (h*ll graciously please to order, direct, and appoint; and the treasurer of the navy shall, and is hereby authorised and required to pay all such bills, according to the course of the navy, to the said officers, soldiers, Teamen, and marines, or to such agent or agents as they shall authorise and appoint to receive the lame, without fee or reward; and such agent or agents shall be subject and liable to the like regulations and directions, as any agent or agents appointed by virtue of the said acts are thereby made (ubjed and liable to.

CAP. XVII.

An act for punishing mutiny and de&rtion j and for the better payment

of the army and their quarters. - this act to continue as to Great Britain, from March 24, 1783, to April 25, 1715; and as to Jersey, Guernsey, CC from April jo, 1783, till May 1, 1784; and as to Gibraltar, and his majesty's other dominions beyond sea tram March 24, 1784, till March 24, 1785.

CAP. XVIII.

An for rendering the payment of credit on more equal and expeditious, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and far mating perpetual so much of an act made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to bills and promissory notes.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by the common hwy in that part of Great

W Britain, called Scotland, the personal estates of ft.h debtors as Became infohent were generally carried off by the diligence of arrest ment and poinding, executed by a few creditors, who from the nearness of their residence to and connexion with such debtors, got the ear hest intelligence of the infohency, to the great prejudice of creditors more remote and unconnected and to the disappointment of that equality which ought to take place in the distribution of the estates of insolvent debtors among their creditors: And whereas an act was passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act Recital of is for rendering the payment of the creditors of iofolvent debtors Gco* 8* C 7 % more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the diligence of the law by arrestment and poinding! and for extending the prj

QA vileget

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. i8. [1783.

Alleges of bills to promissory notes, and for limiting actions upon bills and promissory notes, in that part of Great Britain, called Scotland; which was continued by another act made in the twentieth yt(tr of the reign of his present Majesty, but is now about to expire, and bath moreover been found by experience to be in same respecti inefficient for answering the purposes thereby intended; and it being expedient that the plan of the said aftshould be varied, and that same other rules and regulations Should be made for putting the diligence f creditors upon an equal and proper footing, and preventing unjafl re ferences and accumulation of expense, and likewise for operating 0 more speedy di/lributfon of the estates of bankrupts both real and per final, especially where such estates belong to persons engaged in trade and manufactures, may it therefore plfeafe your Majesty that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia* What shall be meitt assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all deemtd fpffi actions and questions arising upon the construction and eflfed of °* the act of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thou pai rup cy fan(j gx hun(jreci and ninety six, intituled An act for declaring notour bankrupts, when a debtor is out of Scotland, or not liable to be imprisoned by reason of privilege or personal pro tod ion, a charge of horning executed against him, together with either an arrestment of any of his personal effects not loosed or discharged within fifteen days, or a poinding executed of any of nis movables, or a decree of adjudication of any part of his heritable estate, or sequestration by the act of a proper court of all or any part of his estate or effects, heritable or movable, for payment of debt, shall, when joined with insolvency, be held as sufficient proof of notour bankruptcy; and from and after the last stepped of such diligence, the said debtor, if insolvent, shall be held as bankrupt.

Dircdionsre

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That wh$k Jative to ar. debtor is made bankrupt in terms of the said act, made in the rertments of year pne thousand six hundred and ninety six, as nowextend vupt8 ed, all arrestments which shall have been used for attaching any personal effects of such bankrupt within thirty days prior to the bankruptcy, or within four calendar months immediately subsequent, shall be paripaffu preferable: and in order to faveas far possible, the expense of a multiplicity of arrestments, it is declared, That where the effects of a debtor are arrested by any creditor, within thirty days before the bankruptcy, or within four months after it, and a process of forthcoming or multiple poinding is brought in which such arrestment is founded on, it shall be competent for any other creditor, producing his interest, and making his claim in the said process, at any time before the expiration of the said four months, to be ranked in the same manner as if he had used the form of arrestment; the expense of raising the process, and of the diligence, at the instance of the creditor who raises it, being always paid out of the common fund.

elfcfti.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. a

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an arrestment executed at the market cross of Edinburgh, and pier and shore of Leithy in the hands of any person out of the kingdom, without other sufficient notification, shall not interpcl the arrestee from paying bona fide to the original creditor.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Poinding of poinding of the movables belonging tp such bankrupt, within movables thirty days before his bankruptcy, as aforesaid, jor within four "itbin a cer calendar months thereafter, shall give a preference to such poin

der over the other lawful creditors of the bankrupt, but the bankruptcy, goods so poinded shall be considered as in medio, and the person not to give a receiving the price of them shall be liable to make the same pr?fef*n<£i0 forthcoming, so as that all the other creditors of the bankrupt potnu«rc. who are possessed of liquidate grounds of debt, or decrees for payment, shall be intitled to their portion of the same; provided they make their claim by summoning the poindefr attoy time before the expiration of the said four month's, deducing always the expense of such poinding from the first end of the price of such goods, together with twenty percent. on the appraised value, which the poinder shall retain to account of his debt, in preference to the other creditors, reserving liberty to him to rank on the remaining sum for the full amount of the dtbt contained in his diligence. V k

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That diredionsre all actions of sale of lands, or other heritable subjects, raised or Utive to ac to be raised and pursued at the instance of creditors before j*"*offtleof the court of session, upon any of the Statutes in that behalf f^be made, (hal proceed and be carried of ta a conclusion, by actual instance of sale, as soon as the necessary previous Aeps of a sale, are taken, creditors be whether the ranking of the creditors is concluded or not, un fore court less the court upon application of the creditors, or any of them, cf session shall And sufficient cause to delay the sale; any law or practice

to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful to the purchaser, at any term of Whitsunday or Martinmas subsequent to the term of payment of the price, to lodge the price, with the interest due upon it, in the royal bank, or bank of Scotland, at such interest as can be procured for it; declaring always, that by so doing, and giving notice thereof to the common agent who carried on the sale, he shall be exonerate, the same way as if the price had been consigned in the hands of the magistrates and town council of Edinburgh, as required by the sixth act of the parliament of Scotland, in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety five, which ad is so far hereby repealed; and further declaring. That the court of session, on the application of any of the creditors, shall be empowered to make an order on the purchaser to lodge the price and interest at any of the said terms subsequent to the term of payment in one or other of the said banks; sufficient intimation being always previously given both to the purchqfer and to the common agent for the Creditors, that such application is made, in order that all parties may have an opportunity to object and in order to lcflen

_ the

axe Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. [1783.

he number of adjudi^ptfsrivand consequently the expense upon a bankrupt cftatd, the lord ordinary officiating in the court of session, before whom any process of adjudication i calied, shall ordain intimation thereof to be made in the minute book, and on the wall, in order that any other creditors of the common debtor who may think proper to adjudge his estate, and are in readme!* for it, may produce the innrudions of there debts, andbeconjoiaedin the decree of adjudication; andarea fonabie time, not exceeding twenty fed runt days, shall be given for that purpose, ttnfefs there be any hazard from a delay, which the court, or the lord ordinary, shall judge of.

VI. And whereas it is so tbt of that tbt efiatos

of theft eonctrntd i trade and eunufaqurts, whin they are anabit to mfwet tbt dttnands upon thtm> be

hotted among their creditors in the nooft expeditious Manner, mtb

ten abiding the ordinary forms of laviy be it enacted by the author

Who maybe vity aforesaid, That if any person in that part of Great Britain made bank called Stotlond, being a merchant or trader in grots or by rs -- trail, or a banker, broker, or underwriter, or a m an ufa (Surer, artificer, or mechanrck, And in general any person who, either for himself, or as an agent or factor for others, dealt in the pnrchakr, or fate, or workmanship, of goods or commodities other than for his own use and coofomption, or the produce of his own eft ate, or of anysubjea held by him as'lessee or tenant, (and particularly excepting landholders, and occupiers or tenants of land, or aether heritages, holders of India flock, or of (lock in any of the banks established by public authority, or in the friendly insurance company at Edinburgh against fire, if suck persons be not otherwise bona fide under one or other of the foregoing descriptions,) shall be under diligence by horning and caption for debt, and shall either, in virtue thereof, be imprisoned, or retire to a sanctuary, or fly or abscond for his personal Safety, or defend his person by force; or being out of sat land, or not liable to be imprisoned by reason of privilege or personal protection, shall be under diligence by charge of horning, attended with arreflment, not looted or discharged within fifteen days, or poinding of any part of his movables, or decree of adjudication of any part of his heritable estate, for payment of debt, at the instance of any creditor, it shall be lawful Method of to any creditor of the Said person, whole debt shall amount to procedure the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, or any two creditors

therein. whose debts shall amount to the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds sterling, or to any three or more creditors whole debts amount to the sum of two hundred pounds sterling, or upwards, at any time within four calendar months of the last step of the said diligence, to apply, by Summary petition, to the court of Session while the session is sitting, or to the lord ordinary on the bills m time of vacation, for a sequestration of thit said debtor's estate, real and personal; and upon production of the grounds of debt aforesaid, and the creditor or creditors, at whole instance the application is made. Swearing to the verity

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. 227

of their debts htfom any judge ordinary, or justice of peaces and amo, that they believe the party against whom the application w made to be a merchant, or otherwise under the description above set forth and with and under the foregoing exceptions, the said court; or the lord ordinary shall grant warrant for eking the said debtor, by delivering to him personally, or by leaving at hit dwelling house, a copy of the said petition; or, if the said debtor i out of Scotland, by affixing copies upon the market cross of Edinburgh, pier and (bore of Leith, and also leaving a copy at bit last dwelling house, or house of business, in Scotland, to appear in court within the time (perilled in the warrant of citation, not being less than six, nor more than forty days from the date of the citation, to (how cause why sequestration (hold not be awarded; and at the time of minting fetch warrant of citation, the court, or the lord ordinary,

au ltkewife, if defiled, grant the ufiul authority, at the m stance of the petitioners, for recovering written evidence of the bid diligence and upon production of such evidence at the diet of appearance, if the debtor Stall not appear either in person, or by hie counfd or agent, or (o appearing, shall not instantly produce written evidence of the debt or debts being satisfied upon which the diligences proceeded, and alb pay or fetisfy the debt or debts due to the petitioner or petitioners, cr shew other reafo nabte cause why further proceeding fhaum not be had, the court, or the lord ordinary, ihau immediately award fitquestrad an of the said debtor's whole real and personal estate. The court. See.

VII. And be it eaaded by the authority aforesaid, That to appoint a the court of the lord ordinary flistll* by the same deliverance meeting of which awards the iequestration, make an order upon the credi c' "'for*»who

*« air CO u(d6 81

tors to meet upon a certain day and hour, being not more than fr^or.

three weeks from that date, and as much sooner as circumstances

may permit; the said meeting to be at a convenient place,

cither where the bankrupt resides, or where his business is or

was last carried on, or as near it as possible, in order to name an

interim factor upon the sequestrated estate real and personal;

yrhich deliverance the petitioning creditor or creditors Quit

forthwith capfe to be advertised in the Edinburgh newspapcvs

called The Caledonian Mercury, and Edinburgh Evening Courant,

otherwise the whole proceedwigs to be null and void; and the

foetid court, or lord ordinary, shall at the same time grant commission

to any resident magistrate of the burgh, or to the sheriff

or stewart depute or substitute of the county or stewartry where the meeting is to be held, or, failing them, any justice of the

peace to be named by the court, to attend the aid meeting of

creditors, and to receive production of their grounds of debt,

with the oaths thereon after mentioned, and to sign the minutes

of the creditors, along with the presses chosen by them; and

all questions at this meeting lhah be determined by a majority

of the creditors in value or extent of debt appearing at

the said meeting, by themselves or others authorised by them,

and whole grounds of debt and oaths thereon are (0 produced,

228

factor to gy security.

Court, upon awarding the sequestration, may lock up

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. [iyj

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatt person chosen at the said meeting by the majority aforesaid j interim factor, shall be entitled to the office, and shall find fj curity for his faithful management, to such extent as the fa majority shall think reasonable; and the said fatftor shall in a copy of the minutes of this meeting in a book of fede which shall be signed by the said of and by L presses of the meeting, and kept by the factor as his warrant fa acting; and the principal minutes of the said meeting, at whit the factor is appointed, being signed by the said commissione by the presses of the meeting, and by the factor named and aj cepting of the office, shall be transmitted by the commissiooi to the clerk of the sequestration, to be kept among the recori of the court of feffioti.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That up awarding the sequestration, the court, or the lord ordinal shall, if desired by the petitioning creditors, grant warrant!

the bankrupt'* the kid commissioner to feil up, and cause put under safe 1 (hop. Scc. tody, the books and papers of the bankrupt, and to lock up I

(hop, warehouse, or other repositories, and to keep the kei thereof, till a factor is named as before directed, to whom thl shall be delivered, and iubjeci in, the mean time to such ordd and directions as the said court, or lord ordinary, or the sin commissioner, may think proper to give on the application

my party concerned; and it shall be competent for the court, or the lord ordinary, even from the date of the application for sequestration, to give such interim orders as the circumstances of the case may require, for preventing embezzlement or damage to the effects, upon application of any of the creditors, and cause shewn.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any merchant, or other person described as above, and with and under the aforesaid exceptions, whether diligence has been exe

100i may ap cuted him or not, shall make a joint application along

ply to the with any creditor whose debt shall amount to thefumofone court for a fe hundred pounds sterling, or any two creditors whose debts shall questration of amount to the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds sterling, ku state. or anyjthree.or more creditors whose debts shall amount to the sum of two hundred pounds sterling, or upwards, and oath being made as above to the verity of these debts, and the parties, or their agent, also making oath, to their knowledge or belief, of the debtors being under the description which he assumes, the said court, or the lord ordinary, are hereby authorised and required to award sequestration of the debtor's eftste, real and personal, in like manner, and the procedure shall go on as before directed.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority. That no sequestration shall be awarded against any person having an estate or effects

In Scotland, who at the time of the application does not cither person not re re side or has a dwelling house or house of business there, or at Scotland, C such rcfi^nc$ or dwelling house or house of business

Any merchant, See. jointly with a creditor for

No sequestration to be awarded against any

witbia

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. 329

1

within a year previous to the application, unless the debtor himself, or those acting for him, concur in the application.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Method of estates of all corhpanies carrying on business under any of the denominations or descriptions above set forth, and with and un compa der the above exceptions, may be sequestrated upon the appli* nil cation either of those entitled to a A for them, with consent of any creditor of suchr company whose debt amounts to the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, or any two creditors whose debts amount to the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds sterling, or any three or more creditors whose debts amount to the sum oftwo hundred pounds sterling, or upwards; or at the application of such creditor or creditors themselves whose debts are to the amount already mentioned; in which last case it must appear, that diligence has been done against one or more of the partners of the Company for payment of a company debt, in the same way and manner as is before required to found an application against individuals; and in cither case, the procedure hereby directed with regard to individual debtors shall be followed out; and it shall be sufficient to cite the company, by leaving a copy at the house or (hop where their business is carried on, or where any of their managing partners reside; or if the said honfes and (hop be (hut up r deserted by them, a copy shall be affixed at the market crois of Edinburgh, and pier and shore of Leith.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Petition of fe

shall be necessary for the party applying for the sequestration to questratioa to record the petition of sequestration, and the first deliverance M

thereon, in the general register of inhibitions, within twenty reger of in four hours after the said deliverance is pronounced; and the hibitions. same shall, from the date of the application, be held equivalent '

to an inhibition against the debtor, for behoof of the whole creditors, in case of the sequestration being finally awarded; and it shall not be in the power of the bankrupt, after sequestration is awarded, to stop proceedings by paying off the debt on which the diligence and petition foresaid did proceed, nor shall the proceedings be of any effect unless the said petition and deliverance are so registered.

XIV. Provided always, That if the debtor, agairfft whom in what cases

sequestration has been awarded without his own concurrence, afequestratioi^ or if any creditor who has not concurred in, of consented to the rc'

application, shall apprehend that the party against.whom it is called awarded docs not come within the description before given, or

falls under any of the exceptions therefrom, such debtor or ere jditor shall be at liberty, at anytime within thirty days after sequestration is awarded, to apply to the court of session* if sitting, or to the lord ordinary on the bills in time of vacation, setting forth the grounds upon which the sequestration ought to be recalied, in respect of the description not being applicable; and this petition being, intimated to the party at whose instante the sequestration was obtained, or the known agent of that party, and a reasonabktime given to make answers thereto, the court or lord ordinary determine fuaunarijy upon the same.

330 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. if.

[1783.

and Audi gramme commission, if necessary, for taking proof of the fads; rod if upon evidence it shall appear that the person again if whoa the Sequestration i awarded, does not fall within the meaning or terms of this act, as not being under any of the descriptions above set forth, or as fidline under any of the exceptions therefrom, the sequestration shall be recalied; or, if the petition is found to be without fuffideat ground, h shall be dismissed; but in the mean time, until this matter is llnlly determined, the proceedings under the sequestration dull go on as if no such application bad been made.

General meet

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, of the ere That the sud factor shall, immediately after being fb naoved, hddo°chus* obliged to publish an advertisement in the two iagattuftee,newspapers before mentioned, intimating the sequestmrion, and that a general meeting of the creditors is to be held on fndi day and at Inch place as the creditors, at the meeting before mentioned, shall have fixed in their minutes, (the said day being not less that four, nor more than eight weeks after the advertisement,) for the purpose of ebufing a trustee; and in the mean time, the factor shall enter upon the management of the estate, and shall, within two day after hit appointment, apply to the Sheriff or stewart depute or Substitute of the county car stewartry when the debtor rtfides, or where his bufioefa was carried on, who is hereby authorised and required»name one day in each of the four succeeding weeks to be frt apart for bankrupt.&c. the public examination of the bankrupt and of his family, or w be esamitt others ocqaaimed with his bufioeft, in the Sheriff court house of the distrin, a see of one guinea each sitting being allowed to the Sheriff or stewart depute, if he officiates, or half a guinea each sitting to the substitute; and such periodical meetings being fixed, the same shall be immediately published by the factor in each of the two Edinburgh newspapers before mentioned, by an advertisement, inviting the whole creditors to be present at such examination, that they may have an opportunity of putting such questiont as shall be judged of importance. for rendering the discovery and surrender more complete; and the said judge shall, if necessary, issue his warrant for appro bending the bankrupt, or any of his family, or others who are to be examined, if within his jurisdiction, in order to force their appearance; or if they be without his juriidkftihn, the court of session, or lord ordinary on the bills, mall, on the application of the factor, grant such warrant for apprehending and bringing them before the judge, who is to take the examination, as aforesaid; and if any of these persons shall happen to be indisposed, or otherwise unable tu attend at that time, the court, or lord ordinary on the bills, may grant commission for examining them elsewhere; and it shall be competent for the fader or for the trustee to apply at any time for re examining those persons, upon due advertisement given in manner roreftwd; and the court, or lord ordinary on the bills. shall likewise.' .' exfe it be necessary, grant a personal protedioo to the bankrupt, the application: of the fedtur or trustee, far Such tiaac as may

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. i 231

be requisite for enabling him to attend the diets of examination, or may grant warrant to messengers at arms, or other officers of the law, to bring his person out of prison, in order to attend such meetings, and thereafter to carry back him to prison.

IXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Bankrupt to tfcrions to be examined appearing, or being brought in virtue make a full I the said warrant, before the sheriff or flewart depute, or sub- discoveryof and in presence of the fafior and such creditors as choose estate!

attend, the bankrupt shall make a full and fair discovery of Jus whole estate, heritable and movable, wherever situated, in finding any estate in expectancy which he may have an even taal right to by contract of marriage, entail, or otherwise, and j toll exhibit in writing a full state of his affairs; and the judge toll proceed in the examination of him and the other persona jforesaidi and the said state and whole procedure shall be in fated in the book of iederunt, to be subscribed by the said judge examinator, and by the bankrupt, and likewise by the hftor, together with a list of books, papers, accounts title deeds, and documents, foupd in his poflection, or produced by him, and a rental of his lands; all which books, and other writings, shall be delivered over to th factor; and at jtbe last oftbek examinations the bankrupt shall take and subscribe the Wowing oath:

I A.B. do, in the prefeme of Almighty God, end as I shall an Bankrupt's finer to God at the great day of judgement y solemnly j\'wear, That oat "* six flute of my affairs, subscribed by me, and now delivered up to my mditors, contains a full and true account of all the debts of whatever nature due to me, and of all my estate and effelh real or personal (necessary wearing apparel only excepted) as well as of all claims vjhich I om entitled to make agzinft any person or persons whatsoever, and of all estate in expetianey, real or prrjonal, which have an eventual right to by contract of marriage, deed of entail, or other xvifey to the best of my knowledge 5 and that the said state likewise emtams a full and true account of all the debts due by me, or demands upon me, so far as 1 know or (an remember, and that have delivered up the whole books, documents, accounts, and papers of every kind belonging to me, which in any way relate to my affairs, and xvbich were in my possessm* or under my power and have made a full hjdofufe of every particular relating to my affairs. And further I (wear. That I ball forthwith reveal all and every other circum fiance or particular relative to my affairs, or which may tend to increase or diminish my estate, or in which my creditors may be interest,

iiteflly or indirectly, which may at any time hereafter come to my knowledge.

So help toe GOD

And if the person thus called upon is a member of a company, and examined upon the company's affairs, the terms of jtl£s oath shall only be so varied by the judge as to make it

Penalty on Wearing or affirming falsely.

The book of federtmt to be delivered to the acting trustee, along with other books, accounts, C

Clause relative to the factor and trustee.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. [1783.

We to the case; tohich oath being annexed to the fore&id proceedings in the book of sederunt, shall also be subscribed by the sheriff or stewart depute or substitute; and if the bankrupt be one of the people called $>uahrs9 it shall be sufficient to take his folecnn affirmation upon the matters contained in the said oath, and likewise in all other cases where an oath is required by this Statute: and all persons convicted of taking the above oath or affirmation falsely, shall be held as guilty of perjury, and of fraudulent bankruptcy, and punished accordingly, and for ever rendered incapable of holding any office of public trust or emolument; declaring also, that if the bankrupt shall wilfully fail to exhibit a fair (late of his affairs, or to make oath in terms above specified, or to make a complete surrender, he shall be considered as a fraudulent bankrupt, and punished accordingly, and rendered ever after incapable of bolding any office of public trust or emolument; and in either case shall forfeit every benefit or privilege arising from the ffiatute, and be accounted infamous, and incapable of giving evidence in a court of justice, or of fittting or idling on any assize or jury.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at the general meeting of the creditors appointed and id vertifed as before, for choosing a trustee, the factor shall exhibit the said book of sederunt, to be delivered over to the acting trustee along with all the books, papers, accounts, documents, and title deeds in his hands, relative to the bankrupt's estate and affairs; and the majority of creditors in value or extent of debt present at this meeting shall determine who is to be trustee; but no creditor shall be entitled to a vote at this or any other meeting, who has not, either then or formerly, exhibited his grounds of debt, with an oath thereon, as herein after mentioned, and got the same marked or enterbd in the book of sederunt; and at the said or any other meeting it shall be lawful for agents or attorneys, having commissions either general or special from any of the creditors, to appear and vote in all matters wherein their condiments themselves if present might have voted; and the creditors may choose two or more trustees to act in succession, one failing another by death, refigoation, or removal.

XVIII. Provided always, That if the factor named at the first meeting is not chosen trustee, he shall be allowed such gratification. for his trouble, to be retained by him out of the effects in his hands, or to be paid by the trustee, as a majority of the creditors in value at the said meeting shall think reasonable; and the trustee shall find security for his intromissions and faithful management, unless the same be dispensed with by four fifths in number and value of the said meeting, the said dispensing resolution to be always ingrossed in their minutes; and the trustee shall be entitled to an allowance in name of com mtflion for his management, on all sum of itioney which he shall rtitovtr, at such rate pr ant. ts (had be adjusted or fixed by a

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. 233

majority, in value at the said meeting, or at any after meeting of the creditors advertised for that purpose; and it shall be competent at any time for one fourth of the creditors in value to apply summarily to the court of session for having him removed, upon Cause ffiown; and a majority of creditors in value, at any meeting to be advertised for the purpose, shall likewise be entitled to remove, or to accept of the resignation of any trustee; and in either of these cases, or in the event of the acting tj uftee's death, the next trustee in succession shall be entitled to act; t X

and upon failure of the several trustees originally named, by death or otherwise, it shall he competent to any two of the creditors to apply to the court of session, of lord ordinary on the bills, to cause a meeting of the creditors be held, upon due advmisement, for ehufing a pew trustee or trustees in fpccef. fioqj and in any of ^hefe cases the new acting trustee (hah

immediately call to account his predeceftbrs in office, or their heirs and representatives, and shall be vested with the same powers, and subject to the same rules and regulations, as any former acting trustee,

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Minutes of That the minutes of this meeting of the creditors eleding a the meeting trustee, or succession of trustees, shall be forthwith reported to the^ourt. the court, or lord ordinary on the bills, by the trustee who is to asia copy of them being previousy entered in the sederunt book; and the court, or the lord ordinary, shall then issue an order upon the bankrupt, to execute and deliver, within a certainreasonable time to be specified in the interlocutor, a dispo fitioti or dispositions making over to the said trustee or trustees in their order his whole real and personal estate, wherever situ;

and which shall specially describe and convey the subjects so far as they are known, or so far as the trustees shall think it necessary, and contain all proper clauses for effectually vesting the right in him, with full powers of sale, for behoof of the creditors; and if the bankrupt shall refuse to obey such order, Bank^the court, or the lord ordinary, may puniffi him by imprison fufmgtoobey ment and in that case, or in case of the said bankrupt being the order of absent from Scotland, or for any other reason not granting such the court, may disposition within the time that he is ordered by the interlocutor so to do, the court, or the lord ordinary, shall, upon the appli cation of the trustee, issue an act or decree, finding the property of the whole lequestrated estate and effects, real and personal, to be in the said trustee or trustees in succession, for behoof of the creditors, and adjudging, decerning, and declaring the whole lands and other heritable estate within the jurisdiction of the court specially enumerated, and which were the property of the bankrupt, to pertain and belong to the trustee or trustees in succession irredeemably, to the end that the same may be (old and converted into money for payment of the creditors; which adjudication shall have the same'eftedt as if the bankrupt had executed the conveyance before mentioned; and the factor originally named shall immediately deliver over to the trustee etery part

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. i [1783.

part of the bankrupt's estate or effedis in his possession, and all securities taken for the same, or any part thereof, and pay. such balancers may appear to be due by him upon settling his accounts 5 declaring always, that if any part of the bankrupt's property happens to be entailed, the conveyance to be executed by him, or the decree of adjudication to be obtained by the trustee, shall only be understood to carry that right and interest in the estate which the bankrupt himself has, and which his creditors can validly attach.

Disposition of

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the heritable That the said disposition of the heritable estate, together with estate to be re the order of the court, or lord ordinary, on which it proceeds, ferift^of ab or filing thereof, the decree, of adjudication of the court, or of breviatet of the lord ordinary, shall within sixty days of the date thereof, be adjudications, registered by the trustee in the register of abbreviates of adjudi c" cations, and shall have the effect to entitle the trustee, for behoof

of the whole creditors, to rank in the same manner upon the heritable estate as if it had been a proper decree of adjudication obtained at the date of the interlocutor awarding the fc questration, accumulating the whole debts principal and interest, as at that period, and adjudging for security or payment thereof, so as to rank pari pqffii with any prior effectual adjudication led within year and day of the same 3 and the (kid dif position or adjudication shall not be reduceable upon any of the Statutes concerning bankrupts, nor (truck at by any inhibition, or other legal interpellation; saving however, in the ranking upon the price, any other effect which such inhibition or interpellation may have with regard to contradtions of the debtor posterior to the date thereof.

Row the titles

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to Upon the said disposition, or decree of adjudication, the feudal pra!^ ftdll tlt*es requisite by the law of Scotland to vest heritable property, ben^dcupm shall and may mae up either in the person of the trustee, or the per tonne of in the person of the purchaser from him, in virtue of such truf thetrufte£, C tec's conveyance, agreeable to the forms of the law of Sudani] f and each trustee succeeding a prior trustee, through his death, resignation, or removal, unless substituted to him at his first'shall be vested in the right either by disposition from the former trustee, or by adjudication obtained by the new trustee on a summary application to the court, or lord ordinary, as before; and the superior shall, if required, be obliged to enter the trustee or trustees in the same manner as he is directed by an act made in the twentieth year of his late majesty's reign, for abolishing ward holdings, without being entitled to more than one composition for the whole; and if the trustee shall afterwards discover any other heritable subjects belonging to the bankrupt, and which belonged to him at the date of the ' application for sequestration, the same shall either be disponed or adjudged in manner before directed, and to the same effect; and in case the bankrupt's own titles to any part of the estate, real or persona), which belonged to him at that period, or to

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. 235

which he had then succeeded as apparent heir, neared in kin, or otherwise, to any predecessor, hive not been so completed as tb ved the right properly in him the factor or trustee shall take the most safe and eligible iriethod of completing the bankrupt's title; in such way and manner as the law requires; declaring always, that the rules of preference or ranking between the creditors of the ancedor and those of the heir by the law of Scotland are not meant to be altered by anything contained in this act.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore bankrupt's said. That the whole estate, whether real or personal, belong whole estate, ing to the bankrupt at the period of the fequedration, shall be a^fhc come a fund of division among those who were his creditors on/tohea* prior to the date of the application, and none else, according to fund of diyi their due order of preference; and all payments made by a fion among debtor to any of his creditors after such application, shall be cr^dit°rtt void and ineffectual to the receivers in the event of a fequedra 0*fton raking place, and the factor or trudee shall be entitled to recover the money so paid as part of the bankrupts estate; and ail transactions of the bankrupt subsequent to the date of the application, from which any prejudice may arise either to the creditors or to third parties, shall be null and void; declaring always, that nothing herein contained shall oblige a bona fide parchafer of any part of the movable effects from the bankrupt whilfe in ponession, and for a price truly paid, to redore the effects so purchased; nor the debtor of a bankrupt, who has paid his debt to him bona fide without knowing of the bankruptcy to pay it a second time to the factor or trudee.

XXIII. Providing always, That if, after the said application, Eflfedsdevolv and before a finsfl division among the creditors, any estate or "8j, Pon the effects, either real or personal, shall devolve upon the bankrupt, a?terthe ap ettber in the way of succession, or otherwise, he (had be oblig plication and CD immediately when such event happens, to make a full dif before a final covery thereof to the factor or trudee, and shall, if required, division. make oath to the same before any magistrate of the borough, or lodge ordinary of the county of his residence, in oyder that the factor or trudee may have an opportunity of taking such deps as are necessary or proper for the intered of his condituents*and the said factor or trudee shall likewise give immediate notice thereof to the creditors, either at the fird general meeting, or by advertising a meeting for the purpose.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Noarreftment no arredment of a debtor's personal estate, or any part of it, of»debtor's tried at any time within thirty days before an application for a p£rfynal fequedration under the authority of this act, shall give any pre aavs^be*fereoce to the arr^ding creditor in the event of a fequedration foreappua tajting place; and the arredee shall be obliged to deliver the tien for e effects arreded, or pay what he owes the bankrupt, to the ^uribation, factor or trudte, as if such arredment had been used for the mah cvall»* whole creditors; and if the arredee has delivered the effects, or paid the money arreded to the arreder, by virtue of a decree of

Ra forth

i, Goc 2

236 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. [1783.

[Proviso.]

forthcoming, or any other authority whatever, the arrefier shall be obliged to pay or deliver the same to the taftor or trustee: and in like manner no poinding of a debtor's effects not completely executed thirty days before such application, shall give any right or preference to the poinder in the event of a fcquec tration taking place, but the poinder shall be obliged to deliver to the factor or trustee the goods poinded, if not mid or cfifpof ed of, when he is required so to do; and if t$ey are then sold or disposed of, he shall be liable to account to the said factor or trustee for the appraised value of the goods poinded, and shall make part of the fund to be distributed among the creditors.

XXV. Provided always, That all arresters and poinders who shall be deprived of the benefit of their respective diligences in manner foresaid, shall be entitled to demand or retain the expense laid out by them in prosecuting such diligences.

Trustee tore

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That cover the the trustee, when appointed, shall forthwith proceed to recover m an most effectual manner, the whole

ruprvor the'e^ate under his management or power, whether at home or in benefit of his foreign parts, in order that the same may be distributed among' creditors. the creditors; and he shall be obliged to follow those directions and rules, with regard to the recovery, management, and sale, of the estate real and personal, which are laid down by a majority of the creditors in value, convened at the meeting by which he was appointed, or any subsequent meeting; and besides the dated annual meetings herein after mentioned, the trustee (hal if required at any time by one fourth of the creditors in value who have produced and proved their claims, be obliged to call a general meeting; or he himself may on any emergency call such meeting, sufficient previous intimation (of every occassional meeting, and the purpose of calling it, being always given, bj advertisement in the two Edinburgh newspapers before mentioned, three weeks at least before the meeting.

Majority of

XXVII. And be it Further enabled by the authority afore&kf, creditors in That if any part of the sequestrated estate consists of land. Of tenntne rela other heritable subjects, it shall be optional to a majority of cretin to the ditors in value to determine, either at the meeting appointing Ole of herk the trustee, or at any of the subsequent dated meetings, or other ablecftates. meeting called for the purpose, whether the trustee ip to bring the said heritable estate to judicial sale befoi* thp court of session, or to dispose' thereof by voluntary public late; and if the latter mode is adopted, the sale made, after such advertisement, and at such upset price as shall be fixed by a majority of creditors in value at any such meeting, shall be valid and effectual, with and under the burden of all debts and claims heritably secured upon the estate, in so far as the same ?re preferable to the disposition or decree vesting the said estate in the trustee, and the purchaser shall have no concern with the application of the price; and if a majority of creditors in value determined fqr a judicial sale and ranking the trustee shall be obliged forthwith to proved in the same, and shall be entitled to carry it on as to

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. 237

a part of the estate, without including the whole, and without any other proof of bankruptcy than the act of sequestration;

ana it shall be enough to call the bankrupt himself, and his real

creditors in possession, upon a citation of fifteen days, whether

they are within the kingdom or not, and the edical citations

shall be dispensed with.

XXVIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act con Not to bar the tained shall bar the right which any preferable heritable creditor right of any may hive by the law, as it (lands at present, to bring his deb preferable he for estate to a judicial sale at his own instance, unless cere 1' such sale has been previously brought at the instance of the

trustee.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Creditors, in every such process of ranking and sale, the creditors produce whose claims ing their grounds or claims of debt, shall be intitled to prove are objected and constitute the same, if objected to, without bringing separate

t&ions for that purpose; but provided always, that the court on to prove shall only allow a reasonable time for so doing; and the creditors the same, shall be entitled to draw their shares of the price, in virtue of the disposition and adjudication before mentioned, without the necessity of arty other adjudication; and no other adjudication shall be competent after the date of the sequestration.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Thifteeto the trustee shall be obliged to lodge 111 money he receives in the in such bank, or with such banking company, as a majority of cre "ccive*kr*ee ditors in value at any general meeting shall appoint; and, fail aby to the*ing such appointment, in the royal bank or bank of Scotland, and appointment at such interest at can be procured for the same; and never to of a general retain in his own hands above the sum of fifty pounds fterlin£ meet, DS* for the space of ten days, otherwise to be liable to the creditors

for seven and one half percent. per annum on what ever exceeds the sum of fifty pounds sterling, in name of interest and damages.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the trustee shall within ten days after his appointment is confirmed by the court of session, cause publish an advertisement in each of the two Edinburgh newspapers before mentioned, requiring all the creditors to lodge with him their claims, 'and vouchers or grounds of debt, with their oaths for proving the same as directed by this a, within nine calendar months after the date of the interlocutor awarding the sequestration; speci fyinjj the day when the said nine months expire, and certifying those creditors who shall neglect to comply with this requisition, that they shall not be entitled to any share in the first distribution of the debtor's estate.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidd, That the trustee shall, within one calendar month after the termination of the said nine calendar months, make up a fbte of the bankrupt's eflfe&s that have been converted into money, and a state of the debts which have been proved, and lodged with him in manner before required, calculating interest

R 3 "p0"

An advertisement to be published by the trustee, requiring the creditor to bring in their claims.

Further directions to tha trustee.

t

Court of session to determine all questions re lativetoob jected claims, C

Trustee to make up a scheme of division for a second dividend, canno

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. [1783.

upon each up to the date of the sequestration, with a scheme or cast^dividing the free produce of the money so recovered among theyeveral creditors in these debts according to their due order of ranking; which dates and scheme, together with a general date of the bankrupt's affairs brought down to that period, shall lie open, for the inspection of the creditors or their agents, in the trustqe's hands for two months longer, when a Rated general meeting; of the creditors shall be held at the place of the trustee's residence, exaduy at the distance of a year after the sequestration, being the same day twelve months, or the next lawful day thereafter, to give such orders as may appear necessary for the future management, and to receive their first dividends; and the trustee shall give notice thereof two months before by advertisement in the said two Edinburgh newspipers; and in case any of the debts claimed upon shall be objected to, in whole or in part, or their place in the ranking disputed, or any other objections shall be made to the scheme, as made up by the trustee, a share of the said fund, corresponding to the utraoft amount of the sums or dividends to which the disputed articles may be intituled, shall be left in the bank or banking house where the moneys were deposited as aforesaid, till all such quest^r ons are determined by the court of session, which the said court is hereby authorised and required to do fumiparily, on the application of the trustee, or any other perfori interested, and, in such summary process to allow a proof of the defitsjor of the jedtions, if required 5 and if, in the event of such question, the said sum, or any part of it, shall remain unapplied to the debt or debts for which it was claimed, the same shall go, into the fund for any subsequent distribution; and the shares of creditors not called for at the time of distribution, shall again be deposited on their risque in the hands of the banking company before mentioned, at such interest as can be got jfor the same, which interest so gained shall be for the general behoof.

xxxilir And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That within one calendar month after twenty-one calendar months from the date of the fequellration, the trusteis shall make up another scheme of division among the creditors, who, before the end of the said twenty-one months, have produced in his hands tjieir claims and grounds of debt, and oaths of verity, as before, together with new states of the funds and debts, and of the bankrupt's affairs in general, as before directed; which shall in like manner remain open for inspection for the two following months; and the next stated general meeting of the creditors for receiving their second dividends, and for the other purposes before mentioned shall be held after the like advertisement exactly at the distance of another year, being on the same day two years from the date of the sequestration, or on the next lawful day thereafter; and the like procedure shall be followed out at the same intervals of time thereafter, and until the whole funds of the bankrupt are collected and distributed among his creditors; declaring always, that no creditor shall draw any share of

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. 239

the different distributions, unless his grounds of debt, and oath on the verity thereof, shall have been lodged with the trustee*or before the respective days appointed for that purpose, but he shall be intituled, in the next distribution which happens after the grounds of debt are so produced and proved, to draw out of the first end of the remaining fund in the trustee's hands, a sum equal to the former dividend or dividends on his debt, with deduction of five ptr cent, on the said dividends, which is to be retained by the trufiee for the common behoof, on account of the said creditor's delay; and further declaring, that in making up the schemes of division, all debts claimed on which are entitled to a preference by the law of Scotland, not altered by this act, shall be preferred accordingly.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such creditors as claim upon debts whereof the term Debts claimed of payment is not come, may nevertheless, upon discounting beforeactually the legal interest to the term of payment, draw their shares in du? 0, 8, 1 be^proportion to what remains after such discount. discount"

XXXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any of the creditors claiming to be ranked on Creditors the sequestrated estate, real or personal, shall have received any claiming who

said partial payment shall be deduced from the total amount of deduced from his debt, and he shall only be ranked for the balance after such deduction; but in case such partial payment is not recovered till after the sequestration, he shall be entitled to rank for his full debt without any such deduction, but so as he shall neyer draw ih whole more than complete payment of his debt; and the creditors of a company shall be entitled to rank upon the estates of the individual partners for the debts due to them by the company, deducting only what they may have received before the sequestration, as before.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That production©f the making production of the grounds of debt along with the lre£rou?df oath, shall have the same effect as to interrupting prdscription

of every kind from the period of such production, as if a proper action had been raised on the said grounds of debt against the bankrupt, and against the trustee.

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That m every such oath the creditor deponing shall [pecify every Creditor, in

security he holds for his debt, whether on the estate of the his ia, L

debtor, or other obligants; and in case any creditor shall, after the date of the sequestration, obtain any legal or voluntary pre holds for bu

ference on any estate or subject belonging to the bankrupt directly debt.

or indirectly, situated without the jurisdiction.of the court, he shall be obliged to communicate and assign the same to the

trustee, for behoof of all the creditors, before he draws any

dividend.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

24 p

Oaths of arc. ditors may be taken before any judge ordinary, or justice of peace.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. [1783.

(Vid, That the oaths of verity wppn debts required by this act, may be taken before any judge ordinary or justice of the peace; and where any creditor is out of the kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or is under age, or incapable to give an Oath, in all such cases an oath of credulity by the agent, factor, guardian, or other manager, taken in the same manner, shall be sufficient; which baths, either by the party himself, or any other person acting for him, shall not supersedc the necessity of, bringing legal evidence of riie debt, if the same is objected to as unliquidated, and where such evidence appears to be necessary in the circumstances of the case; and further declaring, that no fee shall be paid by any creditor to the clerks of court, or any person whatsoever, for an oath of verity or credulity as to the debt claimed being due, or for production of the interest or grounds of debt of any creditor, unless the debt claimed on exceeds the sum of ten pounds lawful money, of Great Britain.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore meeting may said, That four fifths in value of the creditors convened, either

chute toree the meeting Vvhen the trustee is chosen, or at any subsequent creditors, who (vit k. tossed k 'r.

may unpower the trustee to compound all doubtful Claims of the bankrupt against others.

meeting, shall be entitled to choose any three of the creditors, at

whose sight, and with whose consent, or with the consent ofj any two of them, the trustee shall be impoweted to compound and transact, either by submission or by private comprotnife, all doubtful claims which the bankrupt may have against others, or all debts due to the estate out of the other bankrupt subjects, and likewise ajl doubtful claims or demands made against the estate, where the sum claimed upon in this last case does not exceed fifty pounds sterling, but not the order of ranking and

Jireference of that or any other debt upon the estate; and the ame majority may exempt the trustee from being liable for omillions, and may declare whether or how far he shall be liable for attorneys or factors appointed by him.

XL. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at the expiration of three years from the date of the sequestration, any of the personal effect of the bankrupt, or any debts, whether heritable or movable, due to him, remain still unuplisted, it shall be in the power of four fifths of the creditors in number and value, convened at any general meeting advertised for the purpose, to direct that such remaining debts and effects be sold off by public auction, upon three months previous notice published in the two Edinburgh newspapers before mentioned, the sale either to be in whole or in lots, as a majority in value of the creditors shall direct.

XLI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the debtor s estate surplus of every debtor's estate real or personal, that may rtf'1 be mad main after payment of his debts, and of the expense incurred in carrying this act into execution, shall be paid or made over to the debtor, or to his assignees or successors.

XLII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at any period after the sequestration, and before the final distrii butionj it shall be competent; for the bankrupt, with concur e ' rence

effects, cor the bank rupt, remaining three years after the date of sequestration, to be sold by public auction.

Surplus of

over to him.

Bankrupt with concurrence of trustee, and four

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. 241;

rence of the trustee, and four fifths of the creditors in member fifths of ere and value, who have produced and proved their debts as be fore, to apply to the court of session, or to the lord ordinary on £naj diitribu the bills in' time of vacation, for a personal protection from di tien, apply to ligence for such time as the court or the lord ordinary shall the court for think reasonable; and the same being once obtained, shall be Phonal pro renewed, if applied for in name of the bankrupt, with consent duizencei11^ of the trustee alone, unless any of the creditors oppose it; in which case, the consent of four fifths of the creditors in number and value shall be required, as before; declaring always, that in this and all other cases, where consent of creditors, both

in number and value, is required, creditors "whose debts are under twenty pounds sterling shall not be counted in the number, though they are to be counted in the value.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That amj>^it shall be competent to four fifths in number and value same concur of the creditors, reckoned as before, at any time after the pe rence, after riod of the second dividend, to concur with the bankrupt in a petition to the court of session, praying that he may be held as Jay ^tition finally discharged of all his debts contracted before the applies the court to tien (or sequestration, so far as the same may aflfcct his person, be discharged or any personal estate to be acquired by him after the date of of hit debts, the discharge; and this petition being intimated upon the wall, affc6t his pe and in the two Edinburgh newspapers before mentioned, the son, or hisfu court shall, 'at the distance of not less than three months there ture personal after, resume the cottsideration thereof; and if no objechon is ea*atc* made, they shall pronounce an act, or order, in terms of the prayer of the petition; but if appearance is made by any of the creditors, objeding the discharge ought not to be granted, on account of the bankrupt's not having made a fair discovery and surrender of his estate, or that he has refused to grant a disposition to the trustee, as ordered by the court, or has wilfully not attended the diets of examination, or has been guilty of any collusion, or that his bankruptcy did not arise from innocent misfortunes, or losses in business, but from culpable or undue conduit, the court shall judge of these objections, and allow a proof of them, if it is thought necessary, and shall either grant or refute the discharge, as the nature and justice of the case may require; the bankrupt always taking an oath before the court, or upon commission, when judgement is pronounced in his fayour, and before the ad can be extracted, that he has faithfully complied with all the requisites of the Statute, and has used no ondue influence, nor had recourse to any compromifo with his creditors, or any of them, to obtain their concurrence; and if it shall appear that there has been any futh cotapromise or private transaction between the bankrupt and any of his creditors, the same is hereby declared tet be unlawful; and no action shall lie upon any bill, or other securhy granted in con fcqtience thereof.

xuvi: Provided always, Thai If the bankrupt 0i*h at any Sucbdif

time afterwatds eitherifet o an equipage, or become peffcfled qharge woetd i rn r o. q proud any

*4*

heritable property, or equipage, he may acquire before his debts are paid.

Allowances to be made to bankrupts.

Sederunt book to contain a record of the proceedings of the trustee, C

Any sequestration left unfinished at the end of a session, 'the lord ordinary

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. [1783.

of heritable property, by succession or otherwise, before he has paid all his debts, such equipage Or property shall be liable to be attached by all or any of his creditors, whether prior or subsequent to the discharge, as if no such discharge had taken place; and the same shall only be effectual to protea his person or other effeas.

XLV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the bankrupt shall obtain a final discharge, it shall be in the power of four fifths of the creditors in number and value, reckoned as before, convened at any meeting the reafter, to make him an allowance of three percent. upon the net funds divided, but not exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds sterling in all, if the dividends amount to less than ten Shillings in the pound of the debts, as they (food at the period of the sequestration; and five percent. but not exceeding the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds sterling in all, if they amount to ten Shillings, and under twelve Shillings and sixpence*seven and an half percent, but not exceeding three hundred pounds sterling in all, if they amount to twelve Shillings and sixpence, and under fifteen Shillings; or ten percent. but not exceeding the sum of four hundred pounds sterling in all, if the dividends amount to fifteen Shillings in the pound, or upwards; the said allowance to be calculated on the net amount of the sums re speaively to be divided; and in making the several dividends, the trustee shall have in view to dedua so much from each ai shall leave a fund on hand for' answering this allowance, in ale it shall afterwards take place; and if the allowance shall in the end be refused, a final dividend shall be made thereof among the creditors; declaring always, that preferable creditors who are fully secured, shall not be counted either in the question about the allowance, or in applying for the personal protection pr the discharge.

XLVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sederunt book before mentioned shall contain a full record of all the proceedings of the trustee, minutes of general meetings, states of accounts, fehemes of division, and all other matters relative to the trust; another duplicate of the whole papers and proceedings, ingossed in the said book, shall be fub icribed by the trustee, and within fourteen days after the proceedings take place, or the casts, schemes, and accounts, are made out, shall be transmitted by him to the clerk to the sequestration in the court of session, to lie among the records of court; and the said book of sederunt, and the bankrupt's books and papers, and whole other papers in the trustee's hands, shall at all times be made patent to any creditor who desires to see the same.

XLVII. And be fit enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any application for sequestration shall be made to the court of session when sitting, and anything shall be left undone at the end of anp'faflfafltty the waotof time, the lord ordinary on the bill is hceeby*uthorized and required to do everything; necessvy

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. 243

leceflary in execution of this a ft during the vacation, that he on the bills to s empowered to do when the petition for sequestration is origi lally presented to him; and in like manner, when the applica me' ion for sequestration is made to the lord ordinary on the bills n time of vacation, and anything is to be done in time of session, the court shall proceed therein in the same way as if the petition had been originally presented to themselves.

XLVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Court of fef if any appeal shall be taken against any order or interlocutor of fion pending the court of session, or against any act or order of the lord ordi make or nary upon he bills, in the execution of this at, it shall be law ders for pre full and competent to the said court in time of session, and lord venting em ordinary on the bills in time of vacation, notwithstanding such bezzlemept appeal, to make such orders, and dire such proceedings, ^estate.^1 shall appear to be expedient for preventing the estate of the debtor from being embezz)ed, iecreted, damaged, or delapi dated, while the appeal is pendent.

XLIX. And be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any petition for sequestration under the autho On death of my of this act is presented, it shall be competent for any other*creditor creditor to concur therein, and to follow forth the same, even peril

without the consent or after the death of the creditor or creditors originally petitioning; and the expense disbursed therein questration, shall be repaid by the factor or trustee, out of the first end of any other cre the debtor's estate, to the creditor or creditors by whom the lame is disbursed; and if the bankrupt shall happen to die in the mean time, the proceedings under this act shall not with (landing be carried on and followed out to their conclusion, as if he were in life.

L And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall Court of fef and may be lawful for the court of session to establish such fur Aon may elta there regulations as shall appear to them most proper for carry bhfli further ing this act into effectual execution according to the true in fof executing tent thereof, and to publish the same in any act or acts of this act. sederunt, which shall be in force in so far as is congftent with tbiiaft.

LI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at Meeting of the meeting held as aforesaid for appointing a trustee on the creditors may bankrupts estate, or any subsequent meeting called for the pur ?pj?°*nt a pose, it is determined by a majority of creditors in value, that countable to the estate ought to be vested in a factor accountable to the court the court of of session, and not in the person of a trustee; the person choseq session. by the majority in value aforesaid shall be, by the court of session'lord ordinary on the bills, appointed a factor on the said estate, and shall be vested in the same, and obliged to manage, recover, fell, and dispose of the same, and to divide the'proceeds thereof, in the same way and manner as the trustee is directed by this act, and under such regulations as the court of session may think proper to lay down (or his conduct; and the bankrupt may also in fuel case be discharged, and entitled to

th

*44

This act to extend to women, See,

Auctions under this act not liable o any duties.

Sequestrations obtained under the act iz Geo. 3. to continue in fprce six months after the com qnencement of this act during which time, creditors may apply to the court of fef iioki, in order to have the sequestration renewed.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 18. [1781.

the same allowances and privileges, and subject to the fain

conditions as aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that this act shall be construed by all judges in the most bene ficial manner for promoting the ends hereby intended; and tha the same shall be extended to all women as well as men, win fall under the description before recited.

LIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatw rates or duties imposed by any Statutes upon estates or effect sold by auction, shall be exigible upon any estates or effects, real or personal, sold under the authority of this act.

LIV. And whereas doubts may arise, whether any proceedings an he held on the sequestrations that have been awarded under the fai act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, m1 tinned by that of the twentieth year of his present Majesty, after tk same expires; for removing all such doubts, it is hereby enacta and declared by the authority aforesaid, That where any f questration has been or shall be obtained under the said late ad, before it expires, the same shall continue in foret for six months after the commencement of this present act; during which time it shall be lawful and competent for any creditor whose debt amounts to the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, or any two creditors whose debts amount to the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds sterling, or any three or more creditors whose debts amount to the sum of two hundred pounds sterling, or upwards, or to the bankrupt himself, with consent of oneor more of such creditors, to apply, by summary petition, to the court of session, or the lord ordinary upon the bills in vacation, representing that the said bankrupt is a merchant, or otherwifl under the description of this present act, and therefore praying to have the sequestration renewed, with the addition of all lands and other heritable subjects belonging to the bankrupt within Scotland; and upon production of their grounds of debt, and making oath as required in other cases of sequestration under this act, the same regulations shall be followed out as if there had been no previous sequestration of the said bankrupt's personal effects, but saving any right which the creditors have acquired by the said former sequestration; arrd in case fhecreditors (half name a new factor or trustee under this present act, the former factor or trustee shall be obliged to denude in his fayour, and convey and deliver all effects, moneys, papers, books, documents, and writings, of every kind, in his hands, in any (htrpe relating to the sequestrated estate, to the said new hitoc or trustee, for behoof of the creditors; and if the case does not fill within the description of this present act, it shall be lawful and competent for any one or more of the creditors, but hot for the bankrupt himself, to apply to the said court, or lord ordinary bn the bills, by summary petition, within the said time, praying that the sequestrattort of the perform! eflfeft* ifhafl still sublist, and be carried on' under ftjch regulations zi the chart

shall

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 19.

iall think proper to devise or appoint, confidently with the eneraj plan of the said late act of parliament; and to the ffe& of obtaining an equal distribution of such personal estate, 1 terms of the said late aft; which the court, or lord ordinary, nay allow, unless sufficient cause is shown to the contrary.

LV. And whereas it bath been found* by experience that so much f the aid act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Wajejiy, as relates to bills and promissory notes hath been of great idvantage to the trade and commeree of that part of Great Britain ailed Scotland, be it therefore enacted, That so much, and och part of the said act, shall be, and the tame is hereby made >erpetual: and that all thd powers, authorities, and regulations ontained in this act, for rendering the payment of creditors nore equal and expeditious, shall take place and have continue ince, from and after the expiration of this present iession of Btrliament, and from thence for and during the term of seven ears, and from thence to the end of the then next session of Mtfliament, and no longer.

So much of the alt is Geo. t. C 71. felt. 36. as relates to bills and promissory notes, made perpetual.

Commencement and continuance of this act

XIX

An act for repealing an act, made in the last session of parliament, for compelling John whitehall esquire to return into this kingdom, and for other purposes; and for vesting in the said John whitehall his estate and effects forfeited in consequence of the said act; and for restraining him from going out of this kingdom for a limited time; and/or discovering hit estate and estes, and preventing the transporting or ahsnat* log the lame.

Recital of a Geo. 3. c. 69. The recited act repealed. AH proceedings upon the former act declared void, and Mr. whitehall restored to his gate, he Mr. whitehall retrained from going out of the kingdom before Feb 1, 1784. and to enter into recognisance for that purpose with metissu In case he neglect to enter into such recognisance, barons of he exchequer may commit him to the Fleet; and it he leave the kin lom before Feb 1. 1784., he and his assistants therein shall forfeit their dtares. John whitehall esquire, within thirty days alter passing this act, o deliver into the court of exchequer, on oath, two particulars of his auds, tenements, goods. C Barons of the exchequer to deliver one ibphcate of the particulars to the speaker of the house of lords, and the there to the speaker of the house of commons. If the particulars shall appear evafire or unfati&faltary, C the barons of the exchequer are to xamioe the persons delivering the same. In default of attendance upon wy summohs from the said barons, they may issue their warrant for ap vebendine the defaulter; who, on refusing to be examined, kc. shall be onuoittea. Persons detaining any part of the property of John white uu« eft or able to give information concerning the same, and who (halt efufe to come before the said barons, See when lawfully summoned, shall X committed. John whitehall. esq; di fabled from aliening or i nc umber ag his real estate until Feb. 1, 1784. $ and also from assigning his personal ulr, except for subsistence of himself and family, or paying jnft debts reotraftrd before April 99, 178s, and except perishable goods, and fb noch as will indemnify his sureties in 20, 0001. This all not to disable |oha whitehall, esq; from disposing of his estate or effects in case he shall e before Feb. i, 1784. If John whitehall, esq; shall, before Feb. 1, 1784, convey any of his moneys or effects out of the realm (except as is tseepted,) be and his aiders therein shall be punished at felons. Penalty os persons who oiau conceal any estate belonging to John whitehall, esq; Allowance to be made to persons making discovencs of any estate or

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 20, 21. [1783.

[Publick act.]

effects concealed, 20 percent, if abroad) at 10 percent at home. E India company to send an authenticated copy of the particulars delivered into the court of exchequer, to the supreme court of judicature in Beni gal, C allowanc^to persons, making discovery of concealed estates or effects in India, 20 percent. Penalty on persons in India who shall firh Crete anyreltate, real or personal, after six calendar months, treble value, one moiety to the east-india company, the other to the prosecutor Forfeited estates, dec. to be paid into the exchequer.

CAP. XX.

An act for building a near hire hall and guild hall for the county of Salop, and the town of Shrewsbury, in the said county 5 and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

The expenses to be raised by rates on the county of Salop, and the towa and liberties of Ludlow, not exceeding? s. 4 d. in the pound to be paid is V three years from March 25, 17831 and to be under the diredioo of the justices of the peace for the county of Salop, and th commissioners of tbs land tax for the same county, and for the town of Ludlow in the hid county) and also of the justices of the peace, and such aldermen of tbs

town of Shrewsbury as are qualified to ad al commissioneys of land tax for the county at large, and the justices of thp several corporations witbis the said county who are appointed commimoners to put this act in ex cution.

CAP. XXI.

An act for granting a bounty upon the exportation c/british on! Irish buckrams and fillet ti British Irish British

ecdlitoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain.

WHEREAS the manufacture of linen, calicoes, and or cotton mixed with linen, and the printing, ing, and dying thereof, would be greatly improved, and the expects tien thereof to foreign parts increased, if a bounty met

allowed on the exportation of all British and Irish buckrams and till' lettings, British and Irish linens, British calicoes and cottons, or attonne mixed with linen, of a certain value, printed, or dyed, in Great Britain: may it therefore please yopr Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Jords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there

wind on ex ^all be even and paid, without any fee, reward, or deduction portation of whatsoever, a bounty for every yard of British and buck british and rams and tillettings, and for every yard of British or Irifi Irish buck linen, and of British calicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with letting, C l'nen> printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Brim, printed! stain f the breadth of twenty-five inches or more, which, before the CD or dyed in printing, painting, staining, or dying thereof, shall be under the g brir.in. va|ue of five pence per yard, the sum of one halfpenny and of;5 °*°' C the value°f five pence per yard, and under the value of sixpence per yard, the sum of one penny $ and of the value of sixpence

*47

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. t 23.

pence per yard, apd not exceeding the value of eight pence per yard, the turn of one penny halfpenny; which; from and after the passing of this act, untfl the twenty-eighth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be exported out of Great Britain, to Africa, America Spain, Portugal, gibraltar, or the East Indies, in the same manner, and under the like provisions, conditions, limitations, penalties, and forfeitures, as are mentioned and contained in an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his late majesty's reign, (intituled An act for granting a bounty upon certain specits of British and Irish linens exported; and taking off the duties on toe importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax,) touching the bounties thereby given upon the linens therein mentioned to be exported.

CAP. XXII.

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers — — to Sep. i, 1783-

[Preamble.]

Act 3 Geo. y. recited. Deedc and wills of papists, C made face Sept.9, 1717, to be good in law, if enrolled before Sept. 1, 1783. This act not to extend to deeds, &c. the validity whereof has been brought in question before Jan. 1, 1783. Purchases made by protestants not to be avoided, on account of the title deeds not having been enrolled, &c. This act not to make good any grant of the right of presentation to any benefice, &c. in trust for any papist.

---

CAP. XXIII.

An act to prevent prisoners in the King's Bench prison or the rules thereof, or their families or servants gaining settlements in the parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the borough of Southwark, and county of Surrey; and for the relief of the said parish, with respect to the families of prisoners in the said King's Bench, or the Marshalsea prison, or in the county goal, or house of correction belonging to the said county; for regulating the manner of chusing overseers of the poor; and for appointing collectors of the poor's rates, within the said parish.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS there are situate within the parish of Saint George the Martyr in Southwark, in the county of Surrey, the following prisons (videlicet,) the King's Bench prison, the prison of his Majesty's palace court, called The Marshalsea, the common goal of the said county of Surrey, called The new goal, and the house of correction for the said county, called The new Bridewell: And whereas the rules of the said King's Bench prison extend over the whole of the said parish, except a small part thereof; and great numbers of prisoners are permitted to live out of though said prison, but within the said rules; many of whom, with large families and in distressed circumstances, rent houses, or parts of house, or lodgings ready-furnished, which making them liable to be rated, and

248 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23. [1783.

to pay parish rates and taxes, they would thereby gain settlements, and many of which prisoners and their families have become chargeable to the said parish, and of course heavy and grievous burdens on the inhabitants: and whereas many persons gain settlements in the said parish, by living as yearly hired servants with prisoners residing within the said prison, or the said rules, several of which servants being women of bad character, become, together with their bastard children, chargeable to the said parish:

[The families of prisoners in the several prisons become chargeable to the parish.]

---

and whereas the families of persons being prifiners in the marthauet prison, county goal, 'or house of 1 correction, are frequently font from the find prisons Jkk, 'or otherwise cometcharge to the overseers of the poor of the did parish/for rthe/

able to the dare by them supported, and, when able, removed to their rtfpet five places of settlemont, if the same can be found out which brings many heavy expenses on the said parish, some of such places of settlement having proved to he at very great distances from the said parish: and whereas the fiveral extraordinary expenses before mentioned greatly enhance the distress of the foetid parish, the poor of which are very numerous, and the inhabitants chiefly tenants at rack relit, and very heavily taxed in all respects \ the said parish, being the great avenue to London, raw Portsmouth, Poyer, and ether ports, many travellers, and poor per sins of eatery description, Jiop and lodge in the said parish, in houses let by the oukers or occupiers thereof intenements, or in pareels, to under tenants, or in lodgings or separote etpartments vjhereby the number of casual poor are much encreajti: and whereas the poor of the said parish, both in and out of the workhouse, might be more properly employed and maintained, if the whole number of overseers of the poor were not to be appointed at one and the same time in every year $ and as the business of collecting the money on the poor's rates within the said parish requires more than ordinary attendance and diligence, it would be a great relief to the inhabitants ferinng the laborious office of over Jeer, and might be a moans of the said fates being more jlrtcfly collected, if power ms 1 given to the vejlry of the said parish to appoint collectors of the poors rates, wherefore, for the relief and convenience of the said parish, may it please yourjmfcjesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the ring's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent erf the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of thefarpe, That, from and after the gafllogof thisas; King's Bench, no person or persons whomsoevei* now a prifoi>er or prisoners, or rules, not or w|10 (j^ll hereafter become a prison or prisoners in the memsinst*" King's Bench prison, or the rules thereof, shall gain or bead George's pa judged or deemed to gain a settlement in the said parish of Saint ri(h, by means George the Martyr, in the borough of sout/swari, in the county of renting cf Surrey, by renting a house, 'part of a house, lodging, furnish

lod^tagtt, or €c* r unfurnhhed, or any other premises whatsoever, within the said parish, or by being rated to and paying any rates or taxes for the same, vyhilft, he, (he. or they shall be such prisoner or prisoners; nor shall any person or persons gain, or be adjudged pr deemed to gain, a settlement within the said parish, by or by reason or on account of living, or having lived or redded

Prisoners in

being rated to the poor; nor their servants.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23.' 249

sided with any prisoner or prisoners, within the said prison, or (he rules thereof, as or in the capacity of a hired servant; any law, Statute, usage, or cuitorn, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever any person or Relief given persons, being a prisone % or prisoners in the said prison of the by the pariftf King's Bench, or the rules thereof, or in the prison of the Mar to famine of Jbalpjj or any person or persons being a part of, or be longing to the family of any such prisoner, or being a servant King's Bench or servants to any such prisoner, shall be relieved or supported, ormarftiaisea, or removed to their respective places of settlement, by the said to be repaid parish of Saint George the Martyr, 8r shall become anyways re"

burdensome to the said parish, all such charges and expenses nfoeij* as shall be actually incurred and paid by the overseers of the (poor, or vestry of the said parish, on any of the above accounts, shall be born and repaid to the said overseers by the respective parishes and places to which they shall belong; and shall and may to be recover be, by them or either of them, recovered of arid* from any over dcb^&c* leer of the poor of the vespective parish or place, by action of 0 C*debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ or within the city of London, to be commenced and prosecuted by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the said parish, or one of then!; in which action or salt no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or move than ond itnparlalice, shall be allowed; every account of such charges and expenses being first examined and signed by a justice of the peace, acting in and for the eastern half hundred of Brixton, and borough of southtoari, in the county of Surrey, cot being an inhabitant of the said parish.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Reliefgiven fons, belonging to, or being part of the family of any prisoner by the paritfi or prisoners in the said county goal or house of correction, or to the tamiiidi any child or children, born irt either of the said prisons, shall the count? become chargeable to the said parish, either for relief or main goal, or houte tenance, or to be removed to their settlement all charges and ot correction, expenses incurred by the said parish shall be repaid to the over to be repaid seers of the poor of the said parish, by the treasurer of the said fuyrev o( the" county of Surrey, out of the money belonging to the said county, out of county; and in order thereto, the overseers of the poor of the the county said parish shall, once in every year, or oftener if they shall rtocic* think fit, make out a clear and particular account, in writing, of such expenses as shall, to the time of making out such account, have been incurred and paid, or provided for by the overseers of the poor of the said parish, on account of the respective persons who shall have been so relieved or fupj^rted by the said parish, or removed from thence to, their places of settlement; which account the said overseers shall, after signing the same, lay before two of the justices of the peace for the eastern half hundred of Brixton, and borough of Southwark, in the said county of Surrey, not being inhabitants of the said parish, who hull, and are hereby required upon application being made to.

250 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23. [1783.

them for that purpose, inspect such account, and, if they think it necessary, examine the said overseers, or any of them, or their books or accounts, touching any the charges in the account laid before them; and unless the said account shall appear to such, to be fraudulent or unreasonable, they shall immediately figrt and allow the same; which account, being produced and delivered to the treasurer for the said county for the time being, shall be a sufficient warrant and authority to him for paying the full sum therein contained, and which he is hereby required to pay on demand; all which sums of money, fotobe from time to time paid, shall be allowed in account to him, as treasurer for the said cobfty of Surrey.

The owner of

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and

divided houses persons, whether owner, lessee, landlord, renter, or tenant,

ablevor the" et ^ls or ^cr ou ynement> or ot^cr premises,

within the said parish ready furnished, or in pareels, or fepa

fate apartments, or in lodgings furnished, or unfurnished, shall be deemed the occupier thereof, and shall be subject to be rated to and pay the poor's rates, and all other parochial rates and taxes of the said parish; which rate or rates, assessment or af feflinents, shall be paid by the person or persons renting or oc cupying any such ready furnished house, or any such parcel or separate appartments, or ready furni(bed lodgings; and the person or persons, occupier or occupiers, of whom the same shall be demanded, is and are hereby authorised and required to pay such sum and sums of money as shall be so rated oraf sessed upon the owner, lessee, landlord, renter, or tenant, and so deduct the same out of his, her, or their respective relit t>r rents; and such owner, lessee, landlord, renter or tenant, is and are hereby respectively required to allow such payment uporuthe receipt of the residue of his, her, or their respective relit or rents; and every such person or persons, occupier or occupiers, paying such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall be acquited and discharged of and for lo much of his, her, or their relit or rents as the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so paid by him, her, or thfcm, shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the person or persons to whom his or her relit shall be due and payable; and in default of payment of the said rate or rates, afleit mentor assessments, the same shall be and remain a charge upon the premises in respect whereof the same shall be so rated or assessed, and shall or may be recovered of and from such owner, jeltee, landlord, renter, or tenant, respectively, by action of debt, bill, plairn, or information, in any of bi majesty's courts of record at lyejlminjltr, or in the court of rec^uefts held in the row#4nd borough of Southwark, in the county of Surry to be commenced and prosecuted by the churchwardens and overseed of the poor of the said parish for the time being, or one of them; in which action or suit no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23. 251

V. And be it further enacted, That on Easter Tuesday, one Manner of thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the inhabitants of appointing the said parish of Saint George the Martyr, aflerpbled in vestry, 9verfeera in shall nominate four substantial householders to serve the officeuture' of overseer of the poor of the said parish, and shall cause a list of the names of the said^bur persons: be delivered to the justices of the peace acting in and for the eastern half hundred of Brixttti, and borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey in the next ensuing petty session, for their appointment of two of the said four persons to be overseers of the poor of the said parish; who shall continue in their said office until Eaficf Tuesday, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and until the petty session then next following, when two others shall, be appointed in manner aforesaid, to act in their (leads: provided nevertheless, that twos* the present overseers, videlicet;

Joshua Lee, and Alexander Charnley, shall continue in their said office of overseer until two others are appointed at the time herein after mentioned, and no longer; and that on the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the inhabitants of the said parish in vestry assembled, shall nominate four substantial househblders of the said parish to serve the office of overseer of the poor of the said parish for the

!ear ensuing, and shall cause a list of such four persons to be delivered to the said justices at tjj^ir next petty session, who (halt appoint two of the four so nominated, so be overseers in the loom of the said Joshua Lte^ and Alexander Charnley $ provided that notice shall be given in the said parish church, on the Sunday next before Easter Tuesday, and the twenty ninth day of September, in every year, for the inhabitants to meet in vestry on Easter Tuesday, and the twenty-ninth day of September, annually for the purpose of choosing overseers of the poor of the said parish; and that for the future the overseers of the poor of the said parish shall continue to be nominated and appointed at the times, and in manner as is herein before directed, and, not otherwise; provided always, That if the twenty-ninth day of September shall happen to be on a Sunday, then the nomination to be on the next day; and that if no petty session shall be h?ld within one month after Easter Tuesday> or within one month after the twenty*ninth day of September respectively, any two justices, dwelling within or near the said parish shall, upon being applied to for that purpose, appoint two persons out of each list, as directed by this act to be made, to be overseers of the poor of the said parish for the year ensuing; and if any overseer shall die, or remove out of the said parish, the said justices may, on application as aforesaid, appoint another in the room of him so deceased or removed; and that all overseers of the poor of the said parish so chosen, shall be subject to the several laws refating to the office of overseer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for tile vestry reftor, churchwardens, overseers of the poor, and vestrymen of naay appoint the said parish of Saint George the Martyr, or the major part of

*5*

collectors of the poor's rates.

Collectors to account.

If thry refuse to account, C may be commuted.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23. [1783.

them, at a public meeting to be held for that purpose, such major part not being, less than nine, and they are hereby fully authorised and empowered, from time to time, as they shall think fit, to choose and appoint one or more fit person or persons to be collector or collectors of the poor's rates of the said parish, and such collector and collectors is and are hereby authorised and empowered to collect and levy the same accordingly; and for the better enabling him or them so to do, it shall be lawful for such collector and collectors to execute all such warrants of distress as shall be granted or issued from time to time by the justices of the peace, against the person or persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said rates, in the same manner, and as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as overseers of the poor, by any law or laws, can or may execute like warrant for recovering the aftefted for the relief of the poor; and the said vestry, or the major part of them as aforesaid, aft any such meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall and may, from time to time, as they think fit, remove any such person or persons from being collector or collect rs of the said rates, and appoint another or other person or persons in his or their room or head; and shall and may, out of such rates, make such allowance to the collector and collectors, for his and their trouble in collecting the lame, either by way of salary or poundage, as the said vestry, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall think fit, so as such poundage do not exceed sixpence in the pound; and they are hereby required to take sufficient security of every such collector, for the faithful accounting for all such moneys as he shall receive by virtue of his said office; and such collector and collectors shall, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to collect the said rates, when and as often as any rate or assessment shall be made for that pu pose, and from time to time to pay over such moneys so by them respectively collected, into the hands of the overseers of the poor of the said parish, or any two of them, to be applied for the benefit and relief of the poor of the said parish; and the said collectors shall respectively make up and render to the said vestry, four times in every year, or oftener, if thereunto required, a full, true, and perfect account, upon oath (which oath the said vestry, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer) of all the moneys so collected and received by them respectively; if fuel) collector or collectors shall refuse or neglect to give in a just account as aforesaid, or to pay the moneys remaining in his or their hands in the manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace for theeaftern half hundred of Brixton, and borough o( Scutkwarit, in the said county of Surrey, upon complaint made to them by any cne of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the said parish, and proof thereof by any one or more of them, upon oath (which oath the said justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) by warrant under their hands and seals, to commit such collector or collectors to the common goal.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23.53

there to remain, without hail or mainprize, until he or they Hull have made a true account, and until such money, as upon the said account shall appear to he remaining in his or their hands, shall be paid and fannied by such collector or collectors, or by his or their security or fcounties, or shall have compounded for the same, and hive paid lucn C unpofirion money unto the over icers of the poor of the said panih appointed as aforesaid; which competition the said vcitry, or ihe major part of them as aforesaid, are hereby impo* tied to make.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the charges and ex Expenses of, pence in and about procuring and patting this act, shall be th»^£l^u>w forthwith paid by the ovtrleeis of the poor of the said parish to al

of Saint George the Martyr, out of any panih money now in, or hereafter to come into their hands, which shall be allowed in their account.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no nomination, ap Writings to pointment, order, judgement conviction, warrant, or other be w, thuut writing, whatsoever, relating to the execution of or in purfu ampi ance of this act, shall be changeable wnh any lamp duty whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no action or suit shall Limitation of

commenced or brought agaiml any person or persons for any a^lons*

thing donein; urfuance of thi> a, or of any of the powers hereby given, or anyways in 'elation to the prsmiles, until twenty-one days notice shall have been ihcrcbf given m writing to the veory clerk of the said parish, nor after faiistacl on or tender of amends shall have been made; and every such action or suit shall! be commenced and brought within ihe (pace of six calendar months next after the cause of complaint shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the county of Surrey % and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, shall and may lead the general ittue, and give General issue. this act, and the special mvrer, in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon: and if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this actor that such action or suit shall be brought before twenty-one days notice being given as aforesaid, or after the time herein before limited in that behalf, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon fu^h verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or pi unt.fifs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have and be Treble colt, entitled to the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

---

[Inhabitants deemed competent witnesses.]

X Provided always, That in all such actions or suits any of the inhabitants of the said parish, whose evidence may be necessary, shall be, and are hereby declared to be competent witnesses, notwithstanding they may be charged to and pay any of the rates or taxes within the said parish.

254. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 24. [1783.

[Publick act.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be taken and allowed in all courts of justice as a publick act; and all judges and justices are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for continuing an act, made in this session of parliament, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; so far as the same relates to the realm of Great Britain.

---

WHEREAS an act was made in this present session of parliament, (intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters,) which is to continue in force within the realm of Great Britain from the twenty-fourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one rthousand seven hundred and eighty A hree, until the twenty-fifth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; And whereas it is judged necessary by his Majesty, and this present parliament, that a body of forces Should be continued for the Jojety of this kingdom, the defence of the possessions of the crown*of Great Britain, and the preservation of the balance of power m Europe; and that the whole number of such forces Should confijl of forty-one thousand seven hundred and fifty five effective men, inched ing four thousand one hundred and fifty five invalids: And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subje fled in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or itj any other manner than by the judgement of his peers, and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it is re quifitey for the retaining all the before mentioned forces in their duty, that an exafl discipline be observed, and that soldiers, who shall mutiny or stir up sedition, or shall defer t his Aftajefiy's service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Jords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the raid aft, and every clause, matter, and thing therein contained, shall be and continue in force, within the realm of Great Britain, from the twenty fourth day of April, in the year of our tinned, within Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, until the Great Britain, twenty-fifth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were repeated and re enacted in the body of this present act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any articles of war, which his Majesty hath formed, made, and established, by virtue of the powers given to him by the said act, shall be and remain in full force, within the realm of Great Britain,

Cap. t7, of

the p dent feivioii, con

imtil June 25 »7*3

and also the artiac* ot war.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 25, — 27;

Britain, until the said twenty-fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

CAP. XXV.

t

An act to enable the corporation of the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, to sell their taxes of certain lands within the middle and south levels, part of the said great level, which have been or may be dug for turf; and to apply the money arising from such sale, towards discharging the bond debts of the said corporation upon account of those levels.

[Public act.]

Ad 15 Car. s. C 17. recited. Recital of an act so Car. s. C 8. for taxing 83roooo acres (parcel of the 95, 000) by a gradual acre tax, and 12, 000 acres at a medium of such tax. The lands set out into 11 forts or degrees, according to which the same have since been taxed. The great level divided into three parts. By an act7 Geo. 1. c. 19. the north level separated from the middle and south levels. By 29 Geo. 2. c. 9. new bonds directed to be given by the corporation for the debt of 28, 4401. reduced to 27, 440b due on account of the middle and south levels. By i Geo. 3. the corporation empowered to borrow further sums on account of those levels. 44, 0001. The debt of the corporation, on account of those levels, now 3 5.8001. Part of the taxed lands cut for turf, and other parts are fit for that purpose. The corporation empowered to tell the taxes of such lands as have been, or may be cut for turf, to the owners of such l*nd*. The money to be applied towards discharging the debts of the corporation on account of the middle and south level.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to repeal so much of two acts, made in the sixteenth and (even teenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, as prohibits trade and intercourse with the United States of America. X

16 Geo. 3. cap. 5. and 17 Geo. 3. cap. 7. so far as they prohibit trade and intercgurle with the united states of America, or to authorise hofti lilies against them, after the periods set forth in the king's proclamation dated reb. 14, 1783, repeajgd.

CAP. XXVII.

An a to ascertain and establish the boundaries of and between the hospital of Bridewell and the precnift thereunto belonging, and the parish of Saint Ann Blackfriars, in the cuy of London, as therein ipeemed.

Recital of a Geo. 3. c. 77. and 29 Geo. 1. for building Black Friars Bridge. Agreement of the veltiy of Saint Ann's, on Nov. 27, 178s, That in future, the centre of New Bridge Street, from Bride Lane northward, extending towards the louth along the centre of the said (treet, to the centre of the foot of the north side of Black Friais1 Bridge, including the flairs on the west side of the lame street, Should be the ooundary between the said parish and bridewhi Hospital and Precinct. By agreement of the vestry of Bridewell Preempt, on Dec. 3, 1732, the same boundaries were aftcnted to; and by orders of a general court, on Dec. s8, 1781, the same boundaries were confirmed.

256 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28 [1783.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for removing and preventing all doubts which have arisen, or might arise, concerning the exclusive rights of the parliament and courts of Ireland, in matters of legislation and judicature; and for preventing any writ of error or appeal from any of his Majesty's courts in that kingdom from being received, heard, and adjudged, in any of his Majesty's courts in the kingdom of Great Britain.

[Preamble. 22 Geo. 3. c. 53. recited.]

WHEREAS, by an act of the last session of this present parliament, (intituled An act to repeal an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the better securing the dependency of the kingdom of Ireland upon the crown of Great Britain,) it was enacted That the said last mentioned act, and all matters and things therein contained, Should be repealed: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the provisions of the said act are sufficient to secure to the people of Ireland the rights claimed by them to be bound only by laws enacted by his Majesty and the parliament of that kingdom, in all cases whatever, and to have all actions and suits at law or in equity, which may be instituted in that kingdom, decided in his Majesty's courts therein finally, and without appeal from thence: therefore, for removing all doubts respecting the same, may it please your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted; be it declared and enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[The rights claimed by the people of Ireland firmly established.]

That the said right claimed by the people of Ireland to be bound only by laws enabled by his Majesty and the parliament of that kingdom, in all cases whatever, and to have all actions and suits at law or in equity, which may be instituted in that kingdom, decided in his majesty's courts therein finally, and without appeal from thence; shall be, and it is hereby declared to be established and ascertained for ever, and shall, at no time hereafter, be questioned or questionable.

[No writ of error or appeal from the courts in Ireland, shall be received by any court in Great Britain.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no writ of error or appeal shall be received or adjudged, or any other proceeding be had by or in any of his Majesty's courts in this kingdom, in any action or suit at law or in equity, instituted in any of his Majesty's courts in the kingdom of Ireland; and that all such writs, appeals, or proceedings, shall be, and they are hereby declared null and void to all intents and purposes; and that all records, transcripts of records or proceedings, which have been transmitted from Ireland to Great Britain by virtue of any writ of error or appeal, and upon which no judgement has been given or decree pronounced before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall, upon application made by or in behalf of the party in whose favour judgement was given, or decree pronounced, in Ireland, be delivered to such party, or any person by him authorised to apply for and receive the same.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29 — 32. 257

CAP. XXIX.

An act for rendering effectual an act, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred ot Forehoe, in the county of Norfolk.

16 Geo. 3. c. 9. recited; whereby power was given to borrow II ooooi. The whole of that sum hath been borrowed, and is found inefficient for the purposes of the act. Power to borrow a further sum of 3, 000 I. Power to lay additional rates, not exceeding 1 s 3d. in the pound. Appeal against the rates. The application of the rates directed to pay the principal debt and interest, and then to cease.

CAP. XXX.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify therafelvei for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole ad millions have been omitted to be stamped according, to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide ad millions duly stamped; and to give /urtfiejr tiipe to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors — — qualify before Dec. sc, 1783, and file affidavits of articles of derkship before the last day of Michaelmas term, 1783.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the streets, lanes, yards, courts, alleys, and pastages, within the parish of Saint !Mary, at Rotherhithe, otherwise Redriffe, in the county of Surrey, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

The expenses to be defrayed by a rate pa the inhabitants, not exceeding as. 3d. in the pound per annpm; and tenants, whose leases shall not exceed seven years, to be allowed one third of the rates by their landlords. Where houses are unoccupied the owners to pay half the rates, and churches, CC and void spaces of ground, Sec. to pay not more than 6d. per square yard. Tenants paying rates may deduct the landlord's part out ot their rents; but fio agreement between landlord and tenant vacated. Commissioners may compound with parishes, bodies politic or corporate, or trustees; and may borrow 6, 0001. on annuities for lives, at not more than 10 percent, per ann. charged on the rates, clear of laud tax; and as the annuitant die the rates to be lowered

CAP. XXXII.

An act for amending an act made in the last session of parliament, for th better relief and employment of the poor of the paridi of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlesex; and for providing a proper workhouse and burial ground for the use of the said parish; and for opening certain cbrnmudications, and making certain*streets, within the said parish.

Act si Geo. 3. c. 35. recited; and so much as extends to the appointment of trustees for the relief and employment of the poor, and building a workhouse, and providing a burial ground for the said parish, repealed: but not to extend to such parts as relate to opening communications. See. The mayor, aldermen, ami recorder of the city of London, and the presidents

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 33 — 35. [1783.

fidents and treasurers Of Saint Bartholomew's, christ's, Bridewell, Bethlehem, and Saint Thomas's hospitals, the reftor, curate, churchwardens, and overseers of the poor of the said parish for the time being, with twenty-five other inhabitants of the said parish, qualified as in the act, to be annually chosen by them, to be trustees lor putting this act and the former in execution; and the qualification of trustees altered from 15l. to 121. per annum. Rates to be made for relief of the poor by the trustees, at least four times in every year, and accounts thereof to be produced at meetings, to be entered by the vestry clerk, and an abstract printed annually.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to amend and render more effectual several acts passed in the sixth, tenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable canal from the Trent to the Mersey; and a branch from the said canal to Froghall, and a railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the county of Stafford.

Act of 6 Geo. 3. for making a navigable canal from the Trent to the Merfry, recited. That, in pursuance of the said act, and two others of xo and 15 Geo. 3. the company have raised various sums, amounting in the whole to 140, 0001. (bertdes 130, 0001. by subscription araongst themselves)) have regularly paid interest to Sept. 18, 1775, at 5 percent, per ann. and from tyience to March is, 1780, is in arrear, and amounts to9, 4501. The trustee6 empowered to assign the tolls, Sec. for securing the same with interest at five percent, per ann. to be paid half yearly. Form of artignment. Recital of 16 Geo. 3. C j. for making a canal to Froghalf, and a rail way to Caldon. The company have completed the alt mentioned canal. The present railway in an inconvenient course. Power granted for making an extension of five hundred and thirty yards of the canal at Froghall, and altering the course of the railway from thence to Caldon, and to make a reservoir within three thousand yards of the south side of the summit of the said canal, at Stanley Moss. Canal to be made, pursuant to the plan, in a book of reference.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for removing certain disabilities and incapacities, occasioned by the attainder of David Ogilvy of Airly, esquire.

Act 19 Geo. C 26. whereby the said David Ogilvy taking upon himself the title of Lord Ogilvy was attainted recited. Pardon, March 30, 1778. All disabilities and incapacities, occasioned by the attainder of the said David Ogilvy, made void; sjnd he and his heirs, C enabled to hold any office under his Majesty, to inherit lands, and commence suits, chis attainder not to affect any entail or settlement, C made or grauted by or to him, or his heirs. He may sue and be sued, plead, and be impleacted, See. General laving.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for raigng a certain fiim of money by way of annuities, and for

establishing a lottery.

n, oooo, ooool. to be raised by annuities, and 480, 0001. by a lottery. Contributors to the sum of 12, 000, 0001. to be entitled to certain annuities; viz. for every 1001. contributed to 1001, annuity at 3 percent, from January 5, 1783; and5l. annuity at percent, from April 5, 178$, redeemable by parliament; and also to an annuity of 13 s. 4d. for seventy seven years, from January 5, 1783, and then to cease; which shall be charged upon a fund to be established this fertion, and collaterally on the fluking laud. Every contributor of 1,000l. shall, a pun payment of 401'more

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 36.

inoye, be entitled to four lottery tickets. Books having been opened at the bank, and deposits made, pursuant to a resolution of the house of commons, ot 15 percent. All persons who have made depoiits, required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at certain times specified viz. on the iz, oooo, ooool. 10 percent. May 30, 15 percent. June7, 10 percent. July 19, 15 percent. Aqguft9, 10 percent. September 26, 15 percent. October 31, and 10 percent. December 5. On the 480, 000 lottery,0 percent. June 3, 15 percent. July 11,0 percent. September 9, and0 percent. October 3. Subscribers to the annuities to be allowed interest for all moneys paid in advance, at 3 percent, per ann. Subscribers to the lottery, on paying in the who'e of their subscriptions, Oiall receive tickets to the amount thereof. Annuities shall be paid half yearly. Persons paying their whole contributions by July, 17*3, to receive their dividends on 3 percent, and 13s. 4d. annuities due July 5, 1783, immediately; and those not paying till January 5, 1784, when they may receive both dividends together, tax free, with other usual clauses. The 3 percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the 3 percent, confols. transferrable at the bank. The percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be guided to the same fund as the percents, granted by the lottery ab of so, si, and is Geo. 3. The annuities of 13s. 4d. per anp. for seventy seven years, to be added to the consolidated long annuities of 1, z, 4, so, and is Geo. 3. but to be paid out of the fund to be established this session. 480, 0001. to be raised by a lottery $ the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this fdlion. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 48, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets in all 16, 036: two ofofoeol» two of io, opol. three of 5, 000l. eight of s, ooool. six teen of i, ooooi. thirty of 5001. one hundred and fifty of 1001. three hundred of 50l. and fifteen thousand five hundred and twenty-five of sol. 5001. to each first drawn ticket of the first twelve days; i, ooool. to ditto the 15th day; 1, 500b to ditto the i9thaday; 2, 0901. to ditto the aid day; 3, 000l. to ditto the 25th and 18th days; and 1,000l. to the last drawn. Lottery to begin drawingon Nov, 17, 1783. The 480, 000l. for the pay merit of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this iession 5 and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on March t, f

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to discharge and indemnify the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all damages, interelf, and losses, in respect to their not making regular payment of certain furns due, and to become due, to the publick, and to allow further time for such payment; and to enable the company td borrow a certain sum of money; and to make a dividend ot tour pounds per centum to the propnetors at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Act1 Geo. 3. c. 65. and is Geo. 3. c. 51. recited. And that besides the debts due to the public, the company had been obliged to polfpone many of their commercial debts; and that by means of me exptnees of the wars and hoifilitics in India, and the homeward bound ships of the said company not having duly arrived, the company were become much distressed in their affairs. Enacted that the of of the treasury may allow the company further time for the payment of 396, 4661. 2 s. 6d. due for customs, and of ioo, ooool. which became due December 1, 1781, and also of 42, 105l. 101. which became due March 21, 1783, and of such sums as shall become due for customs before July 1, 1783, till October 1, 1783; on payment whereof the company shall be indemnified. Company empowered to increase their present bond debt, not exceeding 500, 0001. beyond their present bond debt; and to make a dividend of percent, at Midsummer, on their capital of 3, 200, 0001. for the half year, from Ja hilary 5, to July 5, i; ?j,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 37, 38. [1783.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to repeal an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of bi present Majesty, intituled An act to continue, for a limited time, f, of an act, made in the last lefiion of parliament, "for the mor ea'y and better recruiting his majesty's land forces and marines, " aj relates to tue encouragement of volunteers.

CAP. XXXVIII j

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the rive! Thames, or Isis, at or near Leachlade, to join and communicate witft the Stroud water canal at Wallbridge near the town of Stroud; and also a collateral cut from the said canal at or near Siddington, to of near the town of Cirencester, in the counties of Gloucester and Wilts

The company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation, incorporated and empowered to make a canal navigable for boats. See, from the river Thames, or Isis, at some place at or near Leachlade, in the county of Gloucester, through or near Siddington, to or near Haylcy Wood, and from thence through or near Sapperton, to join and communicate with a navigable cut or canal now made, between the town of Stroud and the river Severn, at or near Walloridge, in the same county; and also to make a collateral cut from the said canal at or near sidding tonne a fore said, to or near the town of Cirencester, and to supply the fane with water from the springs, streams, and watercourses, in the act mentioned, or to be found within two thousand yards of the canal or collateral cut, or from reservoiis to be made, as in the act mentioned. Not to use the tarings at Sapperton, but under lord bathurst's dire ft ion. To carry a feeder through lord Bathurst's gardens. To lay a water pipe from the feeder into lord bathur'ft raansion house. Canal and cut not to deviate more than fnety yards from the course in the plan, signed by the speaker of the house of commons. The line of the canal through Mr. Eliot's lands described. For making the canal through several gardens, as mentioned in the act. Breadth of the c^nal and towing paths not to exceed forty yards (except where raised higher, or cut above six feet deeper than the present tarface of the land, and where necessary for the boats to turn, lie, or pass not above one hundred yards in breadih), and settle recompenses. Proprietors may raise 130, 0001. among themselves, at sool. each share: but no one person to have more than one hundred (harts. If 130, 000l. not sufficient, company may borrow 60, 0001. at filtered; and assign the navigation, cas a security. The interest of the money borrowed to be first paid. 5 percent, to be paid to the proprietors, till the works are completed. Subscribers to have a vote for every share by themselves or proxies. General afiemblie* for choosing a committee of thirteen persons, owners of three shares each at lead, subject to cont out of general afliembly. General assemblies to consist of five hundred shares, who may make bylaws, CC Bates allowed to be taken for coals, between Stroud canal and Sapperton tunnel, is. 3d. per tonne, between the west end of Sapperton tunnel and Cirencester, is. per tonne; and between Cirencester branch at Siddington and Leachlade, xs. per tonne; for non, salt ores, salt rock, limestone, chalk, crates of pottery, crates of black glass, timber, dint, brick, (lone, clay, copper, brass, and tin, and tin plates, lead, spelter, and pot metal, window glass, and plate glass, id. per tonne, per mile, and upon all other goods, 3d per tonne, per mile, and lo in proportion. Further allowance for goods remaining upon a wharf above twenty-four hours, as shall be agreed on. Fifty let of round, or forty feet of squaie oak, alh, or elm timber, or fifty feet of fi, or d al bilk, poplar, beech, or birch, not cut into feantlings shall be deemed a tonne. Power to the proprietors to regulate and fix the price of final parcels under one hundred pounds weight. Boats of less burden than the Thames and Severn boats not to pass without leave. Allowing the owners

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 39. 261

ers of lands to use pleasure boats on the canal. Rates to be taken by the Stroud water company, for coals, Sec, patting from their canal into the Thames and Severn canal; viz. for coals from the river Severn to wall bridge, and not more than one hundred and fifty yards on the new canal, as. 3d. per tonne; but if more than one hundred and fifty yards on the new canal, and not returning, 1 s. per tonne; but if landed within one hundred and fifty yards abov^ Bnnfcombe road, $«. per tonne. For flint, brick, stone, clay, chalk, salt ores, salt rock, and limestone, patting from Stroudwater navigation into the new canal more than one hundred and fifty yards above the said road, and not returning, iq. per tonne, per mile. For timber, black glass bottles, and phials, and crates of pottery,

1 d. per tonne, per mile. For iron caftings and wrought iron, and all other goods, id. iq. per tonne, per mile. For all goofls patting through stroud water canal, and not going above one hundred and fifty yards on the new canal, as 3d. per tonne. Vessels patting locks with left than six tonnes,

Co pay a lock due, and tonnage for six tonnes.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty) for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the said United States.

WHEREAS is is expedient, for the purpose of opening a commercial intercourse with the inhabitants of the United States of America, that certain rejlriflions assessing the same Should be removed, and that certain powers Should be g'then, for a limited timey to his Majesty in council, for regulating the said commercial inter mrfe; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no manifest, certificate, or other document whatsoever, shall be required for any ship or veflei belonging to the said United States of America arriving from thence at any port in this kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any port in this kingdom, for any port or place within the said United States, excepting such bonds as are required to be taken, duly to export and not to reland any goods entitled to a drawback or bounty, or which are prohibited to be used or worn in this kingdom 3 any law, Statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in any case where a certificate is required to discharge any such bond, entered into for the due landing such goods wirhin the said United States, such bond shall and may be discharged, upon a certificate under the hands and seals of any officers who are or may be appointed by the said United States, or any of them, for that purpose; and if it shall happen that there shall not be any officer so appointed, then, and in such case, such bond shall and may be discharged, upon a certificate, under the hand and seal of any magistrate of the said United States, or any of them, certifying that there is no such officer it such port or place, and that oath hath been made before

[Preamble.]

No manifest. See, required from any a merican veflei on coming into or clearing out of any British port, except exportation bonds.

For ditch arg ing bonds given for landing goods in America.

'2&2 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 40.

[17834,

such magistrate, by the matter, or other pet son having the charge of such ship, that the goods for which such certificate is required were duly landed by him within the said United States.

His Majesty

III. And be it further enacted, That, during the continuance impowered to of this act, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty in coun t?onscfotgcar* CL y order or orders to be issued and published from time to

rying on time, to give such directions, and to make such regulations,

trade with with respect to duties, drawbacks, or otherwise, for carrying

America. on the trade and commerce between the people and territories

belonging to the crown of Great Britain and the people and territories of the said united dates, as to his Majesty in council shall appear most expedient and salutary; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Continuance

IV. Provided always, That this act, and the powers and of this act. authorities hereby given to his Majesty, and all orders ifltued and published in consequence thereof, shall continue and be in force until the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and no longer.

CAP. XL

An act for defraying the charge of the pay of the militia, and of the doathing for the sergeants and drummers of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that provtfton Should be madt ft defraying the charge of the pay of the militia, and of the iloathing for the sergeants and drummers of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one jear, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in every county, rid irtg, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, the^receiver?* where the militia is or shall be raised, the receiver or receivers general of the general of the land tax of such county, riding, or place respee i county is to tively, shall issue and pay the whole sums required, in the manner, and for the several ores'herein after mentioned; that is to say, for the pay of the said militia for four calendar months in advance, at the rate of six Shillings a day for each adjutant, where an adjutant is appointed; and at the rate of one shilling. for each sergeant, with the addition of two Shillings and six litre ictdownj pence a week for each sergeant major, where a sergeant major is appointed; and at the rate of sixpence a day for each drummer, with the addition of sixpence a day for each drum major where a drum major is appointed; and also at the rate of sixpence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying

Where the

militia is or

issue four months pay in advance, according to the establishment of pay

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 40. 263

ing the contingent expenses of each regiment, battalion, and independant^company of militia; one penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the hospital expenses of each regiment, battalion, or independent company; and also for half a year's with half a salary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia be year's faiary longing to such county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty pounds a year; and also for the respective allowances to the battalion cleric of the general meetings, and clerks of the several subdivi clerks; fion meetings, at the rates following; (that is to say,) to the and the al clerk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds and lowances to five Shillings for each meeting; and to the several clerks of the ca subdivision meetings, at the rate of one pound and one shilling and subdivi for each meeting; and also for the clothing of the militia for fkm meeting; such county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds and pay for and ten Shillings for each sergeant, and two pounds for each clothing of drummer, with the addition of one pound for each sergeant major, and each drum major.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in any county, riding, or Where pay

place, where pay has not yet been issued for the militia, no pay ha not been shall be issued until his majesty's lieutenant, or, in his absence

in case of a vacancy by the death or removal of his majesty's tii| the lord lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants of any such county, lieutenant, or riding, or*jplace, shall have certified to the of of his deputies, shall majesty's treasury, and to the receiver-general of the land tax, to the trea* 6^ that three fifths of the number of privatexnilitia men of such fury, andve county, riding, or place, have been enrolled, and that three cei^ers gene fifths of the proportion of their commission officers have accept ral the iarot* ed their commissions, and entered their qualifications as by law of the required. mcn and

III. And be it enacted, That all such sums of money granted officers.

for the pay of the militia as aforesaid, except such as shall be The money is due to the several clerks of the meetings aforesaid, and except to be paid by such as shall be due on account of clothing, shall, where the ft receiver militia has never been embodied, be paid, by the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, into the hands of the clerk regiment or or clerks of the regiments or battalions of militia belonging to battalion, such county, riding, or place, upon his or their producing his (except the or their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, un clerk^o^ der the hand and seal of his majesty's lieutenant Jor such re theffieetings,) spechve county, riding, or place; and where the militia has upon produc been embodied, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the ing the war regiments or battalions, upon his or their producing his or their ^bposltiiicsit warrantor warrants of appointment to such office, under the app '

hand and seal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion, respectively, notwithstanding such militia shall have been disembo and for nde died; and where the militia (half be formed into arfindepend pendant com ant company or independent companies, such sums as aforesaid,

shall be paid, by the said receiver or receivers general of the cap^ain^or land tax, into the hands of the respective captain of each inde to their erder; pendant company of militia, or to such personas such respective

264

according to the establishment laid down in the

the first; and a third within three months after the second. Receipts of the persons to whom the money shall

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 40. [1783.

tive captain shall authorise to receive the same, according to the number of persons hereby entitled to receive pay and cloafh

ing, of which such regiment or regiments, battalion ortatta

militia ait of Hons, independent company or independent companies, shall s Geo. 3. have been appointed to consist; according to the establishment A second pay d0wn in an act passed in the second year of the reign of to^bemade011s present Majesty, (entitled, An act to explain, amende and within three reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being re months after la ting to the raiseng. and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England;,) and such receiver or receivers general of the land tax shall also, within fourteert days after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of the said first payment, make a second payment for four calendar months in advance; and shall also within fourteen days qfter the expiration of the three calendar months from the time of the said second payment, make a third payment for four calendar be (o paid, to months in advance, for the pay and contingent expenses of the discharge the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion general" clerk or c^er^s aforesaid, in the proportions herein before men the regimen Honed; and the receipts of such clerk or clerks, and of such tal and batta captain of an independent company, or captains of independent lion clerks are companies, or of such person or persons as such capt^n or cap to pay in acta; ns ^aj| fq autj10rize to receive such money as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver or receivers general of the land tax for the several sums of money so by him or them paid.

IV. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia shall forthwith, after the receipt of such the fcrjeams futas of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one ca and drum lendar mojith's pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment jners; and for or battalion respectively; and to the captain or officer com majo^and1* manding each company belonging to such regiment or batta drum major Hon, two months pay in advance for the sergeants and drum two months mers; and also to the officer commanding the company to the sergeant major and drum major shall belong, two* rnm' months pay in advance for such sergeant and drum major; and so, from time to time, as long as any money on that account shall remain in his hands: which pay every such captain or officer commanding is hereby required to distribute to each person belor^jing to his company, by this at entitled to receive the same, as it shall become due; and the captain of each independent company is hereby required to distribute to each person belonging to his company entitled thereto, such money as he shall receive for pay of his company by virtue of this a it; and yearly^to the Arch captain or officer commanding shall, once in every year, clerk, or re give in to the cleric of the regiment or battalion to" which such reiver general company shall belong, or, if captain of an independent com ^endant company to receiver-general, an account of the several pay pany*ac^)°rd" ments he shall have made, in purfu3nce of this af, according fng to the foi to the following form: lowing form;

County

vance one month's pay to the adjutant; and two months pay to each captain for

to the commanding officer of the company to which they belong: Captains to distribute the pay accord ingly; and account for the same

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 40:

County of Dr.

To cifh received of Mr.")

regimental or / battalion clerk, or re L reiver general [as the Case \ ball bej for two months \ frty in advance, — *J

Pit Contra

Cr.

Paid sergeant for days pay, from the of to the of

following ——

Ditto as sergeant major (if, one in the company) Paid (erfeant for days pay, from the of to the of following - — — 1 Paid drummer days at Gxpence, from the of to the of following — «Ditto as dhim major (if I one in the company) J Paid drummer days from the of to the of following

165

And shall pay back to the said clerk, or to the receiver-general j (at the else shall be,) the surplus (if any) of the money by in hit him from time to time received, and then remaining in his bands, hands. On discharge

V Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That of ferjeanu or

in case the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or independent company ofmilitia, shall certify in writing to the no clerk of the same, that he hath discharged any sergeant or drum to be issued mer as unfit for the service; that in such case, no pay shall be till others are issued for the person so difehatged, until another be duly apppjnted > pointed by him; and that no payment be made to any sergeant ujent made^to or drummer who hath been so discharged, or who has not pre Aich as northeast viously been approved of by the commanding officer, in case of discharged by vacancy by death, or otherwise. the command

VI. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or

battalion of militia, out of the money hereby directed to be, rc likewire to issued and paid to him for defraying the contingent expenses of pay, out of the each regiment or battalion, shall, yearly and every year, pay to olltwed the colonel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion one penny a month for each private man and drummer, for per*n*for*defraying the hospital expenses of each respective company of hospital such regiment or battalion, during the time of the men's being charges absent from home upon account of their annual exercise and shall, from time to time, issue out and pay such sums of money "h^reptir of as may be necessary for the repair of arms, and the carriage and arms, and removal thereof, upon an order in writing signed by the colonel carriage or officer commanding such regiment or battalion; and apply, tof>c

dispose of, and pay, the residue of such money, for the ge for the

neral use and benefit of each such respective regiment or batta benefirof the lion, in such manner as the field officers and captains thereof, regiment, cor the greaterpart of them, shall direct; and shall, yearly and

Vol. XXXII

a 66

captains shall direct. Account of the said sums to be made up yearly, Sic.

Money allowed for contingent expenses of independent companies to be applied and accounted for by the captains.

Clerk to retain money in his hands for his own salary.

During the time the troops are embodied, and called oat intoctual service, and receive pay as the King's other forces, all pay and allowance from the re ceiversgene ral is to cease.

reccivers general to pay the allowances to clerks of the general meetings, and to the clerks of the fubdi vision meetings, upon producing orders from the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants; which order to be a discharge to receivers general.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 40. [1783.

every year, make up an account of all such nloney, and the expenditure thereof, and deliver the same to the colonel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; which account Co allowed and signed shall be, and, is hereby directed to be, the proper voucher and acquittal of such clerk, for the application and disposal of such money.

VII. And be it enacted, That the money herein directed to be jffued for the contingent expenses of each independani company of militia, shall be, in like manner, applied to the particular use of such respective independent company by the captain thereof; and shall, yearly and every year, be in like manner accounted for to the receiver-general of the land tax of the county or place to which such independent company shall belong; whose allowance of such account shall, in like manner, be the proper voucher for the expenditure and disposition thereof.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said regimental or battalion clerk may and shall retain to his oton use, out of the money so by him received, such further sums as shall complete the allowance herein before made for his salary.

IX. And be it enacted, That where any regiment, battalion, or independent com pan V of militia, is or shall be embodied, or called out into actual service, and thereby the officers and private militiamen are or shall be entitled to the same pay as the officers and private men in his majesty's other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which such regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia shall belong, whether to the adjutants, serjeants, or others, and all money allowed as aforesaid for the contingent expenses of such regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, and also the allowance to the clerk of such regiment or battalion, shall, during such time of actual service, and until such regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall be disembodied and return home, cease, and not be paid.

X. And be it enacted, That the said receiver or receivers of the land tax shall pay to the clerk of the general meetings his allowance, at the rate of five pounds and five Shillings for each meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for that purpose from his majesty's lieutenant, or from three deputy lieutenants, assembled at some general meeting or meetings; and shall also pay to each and every of the clerks of the lub division meetings their several allowances, at the rate of one pound and one shilling for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders from one or more deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, assembled in the several subdivision meetings; which said order or orders shall be, to the said Receiver or receivers general of the land tax, a sufficient discharge for the payment of such allowances, and be allowed in his or their account., r "

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 40.

267

XI. Provided always, and be it ehased, That the clerk of Regimental each regiment or battalion of militia shall give security to the and battalion receiver or receivers general of the land tax of the county, rj. to^ive ding, or place, to which such regiment or battalion'shall belong, £ by a bond to his Majesty in the penalty of one half of the sum accounting for required for the whole year's charge of the regiment or battali the ponies on of militia to which meh clerk hall belong, for duly answer r*ceived ty tng and paying such sums as he shall, from time to time, have 1 em received, and for duly accounting for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in him reposed; which said bonds shall the bonds to be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers general of lodged with the land tax for the respective'county, riding, or place, who, in and"

tafe the said regimental or battalion clerk shall not duly perform put in suit by the conditions comprised in the said bond, shall, and is hereby them on non. required forthwith to put the said bond in suit, in the name of performance his Majesty, his heirs and successors $ full costs and charges of cond'* which suit, in case judgement shall be given against such regi and t, are mental or battalion clerk, shall be paid by him to the said imitled there receiver or receivers general of the land tax, who shall likewise upon to full be entitled to, and receive to his or their own use, at the?j*jjf rale of five pounds per centum out of all such moneys as shall be C 'r j 5 by him or them recovered thereon; and shall account for the nt.50'f the undue thereof with the proper auditor of his majesty's reve money reco nue; the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax charg vered the re log himself or themselves therewith, upon the next account of fidue to* the land tax to be by him or them passed.

xilaod be it enacted, That the clerk of every regiment, Thc men

or battalion of militia, and the captain of every independent tal and barta company of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within lion clerks and the part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty captains of in fifth day of March, and the twenty-fourth day of June, one companies thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, deliver to the receiver arc £ deliver or receivers generav of the land tax of the county, riding, or in accounts of place, to which such regiment, battalion, or independent com their receipts pany shall belong, a fair account, in writing, of all moneys by ^gn^ur*c, r' him received and disbursed for the service of the preceding year, in pursuance of this present act, with proper vouchers for the same > and shall pay back to the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax any fufplus of such moneys that shall then be in his hands; which said accounts, signed by such regimental or battalion clerk, or by such captain of an independent company respectively, shall be transmitted, by the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, into the office of the proper auditor of his majesty's revenue.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties, cods, kc. all costs and charges of suit, and all sums of money for which where to be any person or persons is or are by this at made answerable, recovered, may and shall be recovered in any of his majesty's courts ot record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbih, wager at law, or protection, or ing re than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

268

No fee payable for any warrant or Ann of money jflued in pursuance of this act.

Officers on half-pay serving in the militia, may receive the fub astence jnoney payable to captains, lieutenants, or en flglm,

they taking the following path before a justice.

The oath

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 40. [1783.

XIV. Provided always, 'and be it enacted, That no see or gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any warrant or sum of money which shall be issued in relation to, or in pursuance of this act.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any person being on half-pay, or being entitled to any allowance, as having served in any or either of the two troops of horse guards, or re gitaent of horse reduced, and serving in the militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the subsistence money by this act directed to be paid to captains, lieutenants, or ensigns; and the receiving and taking such subsistence money by any such captain, lieutenant, or ensign, shall not be deemed a receiving or taking pay, so as in any manner to prevent such person on half-pay, or being entitled to any such allowance, from receiving his half-pay, or such allowance; and such person shall take the following oath before some justice of the peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

1a. B. do fwtar, That I had not, between the

any place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, besides my allowance of half pay as a reduced in late regiment

of [or allowance as

in late troop of horse guards, or

regiment of horse reduced,] Jave and except my Tubfiflence as a captain, lieutenant, or ensign, [as the case may be,] jor serving in the militia of the county of

And the taking the said oath shall be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half-pay, or the said allowance, without taking any other oath 5 any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Receiver

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, general, upon That the receiver-general of the land tax, so soon as he shall receiving a receive a warrant under the hand of the colonel or command warrant, from ing officer of their respective regiments or battalions, certifying inccofficernd e rcccipt clothing for the sergeants and drummers, and ceftifying^the an order from the said colonel or commanding officer for the receipt of the money due on account of the same, payable to the person or doatning, and persons who furnished the said clothing, shall pay the sum men na°ment^isto t*onec* n orc^cr to the person entitled to receive the same; pay The same anc warrant and order, together with the receipt of the accordingly, person receiving the said money, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver-general.

If any regi.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ment, That in case any regiment, battalion, or independent company,

shall cease; shall cease and determine, during the continuance of this act, per diem is to the sum of three Shillings per diem shall be paid to such personas

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 41 — 43.69

as has actually served as adjutant to such regiment, battalion, or be paid to the independent company, from the time such regiment, battalion, adjutant from or indcpendaiit company, shall cease, to the twenty-fifth day of'me to March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four. "J1 % i'

CAP. XLI.

An act for impowering persons navigating vesselt upon the river Trent, between a place calied Wilden Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, and the town of Barton upon Trent, in the county of Stafford, to hale the same with horses.

Recital of to k n Gul. 3. C0. Hehry lord Paget empowered to make and keep in repair towing paths for borles: for confining towing paths

to one hde of the river. Four plans and books of reference to be signed by the speaker of the house of4commons/ one to be kept by the deputy Reward of the borough of Burton, and the clerks of the peace of the counties of Derby, Leicester and Stafford, to keep each one, to be evidence at law. No deviation to be made in the towing path. If any alteration in the banks, so as to vary from the plan, commissioners may alter the boundaries. Fords not to be made deeper than ift inches in the driest seasons between Burton upon Trent, and Wilden Ferry. But may be made conformable to those in the river Trent between Wilden Ferry and Gainsborough. Power to take a tonnage for vesselt: viz. For any goods (fime excepted) carried from above Wilden Ferry to the town of Burton, (besides the tolls already established by the former a) not more than ad. per tonne. No toll to be taken for vessels patting between Wilden Ferry and Cattle Donnington; nor for gravel, dung, soil, marl, or lime for improvement of land between Wilden Ferry and Burton upon Trent So much of 10 & 11 Gul 3. C 10. as reitrains persons from making warfs, C between Wilden Ferry and Nottingham Bridges, repealed

CAP. XLII.

An act for better paving, cleaning, and lighting, the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, within the liberty of Westminster, and certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Geo. 3. C ai. 3 Geo. 3. C 13. 4 Geo. 3. c. 39. 5 Geo. 3. c. 50. 6 Geo. 3. C. 4. 11 Geo. 3. C aa. so far as they relate to Covent Garden parish, repealed; and the power given to of by the former as vested in a committee of the inhabitants of the parish — — see. 47. p. 816. Rates d per pound for houses \ for ground, C 6d. per square yard, per annum.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the parish of Saint Anne, and such part of Cock Lane as lies in the parish of Saint Martin in the fields, within the liberty of Westminster; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Geo. C i. 3 Geo 3* C3. 4 Geo. 3. c. 39. 5 Geo. 3. c. 50. 6 Geo. 3. c. 54. 11 Geo. 3. C is. repealed and made void so far as they relate to Saint Anne's parish; and the power given by the former asto of veiled in trustees and a committee of the inhabitants of the parish — — tec. 55. p. 891. Committee men to take an oath of qualification. Meet iflgt of trustees and committee. Trustees and committee to pay their

T j

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. 6.43. [1783.

own e*penceg. No all valid unless done at a meeting.all acts of the trotted and committee may be done by the major part of them respectively. Trustees may appoint a clerk and allow him a faiary. Commit see may appoint officer, and shall take securky from them. No officer to take any see other than allowed by committee; or be interested in may contrail. Salaries of the clerk inspector* and collector* limited, officers to account with the committee upon oath half yearly for all matters committed to their charge, and all mopey received and distrarfed. collector to produce an account of the arrears of rates. Copies of such account, signed by three of the committee or by their clerk, shall be transactted to the trustees. Collector neglehing to deliver his account, otjptf hit'balance, to forfeit 101, and committee may bring an action against hitp for such forfeiture Sec. or the same may be recovered before two jofticea. On failure of distress offender to be committed. Commitment of offenders not to discharge their sureties. Committee may employ workmen. Sec. where the expense of the work fliau not exceed 40 s. and contraa for paving, cleaning, and lighting. Particulars to be specieed in the contract which are to be entered in a book. Thirty days notice previous to entering into contrails. No contrail to b made but between Feb. t. and June 1. The level of the (treats not to be altered or inferior matetttlf used, without consent of adjoining parities. No alteration to be made so as to render the streets worse lighted. Proposals for Cleansing to sperify what will be allowed for cinders C Fetfons willing to contra may in spell former proposals. Contrails already made to be valid. Committee to cause the works to be examined; and if ndt dojlfc agreeable (0 the contrails, may bring allions agiihft the lontra&ofs. Committee maf compound wkh contractors for the penalties incurred on nonperfbhnanct of contrails. Committee annually to print and diffribute egtraas of contrails and penalties, C Householder making complaint 61 defelevt pavement surveyor to view it, and if defeltive, to give notice tpeon trahor to amend it. Penalty on contrallor for neglect. On nonperformance of contrails for cleansing or lighting, penalty to be recovered.' Att* thoricing the committee to hold special meetings for con side ring the (batter of complaint made by an householder. on lontrtlts not Dehfg performed, committee may cause the work to be done by other persons and dedull the expense from the money due to the contrallor. New greets to be first paved at the expdbed of tbpowners* who are to compound with the committee for paving thereof. Property of pavements, lamp irons materials See. vetted in committee. Committee may bite ground for depositing materials. Committee may bring ahions, Sec. against personi taking away materials. Penalty on damaging materials or taking down lamps, C Names of streets to be wrote at or near the entrance, and boules and lamp irons to be numbered. Penalty on defacing, Sec such inscription. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamp Persons careufaly or accidently breaking lamps, to make good the damage. Committee to make rates, for repairing cleansing, and lighting hot exceeding is. yd. in the pound in any square, and 11. in streets and other places. Additions! rates for paying the money owing and the interest, not exceeding i a. 6d. in the pound in the optional streets and 6d. in the other parts of the parish. Houses hereafter to be built to be a defied as others. Total amount of rates not to exceed that of former years. Empty houses to pay one half rate, which may be recovered from tenants who may deduct h out of their relit. Church and church yard and other public buildings to be rated according to the number of iqoare yards of paring belonging thereto. If Committee neglect to make the additional rates, trustees may dciti and if they omit to make the other rates, the inhabitants may do it. Commencement of rates. Rates of houses let in separate apartments and ready turmlhed, to he paid by the tenant, who may dedull the same out of hi relit. Rates of houses let to ambafihdors to be paid by the landlords, Poor rates may be inspelled by an order of three committee men, and copies, C taken. Power to recover the rates by distrefe. Rates may be recovered by allion at law. Persons quiting houses or preftiifes before payment of the rate, and persons entering in such houses or ptemises, to - be

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 43:

be subject to the payment thereof for the times of their occupying the same, Nothing in this act to affect agreements between landlords and tenants. Personi aggrieved by the rates may appeal to the committee, and the quarter feffioos. Collector to pay the money into the bank, or to a banker. Banker to pay money drawn upon him by the trustee and com hiittet. Penalty on cofleftor keeping 501, in his hands longer than two days. Commissioners to account with the trustees, relative to optional facets; and with the committee, relative to the other parts of the parish, and transfer to them the money in the bank. Present committee to account with the committee to be appointed under this act Arrears may be levied. Trustees to apply additional rate to pay interest and debt. Committee to apply other rates for repairing, cleansing. and lighting, and removing nuisances, C Surplus to be applied towards discharging debtor for new paving. Separate accounts to be kept of rates to be raised within the optional streets, for paying the principal and interest due on such ft reefs. Creditors to be paid by ballot. Trustees may pay fume

under 1001. Notice to be given to the persons whole bonds are to be paid off. New Securities for tool, each may be given, instead of present securities for a larger sum. Power to borrow money to discharge certain debts due upon some of the optional streets, and not secured upon the rates. Rates may be aligned. Form of alignment. Assignments may be transferred Form of transfer. Transfers to be entered. Power to borrow money at lower interest, to discharge securitiesat a higher. Power to lay a fate not exceeding ad. in the pound for new paving any street. For Joying, a proportion of the expense of that commission, till March5, x7s4. and then to cease. Signs to be placed flat on fronts of houses. Water to be conveyedirom houses in pipes. Falifadoes broke or defec tiw to be repaired. Scc. Posts in "King Square court not to be taken away. Penalty on placing annoyances or obstructions in the streeti. If penalties are not paid, offender to be committed. No hoards to be erected, without licence from the surveyor or inspector to the committee. Pe Mty on running wheels, See. or driving carriages, horses. See, on foot fpmment. Dirt not to be swept into common sewer, or withm a certain qiftance of any grate or channel. No person other than the Icavenger, to carry away dust, Sec, Penalty. [Owners of cinders, dust, C may carry away the same for their own use. No night soil to be taken away before 1 % at night, or after five in the morning m winter, or four in summer, or to be put or cast in any part of the parish, or within a certain distanc* thereof. Scavengers duty. Penalty on neglect. Inhabitants exempted from office of scavenger and surveyor of highways, from hanging out lights, and return of annoyance jury, on account of defective pave nenti, C hackney coaches not to stand before the church during divine service on Sundays, christmas day, and Good Friday. Paviours to water companies to transmit their names, places ot abode, and walk, to the commute. Dir eft ions for repairing defective water pipes. Penalty on pavioor's neglect. If no regular paviour, notice to be transmitted to the clerk to water companies. Committee to be reimbursed expenses of relaying pavement broken for repairing water pipes. Lilt of streets to be tranumtted to water companies. Water company not to be subject to pay the expense of paving, or repairing the pavement, unless the account be delivered within a limited time. Committee to state in their account to the water company the charge of such relaying or repairing the quantity of pavement, C Treasurer or clerk to the water companies may inspect the accounts and proceedings of the committee relative to paving. Surveyor or inspector to verify his acccount with any water company upon oath, if required. The provisions of the act extended to such part of Cock Lane as lies in Saint Martin's parish, until the debt due on that fteeet be paid off. Proceedings of trustees and committee to be recorded and to be settled annually; and examined at a vestry meeting, and may be inspected. Not to extend to such part of Oxford Street as is In the parish of St. Anne, or to such part of prince's Street as is in the parish, until the whole debt be paid off. Penalties ard forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied. Inhabitants may give evidence. How justices t4 to

*7*

to Geo. t. C 43, recited.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 44, 43- [1783.

[Publick act.]

to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction. Actions may be brought in the name of one of the trustees, or committee, or their clerk f and upon obtaining verdjds, they hare power to recover cofb. No adiofi to abate on death or removal of clerk. No essoin, See. to be allowed in actions. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefgons, on giving eight days notice, Rates and proceedings not to be quaftied for want os form, or to te removed by certiorari. Plaintiff ifiall not recover alter tender of sufficient amends. dutrefs not deemed unlawful for want of form. Expenses of this act how to be paid. Writings not to be futge& to stamp duties. Limitation of actions, General i2ue. Treble cofb.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for building a workhouse, and for the better relief and employment of the ^oc^within the parish of Saint James Clerkenwell, in the county of

CAP. XLV.

An act for regulating the proceedings of the coure of jujlidary, and circuit courts in Scotland.

WHEREAS by on act of parliamente made in the twentieth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, (intituled An act for taking away and abolishing the heretable jurisdictions in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for snaking satisfaction to the proprietors thereof; and for restoring such jurisdictions to the crown; and for making more effectual j?rovision for the administration of justice throughout that part of the united fcingdopri, by the kings coprts and judges there; and for obliging all persons acting as procurators, writers, or agents in the law in Scotland to take the oaths; and for rendering the ^mtonbf the two kingdoms more complete;,) it is among otter things enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any party or parties conceiving himself or themselves aggrieved by any interlocutor, decree, sentence, or judgement of any of the inferior judges therein mentioned, concerning matters criminal, of whatever nature or extent the same may be, except all cases which infer the loss of life, or demembration, or in makers civil, where (be fufject matter of the suit did not exceed in value the sum of twelve pounds sterling, to complain and seek relief ogaufl the same by dppealio tie next circuit cot^rt of the circuit wherein such inferior court Jbaft lit, to be proceeded in before the aid circuit court, in the way and manner therein directed; and it is thereof ienabled. That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, in\he year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, thefircuit court shall be regularly held twice in every year, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and the judges thereof shall continue by the pace of six days at the leaf, at each town or place where the circuit courts shall be held for the dispatch of business: And whereas it has been found fr*m experience, that few appeals have been taken or brought

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 45* a73

from the inferior yurts to the circuit courts, either in matters criminal or civile parties conceiving themselves aggrieved by the judge meats or decrees of the inferior courts, (hoofing to take their appeals by advocation or suspension, and to have the same beard and discussed before the courts of jufiiciary and session, in the cottrfe of law as formerly ejkblished, rattier than by toe summary remedy of appeal to the circuit courts, whereby one branch of business in thete circuit courts is greatly abridged, and thereby the continuance of the judges at each circuit town for the space of six days is become unnecessary:

And whereas the judges continuing at any circuit town for a longer time than may be necessary for dispatching and finishing the bstfiness brought before them, is attended with many inconveniences to the publish, and an unnecessary expense to the judges, jury, and whole members of court, as weltas the sheriffs and inferior magistrates, who, by law, are obliged to attend the judges while they continue at the circuit towns; for remedy whereof, may it please your majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the court of judiciary, and Court of the said court is hereby authorised and required, at the time of tidary to de settling and appointing the spring and autumn circuits, that is }cn^2* to foi, between the fird and twentieth days of March, and fitft judges shall re and twentieth days of August, in each year, by an act or minute mam in each' to be recorded in the books of adjournal, to declare and deter circuit town, mine bow long the judge or judges shall continue and remain in each circuit town or place of the respective didri&s; at the expiration of which time so to be limited and declared, the judice air at such town or place shall be concluded and ended, the jury, sheriffs', and other magistrates, discharged from their attendance, and the judge or judges not obliged to continue longer in such town or place; anything in the aforesaid a<sl to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That if any trial or matter Civil or cri All trials be. anina! shall happen to be begun or entered upon, and not con gun before eluded and determined, before elapsing of the time so to be lithe limited mited and declared for the judge or judges continuing in each f circuit town or place, it shall nevertheless be proceeded in, and ccj#

the judge or judges, and jury, shall not be at liberty to depart or leave the said town or place till the same is concluded and determined: and provided also, That the judge or judges of the judges, she circuit Courts shall continue, and the sheriffs and other officers riffs, &c. to shall attend them, by the space of three whole days at the lead continue three at each town or place where the circuit shall be held, but that ^achtdwn, gm the jury shall be discharged from their attendance as soon as the 9

business may admit.

III. And whereas by an all, made in the twentieth first year of the Recital of % t reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, intituled, Geo. 2. c. 19. An act for the more effectual trial and punishment of high treason, and misprision of high treason, in the highlands of Scotland;

and

Alteration introduced by the said a und to b€ beneficial.

Court of jofficiary, and Circuit courts, may try causes for capital offences it the same manner as those for leu crimes.

Pifcretionary power given to the judges.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 45s [f; 8

and for abrogating the practice of taking down the evidence writing in Certain criminal prosecutions $ for making ibd further regulations relating to Sheriffs depute and stewarts d

£: ©, and their fcibstitutes; and for other purposes there rwioned; and rieking, That whereas the taking dawn and redo into writing the evident given in criminal taufes end pr fractions (not extending to the loss of life, or to aemembratici before the court of jujiiciary, and the circuit courts, in that pa of Great Britain called Scotland, had, by experience, beenfm vary inconvenient, and to oceajton great delay as well as expend; is thereby erta/ted, That, from and after the prft day of July, in tl year of our Lord one thousdni[even hundred and forty-eight, it fa and may be lawful for the fata court of jujiiciary, and the faldrtfptt live eircuit courts to proceed in, try, and determine, all causes on prosecutions before them for any crime or crimes not inferring th punishment of death, or demembration, whereupon the verdill of 0 ajftze or jury is to pass, upon examining and hearing the evidence ej the witness or witnesses adduced or examined in any filth cause Or on fecution riva voce, without reducing into writing the testimny sj any such witness or witnesses; and that the practice of taking dam end reducing into writing the tejhmony of'witnesses in such cases, be, ad the same is thereby abrogated and abolished: and whereas the alteration in traduced in the trial of the lesser crimes by the dbove aft has been feud, by experience, to be attended with important andfalutary cenfejmus: and whereas the taking down and reducing into writing tie evident given in the trial of crimes, which may infer the punishment ef death, or demembration, as now pratlifed in the court of jujiiciary, and droit courts, has been found, by long experience, to be attended with greetin' tonveniencies, by prolonging trials to such a length, as has bten fmi dangerous to the health of the judges, council, and jury, whereby the best jurymen are often deterred from attending such servicej ad those who do attend, after being exhausted with the fatigue f such long trials, are little able to discharge their duty in rtconsidering the whole evidence as taken down at stich length in writing, U crier to form their verdict; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said court of judiciary; and the said respective circuit courts, to proceed in, try, and determine all causes and prosecutions befd them, for any crime or crimes inferring the punishment of dcatl or of demembration in the same manner as is now praflifl in prosecutions for lesser crimes, by the Verdict of an assize, I

S, upon examining and hearing the evidence of the wk or witnesses adduced or examined in any such cause 0 prosecution viva voce, without reducing into writing the rdli money of any such witness or witnesses.

IV. Provided always, That if in the trial of any of the crime which may infer the punishment of death, or demembration, i shall appear to the judges more expedient to take down and re duce into writing the testimony of all, or any number of th witnesses, according to the present practice, it shall be lawfti for them to proceed in that manner; anything in this prefea act to the contrary notwithstanding.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4 75

V Provided also, That in all such trials and prosecutions, Counsel, or whether the evidence be Reduced Into writing, or be taken from prisoner, may the witnesses viva we, without reducing the same into writing,

the council on both iides, and the pannel, or prisoner, may interrogate the witnesses upon all pertinent and legal questions, and immediately before the affix or jury shall be factored the evidence shall be summed up by the judge, or oqe of the judges, before whom such trial shall be had.,

VI. Provided likewise, That nothing herein contained (hell trials

iter, or be understood to alter, in any respect, the form or mode for high trea of trials before the find courts for the crimes of high treason, son, cor

of mispriiion of treason.

VII. And whereas by an act passed in the parliament o/Scotland, Recital of two

iatbeyeefr one thousand Jin hundred and seventy two, Act aftsofthepar,

concerning the regulation of the judicatories, among other

tins of the court of justiciary, if is provided that four of though

Jbeil always be a quorum of that touri: and, by af of the parliament of Scotland, made tie the year one thousand six mired and eighty one, intituled, Aft appointing the quorum of the justice court in time of vacanoe, it is statuted and ordained.

That in time of vacance of the feffisn, three of though tommijfienert nfiitiory ball bo a sufficient quorum: and tubereas It has been, fttouxpifience, that the quorum appointed by the ad btnty Scotland first above recited, is often attended with -

tumus, as interfering with the attendance of the judges of though court tfjvftieiory to their duty at judges in the court of session, and that Ibt ttajou for reducing the quorum of the said court of justiciary ta thru, applies, with more propriety, to tno time of the sittings of the court offefjion, than to the time of the vacation of that eourt; he

k therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any three Three judges flf the judges of the court of judiciary, who are also judges

Of die court of firffion, shall be a sufficient quorum of the said to le a quo court of justiciary, as well during the sittings of the court of rum, during Mon, as in the time of vacanoe, or recess of that court. the Gttings of

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all

the powers, authorities, and regulations, contained in this act,

shall take place and have continuance from and after the first day mentndcon sf July next, for the term of three years, and from thence to rinuance of the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer, this act.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for widening the northwest end of fenchurch street, and the Couth end of the Old Jewry, within the city of London.

Comnon council empowered to widen the passages, as described in the schedule annexed.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

[1783.

THE SCHEDULE

T whith tbtrefers.

Ground to be laid into the street at the west end of fenchurch street

videlicet,

OK the west side thereof, fronting gracechurch street, from north to south. twenty-four feet, seven inches: on the foath side thereof, fronting Fenchurch street, from west to east, forty*six feet: and on the northeast side thereof, upon a curve line, fifty feet.

Ground to be laid into the Old Jewry, at the south*west end thereof!

videlicet,

AT the south end thereof, next the Poultry, from east to west, sixteen feet, five inches: on the west side thereof, from north to south, one hundred and eight feet, five inches: at the north end thereof, from west to east, five feet, four inches: and on the east side thereof, next the Old Jewry, from north to south, one hundred and eight feet, five inches.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

In case of refusal to treat, or defective title, a jury to inquire of the value. Jurors may be challenged. Court of mayor and aldermen may examine fritnesses on oath, and direct the jury to view. Jury to afieft the value on oath. The court to give final judgement. The owners of houses, See. on payment of the money awarded, to convey. In case of refusal or inability to make a good title, C the purchase money to be paid into the bank, Suc verdicts and proceedings to be entered, and deemed records. On payment of the money, C the premises to vest in the city. In what dries and manner the court of aldermen may order the money so paid into the bank to be placed at interest. The dividends to be paid to the persons in pofteflyon: but recoverable agiinft them by tkofe entitled to the mesne profits. The bank to obey the orders of the court of aldermen, and the city not to be accountable. In cates of femes covert having a separatt e It ate, the purchase money to be paid to whom they dircd, in trust, to the former ules. The purchase money paid for premises bought of other trustees, to be re invetted in other purchase upon the same trusts. Bargains and Tales enrolled in pursuance of this a, to have the operation of fines and recoveries. In what cases persons claiming interest in any premises so sold, shall be barred therefrom. Person so barred may recover the purchase money against the persons to whom paid, together with interest. Yearly tenants to surrender possession, on tender of six months relit, or twelve irjonth* notipe. Mortgagees to accept their money on six months notice, or tender of six months interest. On payment of such money into the bank, the mortgagees estate to vest in the city. All the moneys aforesaid to be paid to the parties, or into the bank, before the city shall proceed topull down any houses, C Court of aldermen iropowered to set fines on the sheriffs or officers, jurors or witnesses making default. For (editing the payment of tithes, charged on buildings to be taken down. Com ipon council may dispose of what shall be more than is necessary far the purposes of this act and may delegate their powers to a committee. What persons excluded from such committee. When the passage is enlarged, the ground to be under the care of the commissioner for paving the city. Powers to be void, if not executed within ten years. Writing to be without damps. Di It refs not to be ri*<ned unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff shall not recover after tender of sufficient amends. Older of justice. See. not liable to be quashed for want of form; nor removed by certiorari. Limitation of actions General fltue.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47, -49; 277

CAP. XLVII.

An act for altering and varying the powers of an act passed in the fiith year of the reign of King George the First, for making the river Douglas alias Afland navigable, from the river Kibble to Wigan, id county palatine of Lancaster; and for enabling the company of pro prietora of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an act

Jtailed in the tenth year of his present majesty's reign, to purchase the iud river navigation! for amending the said last mentioned adj for in co porating ami consolidating the hud two navigations and for other pnrpofts.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for improving the navigation of the river Trent, from a place called Wilden Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the county of Lincoln! and for im* powering persons navigating vessels thereon to hale the same with krftt,

CAP. XLIX.

An 68 far repealing an act made in the twenty second year of bit present Majesty, intituled An act for charging a lamp duty upon inland bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other notes, payable otherwise than upon demand; and for granting new stamp duties on bills of exchange, promissory and aether notes j and atfo jiamp-duties on receipts.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for charging a lamp duty Recital of upon inland bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other as Geo. notes, payable otherwise than upon demand, it was enacted^ C 33 % That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two there Should be raijedy levied, collefledy and poddy throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufelf his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for every piece of vellum or parchment, or Jbeet or piece of paper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, payable otherwise than upon demand, Should be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, Should not amount to the sum of fifty pounds, a jiamp duty of threepence; and for every piece of vellum or parchment, or Sheet or piece of paper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promissory note, on other note, payable otherwise than upon demand, Should be ingrossed, written or printed, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, Should omount to the sum of fifty pounds, or upwards, a jiamp duty of six fence: now we your Majestfs most dutiful and loyal subjiflsy the Purpose of commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, finding that it this act.

a Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49.

[178$:

will be convenient, and for public to repeal the fold

stamp duties, so made paypble by the send recited act, and to grant unto your Majesty the several mention

as well for securing a certain fund for payment offitch annuities as by the said recited act were charged upon the as

to enable your Majesty to raise a certain sum of money for of the year one thousand [oven hundred and eighty three therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by a the ru authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of cited aft re. August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the rates

pealed. and duties granted by an act made and passed in the last sdbeq of parliament, intituled An act for charging a j1 amp duty on inland hills of exchange, promjfory, or other payable Otherwise

than upon demand, At all cease, determine, and be no longer paid and payable.

New duties to

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said

commence on first day of Augu/1, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three,

Aug. 1. «7sj. (1, ^shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout nz* the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, hu heirs and successors, the several rates and duties following: that is to say,

Bills of exchange, promissory or other notes, drafts or orders, under jol. to pay a

lamp duty of 6a.

If 50l. or upwards, to pay is.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, upon which any foreign or inland bill of exchange, pro miflory note, or other note, draught, or order, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to the sum of fifty pounds there shall be dunged a damp duty of sixpence:

For every pioce of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any foreign or inland bill of exchange, pro tniflbry note, or other note, draught, or order, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to the sum of fifty pounds, or upwards, there shall be charged a lamp duty of one fhriling.

From Sept. t.

III. And be it enacted, That, from and after the first day of j7sj. the fol September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there dutiwffhairse ^1^raeev'cc*» collected, and paid, throughout the pud; vis. kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty*heirs and successors, the several rates and duties following;

that is to say.

Receipts for For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of1. and under paper, upon which any receipt, or other discharge given upon aol. to pay the payment of money, amounting to" two pounds, and not d. each, amounting to the sum of twenty pounds, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be chained a'damp duty of twopence: a

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49. 279

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of For sol. and paper, upon which any receipt, or other discharge given upon upwards the payment of money, amounting to the sum of twenty €acik pounds, and upwards, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a damp duty of fourpence.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge any draught or order, for the payment of money on demand, upon any banker, or person or persons acting as a banker, redding, or transacting the bulinds of a banker, within ten miles of the place of abode of the person or persons drawing such draught or order; or to charge any receipt for any money paid into the bank of England or the house of any banker; or any receipt, or other discharge, given for any money received on any dividend, payable from the publick or government funds established by parliament; or any receipt given on the back of any bill of exchange, proonffory or other note, stamped in pursuance of this act; or upon any bank note, or bank pod bill 5 or to any letter acknowledging the safe arrival of any bills, notes, or remittances; or any receipt endorsed on, or contained in the body of any deed, bond, mortgage, or other obligatory instrument, already directed to be damped by any law now in being; or to any release or acquittance by deed; or to any receipt given by the treasurer of the navy for any money impreded to, or received by him, for the Service of the navy; or to the receipt of any agent for money impreded by or to him on account of the pay of the army or ordnance; or to any receipt given by any officer, Seaman, or ihktier, or their representative, for or on account of an wages, pay, or pension, due to them from the navy, army, or ordnance; or to any receipt given upon any navy, victualling, or ordnance bill, issued, or to be issued, before the said first day of Stpttmber> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in tjats aft contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to charge any bill of exchange, promissory or other note, draught, or order, payable upon demand, issued in that part of Great Britain Galled Scotland, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall not exceed the sum of twenty-one (hill

Exemptions of drafts and orders, for payment of money on demand, upon bankers living within 10 miles of the drawer, kc.

Exemption of receipts given by teamen or soldiers for wages or pensions due Iron the navy, army, kc.

Not to extend to bilk of exchange. Sec, in Scotland, not exceeding ns. T

VJ. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Bills of ex in this act contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to change, procharge any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draught, or order, payable upon demand, with any higher stamp p^ble <* duty than the sum of threepence, where the sum expressed demand, to therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to the sum pay only jd.j of ten pounds.

VII. Provided alfov and be it enacted, That, nothing, in this Not to extend aft contained shall extend, or be construed. to extend, to any to receipts on receipt given upon the back of any foreign bill of exchange. foreign bills

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no foreign bill of exchange.

of

28o

No foreign bill, C chargeable with more than 6d. each copy.

Exemption of notes, see. iflbed by the bank, in con deration of ia, oooo I per.

Persons fraudulently evad? - the du

u

mb

Co forfeit sol.

Receipts in fill! to pay 4d.

Duty on bills of exchange, C to be paid by the drawer or giver.

Duty on receipts to be paid by the persons rewriting the m,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49. £178nd nd be it further enacted, That all receipts in which the sum mentioned therein shall be expressed to be in full, or as a b tisfaction of all demands, and all general acknowledgements of debts or demands being discharged, shall be deemed and taken to be receipts for above the sum of twenty pounds, within the intent and meaning of this act, and shall be liable to the stamp duty of fourpence hereby imposed.

XII. Andy for ascertaining by whom the said stamp duties herein before granted shall be payable, be it further enacted, That the duty hereby granted on any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, shall be paid by the person or persons giving the same; and the duty hereby granted on anyteceipt^ shall be paid by the person or persons by whom the same shall be required; except such receipts as shall be for money paid to any person or persons in respect of any salary, pension, debt, or other sum

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49. 2s1

payable from his Majesty to such person or persons, in which case the duty on such receipt shall be paid by the person or persons giving the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and Management more effectually levying and collecting the said duties herein e before granted, the same shall be under the care and manage [hedireason mento? the commissioners for the time being appointed to ma of the com nage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and mi (Turners of paper; for which purpose they, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them, and to use and provide such (lamps for the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this al into execution with relation to the said duties, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, arc authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

XIV. And, for the better securing the said stamp duties hereby imposed, be it further enacted, That all vellum, parchment, and All vellum, paper, upon which any such bill of exchange, promissory note, paper C to or other note, draught, or order, receipt, or other discharge, given

for the payment of money, shall be ingrossed or written, shall, promissory before the same shall be ingrossed or written, be brought to the note, See. shall head office for stamping and marking of vellum, parchment, be written and paper; and the said of, by themselves or their thereon, officers, shall, from time to time, (lamp or mark, as this al.

directs, any quantities of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon payment of the said duties: and if any such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draught, or order, receipt, or other discharge given for the payment of money, so hereby directed to be stamped, shall not be marked or stamped as by this act is directed, or shall be marked or stamped for a lower duty than as aforesaid, no such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draught, or order, receipt, or other discharge, shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good or available in law or equity.'Undamped

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all receipts un un(lamped receipts, in which any sum of money, 'not amount der a I. may irtg to two pounds, shall be expressed, and which shall (by the he given in insertion of the words, In full of all Demands, or otherwise) be ^ota^ac Ut given as a general acknowledgement of all debts or demands knowledgebeing discharged, may be plended or given in evidence, and mentsofall may be available in law for such sum so expressed, but not as demands be'general acknowledgement of all debts or demands being dif^1 C arg

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all re ^n^on^re ceipts, impressed with a (lamp of twopence, in which any sum ceipts for1.' of money, amounting to two pounds, and not amounting to and under the sum of twenty pounds, shall be expressed, and which shall

(by though insertion of the words, In full of all Demands, or other tiepin wife) be given as a general acknowledgement of all debts or de expretw Vol. XXXIV U mandsthat.u.

*82

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49.

[17*5.

mands being discharged, may be pleaded or given in evidence, and may be available in law for such sum so expressed, but not as a general acknowledgement of all debtor demands being discharged.

xvii. And whereas a great number of fiamps* for the value if three pence may under the said recited act of the lost fejjun if parliament* have been already provided and impressed upon beets or pieces of taper, intended for bills of exchange promissory and other notes which said bills of exchange and notes may have been printed from copper plates provided for that purpose: and whereas it might be a very great inconvenience and loss to merchants tradesmen and others to have such stamps cancelled, and to provide others of the denomination required by this att\ be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commil&oners of his majesty's vunp duties, where bills of exchange, or promissory or other notes, shall by this act require a stamp of sixpence only, to mark an additional stamp of threepence to the stamp added thereto. cf threepence already imprefied on the same, under the said recited act of the lat session of parliament; and such bill of exchange, promissory and other note, so stamped with the two

several stamps of threepence and threepence, shall be considered as good and valid as if the same had been stamped or marked with one stamp of sixpence, as herein before directed, and shall have the lame force and eifed in law or equity, anything herein before contained to the contrary not with (landing.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the same allowance shall be made on present payment of the several duties granted by this act, only in such manner as by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, is directed and allowed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That such (lamps as the

Bills Scc.

marked already with a threepenny stamp, shall have another

Vflial allow, ante on prompt payment of duties.

Stamps may

be altered and said of are hereby directed and authorised to pro

rtnetttfd --

Any person

vide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such manner as any other stamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall

chufttcrfe*tin* counterfc'* or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, omittering any ^afnp or mark directed or allowed to be used by this a such counter for the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted, wits

feirs, shall an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, 0 fuffcf death as any of the said duties or shall fraudulently use any (lamp a a sion. mark directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent ft defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the fax duties*or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to sale, any, veburn parchment, or paper, liable to the said duties, with any cow terfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing the same to fc counterfeit then every such person so offending, and bar thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and ftp suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of deqgy.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49. 483

XXI. And be it further enacted, Thit all powers, provi Duties torts, articles, clauses distributions of penalties and forfeitures, Jo levied and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed by any cas th0fe former act or acts of parliament, relating to the stamp duties under former oh vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be of full force and stamp acts. iffeft with relation to the duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said new duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the" same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new duties hereby imposed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penal Application ties hereby imposed shall go and be paid, the one moiety thereof f penalties, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety

thereof, with full costs of fult, to the person or persons whp shall inform and sue for the same, in any of his majesty's courts at Westminster, for offences committed in England, lvales % or Berwuk upon Tweed, and in his majesty's court of session, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance,

shall be allowed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the feverak rates Duties to be and duties herein before granted, shall be paid, from time to paid torecei*. time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being

of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who P shall ktep a separate and distinct account of the several duties imposed by this act, and paytuch duties (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on starmpfti vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be proa separate vided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt account thereof exchequer, a book or books in which all the moneys arising ^yth^ auditor from the said several duties imposed by this act, and paid into of theexchs the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart quer.

from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever.,

XX V And whereas the rates and duties upon inland bilk of exchange y promissory notes, or other notes, payable otherwise than upon delbandi wercy together with certain other duties, made a fund for torment if the annuities established by on act made in the laji fejfson efpertiament, \intituled An act for raising a certain sum of mo fley by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery 5) and it b therefore necessary that part of the rates and duties by this at grmt/d shall be applied towards payment of the said annuities, in iitu if tbi rates end duties; be it therefore enacted by the authority afcttftid, That, from and after the £rft day of August, on

*by ivt

284

Application of the duties.

Persons sued for executing this act, may plead the general iitue,

and shall be entitled to treble costs.

noeo.j.c.si

recited,

and repealed.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. f 17s3,

thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the yearly sum of fifty thousand pounds, being the sum which the said rates and duties were intended to raise, shall be reserved and set apart, at the said receipt of the exchequer; and that out of the moneys which shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, of the duties hereby repealed, and out of the duties granted by this act, a proportional part of the sum of twelve thousand five hundred pounds shall, from the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and the sum of twelve thousand five hundred pounds, from and after the said tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be set apart and applied quarterly to the same uses and purposes as the duties hereby repealed were applicable; and that the residue of the produce of the said rates and duties, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several and respective annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.)

XXVI. And be it further enacted, Thar if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. L.

An act for the better regulation of the office of the paymaster general of his majesty's forces, and the more regular payment of the army; a 7i d to repeal an atl made in the la ft session of parliament, intituled An act for the better regulation of the office of payuufter general of his majesty's forces.

WHEREAS by an atl, pojfed in the twenty second year of, his majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better regulation of the office of paymaster general of his majesty's forces, several provisions were made relative to the payment and clearing of the army, which have been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, 'arid commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act be, and the fatne is hereby repealed.'. V'1

II. And whereas it appears, by the reports mbd)\ fy.fti

1; '* fionm

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50; 285

sioners appointed to examine, take, and Jiate the public accounts of the kingdom, that the paymasters of the forces have heretofore been accustomed to accumulate large funy of public money in their hands beyond what was necessury for carrying on the services in their department and to take and carry cut of office with them, upon their resigndtion or removal, large balances of public money, which they have retained and kept in their bands many years after being out of office: and whereas it is highly expedient imt a remedy Should be provided for these inconveniencies: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, the pay Directiom to matter general of his majesty's forces for the time being, in all the paymaster memorials to be by him presented to the treasury, for money thii

for army services, shall pray, that such sum as be requires may ibet^eafiuy0 be issued to the governor ancf company of the bank of England for money for on his account, specifying in every such memorial the sum he army fer requnts, and for what particular service or services 5 and the yicc8* of of his majesty's treasury for the time being, by their letter from time to time, shall direct the auditor of the exchequer to issue to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the pay matter general of his majesty's forces, naming such paymaster general for the time being, the sum for which such letter shall be drawn upon the unsatisfied order at the exchequer, in favour of the said paymaster general, for which, the receipt of the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company shall be a sufficient discharge; and all sums Such moneys for which such letters of the commissioners of his majesty's to be issued to treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued to the governor and hank, and company of the bank of England, in like manner as they have account ot C been heretofore issued to the paymaster general of his majesty's the paymaster forces; and all such moneys solo be issued to the governor and general, company of the bank of England shall be placed to an account to be raised in the books of the governor and company of the said bank of England, and to be intituled, The Account of the Paymaster General of his majesty's Foroes, inserting the name of such paymaster general for the time being.

III. And be it enacted, That no fees whatsoever shall be paid Only custom at the exchequer or treasury for or by reason of the transedions ary see to be aforesaid, beyond the amount of what hath been usually paid Schweror upon imprefts and accounts hitherto made, according to the Keafury. former coitom of transading business between the exchequer, r pay office, and bank severally.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the passing of this act, no money for the Money for

service of the army shall be issued from his majesty's exchequer frmy service

to the paymaster general of his majesty's forces, or shall be

placed, or directed to be placed, in his hands or possession;

but the same shall be issued, and directed to be paid, to the goto the bank.

vemor and company of the bank of England, and to be placed

to the account abovementioned.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Paymaster, or (he paymaster general of his majesty's forces for the time being,

by

*$ bank for all army fayices.

Bank not to pay ffi4 money, uiiiefs for army services, and in pursuance of proper drafts.

4

Say mailer, in his first memo'ial to the trtafury every month, shall inilei t the balance of pub )kk money sn the bank, on hip account, See.

>n the death

or removal of a p.iy matter, the balance in the bank to veil in bit fucctltor.

annq vicesimo tertio G^GII III C 50. (17*3*

by himself, or his deputy or the person qr pet fops in hi oflfc duly authorised by the said paym^te1* gcqeral, vooi ni aftet the passing of this aii, (lall draw ugorufye governor amcqfl^ pany of the bank of fyigfand* For alj^ aoijy f; ryicq and shall specify in each add every cjraft the pfutiqulrt fifflfks for which the same is drawn: and no draught, of uyj m mailer, or his deputy, or the perlpij or, person ^utjioa^cdas aforesaid, shall be deemed a fuflfcjen^ voucher to the said governor and company of the banfcoi England v»nl<tls the Specifies the service for which it, is drawn, and ha betq actually paid by the said governor and company of tin; bankjof England.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority afprdaid, That the moneys fq t iltu^d to the governor, and of the bank of engl^d* on j^ccouqt, of the paymaster geuepl of his majesty's forces, shall not be paid out, of the bap, unless for the army services, and in pursuancp of drafts, or cheque paper, to be drawn on the governor and company of the hau of England, and signed by the payjnaller general of hismycfl/t forces for the time being, or ijis deputy, or the person or persons authorised as aforesaid; in which drafts shall be spied the heads of service to which the sums therein qiendooedare to be applied; and which drafts, lo dran, shall be fuffipent authority to the bank to pay such money to the persons ipqa tioned in such drafts, or to the bearer of them.

VII. Andy that the commissioners of his Majtffs trptfurjiq have a frequent knowledge of the balance of caff in the bpniseftbt governor and company of the bank of England on aefopnt ofty foi \ general of his Mojefy's forces, in order to enable then judge of the propriety and necessty of further tjfuesy an to prevent tit unnecessary accumulation of public money in the hands of the gevtm and company of the bank of England; be it.enactedhy the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, in the first memorial presented every month, or oftener if required, to 1 the of of his majesty's treasury, by the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces for the time being, for a (ppply of money for the army services, such paymafer shall infers in the body of such memorial, the futn total of the balance of public money, on his account, in the hands of the governor and company of the bank of England, together with, an account of all the claims, outstanding drafts, and othftr d^gian^f, mkhi which such balance is chargeable, and is to be applied

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That upon the death, resignation, or removal, of the prefen^ and of every other paytnaller of his majesty's forces hereaftef to be appointed, the balance of calli for which he Hull attbai time have credit, on his account as paymaster general, with tbf governor and company of the bank of England, shall, as loooo as a successor shall be appointed to the said office, actually vdj in such successor, in trull for the service of the army, and forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the account

if Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. By

of such fuocessor paymaster general of his majesty's forces, to be applied to the said service, in pursuance of the like drafts as aforesaid. And the paymaster general oftiis majesty's forces Paymaster to for the time being shall, and he is hereby directed and required, issue his drafts to form his memorials and requisitjons to the treasury, and to ^untoy ifbc his drafts as aforesaid, for all charges and deman4s, on army Cervices, account of the army Services, whiph are due and remain unfa from April 10, tisfied from the tenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred <7*» and eighty-two, although the same have accrued in the time of any former paymaster general; and also within twelve months and, after a after the accounts, enabling the said paymaster general to com time specified, plefee the heron after mentioned accounts, shall be received, to ^imal ac makeup, or cause to be made up, an annual account of the counts of the ordinary and extraordinary services of the army, intituled, Tie ordinary and Aarnni of tie Paymqfler General of his Majesty's Forces, to be extraoitfinary signed and attested by every paymaster general, who shall have to be pud or discharged any part or the said account; the first ac transmitted to count to commence on the tefith day of April, one thousand the auditor of ftvavfr hundred and eighty two, and to end the twenty-fourth theimpreft. day of December following; and every succeeding account to begin on the twenty-fifth day of December, and to end oft the twenty-fourth day of December following, in the last and every fiieceeding year, and to transmit the same, together with proper touchers to the auditor or auditors of the impressed, who shall, and they are hereby directed and required, within six months after the receipt thereof, to examine, or cause to be examined, the said; annual accounts, and, if found satisfactory, to present, or cause tabepresented, the same to the proper officer or officers, for declaration; and when the same is declared, a quietus of acquittance in the usual form, shall be made out to the find paymaster or paymaster general, his or their heirs, executors, and adeninistrators.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the passing of this a, the paymaster Paymaster to generalo^his majesty's forces for the time being shall keep the keep an ac account with the bank of all moneys issued to or directed to be th

paid to him for the service of the army: and the said paymaster*

observing the rules and regulations hereby prescribed,

Stall not be answerable for any money which he shall not a&oftuy receive 5 and the governor and company of the bank of England shall be answerable for all the moneys which shall be adtaally received by them for the service of the army.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, from and after the passing Any oerfai of this act, knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause who U or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and will of\be folly ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, the name or ^after^c. hand of the paymaster general of his majesty's forces for the to obtain time being, or of his deputy, to any draught, cheque paper, in oney, from strument, or writing whatsoever, for or in order to the rccehr

fog or obtaining ny of the money in the hands or cqstody of ki0j1#

t

288 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. [1783.

the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the paymaster general of his majesty's forces; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or assist in tiro forging or counterfeiting, any draught, cheque paper, instrument, or writing, in form of a draught made by such paymaster general of his majesty's forces, or his deputy; or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an intention to defraud any person whatsoever; every such person and persons so offending (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall be, and is and are hereby declared at>d adjudged to be, guilty of felony, and shall fuflfer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Books of ac Xf. And be it enacted, That all books of accounts what

count in the soever kept in the office of paymaster general, shall be held to office^be belong to the said office, and shall not be at the dispo&l of the held to belong paymaster general, to take and dispose of the same as his pri. 10 the same, vate and proper books of account: provided that nothing herein. shall extend to prevent any person or persons who hath or have exercised the office of paymaster general, or his or their executors or administrators, by himself or themselves, or by any person or persons authorised by him or them, from taking copies or extrads thereof, until an acquittance in the exchequer shall be made out for every several paymaster, his heirs, executors, and administrators.

XII. And whereas it appears, front the reports of the emmif ftoners for examining, takings and sating, the public accounts of the kingdom, that the salaries, sees, and gratuities, received by several of the officers, clerks, and servants, employed in the office of pay majlcx general of his Majesty's forces, have, of late years, amounted to sums beyond a reasonable and adequate compilation for their re 1 speftive services; be it therefore enacted by the authority afore

fromdec. 15, said, Thar, from and after the twenty-fifth day of December 1783, no ftes next, no fee, perquisite, emolument, or reward whatsoever ue^'vrhaft111 Cother than and except the salaries and allowances herein after rr's office3for mentioned) shall be taken in the said office for any bugness, business <toiie matter, or thing, to be done therein 5 and in lieu thereof, the therein officers, clerks, and servants, in the said office, shall receive annual salaries, payable quarterly, without dedudion, together with such further augmentations (the said augmentations to be made no oftener than once in the year) as the increase of business in the said office from time to time shall require; the said salaries and augmentations to be regulated by the paymaster M: general, by and with the concurrence of the lords commissioners

j of the treasury, and Iris majesty's approbation had. thereon, and

not otherwise; and a list of the said officers, clerks, and servants, together with an account of the salaries paid, and augmentations made to them from time to time, shall be entered in a book, intituled, The Salary Bock, 'and deposited in the office of the said paymaster general, and copies thereof lodged in the peafury and bank of England; and if any pejrfqn belonging to,

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50.*289

or who (hill hereafter belong to, the said office, shall take or on penalty accept any fee, perquisite, emolument, or reward, (other than and except the salaries and allowances abovementioned) he spacuatfd* shall be dismissed from his office or employment, and be ren for three dered incapable of serving his Majesty in any employment what years, ever for the space of three years.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Fees paid, and all fees paid at the office of the paymaster general, (ince the to be paid, tenth day of Octoberr one thousand seven hundred and eightyr°m two, and which shall be paid at the said office on or before the ^,*783, how twenty-fifth day of December, one thousancf seven hundred nd to bedifpoied eighty-three, shall be deposited in the hands of the cashier of of the said office, or others authorised by the said paymaster general, in order to form a fund, from which a reasonable au mentation to the salaries and appointments of the several officers, clerks, and servants, shall be made, for their services daring the aforesaid period; the said augmentation to be regulated by the said paymaster general, by and with the concurrence of the commissioners of the treasury, and his majesty's approbation obtained thereon, and not "otherwise; and the remainder shall be paid to the treasurer or vice treasurer of Chelsea hospital, to be applied to the fund for an augmentation to the halt pay of officers, and others provided for by this aeft.

XIV. And whereas the agents of the several regiments, troops % and companies, of his majesty's army, have been accustomed to flop two days pay out of the arrears or clearings due to every commissioned officer, avowedly for the purpose of discharging fees of office; and whereas such stoppage not seeming to be warranted either from undet the King's sign manual, or from any other authority whatsoever \ it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the From Dec. 15, twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and 17*3* ag«nts eighty-three, no such stoppage as aforesaid shall be made; and nott° make if any agent shall, after, the said twenty-fifth day of December, fr dist^rs* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, presume to flop ing fees of the said two days pay as heretofore, or any part thereof, such office, agent so offending shall be dismissed from his agency, and be rendered irtcapableof serving his Majesty in that capacity for the space of three years.

XV. And whereas a confederate annual sum of money is or may be saved from the allowance for clothing of certain invalid and independent companies, a large part of which saving is cr may be rendered permanent; be it hereby enacted, That all sums saved from the Savings in the said allowance, or brought in account in consequence of any clothing of savings to be made in the administration of Chelsea hospitau shall nes CC be paid to the treasurer or vice treasurer of the said hospital, to how^tob/ap wards.a fund for an augmentation to the half-pay of officers plied, who have been or shall be maimed or grievously wounded in his majesty's land service, or as an augmentation to the pensions of widows, or as pensions to the children of such officers as have been killed in the said land service, as his Majesty shall direct and appoint; provided that no addition to half-pay, in

consequence

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. [1783.

consequents of maims of wounds, or pea (ions to widows wfcofe husbands have, or shall have; been killed in his kfrjffty'a for vice, shall exceed jwenty five pounds a year; nor shall the allowance to a Single child of an officer killed exceed twenty pounds, a year, nor be continued longer (if a male) than to twenty-five years of age, or until he be provided for ict'hia majesty's service; or, if more children are left, the (hate of each child shall not exceed twelve pounds a year, to be continued 10 the males as aforesaid, and no otherwise

Not to deprive

XVI provided always, and be it enacted by the fitttbofity tb Mymaster aforesaid, That nothing in this. a contained shall be conarued ot iwe tifual to deprive the paymaster general of the ufusl allowances for mnsddfcu»dr fowfclf, W for contingencies, nor to Levant him from admi forcontingen niftering or applying, the hud contingencies according to the cies. usual course of office.

Mot to take

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing away the herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to p°werftf tbf lac away? dmfinish, or alter, the power of the paymaster ge wmovln^of n?ra? of his majesty's forces, to appoint remove, or change, at ficers employ his pleasure, all or any of the officers, and; clerks employed in io hit of his said office; or, with the confept and approbation of the fice. See. of; Of the treasury, any three of them, signuiod in writing, to increase die number of such clerks, in case the circumftaocea of the bugness of the said office Should render such an increasq necessary; which laid additions) officers, and clerks shall, upon their respective appointments, become in titled to the like salaries as are herein-before directed to be paid to Vhe officers and clerks in a similar rank and station in the said office, aind shall be subjcdlto all the rules, regulations, provisions, pains, and penalties, to which the officers and clerks now exiting in the said office are mads by this aisb

XVIII. And whereat it appears, by the report made by the cm missioners appointed to examine take, aftd Jlafe, the public accounts of the kingdom, that making the payment of the army more fmplet expeditious and intelligible would be of great public utility: and whereas it is proper that regulations Should be made for that purpose

All estimates, be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth day of December, debentures, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, all estimates, dc see. to be made bentures> clearing warrants, and all warrants and accounts of from Dec? 25. whatsoever nature they may be, belonging to the army, whether for the spacq of one or more years, (any part or parts of a year, as the service may require, exceptca,) shall be made out from the twenty-fifth day of December, in every year $ any other Statute or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And whereas the dividing the establishments under their ft

Secretary at vera °fft"* wwld greatly facilitate the aforesaid purpofts \

war to form be it enacted, That the secretary at war shall, and he is hereby

estimates of directed and required to form, or cause to be formed, estimates

the several for the several annual services of which the establishments of

vices tinder fe army con > is to say, an estimate of the charge of the

distina heads, pensions to be paid to the widows of commissioned officers; an

estimsfte

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50.

cftio^atc of the charge of the clothing of the uoti commuboti^d officers and private then of his Majesty's regular forces; n cftu nwtjp oath charge of agency, charged m, the clearing of the fenexal corps, and of the allowances made to the agent of fa fpbfi^epee of non*effectice men, called Warrant Men an efti te of the charge of the in and out pensioners of Chelsea bofpir tsl and of the expenses of the said hospital; an estimate of the atffosu pay of the commissioned officers, and non commissioned oncers, and private men, of his majesty's faroes, on the several efcbufhn^ents; an estimate of the charge of the allowances made to captains, paymasters, surgeons, and for the use of riding matters, rough riders, and expepces incident to the same; an estimate of the charge of the allowance to the paymaster general of his majesty's land forces, the secretary at war, the committary general of the mutter, the judge advocate, their deputies, clerks, and the contingent expense of their respective offices, exchequer fees, and all other services now paid oitf of the dedudion of twelve pence in the pound, and one day's pay, and not otherwise provided for by this act: and the said Copies where secretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and requir^ tq of to be traef transmit copies of the said estima^es, so soon as the same have odttedtothe been agreed to by the house of commons, to the office of thp paym paymaster general of his majesty's land forces.

XX. And be it enacted, That, from the twenty fifth day of p*ym*4tatto Duembjr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the for* paymaster general of his majesty's land forces mall, and fa is

hereby directed and required to form his memorials and, requi forinp^es apr Ctions to the treasury, and to issue his drafts upon the governor propriated for and company of the bank of England, upon, the twenty. fqyrt& doling, <» day of June, and twenty-fourth day of Deamber> m every year, in equal payments, to such person or persons as have V regular nually/ alignment from the several cqlqness, lieutenant colonelscommandant, majors and captains conpn^n4ant, and captains, for the moneys appropriated for the clothing of the nori commis

Honed officers and private men of his majesty's. regular forces.

XXI. Provided always, That nothing in this act dull cxr Not to titer tend, or be construed to extend, to the making any alteration the privileges, in the privileges, profits, or emoluments which the said coio

nets, lieutenant colonels commandant, major, and captains iicut. cole. commandant, and captains, now derive, either from the cloth relative to ing, or the non effiedive. men, calied; Ifarrflfit Mtnf or Haul clothing, or bots, of their respective regiments, troops, and companies; but non*fl«ctive the said colonels, lieutenant colonels, commandant, majors ^cn' and captains commandant, and, captains, shall continue io enjoy and receive the same privilege, profits, and emoluments, as they would otherwise enjoy and receive from the net offreckonings, and from the nan effectice men, called Warrant Men, or Hautbois of their respective, regiments and corps, had this act not been made

XXII. And, far the better prevention, of the issuing frap the ep-

(bejuer ay, more moneys than./kali be necessary for the pufpofet rer

cited

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. [1783.

Secretary at cited in this afi; be it enacted, That, from and after the passing rtatraaf. Gf th; s 3^ the secretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed paymaster's an required, from time to time, to transmit to the office erf the office an ac paymaster general of his majesty's Jand forces, an account of count of the the effective commissioned and non commissioned officers and effective offi private men of his majesty's regular forces, and embodied mi vaw8*regulars tia ^erv^ng n Great Britain, distinguishing each corps fcve and embodied rally and the said pajjnafter general shall, and he is hereby militia, in directed and required, to form his memorials and requihtions. Great Britain. ancj to j{fuc his drafts, as aforesaid, for the subsistence of the said effective commissioned and non commissioned officers and

Not to extend to alignments, debentures, C prior to Dec. »5» »7*3-

Paymaster rtftiy issue certain allowances to agents monthly.

Allowances to colonels of subsistence of non effective men, to be added to their pay.

Secretary at war to form an estimate of moneys northeast ctflary for recruiting each regiment, C and so trauf mu it to the paymaster's office.

private men, according to the said accounts, and for no other service under the said title or description.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any assignments, debentures, clearing warrants, or other warrants or accounts of the army, for periods prior to the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; but all such alignments, debentures, clearing warrants, or other warrants or accounts, shall oe prepared and made up in the same manner as they would have been, had this act not been made.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this adfc shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the paymaster general of his majesty's forces from issuing; to the agents of the respective regiments, troops, and companies, in monthly payments, the allowances given to the agents, in lieu of the subsistence of the non effective men, called Warrant Men, formerly paid to them.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the allowances heretofore made to the colonel or commandant, known by the name of allowances to the colonel of the subsistence of non effectwe meny called Warrant Men and Hautbois, shall be added to the pay of the said colonels and commandants; and the paymaster general of his majesty's forces shall, and he is hereby directed and required to issue the same, in monthly payments, at the time the subsistence of the army is issued.

XXVI. And whereas the method offetting apart the subsistence of the non effective meny as a fund for the recruiting and other contingent fervidly tends to obfeurity and confusion in accounts; be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the secretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form, or cause to be formed, from time to time, an estimate of the moneys which may be necessary for recruiting each regiment, troop, or company, of his majesty's forces, and to transmit the said estimate to the office of the paymaster general of his majesty's land forces; who shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requisitions, and to issue his drafts, as aforesaid, for the same, at the times, and in the proportions, which the said secretary at war shall direct!; and to charge the same to the account of each regiment,

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. 293

troop, and company, for whose use the said moneys have been issued.

XXVII. And whereas it is necessary that accounts of the recruiting service Should be regularly transmitted \ it enacted, That Recruiting every officer employed n the recruiting any regiment, troop, officer, every or company, of his majesty's forces, shall, and he is hereby directed and required, every two months, to make up and toabstract0f transmit, examined and certified by his commanding officer, if the numbers resident in Great Britain, (who in this case shall, and he is here recruited, C by directed and required to certify the same,) to the adjutantt0 lheea^uj general of his majesty's forces, an abstract of the numbers re

cruited during the two preceding months, and also to transmit agent, a copy of the said abstract, together with a regular and exact account of the expenses which have attended the said service during the two preceding months, to the agent of the corps for which such officer is recruiting respectively; and on failure Penalty on herein, the officer, through whcfe neglect such abstract and neglect. account, or a copy thereof, shall not have been transmitted to the adjutant general, or to the agent of the corps respectively,

shall be liable to be tried for such neglect by a general court-martial, and, if convicted, shall be cashiered, or shall suffer such other punishment as by such court-martial shall be awarded; and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company, in which such neglect shall be committed, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make a report thereof to his colonel, if in Great Britain, who shall report the same to the commander in chief, or to the secretary at war, in order that the officer so fteglecting may be brought to trial for the same.

XXVIII. And whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased to direct a part of the poundage deduced from his forces to be returned;

be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth day of December, Directions to

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the secretary at the secretary

war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form,

cause to be formed, on the twenty-fourth day of June, and [n poundage

twenty-fourth day of December, in every year, an account for deduced.

the preceding six months, of the moneys necessary to be issued

for defraying the expense of repaying such parts of the poundage

deduced from the pay of the forces as are now returned to the

effective men of his majesty's foot forces, or which his Majesty shall, by warrant under his royal sign manual, hereafter direct

to be repaid; and to transmit the same to the office of the paymaster

general of his majesty's land forces, who shall, and is

hereby directed and required, within fourteen days from the

receipt thereof, to form his memorials and requisitions, and to

issue his drafts, as aforesaid, for the same, upon the said twenty

fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth day of December, and to charge them to the account of efcch corps, as aforesaid.

XXIX. And whereas it is expedient to hep the services which are

now provided for out of the fubfjlence issued for the non effective Secretary at men, or the contingencies, more dislinfi; be it enacted, That^secretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to tjmates herein'O' forrrl, rr.enfioned;

and to transmit them to the pay office.

Certain annua! allow, adces to be made to captains of foot, Sic.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50.

[17s3.

form, or cause to be formed, from time to time, an eftiroite d? the moneys necessary to be tftued on account of the extra price of bread, when his majesty's troops are in barracks; also ah estimate, from tiny to time, of the moneys necessary to be issued sot defraying the expenses of marches; also on or before the first day of November iri every year, an estimate of the mo w nies necessary to be issued For ni majesty's horse and drigoon forces, usually called Grass Money; and also, on the twenty-fourth day of Julie and twenty-fourth day of December, in every year, an estimate of the moneys necessary to be issued for the expenses of deserters, subsistence of discharged men, sees 4f offices, hospital expenses, carriage and expenses of new arms, travelling expenses of officers and horses before they join the regiment; together with all lesser contingencies, now ufuafty paid, or which his Majesty shall, by any future regulations, under his royal sigh manual, dirndl to be allowed to and for the use of each regiment, troop, and company, of his forces; and to transmit the same to the office of paymaster general of hie 1 Majesty's land forces, who shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requifttions, and to iaue his drafts as aforesaid, for the several moneys contained in the said estimates, at such times, and in such proportions, as the (Secretary at war shall direct, or are otherwise provided for by this act, and to charge the same to the account of each corps; as aforesaid.

XXX. And whereas it has been the practice to apply part of the non effective subsejlente to the use of captains of troops and companies of his majesty's regular land forces: and whereas the said allowance is substantially equitable; but it will be more convenient to make a specific allowance in lieu thereof; be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, an annual allowance shall be made to each of the captains of companies of foot, during their continuance in service, according to thecftabliftiment of their fespective companies; that is to say, when the companies' are at the establishment of seventy six men or upwards, the aforesaid annual allowance shall be fifty six pounds ten Shillings; the companies are reduced in their establishment under seventy six, and above fifty men, the aforesaid annual allowance shall be

are

forty seven pounds seven Shillings and sixpence; and when the companies are reduced in their establishment to fifty men or under, the aforesaid allowance shall be thirty-eight pounds five Shillings; send also the annual allowance of thirty pounds ndw made to the captains of troops of horse and dragoons, shall continue to be made; for which said allowances the paymaster general of his majesty's land forces shall, an^l he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requisitions, and to issue his drafts as aforesaid, on the twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth day of Dctember % in every year, in equal payments, and to charge the same to the account of the severaf regiments, troops, and companies, to which the said captains belong.'

-'xxxr. j*i

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. fc. $0. 293

XXXI. And whereas the captains of thi regiment and independent' companies of invalids, have been accustomed to receive the subftjlence of certain non effective men called Contingent Men, as an indemnification for the repairs of arms, burials, and Losses by men dying in their debt, and have olfo been allowed the pay of the non effective nan in their fold fevetal companies: and whereas the regiment and independent companies of invalids have been considered as an honourable retirement for officers of long fetvtce, and it is proper to make a suitable and more equal provision for that branch of the service; be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth day of December, Annual alone thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, an annual allowancet to Iowa nee of one hundred pounds shall be made to each of theb* made to captain of the regiment and independent companies of inva jhewg^ent lids, when the establhhment of their respective companies shall andindepend acnount to seventy private men, or upwards; and ah annual ant companies allowance of eighty pounds wheh the establishment is under the*f invalid said number of private men; for which said allowances the paymaster general of his majesty's land forces shall, and he ts hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requisitions, and to issue his drafts as aforesaid on the twenty-fourth day of and twenty.fourth day of December, in every year, in equal payments, and to charge the same to the account of the icgiifient and independent companies of invalids.

XXXII. And whereas his Majesty has been pleased to toufe repayment to be made to the non commissioned officers and private men of his foot forces, of the stoppages made for the use of the paymasters and surgeons: and whereas it is proper to make provision sot the pap majursand Jmrgeons in lieu thereof; be it enacted, That, from the Annual allow twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and tnc*to* eighty-three, an annual allowance of one hundred and twenty mafteta°any* pounds shall be made to each of the said paymasters and fur surgeons of gcons, when the establishment of their companies is fifty pri the foot vale men, or upwards \ % and an annual allowance of seventy j?rce, »pounds, after the companies shall be reduced in their establishment below the said number of private men: for which said pages made allowances, the paymaster general of his majesty's forces shall, for their use. and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requisitions, and to issue his drafts as aforesaid, Nupon the twenty-fourth day of June and twenty-fourth day of December, in every year, in equal payments; and to charge the same to the account of each corps, as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And whereas it has been usual for the allowances made te the paymasters, surgeons, riding majters, and rough riders, of his Majesbfs horse and dragoon forces, to be paid to them out of thje mo nits tffited under the name of Orafs Money, and it is proper to make Annual tb distmfl provision in lieu thereof; be it enacted, Thar, from the ^ymaftent twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fargeoni, 9eighty-three, an annual allowance, at and after the rate of teh riding mat pounds for every troop of and in each regiment of his majesty's LI

Borfe and dragoon forces, shall be made to each of the said pay dragocs so matters, when the establishment of the troop amounts to fortyrieu ofgrafa

private money.

Gc; Ie

29$

Paymaster of every regiment, C to transmit to the agent, every two month?, an account of subsistence actually paid therein.

And twice in every year to transmit to the said agent the several accounts herein fpicified.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50., [17h31

private men, or upwards; and an annual allowance at and after the rate of seven pounds fifteen Shillings, for every troop, shall be made to each of the said paymasters, after they shall be reduced in their establishment below the said number of private men; and also an annual allowance, at and after the rate of eight pounds for every troop of and in each regiment of his majesty's horse and dragoon forces, shall be made t6 each of the said surgeons, when the establishment of the troop amounts, to forty private men; and an annual allowance, at and after the rate of six pounds four Shillings, for every troop, shall he made to each of the said surgeons, after they shall be reduced in their establishment below the said number of private men; and also an annual allowance, at and after the rate of twenty-three pounds six Shillings, for every troop of and in each regiment of his majestyyhorfe and dragoon forces, shall be made to the colonel, lieutenant colonel, and major commandant, of every corps, for the use of the said riding matters, rough riders, or for incidental expenses relating to the same, when the establishment of the troop amounts to forty private men; and an annual allowance, at and after the rate of eighteen pounds one shilling, for every troop, shall be made to the said colonels, lieutenant colonels, and majors commandant, for the aforesaid purposes, after they shall be reduced in their establishment below the said number of private men: for which said allowances, the paymaster general of his majesty's land forces shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requisitions, and to issue his drafts as aforesaid, on the twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth day of December, in every year, in equal payments; and to charge the same to the account of each corps, as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That every paymaster of a regiment, troop, or company, of his majesty's regular forces, or embodied militia, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make out, and transmit to the agent of such regiment, troop, or company, an account, every two months, of the exact subsistence actually paid to effective officers and men, and of the broken periods arising from deaths, desertions, or discharges, of men, in the course of the said two months: and on the twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth dny of December, in every year, the said paymaster shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make up, and, within three months from each of the above periods, to transmit to the said agent, the following accounts; that is to say, an account of all the expenses which have attended the recruiting service of his majesty's regular forces, for the preceding six months, distinguistiine the subsistence of recruits, levy money, and every other article of expense, under their several heads; an account of the poundage paid to the effective men, in the preceding six months; an account of the allowances made for the extra price of bread, to such of the troop who have been in barracks, the preceding six months; an account of the expenses which have attended

by

1^83.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. 6. $0; 297

the marches of any regiment, troop, or company, from one part of Great Britain to Another; an account of the moneys paid, for the preceding Jix months, usually called Graft Money; an account of hospital expenses, travelling expenses of officers and horses. Before they join the troop, or regiment, anti all other less contingencies which are now, or which his Majesty shall, by any ftiture regulations under his royal sign manual, direct to be allowed sot the preceding six months, under their several heads; the said respective accounts to examined and certified by the commanding officer of each respective cotps, who shall, and he is hereby directed and rfcauirdd to efcatstine and certify the same 5 and on failure herein, the paymaster, through whose neglect the said respective accounts shall not be transmitted as aforesaid, shall be liable to a trial for such neglect by h general court-martial, and if convicted, shall be cashiered, of shall suffer such other punishment as by such court-martial shall be awarded; and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company, in which such neglect shall be committed, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make a report thereof to his colonel, if in Great Britain, who shall report the same to the commander in chief, or to the secretary ac war, in order that the officers offending may be brought to a trial for the same.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That, from and after the twenty Agents to fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty aictc?0uiits four, the agent of every regiment, troop, and company, of his of their r # regular forces, and embodied militia, shall, and are spective regi hereby directed and required to make up an annual account of t, llb* each regiment, troop, and company, for the preceding year, V ending the twenty-fourth day of December; the accounts of the forces and militia serving in Great Britain, to be made up within six months after the expiration of the year; the accounts of the federal corps on foreign service, within two months after the respective accounts, enabling the agents to make up their said annual accounts, shall be received by the said agents; and in the said accounts, the several imprests, or moneys received, including the moneys received for cad korfes sold, and every other receipt which belongs and ought to be brought to the credit of the publick, in the accounts of the respective corps, and the several disbursements or moneys paid, shall be properly distinguished under their several heads of fovice, the arrears due to the several officers, and the agency due to them, upon the full pay of the commissioned officers, noncommissioned officers, and private men, of the several corps then and there to be charged, and the balance then (truck which is doe from the publick to the said regiment, troop, and company; r.

and to transmit the same within the aforesaid limited time, to gether with proper vouchers, agreeable to the present (landing fecmtry at*regulations, or any future regmatipus which his Majesty shall, war, and pay under his royal sign manual, direct, to the office of the secretary nwfter*gen> Vot. XXXIV X at

Z

on forfeiture of tool

Not to discharge agents from making up such other accounts a the secretary at war may require.

Directions relative to mustering the forces

Directions for making out army Debentures and clearing warrants.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. [1783.

at war and a copy thereof to the office of the paymaster general of his majesty's land forces; and on failure herein or in any other of the regulations prescribed to the said agents by this a the said agent or agents so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every offence to be recovered by any person or persons who shall sue for the same; and the ieccetary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to examine and settle or cause to be examined and settled the aforesaid annual accounts, and to transmit the lame, together with certificates of the several charges allowed in the said accounts, and the balances of the same within three months after the receipt of the said accounts respectively to the office of the paymaster general of his majesty's land forces.

XXXVI. Provided always, That this act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any agent or agents from making up, in the course of the year, such account or accounts as the secretary at war may have occasion for or require; and any agent or agents, refuting obedience to such requisition or requisitions, shall be liable to the penalty aforesaid).

XXXVII. And whereas the common practice of mustering the forces, is not of present use, be it enacted, That his majesty's forces shall be mustered on, or as near as may be to, the twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth day of December, in every year; at which time the commissaries mall, and they are hereby directed and required to take exact lists of all the commissioned and noncommissioned officers, and private men, then actually existing in the several regiments, troops, and companies; and also lists of such commissioned and noncommissioned officers, and private men, who have been in the several regiments, troops, and companies, for any part or parts of the preceding half year, specifying the periods at which such officers, and private men, came into the several corps, and when they died, or where removed and also the dates and attestations of all recruits, acquired in the preceding half year: and the commissary general of musters shall, and he is Hereby directed and required to transmit the same to the offices of the secretary at war, and paymaster general of his majesty's land forces, and comptrollers of the accounts of the army, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, and first day of May, following the said musters respectively.

XXXVIII. And whereas the present method of making out tbs army debentures and clearing warrants is inconvenient; be it enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the secretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to prepare and send, together with the annual accounts of the agents, and certificates aforesaid, warrants to the office of the paymaster general of his majesty's land forces, authorising and directing the said paymaster general to make out debentures, wherein the films born on the several establishments, and the moneys disbursed du account thereof, shall be specified, and the balance certified,

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51 — 53.99

which is due to 6r from each regiment, troop, and company, of his majesty's regular forces, and embodied militia; which said debenture the paymaster general shall, and he is hereby di recced and required to transmit to the office of the said secretary at war, within three months from the receipt thereof; and the secretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required, immediately on receipt of the said debentures, to make out, or cause to be made out, clearing warrants, directing and authorising the said paymaster general to form memorials and requisitions, and to issue hi drafts as aforesaid, for the balanceor net moneys due to each regiment, troop, and company, of his Majesty's regular forces, and embodied militia, for clearings, and to charge the same to the account of the said regiment, troop, and company; and the said clearing warrants shall authorise and direct the paymaster general to make the excess which shall arise upon the several establishments, after deducing therefrom the moneys so disbursed and paid as aforesaid, a favingv and to carry it to the credit of the public; and to charge' every deficiency, which shall arise from the several establishments not being sufficient to discharge the disbursements paid on account as aforesaid, to the general account of contingencies, or to such other fund as may be applicable thereto.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That this act shall not extend, This at not or be construed to extend, to the making any alteration in the to extend to present mode or regulation of the two troops of horse guards, or 5^, the two troops of horse grenadier guards, the royal regiment of foot guards, horse guards, and the three regiments of foot guards; but the same shall continue in the pracitc of the same mode and regulations as they would otherwise have done had this ac not been made.

CAP. LI.

An act to repeal an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for further punishment of vagabonds calling themselves Egyptians.

act 5 Eliz. 10. recited, and repealed.

CAP. LII.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, within the realm of Great Britain.

Number of forces 17, 483, including, 030 invalids. — This ac to continue in the realm ot Great Britain, from June 24, 1783; till March 25,7*4-

Cap. iman

act to enable the commijfmers of supply of the several therein mentioned, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to assess and levy certain sums for relieving such of inhabitants

X of

300 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 53. [1783.

T the said aunties as have been reduced to by the

of the laji year's crop of tornj and to enable his during the next recess of parliament, by and with the adviee of his privy tounth, to permit the importation of torn into said tomtits for a limited time, and in ships or vessels belonging to any fate in amity with his Majesty, navigated by foreign

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, it is highly nettssary to matefomeprovifmfor y,^relief of futbof the inhabitants of the tounties of

Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Rots, Nairne, cro martie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, as are or shall be reduced to dislrefs by the failure of the crop of corn, and the

fearettyand high price of corn occafeoned thereby: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho commission* rity of the same, That the of of supply for the said ers of supply several and respective counties of Kincardine, Aberdeen, Info certain verntfs. Rtfs, Nairne, cromartargyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, counties in Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, may, and

afofohemayby are hereby authorised (if the circumstances of the said < landholders to counties shall require and admit thereof) to assess and levy upon*raise a sum of all and every the heritors and landholders within their respectmoneyt tive shires, a sum of money not exceeding fourteen pounds Scots on every one hundred pounds Scots of valued relit of the said counties respectively; such sum to be raised and levied in the same manner, and with and under the same powers and authorities, as are directed by an act made in this present feigoa of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand /'evenhundred and eighty-three, with respect to the cess thereby directed to be raised and levied.

II. And be it further enacted, That the of of sup

in relieving Pty acting within and for the several (hikes aforesaid respectively,

inhabitants shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to apply the

reduced to moneys arising by virtue of the assessment authorised to be made Yrr bir this act, in relieving such of the inhabitants of the said retail year's °* spe&'ive shires as have been reduced to indigence by the failure crop. of the last yeary crop, and in such way and manner as the said of in their judgement and discretion shall think fit.

His Majesty

III. And whereas it may be y during the next recess of

empowered, lament, to permit the fret importation of corn into the said several recrfmtfpar and respective counties of Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness,

liament, to*r°fs. Nairne, Cromartie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, iflhe his pro Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, be it clamation for further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for.his importation*of Majesty, by his royal proclamation, to be issued by and with corn, for four the advice of his privy council, to permit the importation af

corn

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54 — 56. 30t

corn for the space of four months, to be computed from the months, into third day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty the three, into the said several and respcfiive counties of Perth, cottn "eif Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Refs, Nairne, Cromartie, ar gyl*+ Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton,

Orkney, and Zetland; and that all such com, to be imported by virtue of or under such proclamation, shall not be subject or liable to the payment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever; and such com so imported may be carried coastways under the same regulations as corn being the growth of this kingdom; anything in any former act or ?£ts of parlia* mfent to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Whatcom said. That the said corn, (videlicet) corn, grain, or flour, wheat, and flour may or wheat flour, rye, rye flour, barley, oats, peas, and all sorts of be imported, corn, grain, and meal, and pulse, may be imported into the aforesaid places in any ship or vessel belonging to any date in amity with his Majesty, his heirs and successors, navigated by foreign seamen.

CAP. LIV.

An act for providing a proper workhouse, within the parish of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, and for better regulating the poor within the said pardh.

CAP. LV.

An act for building a new goal for the; town and county of the town of icingfton upon hu.l; for purebating an additional burial ground for the use of the parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said town) for regulating the fares of hacknty coachmen, chairmen, and porters, and the prices of carriage of goods; for altering the time of lighting lamps; for ascertaining the breadth of party walls, and for preventing certain nui lances within the said town, liberties, and precincts thereof; for amending an act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and establishing public quays or wharves at Kingshm upon Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built oppoflte to certain ftaitbs in (be said act described; and for other purports.

CAP. LVI.

An act to allow the drawback of the whole duty of upon the

( exportation of rite.

WHEREAS by an a8made in thit present session of parliament, ( intituled An act for allowing the importation ofrecitaj0f rice, paddy, Indian corn, Indian meal, and maize, free of duty, s. of the for a limited time,) Rice is permitted to be imported into Great present ff britain, from any place whatsoever, at any time or times before the thirtieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and three, without payment of any subsidy, cust, or duty, on importation

whatsoever: now, in order to encourage the trade and commerce of this kingdom, may it please your Majesty that it may be

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 57, [*783.'

enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and corifent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament asst sembled, and by the authority of the same, That, upon the 1783! a sraj exportation of any rice which shall be imported into this back of the kingdom after the said thirtieth day of September one thou whole duty of farid seven hundred and eighty-three, instead and in lieu of all former drawbacks, the exporter shall be allowed a drawback or the^xporta*1 ahowance of all the duties of customs which were paid upon tioa otrice, the importation of such rice j which drawback shall be made and allowed in such manner, and under fitch roles, regulations, penalties, nd forfeitures, as any former drawback or allowance payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of such rice, was, could, or might be paid and allowed, if this adk had not been made.

CAP. LVII.

An act for the salt of prize goods secured in warehousts in this king domy for which toe duties are not paidy or the goods exported, within a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS great quantities of prize goods, which bar been taken during the late hostilities, are now remaining in several warehouses in this kingdom, in which they were secured in pursuance of several assis of parliament made for the relief of the cap tors of prizes with ref petit to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom: And whereas, now the hojiilities are ceafid, it is expedient that such warehouses Should be cleared of such goods within a reasonable time, to be allowed for that purpose: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho if warehoused ri; y of the same. That if fych 'goods shall not be either ex pntt goods ported, or the full duties paid for the same, on or before the ^orted oitthe twenty-fifth day f December, one thousand seven hundred and Suties paid,eighty-five, but shall then continue and be dill remaining ia before Dec' such warehouses, it shall and may be lawful for the commission5» V ers of his majesty's customs at Londonox Edinburgh respectively, commission or any three or more of them for the time being, to cause such toa/fetuhe*118 e^ods remaining to be publicly sold, by auction or inch of kmc. candle, to the best bidder 5 and the money arising by such sale

to be applied, first, in discharge of the duties diie and payable for such goods, and the expenses of such falej and the overplus (jf any) to be paid to the proprietor of such goods, or other person duly authorised to receive the same.'*

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58.

303

CAP. LVIII.

An ail far graining to his Majesty several additional and now duties upon stamped vellum parchment, and paper; and also for repealing certain exemptions from the stamp duties

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have freely granted unto your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional and new lamp duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, 1 in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the From Aug*same, That, from and after the first day of August, one thou j£*?n sand seven hundred and eighty-three, there shall be levied, Outiefto bn collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britaitiy paid to his unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, Majesty5 VI

the several lamp duties following; that is to say, dehcetj

For every

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or which&ftia?inbe piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print written or ed, any receipt, or other discharge, for any legacy left by any printed a rewill or other testamentary instrument, or for any share or part jcc,

Of a personal estate, divided by force of the Statute of distributi exceeding ons, or the custom of any province or place, the amount whereo1.an addi of shall not exceed the value of twenty pounds, there shall be tional duty charged an additional lamp duty of two Shillings and six f d. pence; and where the amount shall exceed the value of twenty pounds, and not amount to one hundred pounds, an additi a" 100*onal damp duty of five Shillings; and where the amount there 100\t los of shall be of the value of one hundred pounds, an additional anf1 a 1^3, 4/ starop duty of twenty Shillings; and a like additional lamp dition upon duty upon every further sum of one hundred pounds, so left by every tool, any will or other testamentary instrument, or for any share or £?rc'£ry part of a personal estate, divided by force of the Statute of dif on which toll tributions, or the custom of any province or place: be written or

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or printed any piece of paper, upon which shall be ingroired, written, or probateof a printed, any probate of a will, or letters of administration, for or above the any estate of or above the value of one hundred pounds, there value of 1001. shall be charged an additional lamp duty of twenty Shillings; an additional and a further additional duty of twenty Shillings, where the duty f s estate is of or above the value of three hundred pounds; and a Bool, value further additional duty of twenty Shillings, where the estate is " of oi of or above the value of six hundred pounds; and a further ad 6oo|*

x4 dhional*of}1

304 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. [1783.

t^jooi. value, ditional duty of twenty Shillings, where the estate is of or above — of, 1. the value of one thousand pounds:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or An additional piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, oj print dun want n Great Britain, any indenture, Tease, or other deed, for din 17geo.j. which a lamp duty of one shilling and sixpence is payable, by viz. an ioden virtue of an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his tore, leaf or present Majesty, except bonds given as security for the payment ?er, d'd of any sum or (urns of money, there shall be charged an addi rtamp duty oftional stamp duty'of one shilling

is.«d i For every (kin or piece of vellum Or parchment, sir sheet or

granted ex piece of paper, upon which any bond shall be ingrossed, wrh cept bond ten, or printed, given as security for any sum of money, the ntytor pay u amount whereof shall Exceed one hundred pounds, there shall ment of be charged an additional stamp duty of five Shillings, and

money.) where the amount thereof shall be of the value of five hundred

On bonds for pounds, or upwards, there shall be charged an additional (lamp above iool.an duty of ten Shillings:

dutuofn % f For every (kin or piece of vellum qr parchment, or sheet or piec?

for cod*and p3pcr* upon wh^h shall he ingrossed of written any original upwards ibs. writ (except such original qpon which a writ of Capias ifiues) every (kin, Subpepia* bill of Middlesex % Latitat, writ of Capias, Quo Minus, C contain writ of pedimus Pofejlqlem to take anfyrers, e^arqine witnesses, inganorjp or appoint guardians, or any other writ'whatsoever, or any pttnt&c. other ptocefe or mandate that shall issue out or pass the seals of

where the any he courts at fvtjlminster, courts of the great sessions in

debt or da Walts^courts in the counties palatine, or any other court whar

mabe amounts soever holding plea, where the debt dr damage doth amount to d^uonal^uty rty Shillings or above, dr the thing in demand is oif that of 6d. value, (writs of covenant for levying fines, writs of entry for

suffering comqipn recoveries, and writs of Habeas Corpus, al mns^hoid ways excepted>) <hall* charged an additional lamp duty twoecclefiaf of sixpence:

t»c»l livings. For every (kin or pjece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Uc. arkxtidi piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed written, 'or print t.onaldutyof^any dispensation to hold two ecclesiastical dignities or bene on admissions hoes or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other dispensation into either ot or faculty from the lord arqhbishop of Canterbury, or the maftef the inns of of the faculties for the time being, there mall be charged an act coart. an additional stamp duty of forty Shillings: '

0^40* Ut For cvcry ^, n or P1CCC ve^yin or parchment, or sheet or imdon every Piece upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print

regiller or any sdmhfion into any of the four inns of court, thebe' (hill

ctrtifkate of le charged an additional stamp duty of forty Shillings: the decree of Fqr every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or t^ken thtrttn P, CCF p3pcr> upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print an adtfuional* any register, entry, testimonial, or certificate of the degree1. of utter barrister, taken in any of the said four inns of court,

C there shall be charged an additional stamp duty of four pounds:

grnhjohet For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beef or ter patent piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print

(d,

ik

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. 305

ed, any grant or letters patent under the great Teal of Gw* under the Britain, or the seal of the duchy or county palatine of gnat seal, or

of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty, or privi leal of the lege to any person or persons, body politic or corporate, or £ "*7*,

exemplification of the same, (commissions of rebellion in pro" " cess always excepted,) there shall be charged an additional tic. an addi fiamp duty of forty Shillings: tional 40s.

For every (kin or piece of vellum jr parchment, or sheet or On every ad piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written or print mittance of a ed, any admittance, or instrument for admitting, of any fellow of the college of physicians, or of any attorney, clerk, advocate, phyfcians, or proctor, notary or other officer or officers, in any court what of an attor soever in Great Britain, (not being an annual officer in any cor ney Pro "r poration or inferior court, whose office is under the' value of ten pounds per antium, in salary sees, or other perquisites)) "

shall be charged an additional lamp duty of forty Shillings:

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of Oa bills of paper r upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any note or bill of lacting, which mall be signed for any goods or Reported, an merchandizes to be exported, there shall be charged an additio additional d. nal damp duty of fourpence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (het or On certificates piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print for drawing ed, any certificate or debenture for drawing back any customs act af, y or duties, or any part of any customs or duties, for or in respect p^jion*an of the rethipping or exporting of any goods or merchandizes, gd.

which shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, from Great Britain,for pny parts beyond the seat, there shall be charged an additional lamp duty of eight pence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or On every d piece of paper, upon which, shall be ingrossed or written, any citation or mo ration, or monition, made in any ecclesiastical court, or any libel "g" or allegation, defposition, answer, sentence, or final decree, or court, can any inventory exhibited in any ecclesiastical court, the courts of additional is. admiralty or cinque ports, or whereupon any copies of them respectively shall be ingrossed or written or upon which shall be ingrossed or written any protest, or any other notorial aft whatsoever, there shall be charged an additional damp duty of one shilling:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or On every con piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any veyanee, fur conveyance, surrender of grants or offices, release, or other deed rend*r whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of record in any of the courts at tvtflminster, or in any other court of record whatso record in any ever, or by any Custoi Rctulorum, or clerk of the peace, there court of rediall be charged an additional damp duty of two Shillings and an

sixpence: as. 6 th

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or'

pie of papes'which shall be ingrossed or written any "nt!

writ'of covenant for levying fines, any writ of entry for suffer fines,

ing a common recovery, and any exemplification, of what na an additive (ever, that (Mil pass the stal of any court whatsoever, tional js.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. [1783.

there shall be charged an additional lamp duty of five Shillings*every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingossed or written any beneficial warrant or order, under the sign manual of his majesty, his heirs or successors, (except warrants or order for

be

306

On every beneficial warrant, under his majesty'e sign manual.

an additional the service of the navy, army, and ordnance) there shall warrants charged an additional lamp duty of five ftiillings: orders for the service of the navy, army, and ordinance.)

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or crir piece of paper, upon which shall be ingossed or written any frock in any transfer of nock in any company, society, or corporation, within company, C Great Britain, there shall be charged an additional lamp duty in Great of two Shillings and threepence:

sd'ti1*21 or everyk'n or p^cc vchum or parchment, or sheet or

si/td.0 piece paper, upon which shall be ingossed, written, or prints On every fur4, any copy any surrender of, and admittance to, any render of, or custom right or tenant right estate, not being copyhold, which; admittances shall pass by surrender and admittance, or by admittance only m*ffht an all not Pa^(except such cu(lorn right or

efls^not tenant right estates as shall not exceed the clear yearly value of copyhold, twenty Shillings) within those parts of Great Britain called Eng which had land, Wales and the town or Berwick upon Tweed there (had dce/h?en - chars^4 an additional damp duty of two Shillings and six

land or Wales, pence:

an additional as. 6d. (except under the yearly value of tos.) mdw?/or or every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or admittance piece of paper, upon which shall be ingossed, written, or print to, any copy ed, any surrender of, or admittance to, any copyhold land or hokl estate, tenement, (except such copyhold lands or tenements as shall not of the Mt excecc^ the clear yearly value of twenty Shillings)) yearly value those parts of Great Britain, called England Wales and the town of»os. of Berwick upon Tweed, or any grant or lease by copy of court in England or re]j, & any other copy of the court roll of any honour or manor additionalhhin the said parts of Great Britain, (other than and except ss. 6d. the original surrender to the use of a will, and the court roll or (except the books wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or uv original fur enrolled,) there shall be charged an additional lamp duty of ss.tst twolhillin6sandfapei.ee:

and the court rdls or books.

On every bill, jror cvcry fk; n & piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet, or cariort or^l p*ece f paper upon which shall be ingossed or written, any other plead' bill, atifwer, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, interrogatories, depositions taken bycommission, or any other pleadings whatsoever, in the courts of chancery, exchequer, duchy court, an; county palatine courts, or other courts of equity, there shall charged an additional ftajnp duty, of fi*pence

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet Of On every ad piece of paper, upon which shall be ingossed pr written anj nfiflipn into admission into any corporation or company, of any matricuuti* tionon in either of the two universities, there shall be ch^getl9 additional as. a44itional lamp duty of two Shillings:

by Cj

For

ings, in the courts of chancery exchequer, can additional 6d.

783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. 307

For every ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or On every ori iece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or Written, any rixicipal or original instrument of surrender or resignation, fer ice or cognition of heirs, charter or feifineof any houses, lands, n^ion, char enemems, or hereditaments, holding burgage, or of burgage ter or feifine inure, in Scotland, there shall be charged an additional lamp of houses, luty of one frilling: if

For every (kin or pipce of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Scotland, an iece of piper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any additional i. principal or original feifine, taken or following upon any tnort For every ori; age, wadset, heretable bond, alienation, or disposition, or upon e1?*1 feifine ny charter, precept of Clare Conjlat, retours, apprizirtgs, or ad mortg^&c. udications of lands or tenements holding of any subject as in Scotland, an aforesaid, in Scotland, there shall be charged an additional lamp additional it. huy of one shilling

For, every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or For every ori ncc of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any ^inal retour of irincipal or original retour of any service of heirs, or any preceptn>' fe"ice.

f Clare Conjlat of lands or tenements bolding of any subject as s^s'and an aforesaid, in Scotland, there shall be charged an additional tamp additional in luty of one (hillipg

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or fqr every piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any charter or re rharter or resignation, confirmation. Novo Damus, or charter ipon apprizing, or adjudication made or granted by such fupe additional rior or others as aforesaid, in Scotland, there shall be charged an idditional lamp duty of one shilling:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or r cvervori piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Sent of fur principal or original instrument of surrender or resignation ofrenderof iny messuages, houses, lands, tenements, hereditaments, tithes, lands, tene mills, fiftiings, and other heretable rights, or any of them, to be ment8> Sec. t? made to any of his majesty's subjects, who are or shall be the jhereojt^0 Superiors thereof; or to any city, town, burgh, or corporation*Scotland

r to 3/iy magistrates or others who have power to receive such additionally urrenders or resignations, in Scotland, there shall be charged an

idditional lamp duty of one shilling: For every (kia

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or ta, ning piece of paper, upon which any agreement shall be ingrossed, uty of written, or printed, whether the same shall be only the evidence 6». yf the contrail, or obligatory upon the parties from its being a For every in written instrument, there shall be charged a stamp duty of six ventory of billings; fmrmture, C

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of ^en*ar' paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written, any inventory agreement, as catalogue of any furniture, goods, or effeils, made with rec. a duty of

Ference to any agreement, or For the security of any persons 6 d

[except inventories prpduceable in the ecclesiastical courts, and torkvineccle ilfo except inventories of goods and chattels diilrained for relit fustical courts In arrear,) there shall b charged a lamp duty of two Shillings and of goods m.d. sixpencflt: distrained for

Forrcnt#)

o

For every award, 5*.

This act not

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. [1783.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece 0 paper, upon which shall be ingracted, written, or printed, any award, there shall be charged a lamp duty of five Shillings. 1 oz

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing! to affect lega n this act contained shall extend to charge with the additional cies tec. Rest duties by this act imposed, any legacy left by any will, or*other the wife, testamentary instrument, or any share or part of a personal estate annddbil^ to divided by force ^atute of distributions, or the

orcn, of the custom of any province or place, which shall be left to the testator. wise, children, or grandchildren, of the person making such wilt'or testamentary instrument, or shall be divided amongst them!

force of the Statute of distributions, or the custom of any provin, or place.

wot^xund, to ! Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority hbds for in aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or furances to be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any label, ship, or the memorandum, containing the heads of insurances to be made bt change, or corporations of the Royal Exchange assurance, or Linden df* London Af fyrance, or the corporations of the Royal Exchange assurance of boufit fisrances from and goods from fire and London assurance of houses and goods fren fire) "- -

nor to agreements for kafes at rack relit of any flttflijag* onder $1, per ann. or for

manufactq rers, or menial servants, or relating to sale of goods, or where the value of the matter shall

fire or any of them to the payment of the stamp duties charged by this act upon contrasts or agreements.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the duty of six Shillings, by this act imposed on agreements, any memorandum or agreement for any lease at rack hireof labour relit any messuage under the yearly value of five pounds; or

er*f artificers, to charge any memorandum or agreement for the hire of any labourer, artificer, manufacturer, or menial servant; or to charge any memorandum, letter, or agreement, made for or relating to the sale of any goods, wares, or merchandizes j or to charge any memorandum or agreement where the matter of metnoranaum or agreement shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds; or to charge any memorandum or agreement made m

__________ that part of Great Britain called Scotland, that shall be stamped

sot exceed sol. yrtth the duty required on deeds in that part of Great Britain or agreements called Scotland.

thahhaube'Providec* also, That no memorandum or agreement not stamped as stamped shall be deemed to be void, in case the same shall be required damped at the head office, or the said duty shall be paid there

there. on and a receipt given thereon for the same by the proper officer

at days allow receiving such duty, within twenty-one days after the same shall ed for pay have ^cn cntcrccj jnt0

m n ° uy yj And further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and paying, all the said addi duties grant tional and new duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management, of the coaimif* (loners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, at the major part of them, ars hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose1 and

on agree menes

Duties gri ed by this act to be under the management of of (or (lamps.

1783.) Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. 309

to use and provide such (lamps to denote the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things Becefiary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the said several duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the majov part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, to One new prevent the multiplication of damp upon such pieces of vellum stamp may be or parchment, or sheets or pieces ot paper, on which several prot'de'lto duties are by the several acts of parliament imposed, it shall and ^ovdutiea may be lawful for the said of', indead of the distinct on eacfeskin, damps directed to be provided to denote the several duties on the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged therewith, to cause*they shall see occasion, one new damp to be provided to denote the said several duties, and the additional duty granted by this act, on every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, charged with the said several duties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all vellum, parchment, vellatmparcfe and paper, liable to the duties hereby charged, shall, before the J"*"1' C "shall be ingrossed, printed, or written upon, be brought to befor^prlottd the head office for (tamping or marking vellum, parchment, or or wrote on, paper; and the said of, by themselves, or by C

their officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon demand to them made by any person or persons from time to time, (lamp or mark, as this act directs, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, which shall be brought to them for that purpose; the person so bringing the same paying, to the receiver-general of the lamp duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this act. tff.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the same allowance shall, n^tf* be made on present payment of the several duties granted by made on this act, and in such manner, as by any former law relating prompt pay to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, is directed and mei>t* allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That such (lamps as the said anp" ?r. of are hereby directed and authorised to provide

and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such manner

as any other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all persons who dull have in their custody or possession any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the damp of mark which shall be foaltered or renewed, or on which, being already damped with a damp denoting any former duty, a new damp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cases directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if.any person (fall ooun Person counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any terfeking

fal

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. [1783.

knowingly fed, stamp, or mark directed or amovred to be used by this, <* vending any ^oy other at of parliament, for the purpose of denoting the

310

such counter duties by this or any other act of parliament granted, or shall 1' er counterfeit or referable the impression of the same; or shall ufcj

death as fe Ions.

Duties granted by this act to be levied, See. as those under

ter, vend, fell, or expose to sale, any vellum, parchment, at paper, liable to the said lamp duties, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counters feited; or (halt privately or fraudulently use any seal, (lamp, or nark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other aftd parliament relating to the stamp duties, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convrsted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall (offer death as in cases o( felony, without benefit of clergy.

XII. And be it further enacted That all powers, provisions, articles, 'dauses, distribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, preferred or appointed by any fbrj mer act or acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties on

former damp vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be of full force and effect

acts#

Certain clauses in turnpike and navigation acts. See. patted before December 5, 178a, repealed.

with relation to the several duties hereby imposed; and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional and new duties hereby impoftd, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had feversdly and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the mid additional and new duties hereby imposed,

And be it further enacted, That all such parts of any ft or acts of parliament relative to any turnpike, highway, parings road, bridge, enclosure, navigation, or canal, or any other matter or thing, passed before the fifth day of j>ecembtr> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, as exempt any mort gauge, alignment, transfer, or other security for borrowing money, or any nomination, contrail, bond, warrant, judgement, or other writing whatsoever liable to damped duties, from being damped, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the the said repeal said repeal shall hot extend to an transfer of any publick or undn0t X government docks or funds; or to any indruments, documents, cn # or other writings whatsoever., concerning the publick revenue,

or publick funds; or to any other writing expressly exempted from the stamp duties by any act of parliament granting any such duty or duties, unless where such exemption has been repealed.

Duties to be

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several duties here paid to re in before granted shall be paid from time to time, into the oflftamscncral hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted') into the receipt of the exchequer,

for

To what cases

*7^3.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. 311

for the uses and purposes in this act mentiefeed, at such time, sind in such manner, as any foniner duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That there shallfee provided A Separate and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of aj^ouij.t. exchequer, a book or books, in which M the moneys arifingf {^tbythe from the said several duties, and paid into the said receipt as auditor of aforesaid, shall be entered, Separate and apart from ah other the exche moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and succes quv. fers, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid How to be to the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together applied writh such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted

by any act or acts of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all feoh other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament,

(entitled, An act for raising 0 certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.)

XVII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time or times it shall happen, that the produce so case the of the several duties granted by this act, together with the feve duties grant yal other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in this session of th" parliament, for the payment of the Several annuities of three Of t£?annui pounds per centum, and of four pounds par centum, and of thirties granted teen Shillings and fourpence per centum, in respect of twelve bjrthe l°tttorp millions, borrowed in pursuance of an act of this profenr session of parliament, (intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money j?icnt so" that by way of anmituiy tjnd for efiublishing a lottery, } shall not he fuf purport ficient to pay and discharge the several annuities of three pounds per centum and of four pounds per centum, and also the said annuity of thirteen Shillings and fourpence per centum, to continue for Seventy seven years, from the fifth day of Januaty9 one thousand seven hundred and eighty thifce, and then to'eease, together with the other charges and expenses attending the Said respective annuities, to be Satisfied and paid out of the same, at the end of any or either of the half yearly days of payment, at wlych the same are directed by the said act to be paid; then, the deficiency and so oft^n, and in every such case, such deficiency or defici sup encies shall and may be Supplied out of any of the moneys {ve which, at any time or times, shall be or remain in the receipt fundi < of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus moneys, land other revenues, composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such moneys of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses, by any former act [or acts of parliament in that behalf,) and such moneys of the Maid sinking fund shall and may be, from time to time, issued [and applied accordingly: and if at anytime or times, before! lany moneys of the said fund, to be established as aforesaid, shall re brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen no be a want of money for paying the several annuities as afore lpid, which shall be actually incurred, and grown due, at any

jit Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 59.

[178$.

of the half yearly days of payment before mentioned; that then, and in every such case the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out. of the moneys of the sinking fund, (except as before excepted,) and be issued accordingly.

To be replac

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority ed out of the aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall belflued out of the said next suppue*. finding shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament.

In case of a

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority

surplua of aforesaid, That in Case there shall be any surplus or remainder femefe^l be mon'cs arising by the said fund, after the said feueral and

teferved for respective annuities, and all arrears thereof, are satisfied, or the dispofitkm money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose, such surplus of parliament, or remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for the disposition of parliament, and shall not be issued but by the authority of parliament, and as shall be directed by future act or acts of parliament; anything in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons feed

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any period or per for executing fons shall at any time or times be sued, tnolested, or prosecuted, t&for* for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of general this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence and shall be and if upon the trial a verdict 'shall pass for the defendant or Mtided to defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, treble costs, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Recital of a bill now depending in the house of common.

CAP. LIX.

An act to provide that the proceedings on the Pill, now depending in parliament, for inflicting certain pains and penalties on sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter esquire, for certain

breaches of public trust, and high crimes and misdemeanours, committed by them whilst they respectively held the offices of governor and president, chunfellors, and members of the select committee of the settlement of Fort Saint George, on the coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, bad riot be discontinued by any prorogation or dis/ohetion parliament.

WHEREAS a bill is depending in the of, intituled, A bill for inflicting certain pains and penalties on sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring, esquire, for certain breaches of public trust, and high crimes and misdemeanours, committed by them whilst they respectively held the offices of governor and president, counsellors and members of the fejeft committee of the settlement of Fort Saint George, on the coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies: and whereas, on account of the present late period of the session, and of the great body of evidences adduced in support of, and against the truth of the allega

a tions

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. t f

tmis in the bill, it is probable the parliament may be prbro&uei before, the said till, 'under the above crrcumfancesy can be properly tenfiderei: and whereas it is highly expedient for the public service, that the said bill Should be proceeded on as early as pojfibu in the next session of parliament \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty*and. with the advice and confenc of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons. In this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the The proceed proceedings on the said bill now depending in the house of com i"g* on the mons, intituled, A bill for infixing certain pains and penalties on rcc, ltd, !iir sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring, esquire, for continued by certain breaches of public trufl, and high crimes and misdemeanours, prorogation committed by them whilst they respectively held the offices of governor or diflblutiorl and president, ceunfeuorss and members of the feleu committee of the settlement of Fort Saint George, on the coajl Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinu^d by any prorogation or dissolution of parliament; but the said bill maybe proceeded on in the next session of parliament in such and the same manner as could or might have been in case the present session of parliament had been continued, and no prorogation or diffolu tkm of parliament bad happened or taken place.

CAP. LX.

An act for further continuing so much of an a8, passed in the twenty fecund year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for restraining sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring, esquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering their estates and effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same, as relates to refrain ing the said sir Thomas Rumoold, baronet, and Peter Perring, esquire, from alienating or otherwise difpqfing of their respective real estates*

WHEREAS an all was passed in this session of parliament,

for continuing an act passed in the twenty second year Recital ofc, j. of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An && fr refrain of the present ing sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet and Peter Perring; esquire, on from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering their efates and effiehs, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same: and whereas, by virtue of the said recited all, the jjffid ably passed in the twenty second1 year of the reign of his present Majesty, is to have continuance, and be in force, until the end of the present session of parliament, and no longer: and whereas a bill far infilling certain pains and penalties on the said sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring* esquire, for certain breaches Of public trufl, and high crimes find misdemeanours, committed by them vuhilfl they respectively held the offices of governor and president, mnfellors and members of the felell committee of the settlement of,

Vw. XXXII Y Forr

m Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. €u [1785.

Fort Saint George, ontbt coast of Coromandel, in tbt East Indies, is Jlill departing impar and it is therefore expedient that the f aidafl, made in the year of reign of his present Majesty, whisk, by virtue of the find will

tonne tinuance, and be in sores, only until the end of the present of parliament\should be in part further eontimod, in order, and to the intent, that the real estates of them, the said sir Thomas rum bold, baronet, and Peter Pemng, rfiaybe fetured so as to

an finer and be liable to jnjlitein parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con seat of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. Part of That, so much of the abovementioned aft, made in the twen ge:' fi ty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An

until Feb. s for retraining sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Per, g' ring, tfquirt, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time;

and for discovering their efiattsand effects, and preventing the

porting or alienating the same, as relates to remaining the said nr Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Peering, esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real estates, shall, and is hereby declared to have continuance, and be in force, from the expiration of the term limited by the said recited act passed in this fe(hon of parliament, until the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority afote&k), fublsckaft. 'That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publish aft;

and be judicially taken notice of at fisch, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the Tame.

CAP. LXI.

An act for vesting in Henry earl of Pembroke, his heirs ami assigns, for ever, the see maple and inheritance of the hundred of Kynnwdfton, and certain lands and hereditaments in the parishes of Great Bedwyn end Burbage, in the county of w^tt; and for settling other lands sad hereditaments in lieu thereof to the same ides.

Recital of letters patent of $ Edw. 6. dated May 7. whereby the hundred of Kynwtrdfton, with lands. See. in the parilnes of Great Bedwyn and Burbage, in the county of Wilts, were granted to William first earl el Pembroke, in tail male, to be held of the crown, in chief, by knights' service. The before mentioned hundred, lands, foe. litinted in Grot Bedwyn and Bnrbage, vested in the earl of Pembroke, his heirs, kc. m see, discharged from ell claim of the crown In respect thereof. 'Other manors, dec. vested in the heirs mats of wirfem the first eari of Pembroke, with the ultimate remainder thereof to his Majesty, Gsocrsl laving.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 62.

VS

CAP. LXII.

jin ah for granting to his Majesty a fiamp suiy on Usances to it' taken out by certain persons uttering or vending medicines; and certain lamp duties on all medicines sold under pub licences or tender tie authority of his Majestfs Utters patent.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament act^mbled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have voluntarily refolded to give and grant unto your Majesty the rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there shall be charged, levied, and paid unto and for the use of his majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties following j that is to say, all persons (except such as have served a regular apprenticeship to any surgeon, apothecary, druggist, or chemist, or such as shall have kept a (hop for the space of three years before the passing of this act, for the vending of drugs or medicines only, (not being drugs or medicines sold by virtue of his majesty's letters patent) uttering or vending medicines in Great Britain, shall annually take out a licence for that purpose, in manner herein after prescribed:

And where the persons, so uttering or vending drugs or medicines, shall reside within the cities of London and iveflminfttr, or within the distance of the penny post, on every such licence there shall be charged a stamp duty of twenty Shillings:

And where the persons uttering or vending drugs or medicines (hah reside in any other part of Great Britain, there shall be charged on every such licence a stamp duty of five Shillings:

Upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other enclosure, of any medicineinder the price or value of two Shillings and ibcpence, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold, by any per foij or persons taking out such licences, or by any person or persons under the authority of his majesty's letters patent, there shall be charged a stamp duty of threepence:

Upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other enclosure, of any medicine of the price or value of two Shillings and sixpence, and under the price or value of five Shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold, by any person or persons taking out

Preamble

From Sept, f, 179), certain persons felting medicines are to take out a licence annually for that purpose

If refidinglfl London, or within the distance of the penny post, to pay aos.

In any other

Sart of Great ritain, 5 s.

Persons selling medicinrs under such licences, See. to pav, for every box,

C under ts 6d. m stamp duty of jd.

For every box, bottle, See. of the value of as. 6d. and under 5s a duty of 6d.

3*6

For every box, bottle, cof the value of 5 a. a duty of 11.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 62. [1783.

such licences, or by any person or persons under the authority of his majesty's letters patent, there shall be charged a lamp duty of sixpence:

Upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other enclosure, of any medicine of the price at value of five Shillings and upwards, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold, by persons taking out such licences, or by any persons under the authority of his majesty's letters patent, there shall be charged a lamp duty of one shilling.

the navy or array

Duties to be under the management of commissioner of stamp duties.

Not to extend

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contain of ed shall extend to any person or persons vending any drugs or mc(jicincs, who shall have served as a surgeon in the navy or

army, under any commission or appointment, where the same shall have been duly entered at the war office or navy office.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collelling all the said duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management, of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such (lamps to denote the said several duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this all in execution, with relation to the said rates and duties herein before granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first

From Sept, i, 1783, unqualified persons selling medicine without

day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no person whatsoever, required by this act to be licensed, shall, unless he or she be licensed in manner herein after prescribed.

Any two of the of of

a licence, shall utter, vend; or sell, any medicine in Great Britain, upon pain forfeit 51. to forfeit, for every offence, the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

V. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of this all, any two or more of his majesty's of ltam s appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps on vellum, gramme licences, parchment, or paper, or some person duly authorised by them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall apply for the same, to sell medicines in any city, town, or other place, within Great Britain, for the space of one year, to commence from the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day, and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to commence from the day of the date of every such licence \ and all and every person and persons,

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 317'

Tonnes, who shall take out such licence for selling medicine, shall Licences to be take out a fresh licence for another year, ten days at the least 'r0

before the expiration of that year for which he or she shall be they expire, so licensed, if he or she shall continue to sell medicines; and shall in like manner renew such licence, from year to year, paying down the respective funas due for the (lamps on such licences, as long as be or (he shall continue to sell medicines.

VI. And, in order to secure the duty hereby imposed, be it further enacted, That every person making, uttering, or vending such Venders of medicines, shall send to the commissioners of (lamps, or to medicines to their officers appointed by them for that purpose, paper covers, [aseig^oyhe0* wrappers, or labels, made for inclosirrg such medicines, with 0fgce to be his, her, or their name or names, and any other particular stamped j word or thing printed thereon, to denote the value at which the same is intended to be sold, in such manner and form as

the said of shall direct, in order that the same may

be damped with the several and respective duties hereby directed to be imposed, and delivered again, from time to time, to such

maker or vender, as occasion shall require*and every box, and to cover

packet, bottle, or phial, or any other indofure of medicine, Jhei' boxes,

uttered, vended, or sold, by any person or persons taking out j^c^oiif

the licence required by this act, or that shall be uttered, vend fibres shall

ed, or ibid, by or for any person or persons under the authority direct.

of any letters patent, shall be covered, wrapped up, or enclosed

with such mark or device, and in such manner as the coramif

sioners of his majesty's lamp duties shall from time to time

direct.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Penalty on fons shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to sale, any box, packet,

bottle, or phial, or any other enclosure of medicine, subject to

the lamp duties hereby imposed, unless the cover, wrapper, or dicinet #ion

ltbel hereby directed to enclose, or to be affixed to the same, out a proper

shall be marked, sealed, and stamped, as by this act is directed, over,

or shall be enclosed in any cover or wrapper, or shall have any

label affixed thereto, marked or stamped with a damp or mark

of less denomination or value than by this act is directed, all

and every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and

pay, for every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other enclosure

of such medicine so uttered, sold, or expofod to sale, the sum

of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is

directed.

VIII. And, to prevent the seal, mark, r damp, hereby directed to be used, which hat enclosed any medicine, from being made use of again for inclosng other medicines, the box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other enclosure whereof is hereby directed to be stamped; be it coaded. That if any person or persons shall fraudulently cut. Penalty on tear, or take off, any mark, seal, or (lamp, in respect whereof, making use of or whereby any duties are hereby payable on any box, packet, y^rco bottle, or phial, or other enclosure of any medicine; or shall once, fraudulently inclos? any box packet, bottle, or phial of medic. 10l.9cioc, in any paper so foaled and stamped as aforesaid, the same

318 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. cz.

[1783.

having been once made use of for the purpose aforesaid; or if any person or persons shall hereafter sell utter, or expose to sale, any box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other mclofcre of medicine liable to any of the duties hereby pharged, the same not being at the time of such selling, uttering, or exposing to sale, enclosed in same cover wrapper, or label, adqally stamped as by this act is directed; then so osten, and ip every such case, all and every person and persons so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall forfeit the (up of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

IX. Andy to prevent persont so licensed as aforesaid from filling and buying any coverj, wrapperr, and labehy which have befire bee made use offor denoting any of the duties by tins a impofidy and fur Psny person preventing such frauds, be it enacted, That if any person shall, who shall buy from anj after the passing of this act, sell or buy any such co vm to^beufed ver wrapp€ly or label, in order to be again made use of for tbp for tnclosing ittdofing any box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other indofure of medicines medicine, liable to the duty hereby imposed, every such per

more than ft>n so offending shall, for every fuich offence, forfeit the fom

forfeit 101 ten pounds, tq b recovered find applied as herein after is directed.

Either buyer X Provided always, and be it exuded, That if either tbp or seller may buyer or seller of any such cover, wrapper, or label, hallin the°other andorlnngsinft the other party concerned in buying or selling such be himself in cover, wrapper, or label, the party so offending shall be ad demnified. mined to give evidence against the party informed against, and shall be indemnified from the penalties by him of fter incurred.

perthfit conn

XI. And be it further enacted That if any person shall forfeiting counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged,

mark*to^seal, damp, or mark, directed pr allowed o be used by

foflfw death this act, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the

as felons. same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fuc

1 ccflbrs of any of the said duties; or shall privately or fraudulently use any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or allqwed to be used by this*ad, with intent to defraud h{s Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said dpties; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall fuffpr death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Penalties bow

XII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penalrief to be divided, hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed in manner Allowing; that is to say, one moiety thereof shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to such person and persons as shall inform and sue for the same, in any of his majesty's courts at Westminster, for offences committed in Englaniy Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his majesty's court of session, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed there, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information,

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63. 319

'wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several rates and Darin to be duties herein before granted dull be paid from time to time paid to the into the hands of the receiver-general for the time bing of the

duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall jlmp dotics, keep a separare and distinct account of the several rates and du and by him ties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, paid into the and accounting for the same, bring deducted) into the receipt tt h*'luer* of the exchequer, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned, at such time and in such manner as any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be. pro Auditor t vided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of keep a ftp exchequer, a book or books, in which all the moneys arising

from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered disparate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever j and the said money, Application so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, of the duties, together with such other rates and duties as shall be granted by any ad or acu of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An all sir rai/tug a certain famif montj way ef annuities,

and for estabbjhiag a htttry.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Persons (bed font shall at any time be sued, aaolested, or prosecuted, for any for executing thine by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this a,

or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such pef iffoe,

(on and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give

the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if and flsau be

upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants,

or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfoited, then tre "e<gft* '

such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to

him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. lxiii.

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon Jlagt coaches, and other carriage: therein mentioned.

1

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of Great Britain, in parliament affetnbied, being desirous to raise the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expences, do humbly present your Majesty with the free gift of the further rate herein after mentioned; and do

Y 4 beseech

if

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63. [1783.

ttefepch your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of From Aug. t? the same, That, from and after the first day of August, one783, the thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there (halt be raised, ^vicd» collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great to be paid to Britain, untq and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and his Majesty; luccessor*, the additional rate and duty following; that is VIZ tq say, ).

For every Every four wheeled chaise, or other machine commonly callage coach, ed A Diligenceor post coach, and every coach, berlin, landau, four wheeled chariot, calash with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise with machin?, em four wheels, or other machine,by what name soever the lame ployed in car now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as rying paflen public stage coachqs or carriages, 'for the purpose of conveying one'h^tmnny pagcngers fr hire, to and from one place to another in the for every mile kingdom of Great Britain, shall be charged with an additional such carnage duly of one halfpenny for every mile such carriages shall travel, fliflj trave. to^paid^the owners thereof. V

To be under the manage inent of corn missioner for damps.

II. And be it further ensued. That, for the better and more

effectual levying and collecting the said additional duty herein-before granted, the fafcne (halhbe under the government, care, and management of the commissioners for the time being, appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, am hereby required to do all filings necessary to be done for putting this act into execution, in as ample a manner as they are authorised to put into execution any law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, d % butio.tof articles, clauses, distribution of penalties and forfeitures, and forfeitures, n other matters and things prescribed or appointed by an act &c.'appointed made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, by to Geo. 3. intituled, 4* for repealing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons letting horses to hire, for travelling in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on all 'horses let to hire for the pqrpqfes of travelling post, and by time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned; and for grafting offer duties in lieu thereof j shall be of full force and effect, with relation to the raies and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional rate and duty hereby imposed, according tf> the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively beeti hereby enacted with relation to the (kid additional rate and duty heteby imposed,

IV Ant]

AH pbwers.

p. 51. (halt be in force vtith relation to flusaft.

i

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64. 321

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said additional rate Th duty to and duty herein before granted, shall be paid, from time to* to the time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who stamp duties, shall keep a separate and distinct account of the said additional and by him duty, and pay thi same (the necessary charges of raising, pay pd into the ing, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the re CXC c^ucff Zreipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid and in the office of the auditor Auditor to of the said receipt, there shall be provided and kept a book or enter the books, in which all the moneys arising from the said duty, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate mo oth€r and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the Application said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as afore thereof, said, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for taking away fi-om the commissioners of excise, in England and Scotland, the power of compounding with persons making malt not to sell, but to be consumed in their own private families.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS By the several Statutes now in force for imposing

duties upon all malt made in Great Britain, the commissioners of excise, or other persons by them respectively appointed for that purpose, are authorised to compound and agree with such persons as shall make malt not to sell or make profit thereof \ but to be consumed in their own private families only, at a certain rate or payment for every hiaiy' which, at any time or times, during the continuance of stub compositionf shall be of the family of such persons respectively, as in and by the said Statutes is particularly directed and required: and Whereas great frauds have been, and are now frequently praflifed by means of such compoftiom, and great quantities of malt have been privately sold and dispefed of by stub compounders, to the manifest injury of the revenuel and of the fair trader \ for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of Augufly From Aug. 1, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, all the powers783. all com and authority to the commissioners of excise, or other persons, pojjdons, for by all or any of the said acts, given to compound and agree 1

with any person or persons for the duties on malt by any such families, shall {lersons made or to be made, shall cease and determine; any cease. thing in any of th said Statutes, or in either of them, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding'

322

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64.

[178^.

II. And it is hereby further eni&ed by the authority afore compound said, That all and every person and persons, who hath or haversv on or be already made compogtion or agreement for the duties of the lore Aug. «> them resp^ively made, or to be made, in pursuance

entnmotan af °* any or them, Hull, on or beifore the teoth

malt they day of Jugujl> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, were po&ffed make true and particular entries of all such malt as they, or any f on Aug i, of them, or any other person or persons in trust for them, or of 50 L and all any them wcrc possessed of on the first day of August, one fuen unenter thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or had in his or their CD malt. custody or possession, at the office of excise within the limits of which they shall respectively inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and also all the malt of which no such entry shall be made; and within six days after he, she or they, shall have made, or ought to have made, such entry as aforesaid, shall pay down for the said malt, the several duties chargeable upon malt, or, in default thereof, shall forfeit and lose double the value of the said malt; and that the houses, out Honset, C houses, and other places belonging to such compounders, from of compound and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hun a*' after hi rec an eighty-three, shall, and are hereby nude liable to the ^usurvey of furvct f the officers for the duties on malt, in the same man proper offi ner, and under the same rules, and under the same fines and cprt. penalties for refusal, as persons making malt for fate are liable.

ISLAND whereas it may have happened, that in pursuance of the powers by the said before recited Statutes given, the officers appointed by the commissioners of excise for that purpose may since the twenty-third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty threfy have made or renewed compositions for the duties on moult with persons applying to make or renew such compositions, and the money payable for the same may have been received by such officers: now, to prevent all confusion, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such compogtions as shall have been so made, renewed, or agreed to be made, Gnce the said twenty-third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be, and are hereby declared null and void \ and all such sums of money as shall have been received by the said officers from the persons so making or renewing their compogtions as aforesaid, shall, and the same are hereby directed and required to be returned to the person and persons respectively who shall have paid the same; anything in the said former acts to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penaltes, and forfeitures, in relation to the said duties upon the malt stock in hand, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by acton of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively 2 and that one moiety of every such fine

penalty

Compcfioat made or renewed Gnce June 13. IT, to be void.

Penalties and forfntuics to be levied ind recovered, See. jm the same m inner as rtiote under former laws of excise.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6g, 66* 313

penalty, and forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

CAP. LXV.

An act for repealing an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for vesting the fort of Senegal, and itt dependencies in the company of merchants trading "to Africa; " and to vest at well thd said fort and itt dependencies, as all other the British forts and fctlements upon the coast of Africa, lying between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the property, estate, and effects of the company of merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said forte, settlements, and their dependencies, in his Majesty: and for securing, attending, and improving the trade to,

Africa; and for vesting James Fort, in the river Gambia, and its dependencies, and all other the British forts and settlements between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the company of merchants trading to Africa; and for securing and regulating the trade to Africa.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for grouting it bit majesty several and duties nptn -

gtns, wains, torts, and other Jutb carriages, net charged with oaf

duty under the management of the ttmmijjmtrs of excise.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your mmefty's most dutiful and loyal Aibjedto, the

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new rates and duties herein after mentioned and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, Prom Nov. >, from and after the first day of November, one thousand seven 17*, the fol hundred and eighty-three, there shall be raised, levied, cojletft ed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto his Majesty and for the use of his Majesty, his neirs and successors, the feve V

rates and duties fallowing; (that is to lay, }

That every person who shall keep any wagon, wain, cart. For every pr other such carriage, with three or four wheels, (except such wagon, wain, ferriages as are now charged with any duty under the manage &e*', it 5 f ment of the commissioners of excise)) yield and pay an alread^r '°0 pually the sum of four Shillings for every such wagon, wain, charged with part, or other such carriage as aforesaid, which shall be expressed a duty) 4*. in a licence for that purpose: Per*"*

And that every person who shall keep any cart or other car por carty, fiage, with two wheels, (except such carriages as are now and other

charged two wheeled

g24' Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C.

[178$.

carriage, charged with any duty under the management of the conunif (*cept tb0'* Sorters of excise)) yield and pay annually the sum of two charged) Shillings for every such cart or other carriage, which shall be aper ann. expressed in a licence for that purpose.

No pci Tonne to pay for more

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it former enacted, That

than one such person fl^n be obliged to pay the said yearly sum of four

3w«f in" ft more than one such carriage employed in agricul

agncuhore turc only, nor for more than three such carriages employed for

only, nor any other purpose, on which the said duty of four Shillings is

more than hereby charged, where finch wagons, wains, or other such car

other pur* nages, are or for him or her, for his or her own ufc

pose except only, and <l>all not be used for the carriage of any goods, wares,

carriages em or merct)andise, for hire, or be let out for hire.

ployed for

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing

jvre* in this act contained shall extend, or be con.lrucd to extend,

tocarts^or to charge with the duty hereby imposed, any cart or other car

otbee two riage with two wheels, employed in agriowture only, and not

wheeled car employed in parks or pleasure ground, or used for the carriage

riages, em Df any goods, wares, or merchandise, for hire, or let out for ployedinagn Mre/

nott* 0t[y d always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein

to one horse10 contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to carts pfit cans. with two wheels drawn by one horse only, and employed only for the carriage of peats or turf for fuel, and not let out for hire.

Carriages em V And be it enacted, That in case any wagon, or other ployed in car carriage, shall be prelted for the purpose of conveying any arms, rying arms, ammunition, or other baggage, under and by virtue of any &^ufbrfo? n for preventing mutiny and desertion, and for the better diers, orma payment of the army and their quarters, or for the regulation rines, not of his majesty's marine forces while on (bore, and the owner cteemed womc hereof shall be paid for such carriage, the same shall not be log for. to he a working for hire within the intent and meaning

of this act.

VI. And for the better and more effectual raising, levying y collet ingy and payings the said rates and duties herein before granted, be Patios to be it enacted, That the same shall be under the government, care, under the and management of the commissioners for the time being ap 5a«>mrnif nt p°*ntc<*to roanage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parch sioners of meat, and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby stamp duties, required and empowered to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as shall be necessary, and to provide and use such marks or (lamps as they shall think fit to denote the duty, and to repair, renew, or alter the same, from time to time, as there shall be occasion j and to do all other acts, matters, and things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said rates and duties hereby granted, in the i like and in as soil and ample manner as they, or the major

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66

part of them are authorised td put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning stamped velfonrt, parchment, and paper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who, from and after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall have or keep any wagon, wain, cart, or other carriage hereby directed to be licensed, for his, her, or their own life, or the use of any person of or for whom he, she, or they, is, are, or shall bg committees, trustees, or guardians, if living in London, Westminster, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, shall, within thirty days after the said first day of Novembet, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or within twenty days after he or she shall begin to keep such wagon, wain, cart, or other carriage, and from time to time within twenty days after beginning to keep any other such carriage or carriages respectively^ not being in the place or stead of the former, give notice in writing, at the head office in London for stamping and marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, of his, her, or their keeping the same, and of the number of the wagons, wains, carts, or other carriages, so by him, her, or them respectively kept as aforesaid, and of the parish or place where he, she, or they respectively reside; and shall at the same time pay down the respective annual rates and duties so imposed as aforesaid for keeping the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who, from and after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall keep any wagon, wain, cart, of other carriage, hereby directed to be LI cenled, for his or her own use, or for the use of any person of or for whom he, she, or they shall be committees, trustees, or guardians, in any other part of Great Britain, shall, within sixty days after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or within twenty days after he, (he, 'or they shall begin to keep such wagon, wain, cart, or other carriage, and from time to time within twenty days after beginning to keep any other such carriage or carriages respectively, not being in the place or stead of the former, give notice in writing to the proper officer appointed by the said of for that purpose, redding next to the place where such person or persons, for whose use the same shall be so kept, shall respectively inhabit, of his, her, or their keeping the same, and of the number of the wagons, wains, carts, or other carriages, so by him or them respectively kept as aforesaid, and of the parish or place where he, she, or they respectively reside; and shall at the same time pay down the respective annual rates and duties so imposed as aforesaid for the keeping the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who shall give, or be obliged to give such notice as aforesaid, is and are hereby required, at or within twenty days after the expiration of twelve calendar months after the times

of

32s

Persons living in London, or within the weekly bills, shall give^no tice, at the ft amp office, of the number of wagons, C they keeps

Persons residing in any other part of Great Britain to give like notice to the proper officer in the height bourhood.

Such notice as aforesaid to be given, and payment made annually, on forfti. ture ot $ 1.

3*6

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. & 65. [c783.'

of giving or being obliged to give such fitft notice, to give a fresh notice in manner aforesaid, and pay down the relpc£bve annual rates and duties abovementioned, according to the num

Not obliged to go farther than the next market town to make pay meat, C

Upon payment of the duties, a licence shall be given.

her of wagons, wains, carts, or other carriages, io by him, her, or them respectively then kept, and in the same manner to renew such notice, and make such payment, from year to year, as long as he, she, or they shall so keep any such carriages j and if any person or persons shall (o keep any such wagon,

wain, cart, or other carriage as aforesaid, without giving uch first or other notice, and making such payments yearly in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall respectively forfeit and lose the sum of five pounds for each offence.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such personas aforesaid shall be compelled to travel, for the making such entry, or the payment of the said duties, or other eause whatsoever, touching or concerning the same, if he or she live in a market town, out of the said town, or if he or she live out of a market town, then to no other place than to the market town neared to his or her habitation.

£1. And be it further enacted, That, upon the payment of the said several rates and duties, so hereby granted, at the said head office of (lamps in London., or to the respective officers in the country, a licence shall be given to every person lb paying such respective rates and duties; which licence shall contain the number of such wagons, wains, carts, or other carriages, so respectively entered, the sum paid for the lame, and the time for which such licence shall be granted.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all prosecutions for the recovery of the duties hereby granted, as also for all forfei nrighbonring tores an offences made and committed against this act, shall justice*heard and determined by any justice of the peace residing near to the place where such forfeiture shall be made, or offenca bat appeal committed; and if the party finds himself aggrieved by th may be made judgement of any such justice, he shall and may appeal to the 1uarter justices of the peace at the next quarter sessions, who are hereby authorised and empowered to bear and determine the same, and their judgement therein shall be final: and every such justice is hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information exhibited and brought of any for. feiture incurred, or offence committed contrary to this act, tt summon the party accused, and upon his appearance, or refusa or neglect to appear, to proceed to the examination of the matter of; and upon due proof made thereof, either by tbs voluntary consession of the party, or by the oath of one or mors witness or witnesses, to give judgement thereupon, and to awan and issue out warrants under his hand for the levying of fuel forfeiture and penalty upon the goods and chattels of the of fender, and to eause tale to be made of the said goods and clnt tels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Thi

Profecadons to be determined by

*783*7 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. 327

C shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he jojhte may shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen any such forfeiture or pe pek

nalty as he shall think fit; reasonable costs to the officers and n, nek informers being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so that such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred over and above die costs.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enac\ed, That no Offence cog

bill, plaint, or information, shall be brought or sued forth in ?' "We by any of his majesty's courts of record at, for any be'profc

offence against this act, touching or concerning the duties here cuted in the by granted for or upon any wagons, wains, or carts, in cases court at where such offences are cognisable by any justice or justices of Westminster. the peace.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no writ Writ of or or writs of certiorari shall supertede execution, or other proceed not to ings, upon any order or orders made in pursuance of this act 5

but execution and other proceedings shall and may be had and <jer t, g made thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

XVI - And it is hereby further enacted, That all forfeitures Distribotiou and penalties mentioned in this act (ail necessary charges for of fortriams. the recovery thereof being first deduftedj shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to and for the use of his Majesty,

his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to fetch person and persons who shall inform an&iue for the same.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Clause rela every case, where the duty or duties required by this act to be tive to pay paid by any person chargeable with the same, shall be paid, and

entry made as aforesaid, before any information laid of such f^g entry ' entry or payment not having been made, although not strictly within the time for that purpose mentioned, no person having made fetch payment and entry shall be prosecuted for not having made fetch payment and entry within the time limited by this act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if If any person any person, having made dye entry and payment of the duty h»vi"8

for any wagon, wain, cart, or other carnage, required by this{?* 11"

act to be uoenfed, according to the true intent and meaning ed<| of the thereof, shall die before the end of the year for which such en year, the be try and payment shall be made; in every such case it shall be nefitof hi lawful for any person, claiming title to every such wagon, wain, by

cart, or other carriage, by, from, or under such deceased per hi reprtfen son, to make use of fetch wagon, wain, cart, or other carriage, tadve. for or in respect whereof such entry and duty shall have been made and paid as aforesaid, during the residue of the year for which such payment shall have been made, in like manner as fitch deceased person might have done if living.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several rates and Untie to be duties herein before granted shall be paid, from time to time, pd so the into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the

duties

3*8

stamp d utles, and by him paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

Person sued in execution of this act, may plead the general issue,

and shall be entitled io treble costs.

[Preamble.]

From 06v. i. 1783. the following duty to be paid to his Majesty; viz.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6j.

[1783.

duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the said several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being firrt deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such maimer, as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid: and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever j and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are di reed to be paid and payable by an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for raising a curtain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.)

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be died, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this a, or of any clause, matter, or thing therein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on the registry of burials, marriages, births, and christemngs*

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjetfts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising such supplies as are necessary to defray your majesty's public expenses, do humbly present your Majesty with the grant of the new duty herein after mentioned; and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there shall be charged, levied, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the new duty following; (that is to say*

1784.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67. 329

Upon the entry of any burial, marriage, birth, or christen Upon the citing, in the register ortny parish, precinct, or place in Great u*y?f every Britain, a stamp duty of threepence. riage1 &c<14

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more The duty to effectual levying and collecting the said duty herein before be under ihe granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and 'management management, of the commissioners for the time Ipeing appointed missionertof to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, stamp. and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such

statnps, to denote the said duty, as shall be requisite in that behalf; and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said duty herein be fore granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised tp put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That every parson, vicar, or Penalty on curate, or other person having authority to make entries of^o^un burrals, fctarriages, births, or christenings, who shall, from and ter any burial, after the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and marriage, C eighty three, enter any burial, marriage, birth, or christening, on unstamped in the register For any parish, precihist, or place, in Great Bri paper

tain, before the pardhment, velltfm, or paper, on which the entry of such register shall be made, shall have been duly stamped, as by this at is directed, every such parson, vicar, curate, or other person, (hah, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every parson, vicar, Parsons, kc.

curate, or other person having authority to make the entry or empowered to any burial, marriage, birth, or christening, is hereby vested un

Vrith full power and authority, previous to the making thereof dc, taker, or" in the register of any parish, precinct, of place in Great Britain, persons mar to demand and receive from the undertaker, or other person em ned, C ployed in and about the funeral of any person so to be buried,

or from the parties married, or from the parent of the child whose birth or christening is registered, or other person requiring the christening of such child, the sum of threepence: and^ thfy ifluch undertaker, or other person, so employed in and about retufe to pay such funeral, or if the parties so married, or the parent of the same, they or other person bringing the child, whose birth or christening (bail torteit 5l. shall be so required to be registered, shall neglect or refuse, on demand, to pay the said duty, he, (lie, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That the churchwardens and churchward bverfeers of every parish, or one of them, shall, from time to eni, C to time, as occasion mail require, provide one or more book or provide book books for the registering of burials, marriages, births, and

vquxxxiy.j'£ christenings, p

3*0

entering burials, marii agei, See,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67. [1783.

chrifienings, with such (lamps for each entry to be made therein, as by this act is required; and shall pay for such boole or books, and the (lamps to be contained therein, out of the rates under t^eir or his management, and shall, from time to time receive back the money, which shall be so paid, from the person authorised by this a (SI to demand and receive the duty hereby imposed, on the entry of any burial, marriage, birth, or christening; and in the case of extra parochial places, such book or books, with such (lamps as aforesaid, shall be provided, from time to time, by the person whose duty it shall be to make entries of burials, marriages, births, and christenings.

Entry may be VI 'provided always, and be it further enacted, That no made without parson, vicar, curate, or other person, shall be subject to any any the penalties or forfeitures in this all mentioned, for entering,

three"commis* or caugng to be entered^any burial, marriage, birth, orchristen fumers&c. ing, in any parish register, without any marks or (lamps; here on inipedtion on, where a licence, under the hands of three of the com

paying the 3rnou.1t of duties.

midioners for the time being appointed to put this zain execution, or some officer or officers by them empowered, shall have been granted, signifying. their or his leave or approbation that the entry of any burial, marriage, birth, or chnf tening, to be written in such register may be therein writtefi without any marks or (lamps thereof; so as the person or pet Tonnes, having the custody of such register, do, from time to tim, when and as often as he or they mall be thereto required, permit the said of, or any of them, or any officer or agent by them, or the major part of them, for that purpose appointed, to inspell and view such register; and do also, from time to time, when and as often as he or they shall be thereto required by the said of, or the major part of them. Or any other by them, or the major pan of them, authorised, pay unto the receiver*general for the time being of the said duties, or such other officer or personas the said of, or the major part of them, shall appoint to receive the same, all such sum and sums of money which, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, ought to be paid in respect of all and every such entry and entries as shall be written in such register; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Not to extend

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing

to burials, C herein contained shall extend to charge the entry in any parish from any bo( cu C n.

pitai, See.

shut to exteid to quakcis.

register of the burial of any person who shall be buried from any workhouse or hospital, or at the foie expense of any charityi nor the entry in any parish register of the birth or christening of any child whose parents shall receive, at the time of the birth or christening of such child, any parish relief.

VIII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That the provisions of this all, with respect to the register of births, burials, and marriages, shall extend to the people called 4}uaken\ and that the registers of births, burials, and marriages, now kept by them, shall be subject and liable to the stamp duties hereby imposed upon the registers of births, burials, manages.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67.'

and christenings; anything herein, or in atiy other law, corl tained to the contrary notwithstanding,

And be it further enacted, That the said receiver-general of the stamp duties at the head office, and the head distributors of {lamped vellum, parchment and paper, or other person or ersons duly appointed by the major part of the said of of stamp duties to receive the duty by this act imposed, hall make an allowance to every parson, vicar, curate, or othir period receiving the said duty, as a recompense for his trouble in accounting for the same, at and after the rate of two Shillings in the pound, oat of the moneys by them regularly accounted for, and paid to such receiver-general or head distributor, or such other person or persons as aforesaid, according to the directions herein before contained,

X. And be it further enacted, That all prosecutloris for recovery of the duties hereby granted, as also for all forfeitures and offences made and committed agaiftft this act; shall be heard and determined by any justice of the peace residing near to the place where such forfeiture shall be made or offence committed; and if the party finds himself aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, he shall and may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter sessions, who are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine the same, and their judgement therein shall be final: and every such justige is hereby authorised, and strictly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information exhibited and brought for any forfeiture incurred, or offence committed contrary to this act, to summon the party accused, and upon his appearance or refusal or nttled to appear to proceed to the examination of thfe matter of; and upon due proof made thereof either by that voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, to give judgement thereupon, and to award and issue out warrants under his hand for the levying such forfeiture or penalty upon the goods and chattels of the offender; and to cause sale to be made of the said goods and chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen days rendering to the party the overplus, if any.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen any such forfeiture, or penalty as he shall think fit, reasonable cods to the officers and informers being always allowed over and above full mitigation, and so that such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to left than a moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the cods.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all forfeitures and penalties mentioned in this act (all necessary charges Jfor the recovery thereof being first deduded) shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to and for the use of his Ma

his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such verson and persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

33*

An Mlowaitte of 1 s, in the pound to be made to pat fons. See. for their trouble.

Prosecutiottt for recovery of ddtie*, C to be determined by a neighbouring justice; but appeal ntty be made to thequartte* session*.

justich may mitigate pc naltiea.

Distribution of penaluci.

Receiver of the duties not disqualified as voters

'Duties to be paid to the receiver-general of stamp duties, and by him paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

Persons sued in execution of this act, may plead the general issue,

and shall bp entitled to treble costs.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. [1783.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no person employed by virtue of this act in receiving or accounting for the duties hereby imposed, shall, merely in respect of this act, be disqualified from voting at any election or elections of members to serve in parliament: any law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further ettacted, That the duties herein be fore granted shall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, bong deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paperi, 'rhre directed to be paid; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys anting from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid; shall be entered, separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever: and the said mortey, so to be paid into the bid receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to to act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act*8 for raising a certain sum of Money by way of annuities, and sir eflabtifi ing a lottery.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any tiling by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of ny clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons and bodies politic or corporate, shall or may plead the general Hfiie, sfnd give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict 'shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuhed, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for appointing and enabling of farther to examine, take, and (rate the public accounts of the kingdom.

o Geo. 5. C 54. recited, si Geo. C 45. 11 Qto. 5. C 50. Thomas anguish, Arthur Ptggott, Richard Neave, Samuel Beachcroft, George Drummond, and William Roe, efauires, or any three of them comrau (ioners appointed to examine and Itate the public accounts of the king' dom. The recited acts to continue in force after July is, 178}. No commissioner to hold a civil office of profit during pleasure under his Majesty. Any three of the of to be fvrora before the chanccbar of the exchequer, C The oath.

I ai.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 333.

I A.B. do swear, That, according to the best of my skill and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly, execute the several power and trusts veiled in me by an act, intituled An act for appointing and enabling of further to examine, take, and ttato the publick accounts of the kingdom according the tenor and purport of the said act.*T

The said three commidionert to adminder the oath to the rest. Lords of the treasury may pay 1,000l. to the order of the of Application thereof for payment of clerks, messengers, and ocher officers, and in defraying all ocher necessary charges, as the of shall appoint Executors of accountants to attend of and execute their orders. Continuance of this act, one year from July u, 17s3, and no longer.

CAP. LXIX.

Am aft U matte the adjutant general of his Majestfs forces, and the comptrollers of army accounts, to send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an at, made in the fourth year of the reign

his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for preventing frauds Recitaj of and abuses in relation to the sending ands receiving of letters Geo. j. and packets free from the duty of postage)) is enabled, That, C 14. from qnd after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, so long as the revenue arising in the general Utter office, or p oft office, or office of post master general, ball continue to be made part of the aggregate fund, no letters of packets sent by the post to or from any place whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the duty of postage, except such Utters and packets as are therein particularly excepted: and whereas the privilege offending and receiving Utters and packets, free from the duty of postage, is not, by the said act, extended to the adjutant general of his Majesty's forces for the time being, nor to the comptrollers of army accounts for the time being, who, by virtue of their respective offices, necessarily send and receive many Utters and packets relating to the public concerns of these kingdoms; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by smd with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the Adjutant ge

!>afling of this act, the said adjutant general of his majesty's nera, an orces for the time being, and the comptrollers of army ac of^p^y ac'for the time being, shall and may send and receive counts.may letters and packets free from the duty of postage, in the same send and remanner, and under such restrictions, as other officers men ceive letters tioned in the said act are thereby permitted, in respect offrc5f^n' their offices, to send and receive the same in pursuance of the*

said act.

5*3

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. f. jq.

[1783.

CAP. LXX.

An act for the more effectual preventing the illegal importation of foreign spirits, and Jor putting a sop to the private difiillation of British made spirituous liquors, for explaining such part of tbm

aft, imposing a duty upon male servants, as relates to the right mf

appeal from the justices of the peace % to amend and rectify a m) take in an act of the laji fefftcn of parliament, with respect to the removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing vexati's actions against officers of excise effting in purfudnce of the authority given by excise Statutes.

rc*u>bly.

WHEREAS the illegal importation of greatly promoted by fictitious entries of fto

foreign spirits is f storehouses and other places for keeping such liquors, made by evil minded and indigent per jibs: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the king's rtidft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Fromffept.9. aflqmbled, and.by the authority of the same, That, from and k783.no deal after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven sas hundred and eighty-three, no feller, of, or dealer fr, Foreign quort, within spirituous liquors, yeflding within the limits of the head othce toe limits commissioners of excise in London, (not being a retailer therepf duly licensed the excise of thereunto,) frail be permitted, to make entry of any wardioufe.

fnga^icenftd ft°reh°mfe. % room, (hop, peliar, vault, or other place, by him.

retailer,) shall her, or them tended to be made use of for the keeping of make eptry of foreign brandy, ^rrack, rum, spirits, or strong waters, unless any ware such seller or dealer, at the tifoe of making such entry, shall oc

keepin cupy anc 'nhabh a tenement or tenements of the yearly value

ftignlpihts, Pf twelve pounds, or upwards, and fc^r which he, (he, (or they, 1 1 L partners,) shall be assessed in his, her, of their own name or

Stains and shall also pay to the parifr rates; and that no such seller or dealer, residing in any other part of the kingdom where there are rates to church and poor, shall be permitted to make any such entry, unless such seller or dealer shall be assessed and aether part of pay to church and poor in the several parifces and places in the kingdom, which tlfey frail respectively resute; and that no entry of any to chu and warcbouse, ^orehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, for keeping of foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or strong

unless he be assessed for a tenement of sal. per ann, See.

Dor in any

H'

Waters, already made or hereafter to be made, as directed and required by the Statutes in that case made and provided, shall e of any avail lo any such seller or dealer (not being a retailer of spirituous liquors, and dulyjicensed thereto) not so qualified, or for any longer term than such seller or dealer, fa making such entry, shall be qualified as aforesaid j and every pqrfon snot being frch'fetaijer Ijceqfed as aforesaid) selling of or dealing in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or strong waters, not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be sellers of and dealers in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, and |lrp'og waters, without entry: shall be subject to the

y

335

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70.

like penalties and forfeitures as sellers of and dealers in brandy,

arrack, rum, spirits, and strong waters, without entry, are,

toy the statiites in such case made and provided, now subject,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, tgr(j, i^wvhere any entry shall be made, by any seller of or dealer in the same brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or strong waters, of any warehouse for house, storehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, heeping of for the keeping of foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or rorcl*p strong waters, no other seller or dealer in such spirituous liquors, (not being a joint trader or partner with such seller or dealer,) however qualified, shall, on any pretence whatsoever, make entry of the same, or of any other warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place whatsoever, within the same house or tenement in which the entry of any such other seller or dealer shall then be existing; but/every such seller or dealer making such further entry of the same, or any other such warehouse, storehouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, in fuct\ same house or tenement, shall, notwithstanding such further entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a seller of and dealer in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, and strong waters, without entry, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as sellers of and dealers in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, and strong waters, without eniry, are now subject unto.

III. Andy the better to prevent foreign spirituous liquors, that have been illegally imported into this kingdom, from being removed from the tea coajls into the flocks of entered dealers in those commodi tiesy and of others, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, Directions reno seller of or dealer in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or jative to tak strong waters, shall be allowed to take out more than one per mit in one and the same day to any one person whatsoever, oving so (except, as herein after is excepted,) which permit shall be reign (pints, granted for the removal of no more than one cask, or other package, containing any foreign spirituous liquors of one kind, or species; and if any more than one cask, or other package, of foreign spirituous liquors of one kind or species at oyie time, directed to one and the same person, (or persons, where there are two or more in joint trade or partnership, except as herein after is excepted,) shall be found removed or carried, or removing or carrying, from one place in this kingdom to any > other place, whether with or without permit, the same, together with the vessels and boats, and the horses and other cattle.

and the carriages employed in removing or carrying the same,

shall be forfeited, and shall and may be i'eized by any offifcr or officers of excise.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any dealer in foreign spirituous liquors from taking ukcu out and

Z 4 out

1

3j6 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. [1783.

tasks sent the but two or more permits, and, by virtue thereof, sending two same day, so or more casks, or other packages, containing foreign spiritiaou* as each cask jiquors of the same kind and fpceies, to the same person, in the

a different^ame day so as cac^ and cvc, 7 cas or Package permit, See! tively shall be sent under different permits and by different conveyances.

Mot to pre V Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing vent dealers herein before contained shall be construed to prevent any feucr sending with of or dealer in foreign spirituous liquors, from sending with one canum the kc p*1111* by onc the act conveyance any ber of calks number of casks with any kind of foreign spirituous liquors of 60 gallons therein, each such case then containing fifcty galions, oc ap each, C wards, of foreign spirituous liquors of one and the same kind or species.

Foreign fpi

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefead,

1 f1 thsk# hat if any foreign spirituous liquors (not being in calks contaio 60 gallons? ing sixty galions, or upwards,) shall be found removing or car found remov rying from any one part of this kingdom to any other pari there ing at any of, unless at such times as herein after mentioned; that is ao umc conu ary say from the twenty-ninth day of September to the twenty-fifth shall b/tor day f March, yearly, between the hours of feren in the marn feited, with ing and five in the evening; and from the twenty-fifth day of the cattle and March to the twenty-ninth day of September, yearly, between carriages. the hours of five in the morning and seven in the evening, (except the same is carrying by a known common stagecoach, wagon, or other stage carriage, which ufuilly travels out of those. hours,) all the said foreign spirituous liquors, and the package containing the same, whether the same be accompanied with or without a permit, and all the cattle and carriages made use of in the removing or conveying the same, shall he forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

Particulars to

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be specified in That, from and after the said twenty^ninth day of September request notes when any felkr of or dealer in foreign spirituous liquors shall or permits. fencj a re(jueft note any permit writer, requiring any permit or permits for the removal of any foreign (ptrhuous liquors from his own stock into the (lock of any other person or persons, every such feller^nd dealer shall, and he is hereby required and directed to specify, in every such request note, as woll the quality or kind of foreign spirituous liquors, intended to be'removed with each permit, as also the contents of the calk or other package containing the same, and likewise whether the same is to be removed by land or by water, and by what mode of conveyance the said case, bottle, or other package retpec tively, is intended to be sent; and if any seller of or dealer in foreign spirituous liquors, shall neglect or refuse to specify, in every such request note, either the quality of the spirituous liquors intended to be removed, or the contents of the case, bottle, or other package.containing the same; or by what carriage, or mode of conveyance, the same is intended to be sent,

every

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70.'337

very such request note and notes shall be null and void; not hall any permit or permits be granted by any officer or permit writer thereon.

VIII. And whereas, for the bitter Securing the duties chargeable

span txtijeable commodities, the dealers therein are, jla \utes new in farce, required to take out permits from the proper tfjkert of etutfe, certifying that those duties have been paid, which permits are to accompany such commodities when removing from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof: and whereas great frauds have been committed by forging permits in imitation of tbofa granted by such officers, and the penalties already provided to prevent (sub forgeries are not Sufficient to fiepprtfs Jo great an; for the more effeaoud preventing such practices, so manifestly tending

to the min of the far trader, and to the diminution of so material a branch of the revenue of this kingdom, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the respective comraiffieners of excise Commission in England and Scotland shall, on or before the said twenty ersforeng ninth day of September, provide, fit cause to be provided, land and Scot moulds or frames for the making of paper to be used for per land, on orb tnks, which paper shall have the words Excise office v&ble in toppro?* the fabtaoce of such paper j and shall alto provide, or cause vide mould to be provided, one or more plate or plates, engraved with for making of certain marks, tamps, and devices, in manner as to them p*to^ shall fieem meet, (which marks, tamps, and devices, on the &«. " plates. Or any of them, may from time to time be varied* or altered in fitch manner, and as often as the said cotnmif ftoncra for the time being respectively shall think necessary), for the printing, tamping, and marking the said paper: and all permits from thenceforth to be given or granted, by the respective officers for the several duties of excise and inland duties, for the removal of any exciseable commodity, shall be printed, tamped, and marked by the said plate or plates on paper so made, with the words Excise office vidbie in the substance thereof; which said paper shall be made, and the said plate or plates shall be engraven, by such perlbo and persons respefuvely as are now, or hereafter shall be, appointed by the said commis doners of excise, the major part of them, from time to time, under their respective hands and (cals, for those purposes; and as well the said paper fb made, as also the said plate or plates b engraved as aforesaid, shall be kept by such officer or officers as shall from time to time be appointed by the said commissioners, or the major part of themj espectively, for keeping the same: and the officer or officers to be appoint \0 permitto ed for printing permits, shall not print, (lamp, or mark any be granted on paper whereon any permit or permits shall be given or granted any other p for the removal of any exciseable commodity, but on the p*r' paper so provided as aforesaid, and having the words exact office visible in the substance of such paper.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, All persons from apd after the said twenty-ninth day of, if any who shall

person or persons whatsoever (not being authorised by the re m#j^an

spective

33*

for nuking such piper at tfortuid.

or assist in nuking such piper. See.

wikis appointed by the commissioners of excise.

flull suffer death at felons.

Persons counterfeiting permits.

or giving or receiving any false permit.

or altering

any granted by the proper officer,

shall forfeit

500l.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. [1783.

spective of of excite in England and Scotland ter do) shall make, or eause or procure to be made, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the making, or without being authorised or appointed as aforesaid, shall knowingly have in his, her, or their custody or possession'lawful excuse, (the proof whereof shall lie on the person accused), any frame, mould, or instrument, for the making of paper with the words Exafe office visible in the substance of such paper; or shall make, or eause or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or assist in the making, any paper, in the substance of which the words Excise office shall be visible; or if any person (except as before excepted) shall, by arty art, mystery, or contrivance, eause or procure the said words Excise office to appear visible in the substance of any paper whatever; or if any person or persons whatever (not being appointed as aforesaid) shall engrave, cast, cut, or make, or shall eause or procure to be engraven, cast, cut, or made, any plate or plates, or othev thing, with any mark, stamp, or device thereort, in imitation of, or to resemble any mark, stanhp, or device, made and used by the direction of the said commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, respectively, in manner as aforesaid, for the purpose of printing, stamping, and marking of the paper to be used for a permit or permits, to accompany any exciseable commodity or commodities removing or removed from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, in pursuance of the directions of the several Statutes requiring such permit; every person so offending, in any of the cases aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for such offence, be deemed and adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September if any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or forge, or eause to be counterfeited or forged, any permit for the removal of any exciseable commodity from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, for the removal of which a permit or certificate is by any act or as of parliament now in force required; or if any person or persons shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue permit, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue permit with any such exciseable commodity to be removed or removed as aforesaid; or if any person or persons shall fraudulently alter or crafe any permit, after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper officer of excise; or if any person or persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such permit so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, or erased; every person so offending shall (in lieu of any former penalty), for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the lum of five hundred pounds; which forfeiture shall and miy be prosecuted in any of his majesty's conns

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. 339

of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September9 Penalty on if any officer of excise or other inland duties, shall deliver out, officer or suffer to be delivered out, any paper having the words mpar^perl Excise office visible in the substance thereof, either before or mitsimprol after the (lamp or mark, so to be provided as aforesaid, shall perly, be printed thereon, or before the same shall be filled up, agreeable to the request note brought from any trader, for the purpose of having a permit for the removal of some exciseable commodity; or if any such officer shall knowingly give Qr or granting grant any false or untrue permit, or shall make any talfe or faifeperinit* untrue entry in the counterpart or counterparts of any per emit or permits, by him given or granted for the removal of any exciseable commodity from the (lock of any dealer therein; or shall knowingly and willingly receive or take any exciseable commodity whomever into the (lock of any such dealer, brought in with any false, forged, or untrue permit, or shall knowingly permit or suffer the same to be done, directly or indirectly, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the several Statutes in such case made and provided, every such officer so offending being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported, in like manner as other felons are directed to be transported, by the laws and Statutes of this realm, for any time not exceeding seven years.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon every action, bill, plaint, or information, entered Upon every or filed in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, action en or court of exchequer in Scotland, for the said penalty of five tered irl anp hundred pounds, a capias in the first process shall and may at issue, specifying the said penalty; and the defendant or defend minder, cants shall be obliged to give sufficient bail, by natural born for the pe subjects, persons naturalised, or denizens, to the person or n*by 5°jj persons to whom such capias shall be directed, to appear in the court out of which such capias shall issue, at the day of the return of such writ, to answer such suit or prosecution; and to

shall likewise, at the time of such appearance, give sufficient gjvc bail for bail or security, by such persons as aforesaid, in the said court, his tppear to answer and pay the said forfeiture of five hundred pounds,nce» a»dalfo in case he or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, Pc

her, or their bodies to prison*

jfnd whereas, notwithstanding the many laws already made to prevent the private distillation of low wines and of spirits, evil minded persons do privately make spirits \ for the better defining such persons, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, From Sep. 19, in case any officer or officers of excise shall know, or have i78j»ifany cause to suspect, that any private or concealed dill, back, or officer shall other vessel, spirits, low wines, wash, or other materials, toy

Iepreparing private still,

340

C within the limits of the head office, and make oath thereof before a justice, or the comnuffioa* «rs;

or in any other pait of Great Britain, and shall make oath thereof before a justice of the county, seem

the said com snufioners or justicet may grant a (pedal warrant to break open such fu I petted house, and to seize such Kills, spirits. See.

and if not claimed, by the owner, within ten dayt, the same fhatt be forfeited, and the proprietor, Sec. shall pay 200l. for every such place, and Kill, See. found therein.

Penalty on obstru Cling officers in Seizing private tills, See.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. [1783.

preparing for distillation, are setup or kept in any house or place; then, and in such case, if such house or place shall be within the limits of the chief office of excise upon oath made by such officer or officers before one or more justice*or justice of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, where such house or place shall be, or before the commiuionets of excise, or any two or more of them; orin case the same shall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon path made by such officer or officers, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, divicon, or place where such officer or officers shall fulpett the same to be setup and kept, setting forth the ground of such his or their suspicion; it shall apd may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of excise, pr justice or justipes of the peace refaeclively, before whom such affidavit or affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant under his or their respective hands and seals, to authorise and empower such officer or officers, by day or by night, (but if in the night time, then in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace, who are hereby required to be aiding and a (Tiding the rein), to break open the doors or any part of such house or place, where he or they shall fq> know or suspect such private or concealed still, back, or other vessel, spirits, low wines, wah, or materials for distillation, are so setup and kept, and to enter into such house or place, and to seize all and every such (tills backs, or other vessels, and all such spirits, low wines, wah, and other materials preparing for distillation, which he or they shall find and discover, and either to detain and keep the same in the house or place where found, or to remove the fiupe to the office of excise next to the place where tlfe (amt shall be so discovered and found; and in case the same shall not, within ten days next after such seizure, be claimed by the true and lawful owj^ef thereof, then the said Hills, backs, and other vessels, spirits, low wines, wah, and other materials for distillation, shall be absolutely forfeited, and the proprietor of any such private or concealed still, back, or other vessel, or thp person in whose custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose, for every place in which every such private still, back, or other vessel, shall be so found, and also for every such dill, back, and vessel, found therein, the fom of two hundred pounds; and if any person or persons shall obstruct, oppose, moled, or hinder, any officer or officers of excise, or others acting in their assistance, in the due seizing any such private or concealed dills, backs, or other vessels, spirits, low wines, wash, or other materials for distillation, or in detaining or keeping the same in the place where found, or ia removing the same, or any of them, after seizure, to the next office of excise as aforesaid; then, and in every such case, every person so offending, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XIV And) in order to deter persons from aiding or ajfi/iing

J

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. fc. 76. j4t

tie proprietors of such private jhus in tarrying on their fraudulent practictsy be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, fromsept. 19* from, and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, when jany any officer or officers of 'excise shall at any time discover Sfall be found and find any private or concealed fthl, back, or vessel, for aiding and af the making, preparing, or keeping of wash, low wines, or sitting in any spirits, or other materials preparing, for distillation, and hall private duftif. at the same time discover in the room or place where such' '

still, back, or other vessel, shall be so found, any per 30 '* folk or 'persons knowingly aiding, assisting, or anyways concerned in carrying on such private distillation, every such person and persons so discovered, shall (over and above all other penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor, or person in whole. custody or possession the same mall be found, is now subject and liable unto) forfeit and lose the sum of thirty pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for the officer and officers of excise, and all other persons ailing in their aid and assistance, to stop, aired, and detain, all and every the person and persons lb discovered in such room or place, and to convey the said person and persons before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, wherein such persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid j and it shall and may be lawful to and and shall be for such justice or justices of the peace respectively, on con carried before session of the party, or by proof on the oath of one or more*itt "ice credible witness or witnesses made of such offence, to convict the person or persons so discovered as aforesaid: and the person or persons so convicted shall, immediately on such conviction, pay the said sum of thirty pounds, into the hands of the officer who shall hase conveyed such offender before such justice or justices of the peace, to be applied in maimer as herein after is directed; and on such offender or On default offenders refiifing or neglecting to pay the said sum of thirty of paying the pounds, the justice or justices so convicting as aforesaid shall Pen, lily <* and may, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand committed? and seat, or hands and seals, commit the offender or offenders to the house of correction for the said county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of six months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction, and the person or persons so committed shall not be discharged until he,

(he, or they; hate paid the said sum'of thirty pounds, or until the expiation Of tyre said six months; and in Case a

the person or persons so c6rrvi<sted shall be again discovered focond sin any room or place where any private still, back, or other fence, reffd, shall be discovered and found as aforesaid, aiding, assisting, or otherwise concerned in carnring on any private dif ttltery, he, she, or they, W again offending, shall, upon the Kfce conviaidn* ftffeit and pay, for such second offence, the sum Of firtty pounds, and shall be committed to the house of cottc&ion in manner aforesaid, there to remain for and during the

From Sep.9}7*5. all horses, carriages, C employed in re paoviogbritiq) spirits, without a proper permit, may oefeized.

Before Sept, so, 1711, distulers to demolish their trunks or close vessels for receiving w*jb, See.

on penalty of iooi.

Distillers, C to take away all pipes fattened to the end of their Bid worms,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. [lytjj

the term of one year, or until the said Aim of sixty pooafe shall be paid.

XV 'And tbt mtrt tfftbuallj prevent the removal of jfirinj that have been privately distilltd, frm the pious where mode to though houses of verifiers and empeunders of spiritsf be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the fesd twenty-ninth day of September, it shall and may be lawfdl to and for the officers of excise, and they and each of them is and are hereby required to seize all and every horse and other cattle, and all carriages and boats whatsoever, made life of or employed in the removing, carrying, or conveying British made spirituous liquors from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, unless the British made spirits so removing, carrying, or conveying, shall be accompanied with such authentic permits or certificates from same or one of the officers of his majesty's revenue of excise, as by the several Statutes in such case made and provided are directed to accompany the same when removing as aforesaid j which seizures of horses, cattle, carriages, and boats, shall and may be proceeded upon, heard, and determined, by such ways, means, and methods, as other seizures made by the officers of excise may now be proceeded upon, heard, and determined, by any law or laws relating to his majesty's revenue of excise.

And whereas great frauds have been and may be Hurried on by means of trunks and other close vessels sit up by difillers and makers of low wines and of spirits, for receiving wafts and aether materials fit for di/iillation from the wah backs, and other utensils, before the same is pumped up into their Jlill or fills; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, every distiller and maker of low wines or of spirits, whether for faleor for exportation, having or keeping any trunk or other close vessel or utensil for receiving or keeping wah, or other materials fit for distillation, shall, before the said twenty-ninth day of September, take up, demolish, or convert into open vessels, every such trunk and other close vessel or utensil; and that no distiller or maker of low wines or of spirits, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, shall erect, setup, have, or keep, any trunk, or any other close vessel or utensil, for receiving, keeping,or making wah, or other materials preparing for distillation, on pain to forfeit, for every such trunk, or other close vessel and utensil, so erected, setup, kept, or continued, after the said twenty-ninth day of September, the sum of one hundred pounds: and, to the end that the officers of excise may be able to taste and examine the quality of the low wines and of the spirits coming from the still or stills of every distiller and maker of low wines and of spirits, whether for Tale or for exportation, compounder and rectifier of spirits, every such distiller and maker, reifier and compounder, shall, before the said twenty-ninth day of September, cut off or takeaway all pipes or other conveyances already fixed or fattened to the end of the worms belonging to their respective still and stills BAND from and after a the

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70.

143

the said twenty-ninth day of September, no such dlftillef, maker,

rediifier, or compounder, shall six or falien, or suffer to be fixed

or fattened, any pipe or other conveyance to the end of any worm belonging to any of their dill or (tills, but shall

leave the end of the worm belonging to each and every of his and their respective (till and (tills open and free for the officers of excise to taste and examine the low wines and spirits

respectively coming from every such (till and (tills; and the

low wines and spirits so coining from the ends of the said respective

worms shall openly and publicly run into an open

life, or other open vessel kept for that purpose, and the same shall respectively be conveyed from such safe, or other open

vessel, into the low wine calk, or spirit calk, as the case may

be: and if any such distiller, maker, remitter, or compounder, on penalty of

shall riegled to take away, or cut off, all such pipes or other Joel.

conveyances as shall be so fixed or fastened to the end of the

worm, to each of his, her, or their (till or (tills respectively

belonging, as herein before directed $ or shall, after the said twenty-ninth dav of September, six or falien, or cause or suffer to be fixed or fattened, any pipe or other conveyance to the end

of any worm of any (till to him, her, or them respectively

belonging, or shall run their low wines or spirits frdm the end

of the worms of their respective (till or (tills into any other

vessel than the safe, or other open public vessel kept for that purpose, or shall not convey the same respectively from such

safe, or other open vessel, into the low wines cask, or spirits

cade, as the case may be; every such distiller, maker, rectifier,

and compounder, so offending, shall, for each offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, discharge the discharge cocks belonging to each and every (till of every cock to be distiller and maker of low wines or of spirits, whether for sale fixed the or exportation, shall be so placed and fixed in the body of the IK respective (tills as that the officers of excise may have free they telong and convenient access to the same; and for that purpose every C such discharge cock shall be Continued in a straight line from the body of the (till to which it is fixed, and such discharge cock shall not, in any case, project more than three feet from the body of any such (till, nor more than eighteen inches from the brickwork or other materials whereon the said respective (till or (tills shall be erected or placed; and if any on penalty of distiller or maker of low wines, or of spirits, shall six or place 100l. the discharge cock of any still, to him, her, or them belonging, otherwise than as herein is directed, he, she, or they shall, for every such offened, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, Key of dif the keys of every charging cock, and of every discharge cock, charge cocks, that shall be made use of oy any distiller or maker of low wines to*

and spirits, whether for sale or for exportation, or by any rec ma

tifier

Mouths of such cocks to be left free.

Penalty on default.

When any still shall cease to be worked, the head thereof shall be taken off.

on forfeiture ofiool.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70." [1783.

tifier or compounder of spirits, for charging or for dtfcharginj and emptying any still or stills, or other entered utensil hj him, her, or them respectively made use of, shall be had, made, and constructed in manner following, and in no other form cm manner whatever; that is to say. The key of each, and every such cock shall be made with an open eye or hole in the top part thereof, and every such eye or hole shall be of such a fixe, as to be capable of receiving a leaver, fafficient to tom the respective cock or cocks, at ah times when the officers shall have occasion to turn the same in the execution of the powers and authority to them given for that purpose, by the Several Statutes in such case made and provided; and every such key of every such cock and cocks, shall be of one piece, and solid to the bottom, and so riveted into the cock of which it is apart as to prevent the same from being taken out of the body of the said cock; and such charging cocks and discharge cocks respectively, shall not have any hole or place of discharge, but at the mouth only; and no distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, redtifier or compounder of spirits, shall, for any purpose, or on any pretence whatsoever, six or place, or suffer to be fixed or placed, any grate, (trainer, or any other thing whatsoever, on or before the mouth of any such charge cock, or of any such discharge cock; but the mouths of each and every such cock shall be left free and clear from every thine that can or may prevent the officers of excise from searching and examining the inside of the mouth or opening of each and every such cock and cocks: and if any such distiller or maker, redtifier or compounder, shall make use of, or shall six or place any charge cock, or discharge cock, to an? of his (till or stills, or to any other of his entered utensils, of any other construction or make than that herein before mentioned; or shall at any time six or place anything whatsoever on or before the mouth or opening of any such cock, whereby the officer shall or may be prevented from searching and examining the inside thereof; then, and in every such case, every such distiller, maker, rectifier, and compounder, (had, for each offence respectively, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority lforefs That, from and after the said twenty*ninth day of Septa every redtifier and compounder of (pints shall take off, or 1 to be taken off, the head and beads of each and every (till am stills to him belonging, when and as soon as any such (till! ol stills shall cease to be worked; and the head or heads of such still or stills shall in no case, nor on any pretence, or on any account, be put on such still or (tills, until each such still shall be again charged and ready to work, nor until the officer shall have examined the quality of the spirits then in each such still < and if any such redtifier or compounder shall neglect to take oil each and every head and heads from each respective still and stills, when and so soon as each such still shall cease to be worked, or shall io any case, or on any pretence or account whatsoever

u pul

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. 345

put on any such head or heads, on any of his dill or dills, before such dill or dills shall be charged and ready to work, and before the officer shall have examined the quality of the spirits then in the dill, he, she, or they so offending' shall for each offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XX. And whereas the opening of the furnace doors of the sills belonging to compounders and rectifiers of spirits, before the Jlills are actually charged, and the heads o f such Jlills are put on, has given opportunities for fraud; for preventing of such frauds, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after Directions re the said twenty-ninth day of September, whenever the officer j?tive to commissioners of excise shall have received a notice (as directed by the datute, nceforop«n in that case made) for opening the furnace door of any dill ing the fvlv? or dills belonging to any redhfier or compounder of spirits, nace door of and shall attend for that purpose, such officer dull not on any dills belong pretence open the furnace door of any such dill or dills, but of such as are at that time fully charged, nor until he hath ex9amined the contents of such dill or dills, and hath seen the head or heads of such dill or dills respectively actually put on and ready to be locked down; nor shall such officer, when attending on any such notice at the dill house of any such rectifier or compounder, be obliged to continue there more than one hour at any one time; and if such reifier or compounder (half not within that time have charged the dill or dills mentioned in that notice, and have put on the head or heads of the said dill or dills, so as they be ready to be locked down, every such reifier and compounder shall be obliged to give another like notice in writing, before the officer shall be obliged to attend again to open the furnace door or doors of his, her, or their dill or dills; any law, cudom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And that the officers of excise may be the better enabled to examine the contents of every fill and fills, to any distiller or maker of low wines and spirits, whether for sale or exportation, rectifier, or compounder of spirits belongings and to take fill gauges thereofs be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from Distillersto and after the said twenty-ninth day of September every distiller provide pro and maker of low wines andtpirits, and every compounder per ladders to and redtifier of spirits, shall provide proper ladders whereby fcers'to get the officers of excise may get to the top of each dill to every to the top of such distiller, maker, compounder, and redtifier respectively their (tills belonging; and every such distiller, maker, compounder, and and to assist redtifier, or some person on their behalf, shall be aiding and them in et affiding to the said officer in setting up the ladder, and in ex araining the contents of every such dill, and in taking dillla er C gauges thereof; and if any such distiller, maker, compounder, n penalty of or redlifier, respectively, shall neglect to provide proper lad a00* ders for the purposes aforesaid, or shall not by himself, or by some other on his behalf, aflid the said officers in setting up the ladder, and in taking the account and dill gauges as aforesaid; or shall, by any means whatever, hinder or obstruct Yql. XXXIV A a tbs

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. [1783.

the officer or officers of excise fom examining the contents of each such (till, or in taking the gauge thereof $ then, and in every such case, the distiller, maker, compounder, or rectifier, (o offending, shall, for each offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXII Jnd) for the further preventing frauds be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said impowered?o twenty-ninth day of September, it shall and may be lawful for take samples every officer of excise, and they are hereby empowered to take of wash from at any time or times, a faraple or samples of the wah, in any ddhliers, n wash back or other vessel belonging to any distiller or maker pergaston for f lw w*ncs and spirits, either for sale or exportation, not the ian\e. exceeding twelve gallons in the whole, out of each such walb back or other vessel, paying for such wah after the rate of Penalty on one shilling and sixpence per galion; and in case any such dtf refusal. tiller or maker of low wines and spirits, or any workman or servant to him or them belonging, shall refuse to permit such officer or officers to take such sample or samples as aforesaid upon his or their offering to pay for the same after the rate aforesaid, or shall any ways obstruct or hinder him or them in taking such sample or samples, such dicti)ler#or maker (hal), for each offence respectively, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

After Sept. 19, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September,

no lbllk°rthav! no distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, whether for firie more than one r ^.

fixed charg or for exportation, shall, on any pretence whatever, have or

ing pipe, and keep any fixed pipe or other conveyance whatever, leading to

onedischarge any (kill or stills, save and except one charging-pipe to each

cock such still; nor shall have any conveyance whatever leading from any such still or stills, save and except the discharge cock

on penalty of to each still respectively belonging, on pain to forfeit for every

aool. fixed pipe or other conveyance, leading to, or leading from,

such still and stills, (not before excepted), the sum of two

hundred pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Any corn That, if any corn distiller, or maker of low wines or spirits

after Sept. from corn or grain, shall, after the said twenty-ninth day of

shall ufc any September, make use of any melasses, course sugar, honey, or melasses, ho any composition or extra of sugar, in the brewing, making, r\ty % C in or preparing, wash for distillation, or in making or extracting

dif ow w*nes or spirits, or shall receive or take into his custody

filiation, shall or possession any quantity of melasses, coaric sugar, honey, or, forfeit tool any composition or extract of sugar, exceeding ten pounds weight; every such corn distiller, and maker of low wines and spirits from corn or grain, shall forfeit and lose, for every such and every fer °ffencei the sum of one hundred pounds; and every servant vant, or Other of such corn distiller, or maker of low wines or spirits from person aftirt corn or grain, and every other person who shall be aiding and (h5iltfcrf, l)' n the u^ins any melasses, coarse sugar, honey, or any

aoh or b^iiu cornpqfition or extract of sugar, in the brewing, making, or

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. 347

preparing wash for distillation, or in making or extracting low pnfoned for i*in£s or spirits, or in carrying or conveying the same into the j^th*. house, still house, or other place belonging to such corn dif filler, or maker of low wines or spirits from corn or grain, shall also forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum or twenty pounds, and in default of payment shall suffer three months imprisonment,

XXV. And whereas distillers having made entry of their jiilu boufesy have sometimes withdrawn those entries whilst wash and other materials prepared for distillation remain unwsrkedy be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the After Seps. said twenty-ninth day of September, no distiller or maker of low jg jf wines or spirits, compounder or rectifier of spirits, who shall £oufe^or have made entry of any still house and utensils, for she pur utensils, shall pose of distillation, as by the several Statutes relating to the be withdrawn duties on British made spirituous liquors he his required to do, "hdft wall^be permitted to withdraw such his entry whilst wall, low terials^olndrf vrines, or other materials preparing or fit for distillation, are filiation, are remaining in any of the places, or in any of the utensils, so by remaining him, her, or them respectively entered as aforesaid; but inrbercin. every such case the officers of excise, under whose survey such

distiller or maker shall then be, shall continue to survey the places and utensils mentioned in each such entry, until all the wash, low wines, and other materials, shall be worked off, and the duties charged on the produce thereof, or until the same shall be removed from and out of the said entered places, and then, and not till then, shall any such entry, made as aforesaid, be withdrawn

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Motto leffeu That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed the powers of to extend, to take away or lessen any of the powers or author of ities heretofore given to the officers of excise and for the inland* duties, by any law or laws now in force relating to the said

duties.

XXVII. And whereas by dn aily made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present majesty, (entitled, An act for the bet Recital of ter management and collection of the duties upon male servants,1 Geo. * granted by an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign ofcap.* L his present Majesty), it was enabled, That all prosecutions for the recovery of the duties imposed upon male servantsy and also for all forfeitures and offences made and committed against the said ablsf within all or any of the counties hires > stewartriesy cities towns, or placesy within the kingdom of Great Britain, ball be beard and determined by any two or more of the justicei of the peace reftding near to the place where such forfeitures shall be made or offence committed; and if the party finds himself aggrieved by the judgement given by the said justices, be hall and may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter sessionsy who are authorised, and empowered to hear and determine the famey and whose judgement therein shall be final: and whereas doubts have arifeny whether the word Party, in the said act mentioned, does

348 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70.

[1^83.

extend as well to the informers in such prosecutions as to the de fendants therein named: now, to obviate all such doubts, be partyrtn the lt declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said act)exr word Party, in the said at mentioned, was intended to extend, plained. and does extend, to either party who think themselves aggrieved by any judgement given, or to be given, by any justices of the peace in pursuance of the said act.

XXVIII. And whereas by a clause in an act, pq/fed in the lajk Recital of Jffion of parliament, (entitled An act for repealing the duties pay

Geo. iir, able for beer and ale above six Shillings the barrel, exclusive of cap. 6s. f. 18. the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the bar rel, exclusive of such duties, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned: and also additional duties on fope made in Great Britain, and upon the produce of the said additional duties on coaches, and on other Carriages; and for the better securing the duty upon tea, and other duties of excise; and also for appointing the number of commissioners of excise, who may hear causes depending before them relative to the duties on male servants); it was enacted, That no tea, exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weight, (not being within the chejl in which the same was imported into'this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and then continuing in the same state in which it was imported), ball at any one time, directed to one and the same person, (or pxrfons where there are two or more in joint trade or partnership) be removed or carried from any city, town, parish, or place in this king dom, not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chid' office of excise in London, to any other place out of the limits aforesaid, not within the said city, town, parish, or place, from which the same shall be so removed or carried; and if any tea, exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weight, at any one time, directed to one and the same person, (or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or partnership), hall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, the same, together with the camjlers, bags, and other package con tabling the same, and the vessels and boats and the horses and other cattle, and carriages employed in removing or carrying the same, hall be forfeited, and bau and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise: and whereas it was intended that the said forfeitures in the said clause mentioned, Should extend to all cases where tea, exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weightshould be removed or carried, or removing or carrying, in the manner in the said act mentioned, but the word Forty was by mistake infected in the said clau/e, instead of the word Twenty: now, for correcting and amending the said mistake, be it enacted by the authority afore tea exceed That if any tea exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds itfg to pounds weight, at any one time, directed to one and the same person, weight, (not (or persons where there ate two or more in joint trade or part betng in the nership), and not being in the original chest as aforesaid,

chert in which u n u r*j, b.

it was import be f°unci removed or carried, or removing or carrying,

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70; 349

whether with or without permit, from any city, tdwn, parirti, ed)»h?chshall or place in this kingdom, not being within the limits of the b.c. rc, !loved said weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise irf city, not London to any other place out of the limits aforesaid, not within within the bilfs the said city, town, parish, or place, from which the same shall o' mortality, be so removed or carried; all such tea, together with the ca hefor nifters, bags, and other package containing the same, and the [hc^ackage vessels and boats, and the horses and other cattle, and carriages cattle, and employed in removing and carrying the same, shall be forfeited, carriages, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise;

thing in the said clause in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any information or suit shall be commenced and If theclaimer brought to trial, on account of the seizure of any goods, mer of goods, chandizes, or commodities whatsoever, seized as forfeited by yctdi^nd any act or acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be t fllau kp« made, relating to his majesty's revenue of excise or inland du pear to the ties, or of any ship, vessel, or boat, or of any horses or other tba* the cattle, or of any carriages used or employed in removing or car of^bable rying the same, wherein a verdict shall be found for the claimer cause of fei thereof; and it shall appear to the judge or court before, whom zure, the the same shall be tried, that there was a probable cause of claimant shall seizure, the judge or court before whom the same shall be tried,

shall certify_on the record that there was a probable cause for the prosecutor seizing the said goods, merchandizes, commodities, ships, vessels, boats, horses, or other cattle; or carriages, as the case may be; and in such case the claimant shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatsoever, nor shall the person who seized the said goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or the said ships, vessels, or boats, or the horses or other cattle or carriages, be liable to any action, indictment, or other suit or prosecution on account of such seizure; and that in case any action, indictment, or prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to trial, against any person or persons whatsoever, on account of the seizure of any such goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or of any ships, vessels, boats, horses, or other cattle or carriages, used and employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a verdict shall be given against the defendant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom such action or prosecution, shall be tried, shall certify on the said record, that there was a probable cause for such seizure, then the plaintiff, besides the thing so seized, or thte value thereof, shall not be entitled to above twopence damages, nor to any costs of suit, nor shall the defendant in such prosecution be fined above one shilling.

XXX. And for the more effectud preventing vexatious suits against the officers of extife, and their affijlants acting under the authorities and powers to them given by the fsveral Jiaiutes made for securing the duties of excise and inland duties; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day

A a 3 of

35°

From Aug. i, 1783. officer not to be sued for executing their office, until after a month's notice.

Particular to be contained in such notice.

Officers may

tender

amends.

If afnend* tendered be sufficient, a verdict to be given for the defendant,

who shall be intitltd to cods, C

No evidence of the cause of action to be produced, except what is contained in the notice.

Defendant may pay money into court.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. [1783.

of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty three no writ shall be sued out against, nor a copy of any process served upon, any officer or officers of excise, or against any person or persons, acting by his or their order, and in his or their aid for anything done in the execution of, or by reason of his or their office, until one calendar month next after notice in writing shall have been delivered <0 him, or left at the usual place of his abode, by the attorney or agent for the party who intends to sue out such writ or process as aforesaid; in which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the cause of action, the name and place of abode of the person who is to bring such action, and the name and place of abode of the said attorney or agent, and that a see of twenty Shillings shall be paid for the preparing and serving of every such notice, and no more.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said officers, or other persons acting in their aid, to whom such notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any time within one calendar month after such notice shall have been given, to tender amends to the party complaining, or to his or her agent or attorney, and in case the same is not accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any action to be brought against him, grounded on such writ or process, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea, with leave of the court; and if upon issue joined thereon, the jury shall find the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict for the defendant or defendants.; and in such case, or in case the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or discon tinue his or heraction, or in case judgement shall be given for such defendant or defendants upon demurrer, then such defendant or defendants shall be entitled to the like cods as he would have been entitled to in case he had pleaded the general iffuo only; and if upon issue so joined the jury shall find that no amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the defendant or defendants in such other plea or pleas, then they shall give a verdict for the plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think proper, together with his or her costs of suit,

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no plaintiff, in any case where an action shall be grounded on. any act done by the defendant, shall be permitted to produce any evidence of the cause of such action, except such as shall be contained in the notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover any verdict against such officer, or persons acting in his aid, unless he shall prove on the trial of such action that such notice was given, and that in default of such proof the defendant in such action shall recover a verdict and costs as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such officer, or others acting in his aid, shall neglect to tender any amends, or shall have tendered inefficient amends, before the action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him, by leave of

35*

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70.

the court where such action shall be brought, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he shall see fit, whereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced Limitation of against any person or persons for any matter or thing done by actions. any officer or officers of excise, or any others acting in his or their aid, in execution of, or by reason of his or their office, such action or suit shall be brought or commenced within three months next after the cause of action shall arise, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fads were committed, and not in any other county or place; and the defendant or defendants shall and may plead the general General issue. issue, and give the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, or if, upon a verdict or demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have such remedies for the same Treble costs, as any defendant or defendants can or may have in other cases where costs are given by law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any goods liable tp duties of excise, or inland du Claimers of ties, shall be seized by virtue of or in pursuance of any ad or goods seized acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, or if menvoffiwt* any action shall be brought by the owner or claimer of any such duties, goods, against any officer or officers of excise, or for the inland duties, or any person acting in their assistance, for anything done in pursuance of any such act or acts, the proof of the payment of the excise or inland duties upon the goods so seized shall Jay upon the owner or claimer of such goods, and not on the person who seized the same, or against whom such action shall be brought.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall obstruct, affaulr, resist, Persons ob oppose, molest, or hinder, any officer or officers of excise in the Gifting offi, due execution of the several powers and authorities given or granted to such officers by this act, every person or persons so s9offending shall (except in such cases for which other penalties are herein before directed) forfeit and lose, for every such octo forfeit 1001, fence, the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this Penalties and ad (and not herein before other wise directed) shall be sued for, forfeitures recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued applied, for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 71* 72. [1783.

of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster % or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of certain messuages* lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Kent, purchased in pursuance of an act made in the last session of parliament, to vest certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at port(moada and Chatham.

at Geo. 3. C So. recited t and his Majesty's letters patent, dated Sept. j 7s1, appointing commissioners, and that the of met, on Nor. XI 17s2, at the townhall of Rochester, and certain lands, C in the parish of Gillingham, and the timber thereon, valued at 4, 789l. 14 s. 3 d. but no provision made for payment. Enacted that out of the supplies granted for 1783, the sum of 4, 789l. 14s. 3d. shall be applied for making compensation for the before mentioned lands, tenements, C Surveyor general of the prdnance to make out bills to persons entitled under the decree of the of Debentures for such sums to be prepared by the clerk of the ordnance, Sec. The sums mentioned in such debentures, to be paid accordingly The sum decreed to be paid to the principal and scholars of King's Hall, Sec. in Oxford, to be laid out in purchase of lands, Sec. also reciting that several sums of money have been decreed to be paid into the hands of trustees, for the purposes therein mentioned, mirfuant to the wills of Thomas Fletcher and Elizabeth Proby. The said sums being 1, 6761. 14s. 3d. and 1741. 8s. to be paid to the deputy remembrancer of the court of exchequer; who shall give a discharge for the same, and certify the receipt thereof to the barons of the exchequer, call such money received by the deputy remembrancer, to be paid into the bank. Barons of exchequer, upon petition. Sec. empowered to make orders for payment of the money received by the deputy remembrancer, or for placing it in the funds, Sec. On death or removal of deputy remembrancer, all stocks. Sec. vested in him by virtue of this, aft, shall vest in his successor, Sec. If in future there Should be no deputy remembrancer, then the trusts vested in him by this act shall vest in the remembrancer. If persons entitled to debentures shall neglect to take the same for a month after notice, they may be deposited with the clerk of the peace, See. All the lands, Sec. which have been valued as to be taken by his Majesty, shall, on? payment of such valuation, be vested in his Majesty, his heirs, C forever; and all other lands. Sec. comprised in the ncited aft, shall remain vested in their former proprietors. All the lands. Scc. in the recited act mentioned to be situate in the county of Southampton, and vested in Charles Wolfran Cornwall, C shall continue vested in the same persons, and their heirs. Limitation of actions to six calendar months, and the defendants may plead the general iflbe, and give the special matter in evidence, and it be recovers to have treble costs.

CAP. LXII.

An act for raising.a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three. - To raise 1, 500, 000k on the same terms as in the (and tax aft.

35i

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 73, 74.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the

town and liberties ot Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop. -- Debts

above two Shillings, and under forty Shillings.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for altering the duties and drawbacks upon plain muslins, unrated muslins and calicoes, and nanquin clothes.

WHEREAS it is expedient to reduce the duties payable upon Preamble the importation, and the drawbacks allowed upon the exportation, of certain species of muslins, calicoes, and nanquin clothes, for a limited time, as a means to discourage the pernicious practice of fnmggling those articles into this kingdom, which has been lately, and is now carried on, to the great loss of the public revenue, the detriment of the east-india company, and the fair trader: may it therefore

Eleafe your Majest V that it may be enacted; and be it enacted y the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the thirty first day of August, fromaog jt, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and during the s theirn* continuance of this act, the several rates, duties, and impofi on plain" tiens, payable upon the importation of plain muslins, unrated muslins, muslins and calicoes, and nanquin clothes, into this kingdom, to cease.

shall cease and determine, and are hereby repealed and made void.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, in lieu and instead of the several duties hereby renew duty of pealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, a duty i*percent, of eighteen pounds per centum, on the gross price for which such goods shall be sold by the candle at the Tales of the united com India House. pany of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, without any discount or dedudion whatsoever.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the exportation of any plain muslins, unrated Drawback to muslins and calicoes, and nanquin clothes, from this kingdom be allowed on into foreign parts, which shall be sold at the sales of the said united company after the said thirty first day of August, one s000*' thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in lieu and instead of the former drawbacks heretofore paid and allowed upon the exportation of such goods, there shall be paid and allowed to the exporter thereof, a drawback of ten pounds per centum, and no more, out of the duty paid or payable upon the importation of such goods in pursuance of this act.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duty granted by this act shall be r^fed, le New doty to vied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and the draw be and back hereby granted Audi be allowed and paid, in the same drawback to

manner^allowed, in

by

354

the same manner, and sub- je to the lame regulations, as the tofmer duties and drawback.

Continuance of this a St to Aug, 3*1 >7*7'

[Preamble.]

Recital of s t Geo. y C 40. U a repealed.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. [1783.

manner and form, and shall be subject to the same rules, regulations, securities, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures in all respects '(except where any alteration is made by this act) as the former duties and drawbacks were subject and liable to by any act of parliament now in force, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, rules, regulations, securities, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, relative thereto, were again repeated and re enacted in the body of this present act.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue in force until the thirty first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for repealing so much of an act made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty as took off the duties payable Upon the importation of that spedes of blue called Smalts; and for granting relief to the owners or proprietors of tobacco, of the growth of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which jbou not be worth the duties impoftd thereon by an act of the hft feflm of parliament.

WHEREAS by on aft, made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for extending the provisions of three acts, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and in the tenth and nineteenth years of his present majesty's reign, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Injb linens exported, to British and Irish linens, British calicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, or stained in Great Britabty and to buckrams and tilletings, exported during the time therein limited; and for taking off the duties payable upon the importation of that species of blue called Smaltsj it is among other things, en*ft*d % That during the continuance of the said recited acts, no fubfuty, custom, ratty duty, or other impofuion xvbatsoever, hall be demand edy collected, received, or taken, upon that species of blue tailed Smalts, which Jbatl be imported into this kingdom: and whereas it is expedient that so much of the said act as took off the duties on that species of blue called Smalts, Should be repealed; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice andeonfem of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said recited act shall, from and after the first day of Augufly one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void; and all such blue, called smaltsy which, from and after the said hrft day of Augufly shall be imported or brought into any part of Great Britain shall be subject and liable to the same duties and impositions as they would have been subject and liable to if the fai4. tested aft had not been made; anything

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 355

hing the rein, or in any other aa to the contrary not with landing.

II. And whereas, by an act made in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to explain an act. Recital of % % made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Southeast Geo. j. C 73, cond, intituled An act for prohibiting the planting setting, or [owing of tobacco in England or Ireland, and to permit the use and removal of tobacco, the growth of Scotland into England, for a limited time, under certain restrictions,) it wasf amongst other things, enacted, That though lito duties Should be paid for such tobacco as were due and payable upon the importation of such tobacco of the growth and produce of the British colonies or plantations in America: and whereas there is not any provision make in the said recited act for granting any relief to the proprietors of such tobacco in consideration of the inferior quality thereof or any accident or defect that may happen in the growth or culture of such tobacco, Jo as to render the same not marketable or worth the duties imposed thereon; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commis commission sioners of his majesty's customs at Edinburgh, or any three or r of customs more of them, to allow, and order to be paid, to the owner or proprietor of such tobacco, out of any revenue under their ma ^opdctors of nagement which is applicable to the payment of incidents, at bad tobacco the rate of fourpence for every pound weight of such tobacco, 4^. per pound for which the owner or proprietor thereof shall refuse to pay the for the e» full duties imposed by the said recited act; provided such to bebsntvfc* bacco shall be given up by him, to the proper officers of his 1

majesty's customs, to be publicly burnt, or otherwise totally destroyed by such officers; anything in the said recited a to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for the better preventing frauds in the landing and removing of wines in this kingdom; and to prevent the relanding of refined fitgar entered for exportation to obtain the drawback or bounty.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the regulations prescribed by an act made in

the twenty sixth year of his late majesty's reign, entitled

An act to prevent wines, imported into any of the out ports of Recital of

this kingdom, being afterwards brought into the port of Lon Geo. a. C is.

donor parts adjacent, without paying the London duty; and

jrjeral other laws heretofore made to prevent the clandestine running

cj wine into this lingdomy have not been sufficient to answer the good

purposes thereby intended, such illicit practises being lately much increased

and are now carried on to a great degree at several of the

out ports in this kingdom, to the diminution of the public revenue

and the prejudice of the fair merchants: for remedy whereof, may

it please your Majesty that it may be epalted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice

and consent of the lords spiritoai and temporal, and commons,

in

356 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 76. [1783.

'in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the From Sept.?, same. That, from and after the first day of September, one thou-1783, no wine sand seven hundred and eighty-three, no wine of any fortin from an" out an? ^ogfhead or ot^cr whatsoever, shall be removed or pottoh^reat either by land or by water, from any out port, creek,

Britain to any or haven, in Great Britain not being within the limits of the other part of port of London to any other town, port, or place whatsoever, the kingdom, within the same kingdom, without a certificate first had and ^r<sxtifisw^ obtained from the collector and comptroller, or the chief officers of the customs at or nearest to the town, port, or place, from which such wine is intended to be so removed, certifying that the duties due and payable for such wine had been paid at the port or place of importation, or that the same was wine sold for salvage, or that the same had been compounded for or condemned, as the case may be; referring to the time when, and the place where, such wine was entered, sold, compounded for, or condemned, and expressing the quantity and sort of wine, with the marks of the package thereof, to what place, and to whom the lame is consigned, and by what carriage, and by whpm the same is intended to be removed; which fasts shall be verified by the oath of the importer or proprietor of such wine; and if the wine is to be removed by land, the certificate shall also express and limit the time for which such certificate shall continue in force.

Oaths and certificaes to he administered, C by the collector, C without fee. All wine removed without a certificate, C shall be forfeited, with the cattle and carriages removing the same.

In case of dispute relative to removing wine, C proof to lie on the claimer.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the oaths and certificates herein before required, shall and may be administered and granted by the collector and comptroller, or the chief officers of the customs, in the manner before directed, without fee or reward.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any wine shall be removed as aforesaid, or found removing, without the certificate herein before required, or shall not agree therewith, all such wine, and the casks or other package thereof, together with the horses, cattle, carts, wagons, boats, barges, and all other carriages whatsoever, employed, or in any ways made use of in the removing, carrying, or conveying of such wine, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs, and after condemnation, disposed of and divided in such manner as the like goods may for any other cause of forfeiture be seized, prosecuted, disposed of, and divided, by any law in force.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any wine shall be seized for being removed, or for being found removing, without such certificate, or any cattle or carriages shall be seized for removing, or for having been used in removing such wine, and any doubt or dispute shall arise whether such wine hath or hath not been removed, or is or is

not removing, or such cattle or carriages hath or hath not been used in removing thereof, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or

claimer

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 76. 357

claimer of such goods, and not upon the officer who shall seize or flop the same.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore

id. That if any person or persons shall falsely make oath to Penalty on any of the fads herein before required to be sworn, such person person swear or persons shall, on conviction thereof, suffer the like pains anding talfc penalties as are incurred by persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and if any person or persons shall forge, counter and on forfeit, erase, alter, or falsify, any certificate required or directed altering by this act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any cerrtl^jje#i tificate so forged, counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such Kc' 5 person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs or excise as shall sue and prosecute fcfr the same in any court of record at Westminster % or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh respectively.

VI. And whereas the large dtawback or bounty allowed upon the exportation of refined sugar from Great Britain into foreign parts, hath been and maybe an encouragement to fraudulent traders to re land such sugars in this kingdom, after the same bath been entered outwards far exportation, in order to receive the drawback or bounty thereon; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of Septem From Sept. r9 rone thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no draw 17*3* no back or bounty shall be allowed upon the exportation of any drawback to British refined sugar, unless such sugar shall be packed in hog expormfon^ (heads, or other calks, each of which shall contain six hundred British refined weight avoirdupois of such sugar at the lead, and shall not be sugar, unief* packed in bags, boxes, or in any other packages within such pa£kc<vfi hogshead or calk; except such sugars as shall be exported to hundred*Africa or any of the British colonies or plantations in America, weight,

and shall be packed in ironbound puncheons or calks, each of Exception, which puncheons or calks shall be capable of containing one hundred gallons of liquor, or more; and the exporter or pro Exporter, C prietor of such sugar, together with the matter of the vessel on g»vc bond board of which the same shall be entered for exportation, shall, amountvf1* before the shipping thereof, give bond to the collector and the drawback, comptroller of the customs at the port of exportation, (which for the due*bond they are hereby impowered to take in the name and to exportation of the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors)) treble the'uch fusdr' amount of the drawback or bounty on such sugar, for the due exportation thereof, (the danger of the Teas and enemies excepted j) and that such sugar shall not be brought back or relanded, or unshipped to be relanded, in Great Britain, the lfie f Many or the islands^of Faro or Ferro: and if such sugar so All sugar so entered for exportation, shall not be bona fide shipped and ex entered, which ported on board the vessel on which the same shall be so enter 0111, 1 no* ed, or if such sugar, after the shipping thereof, shall be brought forfeited, back into this kingdom, or be relanded, or unshipped with ail with the vef intention to be relanded, in this kingdom, (unless in case of fel, C

358 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 77. [1783.

distress to save the ship from perilling, or by order of the of, or principal officers of the customs)) fogar, ten gether with the ship or vessel from which the same shall be un shipped, and the boats vessels, and all other cattle and carriages whatsoever used in the landing, removing carrying or Penalty on conveying of such sugar, shall be forfeited and lost $ and every persons assist person who shall bring back, or who shall cause or procure in in unship. such fagar to^brought back, or shall be assisting or otherwise landingt^re concerned in the bringing back, relanding, or unshipping such of 8'sugar, or to whose hands the same shall knowingly come, after the same shall be brought back, relanded, or unshipped, or by whose privity, knowledge, or direction, the said sugar, or any part thereof, shall be brought back, relanded, or unshipped, shall forfeit treble the value thereof: which said forfeitures and penalties shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs j and, after condemnation, disposed of and divided in such manner and form as the like goods and penalties may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, disposed of, and divided, by any law in force.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the bonds herein before directed to be token for the due exportation of such sugar, shall remain undiichaigbd in the hands of the officers who took the same for three years from the dates thereof; and in case no prosecution shall be commenced for some breach or nonperformance of the conditions thereof within three years after the dates of such bonds; or if, upon such prosecution, judgement be not obtained for his majesty within the space of two years after the prosecution is commenced, such bonds shall be void, and shall be cancelled, but not otherwise.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority

Persons sued aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested,5£ex£cuting or prosecuted, for anything done by virtue or in pursuance ot Sead the^ge xs person and persons Audi and may plead the general

issuef*neral issue, and shall give this act, and the special matter in and shall be cadence > anc if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defend entitled to ant or defendants, or the plaintiff shall discontinue his action, treble costs. or he nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him upon

demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff.

CAP. LXXVII.

Bonds to remain three years in the officers hands/&c.

An act for the more effectual encouragement of the manufactuw tj flax and cotton in Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is of confluence that the manufactures pro duced from the raw materials of flax and cotton, emptying and maintaining great numbers of his Majestfs subjects, fbouli ti preftrued % promoted, and encouraged, but which are now greatly d flrufted by the high duties payable on fopt, forth, and other drtirfu

necejisrj

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 77. 35

ntceffiarily employed and eonfumed therein; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of January one From Jan. 1,

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, it shall and may be 1784, manu

lawful to and for any person or persons in the manufacturing f flaxland#°t

flax or cotton, and bringing the same to a finished date for sale, tone

or in any part of the process or progress thereof, and who shall make oath

employ, spend, and consume any quantity or quantities of fope before a pro

or starch, in the preparing, bleaching, whitening, and bringing P

of flax or cotton to a finished manufacture for sale, or in any of^ope^adc#

part of the progress of the same, (excepting fope employed, starch con

spent, and eonfumed in whitening new linen in the piece for fumed by

sale the drawbacks on which shall be and remain the same as

by any former act or acts of parliament,) or to and for his, her, nufacture cor

their overseers or chief workmen employed under him, her,

or them, in those works, or any of them, at the end of each

year from the date of the entry herein after directed to be made,

or within six months thereafter, to make proof by the oath of the person or persons who shall so employ, spend, or consume

the said fope or darch, or of his, her, or their overseer or chief

workman, before the collector or supervisor of excise of the district

or division, or either of 'them, where fope or darch, or either of them, shall be so employed, spent, and eonfumed,

(who are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer the same;,) which said oath shall specify the kinds and quantities of the manufactures so made, prepared, whitened, or finished, and the days between which and the places where the same were so made, prepared, whitened, or finished respectively, and the quantities and kinds of the fope or darch which were actually employed, spent, and eonfumed therein; and that no allowance or drawback, by virtue of this or any other act or acts of parliament, was before made to such manufacturer or manufacturers, or for his, her, or their benefit, of the duties payable for the fope or starch so specified in such oath, or any f part thereof; and that upon the making of every such oath, the Collector, out said collector of excise, out of the (honey in his hands which of the money shall have arisen for the duty upon fope, granted by an act jjf the duty made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Cn fope,

Anne, (entitled, An act for laying several duties upon all fope and granted by paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon 10 Annsc» chequered and Jlriped linens imported; and upon certain folks, collie 191 coes, linens, andfluffs, printed, painted, or flawed \ and upon several kinds of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertisements, for raising the fount of eighteen hundred thousand pounds by way of lottery, towards her Majesty's supply 5 and for licensing an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice; and for better securing her Majesty's duties to arffe in the office for theft amp duties by licences for marriages and otherwise \ for relief of per

font

o Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 77. [1783.

fons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have

lost exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock (part of the capital of the South Sea company) for the uft of and continued^public;,) and continued by an act made in the third year of by % Geo. 1. the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled,

C 7 i An act for redeeming the duties and revenues which were settled to pay off principal and inter ejl on the orders made forth on four lottery acts, passed in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majesty's reign; and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the here ditary excisey according to a former act in that behalf; and for establishing a general yearly fundy not only for the future payment of annuities at severed rates, to be payable and transferable at the bank of England and redeemable by parliament; but also to raift moneys for such proprietors of the said orders as shall choose to be paid their principal and arrears of interest in ready money; and for making gpod such other deficiencies and payments as in this act are mentioned; and for taking off the duties on linseed imported, and British linen ex shall pay to ported;,) shall, and is hereby authorised and required forthwith such manu to pay to the said manufacturer or manufacturers a drawback facturers a of the duty on fope, at the rate of three farthings for every pound at?ibpecfo°n wc, t f hard fop anci three farthings for every pound weight used; of soft fope, which shall be used and consumed in preparing and

(Exception finishing all manufactures from flax or cotton for sale, (except such fope as shall be used in whitening new linen in the piece, and out of the n order for. sale)) the said collector, out of the money in money in his his hands which shall have arisen for the duties upon starch, bands of the shall, and is hereby authorised and required to pay to the said starch'°a manufacturer or manufacturers, a drawback of the duties on drawback on starch, at the rate of one penny halfpenny for every pound all starch so weight of (larch which shall be used and.consumed in preparing used, and finishing all manufactures from flax or cotton for sale, (except

such starch as shall he used and consumed in finishing new linen in the piece for sale)) the said collector, out of the money in his hands which shall have arisen for the duties upon starch, shall and is hereby authorised and required to pay to^the said manufacturer or manufacturers threepence for every pound weight of starch which shall be used and consumed in If collector finishing new linen in the piece for sale: in case the col shall not have lector shall not then have money sufficient in his hands to satisfy money sue. such payments, that then, and in every such case; the respective be is to certify commioners of the excise in England and Scotland for the time the same to*being, upon a certificate thereof from the said collector (who is the commis hereby required to make and (ign such certificate,) shall, and fionert, are hereby authorised and required forthwith to cause such payment to be made out of any moneys arising from the duty on fope, granted by the said act made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and continued by the said act made in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and out of the duties on starch respectively, without any further delay.

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority

73-] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C

aforesaid, That the owner or chief workman employed in any maniifeetu tnanufactory of flax or cotton, in order to be intirled to the ch^fwork benefit of this act, shall produce an account from his books, man to pr Opon oath, of the fope and (larch purchased by him for the use duce an ac. of his manufactory, specifying from whom tnc fatrie was pur cut, upo* chased, the quantity actually given out to be used attd consumed for the year immediately preceding, and the amount of each ftjrch used different species of goods, either raw or manufactured, in which by him in his the said fope and starch respectively has been used and contain manufactory CD and provided that each and every manufacturer of flax or lp^r j

cotton, or his or her overseer Or chief workman, shall, and arc and *hereby obliged and directed from time to time to keep an ac aif0 a weekly Count of all such (opt and starch respecttvdy as ftull be employ account) ed, spent, and consumed in each week, in the preparing, bleaching, whitening, and bringing of flax Or cotton to a finished manufacture for tale; and shall once in every week enter in a book, to be kept for that purpose, an account of the quantity or quantities of fope and starch so employed, spent, and consumed in each week respectively, and also of the particular species of manufacture in which such fope and starch shall have been employed, spent, and consumed; which said book, so to to be probe kept by each manufacturer, or his or her overseer or chief duwa to te workman, shall at all times, when demanded by any officer ofjr excise, be produced to such officer, to be by him perused and9infpeded, the better to prevent unjust claims of the drawback by this act granted of the duties on fope and starch; and that once in every year, or at the time that the manufacturer shall apply for the drawback of the duties granted by this act, the said book shall be delivered to the collector of excise, upon the oath of the person who kept the same, and made the entries therein, of the truth of such entries, which book (halt be left and remain with such collector.

III. Provided also, That where there is*superinteridirtg wheretheriu owner, and likewise an overseet* or chief workman, each shall*six months after the expiration of the preceding year to ^0*ncy'r Which their respective claims apply, produce their accounts on seer, caxftnlt oath before the said collector of excise, who is hereby required produceaheir send empowered to adthinifter such oath; which oath shall be in accounts, on the words, or to the effect, following: the^oucfts#

Oath for the owner, or superintending agent or manager

1a. B. owner, or one of the owners, or superintending manager, of the work tarried on at under the name or firm of do solemnly sweari

That the abjirafi hereunto annexed contains a just and true account of the quantify of fope and starth respectively purchased by me for the use of the said work under my management, of the quantify delivered out to toe overseer sot consumption, end of the quantity of each different species of goods upon which the said fope end starch has been used and consumed from the day of

Vol. XXXIV Bb to

fa Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 77. [1783.

of tie day of and that to

the best of my knowledge and belief tie fold fope and Jlarch has ham charged with, and that the duty chargeable thereon has been duly paid and that neither the whole nor any part of the said duties have ham before drawn back or allowed, to the befl of my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

Oath for the overseen

I A.B. principal overseer of the work carried on at

under the name or firm of do felemnjy

swear, That the book of account which I now exhibit contains a just and true account of the quantity and quality of the fope and fiarch respectively employed, spent9 and tonfumed in each week, in the preparing, bleaching, or whitening flax or cotton, from the day of to the day of

and that the same was actually used and aeon fumed in preparing, bleaching, whitening, or finishing flax r cotton goods for faley and not for private ufle; and that neither the wbde % nor any part of the said duties, has been before drawn back or allowed9to the best of my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefjud9 Importation That the whole duties of customs, payable and chargeable by duties on any act or acts of parliament on the importation of brimstone a^iahoetre an kbpetre> anc consumed in making oil of vitriol shall con fumed in*be repaid and drawn back on the oath of the maker of such oil making oil of of vitriol at the end of the year from the date of the entry bear vitriol, to t>c in after mentioned, or within six months thereafter; and a cer repaid. tificate or debenture shall be given by the collector or comptroller of the customs of the port or district within which such brhnftone and saltpetre shall have been used and consumed in making oil of vitriol, equal to the duties and customs paid upon the importation of such brimstone and saltpetre; which debenture shall be paid by thtf respcvtive of of the customs in England and Scotland, out of the money in their hands arming from the duties on brimstone and saltpetre: provided always, That the maker of such oil of vitriol shall produce a, certificate, from the collector or comptroller of the customs where such brimstone and saltpetre was imported of the same having paid the duties charged thereon.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted by the author manufacture rity aforesaid, That no manufacturer of flax or cotton shall cn of flax and c]ajm or receive any benefit from this act, unless he shall have makers of oil cntcre(* his name and place of abode with the collector of excise of vitriol, to of the collection or district wherein such manufacturer shall cany enter their on his manufacture, at lead one year before making his chua, names and and shall, in such entry, specify the articles upon which a draw pwxoot back]

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 77. 363

back it to be claimed; and that no maker of oil of vitriol shall abode with claim the benefit of this act, upless he shall have entered his of^xdfe^nd name and place of abode with the collector of the customs of customs. the port or district within which his work shall be carried on, at lead one year before his making his claim, and shall, in such entry, specify the articles upon which a drawback is to be claimed.

VI. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That no fee, Penalty on of gjratuity, or reward whatsoever, shall be required, demanded, j*ccr*ak, nor taken, from any of the said manufacturers, or their overseers [a^ureni18"*or chief workmen, 'for making any of the payments of the said Cept 6d.'for allowances or drawbacks for fope and (larch consumed in the writing each said manufactures, or drawbacks on brimstone and saltpetre, or oath C for making or taking any of the said oaths, or granting any certificate relating thereto, except sixpence for writing every fucti oath or certificate; upon pain that any of the said officers offending therein shall, for every such offence, pay treble damages to the party aggrieved, besides costs of suit, to be recorded in such manner as any other penalties herein after mentioned.

VII. Andy for the better preventing frauds and abuses in obtaining tb allowance and payments herein before mentioned, it is hereby farther efiacted. That if any manufacturer of flax or cotton, manofaclu or Sir or her chief Workman or overseer, or superintending ma fcfrf"?an!g rikger, or any maker of oil of vitriol, shall, in the oath or oaths oat^before httfefn befofe directed to be taken, swear any matter or thing mentioned, to that shall 6e faife and untrue, with an intent to defraud his forfeit iool.

Majesty, hia heirs or successors, such person or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the Turn tone hundred pounds, to be recovered, to wit, one third part thereof to the me of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other two third parts thereof, with costs of suit, to the use of the informer or prosecutor; and if such person or persons fftatl again offend in the like kind, and be thereof duly convicted in any court of record at Westminster, or in any of the courts of Scotlondy every such person shall, for every subsequent offence, suffer such and the like pains and punishments as in cases of wilful and corrupt perjury.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any manufacturer of flax or cotton, or his or her chief workman or overseer employed in keeping the book, in which are required to be entered the weekly consumption of fope and starch respectively, shall swear any matter or thin? that shall be false and untrue, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and be thereof duly convicted in any of the courts aforesaid, such manufacturer, chief workman, or overseer, shall, for the first offence, be committed to the common gaol of the county, city, or place, where the offender shall be convicted, therein to remain for anytime not exceeding six months; and for every subsequent offence, shall suffer such and the like pains and punishments as in cases of wilful and corrupt perjury,

and for a second offence, shall suffer as in cases of corrupt perjury.

If any manufacturer, or his workman keeping the account of the weekly consumption of fope, CC shall (wear falsely, he shall be committed for 6 months;

and for a second offence, suffer as in cases of corrupt perjury.

3*5+

Cojumuance ot thu ad.

[Preamble.]

Recital of t o Geo. X e. io.

5 Geo. ». C 24.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 7$, 79.

[178$;

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue to be m force for and during the full term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. lxxvili.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the (hiking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty three § and for further appropriating the (applies granted in this Tdfoon of partia raent. -- -- 2, 100, 0001. granted out of the sinking fund.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for the further encouraging the growth of cbffee and coconuts, in his Majesty's tjlands and plantations in America.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the First, [entitled, An act for repealing certain duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa riuts, chocolate, and cocoa paste, imported; and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof; and for'prohibit* ing the importation of chocolate ready made, and cocoa paste j and for better ascertaining the duties payable upon. coffee tea, and coconuts, imported; and for granting relief to Robert Dalzell, late earl of Carnwath,) it wasamongjl other things eu acted and declared, That, in lieu of certain duties, then potable by former acts, an inland duty Should be charged and imposed upon all coffee to be sold in Great Britain, from dnd after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, after the rate of two Billings per pound avoirdupois; and in that proportion for a greater or lesser quantity, over and above*all customs, subsidies, and duties, which then remained payable to his Majesty for the same, upon the importation thereof: and whereas by an act, made in the fifth year of his late majesty King George the Second, (intituled An act for encouraging the growth of coffee in his majesty's plantations in America,) after reciting, there was great reason to believe, that the soil and climate of the island of Jamaica, and other British plantations in America, were proper for the growth of coffee; and that great quantities of that commodity might be produced in the said plantations, and from thence imported into this kingdom, if encouragement jbom be given for that purpose, to the great advantage of this kingdom, and of the said plantations \ therefore, for the encouraging the growth of coffee in the said plantations, and the importation of the same into this kingdom, it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, an coffee of the growth or product of any of the British plantations in America Should, in lieu of the said inland duties of two billing; per pound, pay an inland duty of one Shilling and sixpence, and no more, pound weight avoirdupois and in that proportion for a greater or kjfer a quantity.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79: 365

quantity, and that the persons nominated and appointed, by virtue

af the aid therein and herein first mentioned act, to manage and

coolest the aid inland duty arising thereby, Should, and were thereby

empowered to take and receive the sum of one Shilling and sixpence

per pound weight, and no more, for all coffee of the growth and

product of the British plantations: and whereas the lowering the

duty on coffee, the growth and product of the British islands and

plantations in America, would still more encourage the growth of

coffee in the aid islands and plantations, if the duty on coffee,

the growth and produce of those islands and plantations, Should be further lessened: now, therefore, be it enacted by the king's

xnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, fr?m ja!l*

from and after the fifth day of January, one thousand seven the produce of

hundred and eighty-four, all coffee, of the growth and produce the British

of any of the British islands or plantations in America, shall, in island C*

of the said inland duty of one shilling and sixpence per ^mean7n)and

pound weight, pay an inland duty, of sixpence per pound weight duty of *6

avoirdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or Jeffer quan per pound, in

tity; and the persons nominated and appointed, by virtue of Itead of n. 6d.

the said herein first mentioned atto manage and collect the '

said inland duty to arise thereby, shall, and are hereby impowered to take and receive the sum of sixpence per pound

weight, and no more, for all coffee, of the growth and produce

of the said British islands or plantations abovementioned; any

thinghn the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it ertaded. That the said duty of The said duty six pence per pound weight avoirdupois, shall be applicable to the to be appii uses and purposes contained and declared in the said acts of the ^nrion tenth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the e/in the^ft" First; and all officers employed in managing and collecting the i0geo. 1.'same, and all persons importing, selling, buying, or dealing in such coffee, shall be subject to the rules, limitations, restrictions, forfeitures, and penalties, to be prosecuted, received, and divided, in the manner thereby prescribed and directed.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A, the That all the powers, rules, regulations, authorities, directions, ns, &c.for" ipethods, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, ra, flngand rer which, in and by the said act made in the fifth year of the reign covering the of his said late majesty King George the Second, are provided, duties granted settled, or established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, regulating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties piicable to this thereby granted, shall be exercised, applied, used, and put in exe a ft. cution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, ascertaining, and paying, the said duty upon coffee, hereby imposed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, regulations authorities, directions, methods, clauses, penalties matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present acts

366 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79* [1

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That ah coffee, so to be brought from the said islands or plantations, shall be imported in such packages, and in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, restrictions, and forfeiturues, as in and by an act, made in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign (intituled An act for the better ft curing, and further improvement of the revenues of customs, excise, inland and salt duties 5 end

ufal

Coffee import ed from the said islands, C to be in such packages, and under such regulations, as mentioned in aft 5 Geo. 3. c. 43.

for encouraging the linen manufacture of the Isle of Man need

Recital of at Geo. 3. 55*

for allowing the importation of several goods, the produce and nufatlure of the said island, under certain rejlrifiions and regulate mu,) are provided and required.

V. And whereas by an act, made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on make; and for rectifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise imposed by the said act,) it was enacted, That there fianu be Qnfwered and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, far ad upon all coconuts then already, or which Should thereafter be imported into this kingdom, over and above all other duties then already payable for the same at the custom house, an inland duty after the rate of eighteen pence each pound weight avoirdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or lesser quantity, subject to the additional impejl of five pounds per centum, and of five pounds per centum, in the same manner, and under the same regulations, as the addition nalduty of five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, are granted to his Majesty by two several acts, the one made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, (intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective of of the customs and excise in Great Britain) and and si Geo. 3. ot^er maen twenty-first year of his present Majesty $ reign,

C 17;(entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty

upon the produce of several duties under the management of the respective of of exciser in Great Britain:,) and whereas the present high duty upon coconuts may operate to the Sf couragement of the planters: now, for encouraging the growth of coconuts in the said islands and plantations, and the importation of the same into this kingdom, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of January, all coconuts of the growth and produce of any of that British islands or plantations in America, shall, in lieu of the bdtith^flandi e*ghteci* pence each pound weight avoirdupois,

9 chargeable by the said act, pay am inland duty of sixpence per

1 pound

19 Geo. 3. C S

From Jan. 5. 1784. coconuts, the produce of the

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79. 367

pound weight avoirdupois, and no more, for each pound weight C in ame avoirdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or Jester quan f^and°du^v o? tity; and the persons nominated by virtue of the said recited act of the twenty first year of his present Majesty, to manage and pound, infteid collect the said duty of eighteen pence per pound weight avoir of is. 6d. dupois, shall, and are hereby empowered to take and receive the sum of sixpence per pound weight avoirdupois, and no more, for all coconuts of the growth and produce of the British islands and plantations abovementioned; anything in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said duty The said duty of sixpence per pound weight avoirdupois shall be applicable to* applicv4 the uses and purposes contained and declared in the said act of *ii^8ec0il. the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty; all tained in the officers employed in managing and cplleding the same, 'and all ad of axe persons importing, selling, buying, or dealing in, such cocoa Gco* J nuts, shall be subject to the rules, limitations, restrictions, forfeitures, and penalties, to be prosecuted, received, and divided, in the manner thereby prescribed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. From Jan. 5. That, from and after the said fifth day of January, no cocoa cobnuts to be nuts shall be suffered to be put on board any ship or vessel in put on board any of his majesty's islands or plantations in America, until the any vessel in planter or grower of such coconuts, or his known agent, shall Jbe British make oath or affirmation in writing, before two of his Ma Am'a^unfil jesty's justices of the peace, in or near to the place where the said ^plamer coconuts grew, (which oath or affirmation such justices are thereof, C hereby empowered to administer)) the same is actually of hasmadeoath the growth and produce of such planter's or grower's planta j{jat

tien, lying in the district, divisidn, or parish of within ohntoim

the island or colony of; which oath or affirmation plantation.

(Rail be produced to the collector, comptroller, and naval offi Suc oath to cer, or any of them, by the person or persons who shall enter be produced or ship such coconuts, before the entry and shipping thereof to the proper for Great Britain; and such person or persons shall like wise make oath or affirmation before the said officers, or any two of^anthem. That the coconuts then to be shipped are the very other oath to same coconuts, dhd no other than what are mentioned in such be taken, oath or affirmation of the planter or grower, or his known agent, as aforesaid; oath or affirmation the collector and comptroller of the customs, and naval officer, at the port where the said coconuts are to be loacted, or any two of them, are empowered to administer; and the said collector and comptroller, and naval officer, are hereby required to deliver a certificate of such affidavit or affirmation, under their respective hands and seals, to the commander or master of such ship or vessel on board of which the said coconuts are to be shipped; and the master, or person having command of such ship or vessel, shall, before clearing his ship or vessel, also make oath Master of the in like manner, that he has received such coconuts on board vessel also to his ship or vessel, and that he has no more or other coconuts be sworn,

JB b 4* i on

' vjoo^ 1c

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79.

[17$

qn board his ship or vessel than such for which proofs shall' bp made as aforesaid, and that he will not take or receive any more coconuts on board before his arrival in Great Britem, and making a report of his lading the re; for which affidavit or affirmation and certificate, the said collector and comptroller, or naval officer, shall receive, as a fee or reward, the such of Certificates of five Shillings, and no more; and all certificates of such affida such affida yits qr affiriqatioqs shall, by the commander or piafter of such

V "l°h? ship or vessel importing such coconuts into this kingdom, be

the pioper^ produced by such matter, or person having command of the offioerrt\s ship or vessel, to the collector and comptroller of the customs port of import the port where such ship shall unlade, at the time of making Muog, his report 5 and shall at the same time deliver to such coliedor gnd comptroller a certificate, under the hands and seals of the collector and comptroller of the customs, and nav?l officer, of the port or place where such coconuts shall have been shipped, or any two of them, testifying the particular quantities of fetch coconuts which shall be so laden, and of Vrhich such proofs shall be made as aforesaid, specifying the package or packages in which the same i contained, with the particular marks, pumbers, and weights of each package; and the said matter shall likewise make oath, or, if he be one of the people called Quakers solemniy affirm before them, that the coconuts in the said certificate or certificates mentioned were truly taken on bojud, as in the said certificate or certificates is expressed; and that after his departure from the place or places where such coconuts, mentioned in such certificate or certificates, were laden, he did not take on board, or permit to be laden on board his said ship or vessel, either at sea or elsewhere, any parcel or parcels of copoa nuts, and that all the coconuts on board his said ship are mentioned and set forth in the said cer qpon entry of tificate or certificates j and, upon the entry of such coconuts such nuts at at the cqftom house, and paying or securing the several duties the curtom then due thereon, a mark mall be seton every pareel, denoting parcel shall be to conla*n coconuts of the growth of the British plantatn marked, to ons, and where and by what ship imported; and thereupon denote they such parcel and parcels of coconuts, so marked, shall he lodged a ctkegr?w*11 in a warehouse or warehouses, pursuant to the directions of plantations ain the tenth year of the reign of his hte

fa9majesty King George the First; and the importer or proprietor of any parcel or parcels of coconuts, or any other person who shall be employed by such importer or proprietor to make an entry with the receiver or collector of the said inland duty, shall deliver to the said receiver or collector the said certificate or certificates of the affidavit or affirmation of the growth of the said coconuts in the British plantations, made before the collector and comptroller of the customs, and naval officer, together \vith the said oath or affirmation made, as aforesaid, by the tnafter of such ship or vessel at he port where fuefi coconuts were taken on hoard, together with the oath or affirmation, or a copy thereof, made by the planter or grower before two of

3*9

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79.

his majesty's justices of the peace there, in the manner before directed; as also the said certificate of the package, marks, and numbers of the coconuts, so laden on board; which said certificate or certificates, oath or affirmation, shall remain with the said collector or receiver of the said inland duty.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no commander, or other person having charge of any ship fomm^ndt or vessel, shall take in, or permit to suffer to be taken in, at any whoftiail take of his majesty's said islands or plantations in America, or at sea, onboard, or or in any creek, harbour, or other place in America, or shall land, in Ame. land, or suffer or permit to be landed, out of any ship or vessel riel C

in any of the said islands or plantations, any coconuts of the ££2^ growth or produce of any foreign country, (except such coconuts growth, as shall be regularly exported from Great Britain,) on pain of exception.) forfeiting all such coconuts, and the sum of two hundred pounds, and likewise shall suffer twelve months imprisonment; such forfeiture to be sued for, recovered, and adjudged, in any court of record in any of his majesty's dominions in Europe, or in any of |iis majesty's islands pr plantations; and what shall be reco Application yered in pursuance of this act, in any court of record in any of penalties, his majesty's dominions in Europe, shall be paid, one moiety td his Majesty, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same; and what shall be recovered in the said islands or plantations, hall be divided, one third to his Majesty, one third to the governor or commander in chief, and the other third to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Persons wear person shall falsely make any oath or affirmation, by this all di ing falsely

relied to be made, and thereof shall be legally convicted in any uo^er* "*» of his majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, or in any of the courts of admiralty in any of the said plantations where such offence was committed, such person or persons, so guilty,

Dial] forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and be imprisoned or forging a for the space of twelve months; and if any person shall forge or certificate, Accounterfeit a certificate of the said oath or affirmation, or shall publish such certificate, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, and shall be legally convicted thereof in any of the courts aforesaid, such person shall forfeit the sum of two hun r set dred pounds; and such forfeiture shall be paid, one moiety to aool. his Majesty, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same, to be recovered and divided as is before directed and appointed. The duties

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That by this act the several duties by this act imposed on coffee and coconuts, imposed on the growth and produce of British islands and plantations, shall be subject and liable to additional duties or imposts of five be liable to pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per the additional centum, fevqrally imposed by the acts respectively made in the 5 P «"*» twenty first, and twenty second years of the reign of his present Majesty; u^on the produce and amount thereof*19l % lf and

and % % Geo. y

370 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. So.

[1783.

and that such additional duties or imports of five pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner, and under the same rules and regulations, powers and authofri ties, ways, means, and methods, as the said additional duties or imports are by the said acts of the nineteenth, twenty first, and twenty second years of his present majesty's reign, directed to be collected and paid.

Limitation of

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, actions. That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any matter or thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county \ and the defendant or defendants in such General issue. action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by authority of this act; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or Treble cofti. defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for appointing of to inquire into tie Losses andfer vices of all fnth persons who have suffered in their rights, proper ties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissentions in America, in consequenct of their loyalty to his majesty, and attachment to the British government.

THERE AS, during the late unhappy dissentions in Ame preamble* TK*9 man f j*ur Majesty's faithful subjects have, in consequence of their loyalty to your Majesty, and attachment to the British government, end their obedience to your Majesty's proclamation, and various other proclamations and manifestoes, issued by your Majesty's of, generals, and governors, fuffired in their rights, properties, and prosessions, insomuch that several well deserving persons are reduced from affluence to circumstances so Jlraitentd as to require the aid of a temporary support, which has been allotted to them by the of of the treasury, by annual allowances made, and occasional assistance by films of money given to them from the revenues of your Majesty's civil list, the amount of which has hitherto been made goodbye parliament; and your faithful commons not doubting but that your Majesty's mofi earnejl endeavours will be Employed for procuring from the united ftaus of America restitution of or recompense for the estates and tffe&s of theft who have thus unhappily suffered, and intending to give all due aid and affljlance to those who may return to America for the recovery

37*

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. co.

tf their formtr pofftffimtender the pro and

extend such relief to others who may, by particular circum/lanets, be

deprived of that advantage, as their respective may require, and the publish afford, tt which end, tt is that a diligent

and impartial inquiry should be made into the Losses and services of all ftuh per tonnes as may, within the time hernn after limited for that purpose, claim or rtquest 'fitchaid or relief as is hereby intended to be given: We pray your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lortty spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That John Hfilmot esquire, Daniel Parker Commission coke esquire, colonel Robert Kingston, colonel Thames Dundas, r appointed and John aaarsh esquire, shall be, and they are hereby consti rated of for inquiring into the respective lodes and and fa r ices of services of all such person and persons who have differed in the American' their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy loyalist. dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British Government.

II. And be it further enacted, That anythree of commission in this a named, before they enter upon the execution of the era to be lame, shall take an oath before the matter of the rolls for the time being, or one of his majesty's justices of the court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or barons of the Exchequer, (which they, or either of them, are hereby authorised and required to administer)) the form following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That, according to the skill and The oath.

knowledge, I will faithfuvy, impartially, and truly execute

the several powers and trufis vejled in me by an act, (entitled.

An act for appointing of to inquire into the lodes and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government,) according to the tenor and purport tf the said act.

And every other of the said Commissioners in this act named,

shall likewise take the same oath, before the (hid three commissioners, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said oath as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be commission lawful to and for the said of, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, empowered, and re JJJ, quired, to examine, upon oath, (which oath they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer)) persons whom the said of, or atty three or more of them, shall think fit to examine touching all such matters and things as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers vested in the said commissionersby this a; and all such per

n \ f°n»

37*

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 80. c1

Tonnes are hereby directed and required punctually to attead the said coauniltioners at such time or place as they, or any three or more of them, shall appoint.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Gad of, or any three or more of them, are hereby autho*

the office of fixed to meet and lit, from time to time, at the office of the late the late fecre secretary of Hate for the Am department, with or without tary for Ame adjournment, and to send their precept or precepts, under their hands and seals, for any person or persons whatsoever, and fix Their powers. f^ch books, papers, writings, or records, as they shall judge rac ceflary for their information in the execution of the powers vested in the said of by this act; and the Cud cotn missioner, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to appoint and employ such clerks, messengers, and officers, as they shall think meet; which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the trull in them Severally and respectively reposed, without taking anything for such their service, other than such salary or reward as the said of, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint in that behalf.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear tq the said of that any person shall have delivered to them an account or claim beyond the real lost, with an intent to obtain more than a just compensation, the said of shall, with all convenient dispatch, report such account or claim, with the evidence taken thereupon, to the of of his majesty's treasury, who are hereby authorised to make such further enqqiry upon the case as they (hal think proper; and if they, or any three of them, shall be of opinion that such amount or claim is fraudulent, then such person shall be absolutely excluded from any compensation or provision whatsoever.

Person will

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fully giving That in case any person or persons, upon examination upon talle evidence, oath before the said of respectively, as before men to tioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give falie evidence, every of corruptuch person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, perjury. shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as, by any law now in being, persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no claim or request of any person or persons for aid or relief on account of the loss of any property during the late dissensions in America, shall be received after the twenty-fifth day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four.

VIII. And be it further enacted, Thqt the said commission their proceeders shall, from time to time, at their discretion, or as often as treasur th*nd tf*ey shall be thereunto required, and as soon as possible t«tthe were after the determination of their examinations and proceedings tarie of state. by virtqe of this act, without any further requisition, give aoafr

n. count

Per (baa who

deliver i fraudulent claims, to be excluded from any compen non

Limitation of the time for receiving claiins.

Commissioners to give an account of

37}

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. fc r, 82.

count of their proceedings, in writing, to the lords commissioners of his majesty's treasury, and to his majesty's principal secretaries of date for the time being.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the lords of Treasury to of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, are pay ft|ooooi. hereby authorised and required to iflfue and cause to be paid all to the order such lums of money, not exceeding two thousand pounds, to f com facb person or personas the said of, or any three

or more of them, shall, by writing under their hands, desire or direct, out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his majesty's exchequer; which sum so issued and paid^ be employed for the payment of clerks, messengfers, and ed in paying other officers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or clerks, mef about the execution of the powers of this act, and in such man f<n, eri iter and in such proportions, as shall be appointed by the said of, or any three or more of them, by writing under their hands and seals in that behalf; the same to be accounted for, by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according to the course of his majesty's exchequer without any fee or other charges to be taken on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said commission era, or any three or more of them, shall appoint.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, In call of ta that in casebf a vacancy or vacancies, by death or resignation cancy, by

of anyone or more of the said of, during the recess death, Scc. of of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to no er^tngthe minate and appoint such person or persons as he may think pro re£cft of par per to supply such vacancy or vacancies; ^hd that every person liament, his so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be Majesty may inverted with all the same powers as are delegated to the of appointed by this act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this a A shall continue Continuance in force for two years from the passing of this act and no of this act longer

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for preventing the exportation of corn, grain, or meal, with a bounty, daring the operation of two aas passed in this present session of parliament for allowing the importation of corn.

Recital of cap. i. of the present session. No bounty to be paid on exportation of corn from England, befote Aug.6, 1783; nor from Scotland, before Sept.6, 1783. Recital of C 53, of the present session. No bounty to be paid on exportation of corn from certain comities in Scotland, during the allowance of importation by the King and council.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for establishing certain regulations in the receipt of bit ma jejifs exchequer.

WHEREAS it appears, from the reports made by the tom preamye> mijfontrs appointed tt examine, take and fate the public

374

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82, [1783.

accounts of the kingdom that in tbi receipt of his Majesty's exchequer there are several useless, expensive and unnecessary offices 5 and that the emoluments artfing from other of the offices in the said re tetpt of ixchequer, are become excessive\ and that the mode of peering the officers by allowances, sees and gratuities, is inconvenient both to the pubic and to individuals: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by (he King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several offices of the two chamberlains, the tally cotter, and of the uther of the exchequer, shall, from and after the death, (offender, forfeiture, or removal, of the prefect possessors of such offices respeairdy, and after the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the persons respectively entitled thereto, after the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the prefect possessors, be abolished.

II. And be it enacted, That, upon the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the two chamberlains in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, instead of the tally now in use to denote the receipt of money at the said receipt, there shalt be

to bp abioiifh substituted an indented cheque receipt of each futn so received;

which receipt shall be made out by the officer of the auditor attending in the tally court, signed by him, and by the officer of the clerk of the pells; and upon passing any account of money received, the receipt shall be produced, together with the account, and examined with the counterfoil of the cheque in the office of the auditor; and the account shall be compared with the entry in the office of the auditor, and with the record

The offices of the two' chjunber lainv, tally cutter, and usher of the exchequer, after the death, See. of the present pofldtors, and those entitled after them.

Upon the death, CC of the chamberlains, an indented cheque receipt to be

stead of the tally nqw used, C

Upon the death. See

a t*lc CC f the clerk of the pells, and the truth of the account shall be certified by the officers checking the same; and the custody of one of the keys to the tellers chests, the standard weights and measures, and the fiandard pieces of gold and hiver, shall be committed to the auditor of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer; any former usage or custom to the cod trary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted, That, upoir the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the uber of the exchequer, and up of the present on the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the per jjflier, f son entitled to the said office, after the death, surrender, for suchnecefary ^citurc? or removal, of the present possessor of the said office, articles^the chief or presiding officer, in each respective office in the which have said receipt of exchequer, shall supply his office with all such been provided necessary articles as have been heretofore provided by the u(ber ffialfbe sup the rccc*pt 5 an such chief or presiding officer shall be allowed such annual sum of money, for and in lieu of all such oeceflary articles, so heretofore provided by the usher of the said receipt, as shall be appointed tty the of of his Ma

hall be supplied by the presiding officer in each office.

jefls treasury.

Act th d - X T And be it enacted, That, from and after the detenni terminafan'of nat*on f the interest of each of the four tellers in the receipt the interest of of his majesty's exchequer, the office of second clerk to each u % respective

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. 375

respective teller shall be, and the same is hereby aboihhed; and the teliers, the proportion of fees, now belonging to such second clerks, he ce °£ Hull be carried so, and made part of the moneys herein after abouih directed to be reserved for the purposes in this act mentioned, ed.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the death, for After the render, forfeiture, or removal, of the present auditor, of the pre death. cof font clerk of the pells, of any or either of the four teliers, or two the present chamberlains of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, the clerk of the payment of all salaries, sees, allowances, perquigtes, gratui y C ties, and emoluments, to the said several officers in the receipt the payment of the exchequer, shall cease and be discontinued; and that gratuities, in lieu and instead thereof, there shall be paid to the auditor (officers the sum of four thousand pounds per annum; to the chief clerk shall cease. erf the auditor, one thousand pounds per annum, to the clerk Certain sums of the pells, three thousand pounds per annum; to the first clerk to be paid to the clerk of the pells, eight hundred pounds per annum; to tj*em the firs clerk to the clerk of the pells, as, receiver of the money thereof arising from, the fees herein after directed to be received, two hundred pounds per annum; to each of the four teliers, two thousand seven hundred pounds per annum; to each of the first clerks to the said four teliers, one thousand pounds per annum: and the said auditor, clerk of the pells, and four tellers respectively, are hereby empowered to appoint such other clerk and officers, to assist in their respective offices, as they shall judge necessary 5 and such clerks and other officers shall be paid such Jalarie* out of the fees herein after directed to be received for their trouble and attendance in the office aforesaid, as to the said auditor, clerk of the pells, and four tellers respectivejy,

shall appear fit and proper; subject, nevertheless, to the con troul and approbation of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being; which shall be accepted by them in lieu of all fees, allowances, gratuities, and emoluments, heretofore paid to or received by them; and such salaries as afore After which laid shall be paid and payable out of the fees herein after di offices re rested to be received; and if any of the officers aforesaid (ex))

the person or persons herein after directed to receive such soil forfcfc fees) (hs^il receive, or demand any fees, allowances, gratuities, their offices qr emoluments, every such officer so offending, shall be adjudged tp have forfeited his office, and his office is hereby declared to be forfeited accordingly; and being convicted thereof in due form of law, shall moreover be subject and liable to the penalties inflicted by law for extortion

VI. And be it enacted, That upon the death, surrender, On death, see. forfeiture, or removal, of any or either of the four tellers or of teliers, or two chamberlains of the said receipt of exchequer, the pro ho^their^r* portion of fees belonging to the respective officer so dying, fur portion or" rendering, forfeiting, or being removed, shall be carried to fees shalt be and made part of the moneys arising from the fees herein after disposed of directed to be reserved for the payment of the several sums di jrcrfted to be paid by this act; and the officer who shall fuoceed to the respective office, so vacant by death, surrender, forfeiture.

37

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. [ 783.'

Clauife relative to the tally cotter and hit demure,

or removal as aforesaid, his respective deputy and clerks, shall be paid their respective fabrics, herein before directed to be allowed to them respectively, out of such moneys so directed to be reserved as aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That in case of the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the tally cutter, before the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the two chamberlains, the said office of tally cutter shall be discontinued, and the duty of such office shall be executed by the deputy of such tally cutter, who shall be paid his salary or allowance out of the moneys so reserved as aforesaid, and the fees and gratuities now paid to and received by the tally cutter shall be carried to anil made part of the moneys arising from the fees herein after directed to be reserved for the payment of the several Aims directed to be paid by this act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all taxes, to which the officers aforesaid are now subject, shall be paid out of the moneys arising by the fees herein after directed to be received.

IX. And be it enacted, That, the same sees and gratuities that are now allowed and taken by the several and respective officers aforesaid, shall (till continue to be paid and received by the first clerk to the clerk of the pells, who is hereby authorise] and appointed to receive the same, or, in his absence, by the next senior clerk in the pell office, who shall give such security for duly accounting for the same, as shall be approved of by the of of his majesty's treasury for the time being; and a particular and distinct account shall be kept thereof, and shall be accounted for to the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, who are hereby required

iwi how to

be paid.

Fees to whom to be paid;

applied.

Houses appropriated for the oft of the auditor and other officers, shall, after their deaths, C be vested in his Maju

ro direct the surplus, if any shall remain after the payment of the respective sums herein before directed to be paid. to be carried to the account of the moneys applicable to the uses of his majesty's civil government, and to the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, in the proportions following; that is to say, one third part thereof to the account of the moneys applicable to the uses of his majesty's civil government, and the remaining two third parts thereof to the said sinking fund; but in case the fees, herein before directed to be reserved for paying the several Turns directed by this act to be paid thereout, shall not be sufficient to answer and pay the same then, and in that case, the same shall be paid and payable out of the moneys applicable to the uses of his majesty's civil government, and out of such of the moneys of the said sinking fund as are not directed to be applied by any act or acts of parliament, in the proportions herein before mentioned.

X. And be it enacted, That the houses at present appropriated for the use of the auditor, the four teliers, and of thenfher of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, shall after the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the present officers, or any or either of them, be no longer annexed to their respective on ficcs, but shall be vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83.' 377

XI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of No office in this at, it shall not be lawful to grant any office in the receipt j*1ext fiequer of his Majesty's exchequer, either in possession or reversion, c°nt*ary* in any other manner than subject to the directions of this act. this aftf

Cap. lxxxiii

An act sot granting relief to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by allowing further time for the payment of certain sums due, and to become due to the public, and by advancing to the said t company, opt the terms therein mentioned, a certain sunt of money to be raised by loans or exchequer bills; and to Enable the said company to make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the proprietors at Christmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and to regulate the future payment of debentures of drawbacks on east-india goods i

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England Preamble trading to the East Indies, Jland indebted to his Majesty, for customs on goods imported, in sundry sums of money, amounting together to the sum offix hundred forty four thousand seven hundred forty-three pounds, seventeert Billings, ahdmvo pence, after making certain deductions and allowances, to which by lav) the said company are intituled, on due payment of the said customs on or before the respective days on which the same become due $ which said customs became due at the several and respective times herein after mentioned; (that is to say), the sum of one hundred sixty three thousand Recital of the three hundred sixty seven pounds, twelve billings, and fourpence, fa* due part thereof, on the first day of December, one thousand seven hunhc dred and eighty one; the sum of one hundred ninety one thousand ht^majesty*, eight hundred sixty eight pounds, four billings, and eight pence, other part thereof, on the twenty-third day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the sum of fifteen thousand nine hundred thirty-one pounds, and seventeen billings, other part thereof, on the twenty fetond day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two; the sum of two thousand one hundred and fifty pounds, four billings, and even pence, other part thereof, on the twenty-third day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the sum of twenty-three thousand one hundred forty eight pounds, four Billings, and saur pence, other part thereof, on the twentysixth day February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two; the sum of forty-two thousand one hundred and five pounds, £x/hillings, and ten pence, other part thereof, on the twentieth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and the sum of two hundred and six thousand one hundred seventy two pounds, seven Billings, and five pence, residue thereof, on the first day of June, one thousand seven Imndred and eighty-three: and whereas the said united company will become further indebted to his Majesty for Other customs on goods, before the tenth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty three in further

you XXXIV C C

378 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. [1783.

of money, to the amount of two hundred and seventy thousand pounds, or thereabouts: and whereas, by means of the said customs, already due and hereafter to become duey not being paid at the respective times the same became due orjball become duey as aforesaid, the said company y besides losing the benefit of the said deductions and allow ancesy are and will be liable so pay inter efi for the same, at and after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum: and whereas, by an act made in the twenty fir(i year of the reign of his present Recital of Majesty, (intituled An act for establishing an agreement with1 Geo. III. the united company of merchants of England trading to the cap East Indies, for the payment of the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for the use of the public, in full discharge and satisfaction of all claims and demands of the public from the time the bond debt of the said company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, until the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies 5 and also for securing to the public in respect thereof, for a term therein mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear revenues and profits of the said company; and for granting to the said company, for a further term, the foie and exclusive trade to and from the East Indies, and limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the said company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the military forces of the said company it was amongst other things enacted, That the sum of four hundred thousand pounds Jbouldy by the said united company, be paid into the receipt of his Majestfs ex chequery at the times and in the proportions therein mentioned the lost*of which payments was of the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, and

was to have been made on the first day December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one for the use of the publicity as therein is mentioned; and in case the said united company Should make failure in any of the said payments, on or before the days therein mentioned, then the money whereof such failure in payment Should be made, Should bo recovered to his Majesty's use by such action or suit as therein is mentioned; and upon such action or suit there Should be further recovered to his majesty's use, against the said united company, damages after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annum, for the re speftivt moneys Jo unpaid contrary to the said act, together with full softs of suit: and it was thereby further enacted, Thaty from and after the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, for and during so long time as the said united company, under the authority of that act, Should be in tit led to the whole, foie, and exclusive trade and traffick in, to, and from the East Indies, and places aforesaid, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and, oxpences attending the same, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payment of inter efi, and other outgoings, charges, and expenses of the said 'company, Should from time to time be disposed of and applied in manner

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83.

ner therein and herein after mentioned; (that is to say), it Should be lawful for the said united company to Jet apart and retain, in the first place, in each and every year, such sum as Should be equal to eight pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital stock of the said united company of three millions two hundred thousand pounds; and in case there Should remain a fur plus of the said clear revenues and profits, above the said sum of eight pounds per centum per annum, so to be retained by the said united company as aforesaid, three fourth parts of such surplus profits Should be set opart and applied for the use of the publitk, and the remaining one fourth part thereof fiouli be reserved and retained by the said united company for their own use: and it was thereby further enacted, That it Should be lawful for the said united company to apply such money as they were therein before authorised to retain to themselves, and also other money in the said act mentioned, in the payment of dividends to the proprietors of the fiofk of the said united company, not exceeding the rate of twelve pounds and ten billings per centum per annum, provided the bond debt of the said united company did not at any such time exceed one million five hundred thousand pounds; and provided that they did not increase the present dividend of eight pounds per centum per annum more than at the rate of one pound per centum in each and every year; and, in order to ascertain the yearly net profits arising from the said united company's trade and revenues, it was further enabled. That the said united company Should cause to be made up yearly, for each and every year, during the term therein mentioned, with as much accuracy as the nature of the case would admit, a fiatement of the profit and loss upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said united company, together with a state of the debts of the said united company in England, from thefirfi day March in every year, to the first day of March in each succeeding year which said account was to be signed and delivered to the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, as therein is mentioned: and whereas a fiatement hath been duly made up of the profit and loss upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said united company from the first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, to the first day of March, one thousand feveil hunirtd and eighty-three; whereby it appears, that the net profits of the said united company in that year did not amount to so much as a dividend upon the stock of the said united company at the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, by the sum of two hundred fifty five thousand eight hundred and thirteen pounds: and whereas the payment of the said sum of six hundred forty-four thousand seven hundred forty-three pounds, /eventeen Billings and twopence, which became due for customs at such several limes as heretn before are mentioned, and of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, which became due on the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eight one, bath been postponed, and further time allowed for the payment thereof until the tenth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, by the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, pursuant to power to them for that purpose given in and by an act made in

C C % this

380 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. [1783.

Recital of tjjfo present session of parliament, (entitled, An act to discharge the present an indemnify the united company of merchants of England leflion. trading to the East Indies, from all damages, interest, and Losses, in respect to their not making regular payment of certain sums due, and to become due, to the public, and to allow further time for such payment; and to enable the company to borrow a certain sum of money; and to make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the proprietors at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three); and by the same abt, in order to give a temporary relief to the said united company, in respetf to their commercial debts, it was enabled, That it Should be lawful for the said united company to borrow money upon, and issue bonds under their common seal, as the affairs of the said company might require, not exceeding the sum of five hundred thousand pounds beyond the amount of the company's then present bond debt: and whereas the issuing of such bonds tts aforesaid will increase the said company's bond debt beyond the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds: and whereas, by means of the expenses of the wars and boflilities in India and in Europe, the said company is become much difireffed in their affairs at home: upon confederation whereof t it is found necessary to grant further relief to the said company, by allowing further time for the payment of the said debts, due and to become due to his Majesty, and by lending the said company a further sum of money, as herein after mentioned; and it is fit and expedient that the said company Should be allowed to conlinne their pre' Jent dividend at Christmas next, at the rate of eight pounds per

centum per annum; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present commufion parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ers of the it shall and may be lawful to and for the of of his trowerevto" Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of auowthe10 them, to postpone and allow further time for the payment of company fur the said sum of six hundred forty-four thousand seven hundred there time for forty-three pounds, seventeen Shillings, and twopence, which the fient became due for customs at such several times as herein before

and^become arc mentioned, and of the said sum of one hundred thousand

due, to his pounds, which became due on the first day of December, one

Majesty, thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and to allow time for

payment of such sums as shall become due for customs before the tenth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or any part or parts of the said several sums respectively, unto such time or times as they shall think 6t, not exceeding forty days next after the commencement of the next session of parliament; and if the said united company do and shall pay the said sums respectively, at such time or times to which the said payments, or any part thereof respectively, shall be postponed as aforesaid, the same shall be accepted and received in like manner as if the said sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective days on which the said

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. 381

said sums became due; and the said united company, upon such payment at such postponed time or times, shall be freed and discharged from all damages, interest, and Losses, which they became liable to by means of not having made the said payments respectively at the several times on which the same became due; and shall be entitled unto, and have the same discounts, allowances, and advantages, as if the said sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective days on which they became due; anything in the said recited acts, or any other act or acts of parliament, in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Andy in order to give further relief to the send united com fanj in respect to their debts, and the better to enable them to pay the same, we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and Commissioners be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall ?f the treasury and may be lawful to and for the of of his majesty's j^a^w/xchc ° treasury now and for the time being, or any three or more of quc^bifls to" them, or for the high treasurer for the time being, and he and the amount they respectively are of is hereby authorised and empowered, of 300, 0001.$ at any time or times before the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, by his or their warrant or warrants, to direct, or cause to be prepared and made, at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, any number of exchequer bills, for such Sum or sums of money as he or they shall think most proper and convenient, so as all the principal sums to be contained in the bills so to be made forth by virtue of this act, do not exceed in the whole the Sum of three hundred thousand pounds, (exclusive of any exchequer bills that are or may be made forth by virtue of any other act or acts passed in this session of parliament, for the public service); to bear an in and the said exchequer bills, so to be made forth in pursuance percent, of this act, shall bear an intered not exceeding the rate of per annum,four pounds and fifteen Shillings per centum per annum, and pro portionably for any greater or less sum to be contained therein,

1 to be payable to the bearers thereof respectively; which said exchequer bills shall be made out in the like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and directions, as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty three), are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills authorised to be made forth in The bills to pursuance of the said act; and the of of his Ma be delivered jesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or to the court more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are directors, or is hereby authorised and empowered to direct the said ex C chequer bills to be delivered to or to the order of the court of directors of the said united company, to be by them passed away and negotiated for the purpose of raising money to pay

gc^edbyx

In the land tax act of this session,

ball be applied to the

bi'ls to be made in pursuance of this act.

Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again In payment of any taxes.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. [1785.

the debts, and to answer other the occasions and affairs of the said company.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. All the That all and every the dauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, reut^lroex vantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained chequer bills, " n kft mentioned act, relating to the exchequer bills

authorised to be made out by the same ad, (except such clauses

as do charge the same on the duties granted by the same a, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid (except, C for the forbearance of the money lent on the credit of the fid ad, and also except as herein after is mentioned), shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made forth in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said Teveral clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills, to be made out by virtue of this act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued ?t the receipt of the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the sixth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, received, or pass or be current to any receiver or collector in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his neirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, othersvife or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such oills, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment before the said sixth day of April nor shall any receiver or collector exchange, at any time before the said sixth day of April, for any money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money, before the said sixth day of April; anything in the said act, made in this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or in this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such exchequer bills, together with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by and out of the moneys to be paid

nor exchanged before April 6, 1786.

Action not to lie for suchrefufa).

Money (b raised to he repaid out of the moneys to be paid into

the exchequer into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, by the united com by the East nonv

India company

pany of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in the manner and at the times herein after directed and appointed;

i and

1785.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83, 3s3

and in case such moneys, so to be paid into the receipt of the and if aiffi exchequer, shall not be sufficient to' satisfy and discharge all j*the principal moneys contained in such exchequer bills, toge paid before gether with all the interest, premium, rate, and charges, in April 6, 1786, cident to and attending the same, and that shall incur and grow due thereupon before the said sixth day of April, then, and in to be charged such case, the said exchequer bills, or such part thereof as shall on the i^ext remain unsatisfied and uncancelled, together with all the in parliamentary terest due and to grow due thereupon, and all other charges*and expenses incurred, or to be incurred, in respect of the same exchequer bills, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the first aids or supplies that shall or may " j be granted by parliament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and in case sufficient aids and cqi\^ or supplies for that purposefbafl not be granted before the fifth raijy on the day of July one thpuland seven hundred and eighty six, then sinking fund, all the said exchequer bills, together with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same,

shall be, and ixt hereby charged and chargeable upon such moneys as, at dny time or times at or before the said fifth day of Jufyj shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund,

(except such moneys of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf); and such moneys of the said sinking fund shall and may be ifiiied and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such exchequer bills so remaining uncancelled and unpaid, together with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall be so issued out of the Moneys fois said surplusses, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues (bed out of the composing the said sinking fund, shall, from time to time,

replaced by and out of the first aids or supplies to be then after qut of the first granted in parliament. supplies.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and com Bank author pany of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty, rized to ad at the receipt of the exchequer or to the salt) united company, vance the said upon the credit of the exchequer bills directed to be made forth cross this by virtue of this act, any sum or sums of money, not exceed a ing in the whole the sum of three hundred thousand pounds;

anything in an act, made in the fifth and sixth years of the gul&mari* reign of king William and queen Mary, intituled An act for notwithstand granting to their Majesties fiveral rata and duties upon tonnage of ing.

ships and vessels, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for securing certain recommences and advantages in the said act mentioned to such

C 0, perfm

384 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83'.

[1783.

persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas, in the present circumstances of the East

X India company, it will not be in their power to provide for the payment of the said debts due to his Majesty, or for the repayment of such loan as aforesaid, and for again reducing their bond debt to one million five hundred thousand pounds, (which is expedient to be done), unless the public Should agree to forego for the present, all participation in the profits arising from the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, in order that provifkn may be made for such payments as aforesaid; be it therefore further How the pro enacted by the authority aforesaid, That until the said debts fits arising due l0 h; Majesty shall be paid, the said sum of three hundred ritorial acmri thousand pounds repaid, and the bond debt of the said com fitions, and Pany be again reduced to one million five hundred thousand the trade of pounds, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial ompany, acquisitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and expences attending the same, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payments of interest, and other outgoings, charges, and expences, of the said company, and for such dividends to the proprietors of the stock of the said company as they shall be entitled or allowed to make, receive, and take, shall from time to time be disposed of and applied in manner following; that to say. In the first place, in diminution and payment of the said debts due to his Majesty, until the same shall be fully paid; and afterwards in diminution and payment of the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds, and interest, and for defraying the charges incurred in respect thereof; and then in reducing the bond debt of the said company until the same shall be reduped to one million five hundred thousand pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after the said debts due to his Majesty shall be paid, and until the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds shall have been repaid, the said united company shall from time to time pay, or cause to be paid, into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, such surplus of the clear revenues qnd profits of the said company as is herein before directed to be applied in such payment; which said payments shall be made as often as the said company shall have money which can be appropriated for that purpose; and the same shall be applied, in the first plape, for answering and paying all such interest, premium, rate and charges, as shall have grown due in respect of the exchequer bills made out, issued, and circulated as aforesaid; and in the next place, as far as the same will extend, for paying off, cancelling, and discharging, all such of the said exchequer bills as shall then remain uncancelled.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said united

pa^'pwccen<r company to set apart apd apply at Christmas next, so mncji

fnoqey

uidii uc ap

After the debts due to his Majesty are paid, the surplus profits of the company to be paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

Company

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84, Sf. 385

money as shall be equal to four pounds per centum on the capi for the next tal of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, as and for a dividend to the proprietors of the (lock of the said company for half a year, from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said deficiency of two hundred fifty-five thousand eight Deficiency of hundred and thirteen pounds, appearing in the said annual account made up to the first day of March, one thousand seven account" ©011 hundred and eighty-three, shall be carried forward as a charge be carried for in the account of the present year. ward as a

XII. And whereas [undry drawbacks ef part of the duties of charge in this cvstoms payable on east-india goods are allowed on the exportation ac "

of such goods from this kingdom the debentures for which drawbacks are often paid to the east-india company as cash, in part of payment of goods sold at the company's Jqles: and whereas the Jiaid debentures cannot be received and allowed by the officers of his majesty's customs in payment of any duties of lujloms other than the customs due for the same species of goods for which the said debentures are made by reason whereof the said company are often obliged to keep the said debentures for a great length of time; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and Clause rela every debentures, for payment of any drawbacks of the duties tyre to pay of customs on east-india goods, shall at all times be received en"tu^; from the united company of merchants of England trading to drawbacks on the East Indies, by the officers of his majesty's customs, in pay east-india ment of any kind of duties of customs due from the said goods, united company on east-india goods, in like manner as if such debentures were paid in for duties of customs due on the same kind of goods therein mentioned and contained.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act to enable his Majesty to raise a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, to pay off and discharge the debts due and owing on the civil list. — To raise 55, 000l. as in the land tax aft.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity for the use of the right honourable sir George Augustus Eliott, knight of the most honourable order of the Bath, in confederation of the eminent fcruices performed by him to his Majesty and this country.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS your Majesty by your most gracious meffiage to your faithful commons has been pleased to signify your dejire of conferring same signal mark of your royal favour upon lot right honourable fer George Augustus Eliott, knight of the most

386 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85. [1783.

honour abb or dor of the bath, for the very distinguished and important services performed by him to your Majesty and this country, by hit brave and gallant defence of Gibraltar, and for that purpose to grant to the said sir George Augustus Eliott, for the term of his list, and for the life of his son, Francis Augustus Eliott, an anmdty of one thousand five hundred pounds per annum; but that it mot bring in your Majesty's power to grant the same, or to settle the fold annuity beyond the term of your Majesty's own life, recommended it to the house to consider of a proper method of enabling your Majesty to grant the said annuity, and of settling and securing the same in the most effectual manner for the benefit of the said sir George Augustus Eliott: We, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subje6b, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, duly considering your majesty's most gracious intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au a life annuity thority of the same, That the said sir George Augufius Eliott, his of 1, 5001 per executors, administrators, and assigns, shall have, receive, and ann. settled on enjoy, at the receipt of the exchequer, for and during the na augustus6 tura* ives feid sir George Augustus Eliott, and of his

Eliott, and son, Francis Augustus Eliott, for and during the natural life of his son the longer liver of them, one annuity, or yearly tent or sum of

frftk^fi^u" one thousand five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great

guitus iottj Britain, out of, and charged and chargeable upon, she duties and revenues which compose the fund, commooly called The'Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and Turns of money as have been directed by any former a or as of parliament to be paid out of the same; but with preference to all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable to commence out of the said aggregate fund;,) which said annuity, or yearly fron "s«pj*, 3« relit or sum, shall commence and take effect from the thirteenth be^paidqus^September, which was in the year of our Lord one thou terlyt*fond seven hundred and eighty-two; the first payment to be computed from the said thirteenth day of September, which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until the fifth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the four usual days of payment in the year; that is to say, the tenth day of October, the fifth day of "January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in each and every year, by even and equal portions.

The annuity

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore to be paid at said, That it shall and may, be lawful to and for the commissi the exche oners of his majesty's treasury now being, and the high trea without surer and unde treasurer of the exchequer, od of of the treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorised and required, by warrant under their hands, to direct the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time j

being,

by

1783.7 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85. 387

jeing, to make forth and pass debentures, from time to time, for paying the said annuity, or yearly relit or sum of one thoq sand five hundred pounds, as the same shall from time to time become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof j which said warrant, and the debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient authority to the federal and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time being, for the payment of the said annuity, or yearly relit or sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, to the said sir George Augustus Eliott, his executors, administrators, and assigns, at the respective quarterly feast days in this act before appointed for payment thereof, without any. further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Jhe warrant said. That after signing of such warrant, the same shall be good, otteeannukf valid, and effectual in law, according to the purport and true not to be demeaning thereof, and of this act, and shall not be determinable terminable or revocable by or upon the demise of his Majesty, (whom God up?n tfh*.de* long preserve!) or of any of his heirs or successors, or by or up majesty&c. on the death or removal of any of the said of of 1.

the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office, or offices of them, or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commissio that the of of the treasury now being, and the high treasurer of the treasury for the time being;, chancellor and un chancellor of der treasurer, chamberlains and barons of the exchequer, and the exche all other the officers and ministers of the court of exchequer, qur "» of the receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, Jhinw necef and they are hereby authorised and (triftly enjoined and requir fary for the ed to do, without fee or reward, all such acts, matters, and execution of things, as are herein before dirpfted and required, or shall be thi* aft, with necessary to be done and performed by them or any, or either oot*

of them, in order to render this act, and the several payments hereby directed, effectual.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the ac phe receipt

Quittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of the said sir of sir George 'rtorge Augustus Eliott, his executors, administrators, and af Augustus signs, or of such other person or persons as shall be entitled pr Eliott> h authorised to receive the said annuity, pr yearly relit or sum, or any part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient discharge for Cient dif the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to charge, be sued for or obtained in that behalf and that the said an annuity to be nuity, or yearly relit or sum, and every part thereof, shall be tax free, free and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other publick charges whatsoever: and in case any of the officers of the How the an receipt of his majesty's exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay nuily ma be the said annuity, or yearly relit or sum, or any part thereof, ac recomtd* cording to the true intent and meaning of this act, or to do any act necessary to enable the said sir George Augustus Eliott, his

€8 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86. [1783.

executors, administrators, or assigns, to receive the same, then the said George Augustus Eliott, his executors, administrators or assigns, may from time to time Cue, prosecute, and implead such officers, or any of them, their executors and admioiftra, tors, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and shall or may recover judgements, and sue out executions thereupon, against such officers respectively, their heirs, executors, or administrators, for so much of such sum or sums of money then due and owing upon the said annuity, yearly relit or sum, or any part thereof as shall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer at the time or times when demands shall have been legally made of the payment of the said annuity, yearly relit or sum, or any part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the refusal or neglect to do any a necessary to be done by such officer or officers, to enable the said sir George Augstftus Eliott y his executors, administrators, and assigns, to receive the same.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on George lari Rodney, and the two next persons to whom the barony of Rodney ball descendy in confederation of the eminent services performed by the said George lord Rodney to his Majesty and the publick

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS your Majesty, by your most gracious message to your most faithful commons, has been pleased to declare9That your Majesty having taken into your royal confederation the many eminent and fegnal services performed by George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, vice admiral fl/'fengland, and one of the admirals of the white his conduct in thewdk Indies in three several engagements in the months of April and May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, with a superior French fleets under the command of the count de Guichen; and his great and glorious victories over the Spanish sleety on the fexttenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, on his voyage to the relief of the garrison of Gibraltar; and over the French fleet in the West Indies, on the twelfth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; not only highly honourable to bimfelfy but greatly beneficial to your Majesty's kingdoms 5 your Majesty was deferous to bestow same considerable and lofting mark of your royal fayour, as a testimony of your Majesty's approbation for the said services 5 and for this purpose to give and grant unto the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and to the two next fiucceeding heirs male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, to whom the title of lord Rodney ball descendy for and during their livesy a net annuity of two thousand pounds per annum; but your Majesty, not having it in your power to grant an annuity to that amount, or to extend the effect of the said grant beyond the term of your Majesty's own life, recommended tt to your faithful commons, to consider of a proper method of enabling

jm

783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86.*389

*ur Majesty to grant the farm, of extrudings securing, yif such annuity to the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney. and to the two next persons on whom the title of lord Rodney au descendy in futb manner as Should be thought most effectual for be benefit of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and ns family: we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, he commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, duly: onfidering your majesty's most gracious intention, do most nimbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King'? most excellent majesty, by and with the id vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and: ommon$, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That one annuity, or yearly relit or sum a life an of two thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, shall nuityof »ooool be iflfuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable up^a<ini{njiet" on, the duties and revenues which compose the fund, com roa and monly called The Aggregate Funds and every or any of them, the two next (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and succeeding sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts h.cjrt to bl# of parliament to be paid out of the same, but with preference u t to all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of, the said aggregate fund;,) and the same shall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever, in manner and form following; (that is to say,) to George Brydges Rodney now lord Rodneys for and during the natural life of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and from and after his decease, unto the two next succeedine heirs male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodneys on whom the said title, honour, and dignity of lord Rodney (hal descend, for and during their natural lives; which said annuity, or yearly relit or sum, shall to commence commence and take effect from the twelfth day of Aprils which from April n, was in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the first payment to be computed from the said terjy* twelfth day of Aprils which was in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until the fifth day of Jufys in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the four usual days of payment in the year; that is to say, the tenth day of Octobers the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils and the fifth day of July, in each and every year, by -

even and equal portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commis The annuity doners of his majesty's treasury now being, and the high trea to be paid at surer and under treasurer of the exchequer, and of the che of the treasury for the time being, and they are hereby autho Wlt out rized and required, by warrant under their hands, to direct the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass debentures, from time to time, for paying the said annuity or yearly relit or sum of two thousand

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86. [1783.

The warrant for payment of than nuity not to 'be determinable upon the demise of his Majesty, See,

commission ert of the > treasury, chancellor of the exchequer, care to do all things northeast jetflary for the execution of this act, without fees.

The receipt of lord Rodney, and his successor*, shall be a sufficient discharge.

Annuity to be tax free.

How the annuity may be recovered.

sand pounds, ih manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall, from time to tithe, become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof which said warrant, and the debentures to be made forth, and parted thereupon, shall be a sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the said annuity, or yearly relit or sum, to the said Gnrgi Brydges kodney lord Rodney, and the two next succeeding heirs male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord ko&ney* at the respective quarterly feast days in this act before appointed for payment thereof, without any/urther or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after signing of such Warrant, the same shall be good, valid, and effectual in law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the demise of his Majesty)) God long preserve!) or of any of his heirs or successors, or by or upon the death or removal of any of the said Commissioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, of by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of of the treasury now being, and the high treasurer of the treasury for the time being, chancellor and under treasurer, chamberlains and barons of the exchequer, and all other the officers and ministers of the court of exchequer, and of the receipt thereof, now and for the time being, (nail, and they are hereby authorised and rtriftly enjoined and required to do, without fee or reward, all such acts, matters, and things, as afe herein before directed and required, or shall be negeflajy to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this act, and the several payments hereby directed, effectual.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of the said Georg Brydges Rodney lord Rodney and the two next succeeding heir! male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney on whom the said tijle shall defeend, shall be a good and fufl& cient discharge for the payment of the said annuity or ycarls sum, without any further or other warrant to be sued for ol obtained in that behalf; and that the said annuity, or year! relit ot sum, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear fro all taxes, impositions, and other charges whatsoever: and i case any of the officers of the receipt of his majesty's exchequt shall refuse or neglect to pay the said annuity, or yearly relit a sum, or any part thereof, according to the true intent and meart ing of this act, or to do any act necessary to enable the fas George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and the two next succeediri heirs male of the body of the said George Badges Rodney lof

Rodne

783o Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 87.' 39*

'todneji on whom the said title, honour, and dignity of lord Zodney shall descend, to receive the same, then the said George ^rydgis Rodney lord Rodney, and the two next succeeding heirs nale of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney,

n whom the said title shall descend, may, from time to time.

Vie, prosecute, and implead such officers, or any of them, their xeirs, executors, or administrators, by bill, plaint, or adibn of icbt, and shall and may recover judgements, and sue out exe rutions thereupon, against such officers respectively, their heirs, executor, or administrators, for so much of such sum or Aims money, then due and owing upon the said annuity, yearlyent or sum, or any part thereof, as shall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer, it the time or times when demands shall have been legally made of the payment of the said annuity, yearly relit or sum, or any part thereof as aforesaid, or for the refusal or neglect to do any at necessary to be done by such officer or officers respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said annuity, yearly relit or sum of two thousand Annuity not pounds, shall be, and the same is by this act vested in the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and the two next succeed edfdrmkmger ing heirs male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney term than*lord Rodney, to whom the said title, honour, and digflity of during the lord Rodney shall descend j and the lame, oir any part thereof,

Stall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, or disposed, charged, or encumbered, by the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, or by either of the two next succeeding heirs male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodruy % on whom the said title shall descend, for any greater or larger estate, or time, than during the natural life of the person Jo aliening, conveying, disposing, charging, or encumbering the same, or so as to prevent the same from defeending to the next or succeeding heir male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, to whom the said title of lord Rodney shall descend, according to the limitation aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for vesting certain raefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees. For the further securing his majesty's docks, ships, and (lores, at Portsmouth j and for the more safe and convenient carrying on of his majesty's gunpowder works and mills, near the tows of Faversham.

For further and better securing his majesty's docks, ships of war, and (lores, necessary to erect and raise additional fortifications at or near oof port; and reciting that his majesty's gunpowder mills, near Faversham, m Kent, had been blown up, and it was thought expedient to erebfc other works and buildings more remote from the said town) and in order thereto, it was necessary to purchase the lands, caster mentioned, in Hampshire and Kent. enacted that certain pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, in the parish of Alverstoke, in Hampshire) and certain other pieces of land, jmd tenements thereunto belonging, in the pa pfhes^f Luddenham and Preston, in Kent; and a certain piece of land, 'and

392 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 88. [1783.

and tenements thereunto belonging, in the paruh of Faversham, in Kent) and certain other pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, in the parish of Davington, in Kent; and also a piece of pasture land, situate in the parish of Faversham; vested in the right honourable Charles wol fran Cornwall, Jervoise Clerk Jervoise, Robert Thirtiethwaite, the honourable Charles Marlham, and Filmer Honeywood, esquires, and their heirs, C in trust for the respective owners, till the purchase money, with interest at 5 percent, from the time of the board of ordnance See, taking; possession, be paid. Reasonable compensation to be rode to the

anetors out of the next parliamentary aids. His Majesty irdpowered, itters patent under the great seal, to appoint of to determine claims to the said lands, fitc. and any hve or more of them may proceed in a summary way, on oath of witnesses, inspection of deeds, C and, if the parties require it, by the inquell of twelve men, to inquire into the rights, ice. of any persons, relating to the premises, and to send for persons, deeds, C Judgements and decrees of of to be entered in books, See. Copies thereof to be laid before both houses of parliament. Commissioners to issue their warrants to sheriffs to summon

juries; who are to inquire into the value of lands, See. Penalty on he riffs or their officers making default sou.and not less than iol. and also on jurors not more than iol. In case a sufficient jury (had not appear upon return of the warrant, of may adjourn the inquest, and issue their warrant for firmmoning other jurors in room of defaulters. Commissioners, after the inquest shall be taken, may adjourn, See, Commissioners to give notice previous of their respective meetings 14 days before. If owners make default in appearing, Sec, to proceed upon the bell information can be obtained. On payment of the sums assessed by jury, Sec, trustees to be deemed felted of the premises for the use of his Majesty. Pumps, wells, fitc. to be free. Officers of ordnance, within 30 days after meeting of next session, in a written declaration, to Specify the particular veiled lands. Sec. which will be wanted for the purports aforesaid: and all the lands not so specified shall be revelled in the former proprietors. Lands to be purchased in pursuance of this afil, shall be liable to the ufoal tithes and taxes: to be paid by the storekeeper of the ordnance. Commissioners not liable to penalties in flat. 25 Car. a. C 2. 1 Gul. Southeast Mar. C 8. 13 and 14 Gul. 3. C 6. nor 1 Geo. 1. c. 13. nor to be disqualified from bring members of parliament.

CAP. lxxxviii.

An act to extend the provi/tons of on aft (entitled, An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogoes, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction) to certain cases not therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS diverse ill disposed persons are frequently appre bent, having upon them implements for housebreaking % or offensive weapons, or are found in or upon houses, warehousesy coach houses, Jlablesy or outhouses, areas of houses enclosed yotas or got dens belonging to houses, with intent to commit felonies \ and although their evil purposes are thereby manifested the power of his majesty's justices of the peace to demand of them sureties for their good behaviour, hath not been of sufficient effect to prevent them from carrying their evil purposes into execution; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho after Aug. X r*lty Gf the same. That if any person or persons shall, after the ^rfon'appre^day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 89. 3^3

three, be apprehended having upon him, her, or them, any bent hav

rtarejiouse, coach house, liable, or outhouses; or hall have upon ing, or any him, her, or them, any pistol, hanger, cutlass, bludgeon, or °ffenfive weaa other offensive weapon, with intent feloniously to assault any person or persons; or shall be found in or upon atty dwelling fl, an 5* dteiii* house, Warehouse, coach house, liable, or outhouses, or in any ed a rogue, enclosed yard or garden, or area belonging to any house, with within an intent to steal any goods or chattels; every such person or of persons shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond, within the inc tent and meaning of the Statute made in the seventeenth year of / his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues', vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of ccr± reftiott. _ V

An act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the parish of Salnl Clement Danes, in the county of Middlesex, and certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuifauces and annoyances therein.

sgeo. 3. C sv. 3 Geo. 3. c. 13. 4 Geo. 3. c. 39. 5 Geo. 3. c. 50. 6 Geo. , 3. C 54. 11 Geo. 3. C ai. Former acts repealed. Power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the parish, given to the trustees, and a committee of the inhabitants. Optional Greets, viz. Arundel, Norfolk, Surrey, sod Howard streets, Batcher row, part of clement's lane, back side of 8t. Clement, Blackmore, Clare, Holiwell, Vere, and Peter or Denzell streets, and so much of Cecil street and Wyche Street as lies in St. cle toent's, and so much of Wyche ftrfcet as lies in the parish of St. Mahy le Strand. Property of the pavements, materials, C vested in the trustees, until the appointment of the committee. Former securitifes to be valid. Trustees, Charles Howard, earl of Surrey, Thomas Pelham Clinton, earl bf Lincoln, Charles Barrow, Francis Barlow, William Baldwin, John Browning, Robert Butler, Gibbs Crawsurd, William Devon, Samuel Edwards, Charles Grave Hudson, William Kitchiner, Samuel Phipps, William Sandby, and George vaugban, esquires, and the reftor ot St. Clement for the timd being. Power to cleft new trustees. Committed of twenty-one inhabitants to be appointed. Qualification bf trustees and committee men to be householders paying to the rates, and the trustees t6 have 3001. per ann. real, or 10, 0061 personal estate. Committee men td have a real or persona! estate of 2, 0001. value. Trustees idling, not being qualified, to forfeit 200l. committee men icdl. Committee to pay theit* own bxpences. No aft valid, unless done at a meeting. All acts of the committee may be done by the majority. Committee may appoint officers; and shall take security for them. No officer to take any see other than allowed by committee; or be interested in any contrast. Officers, collectors, See. to account. Penalty oh officers refusing to account, Sic. 101. If Sufficient distress cannot be bid, the offender to be committed, until he shall pay or compound. Commitment of offenders not to discharge their sureties. Committee may employ wbrknien, carriages, and horses, where the expense of the work does not exceed 40s. and contrast for paving, cleansing, and lighting. No contrast to be valid Unless confirmed by the trustees. Piovtfo, that if any trustee be a committee mart not to act as to cent rafts. No contrast to bd made but between Feb. 1, and June 1. The level of the streets not to be altered, or inferior materials used. Contrasts already made to be valid Committee to cause the works to be examined; and if not done agreeable to the contract, rmy

CAP. lxxxltf.

Dd

bring

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 89. [1783.

bring anions against the contractors. Committee may compound with contractors for the penalties incurred on*honperformance of contracts. Committee annually to affix in the vestry room, or otherwise pumhh, extracts of contracts and penalties. Householder making complaint of defect in lighting, cleansing, or repairing the pavement, Purveyor to view it, and if defective to give notice to contractor to amend it. Power to call a special meeting of the committee upon any such complaint On contracts not being performed, committee may cause the work to be done by other persons, and deduct th expense from the money due to the contractor. New ttreets to be first paved at the expense of the owners, who are to compound with the committee for paving thereof. Property of pavements, lamp irons, materials, Sec. vetted iu committee. Committee may hire ground for depositing materials. Penalty on damaging materials or works 40 s. and not less than 10 s. Names of ttreets to be wrote at or near the entrance, and houses and lamp irons to be numbered. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps 40 s. for every lamp, and alto make good the damage. Persons carelessly or accidentally breaking lamps, to make good the damage. Committee to make rates, not exceeding is. 6d. in the pound, and alto additional rates not is. 6d. in the pound for the optional ttreets, and 6d. per pound for the other parts of the parish. Houses hereafter to be built, to be afieffed as others. Empty houses to pay half rate. Church and church yare), chapels, and other public buildings, to be rated according to the number of square yards of paving belonging thereto, at 6d. per yard per annum. If committee neglect to make the additional rates, trustees may do it. If the committee omit to make the other rates, the inhabitants to do it. Commencement of rates March 25, 1783. Rates of houses let in separate apartments, and ready furniftied, to be paid by the tenant, who may deduct the same out of bh relit. Rates of houses let to ambassadors to be paid by the landlords. Agreements between landlords and tenants not to be affected. Poor rates may be inspected by an order of three committee men; and copies, See. taken. Power to recover the rates by distress. Rates may be recovered by action at law. Persons quitting houses orpremifes before payment of the rates, and persons entering in such homes or premises, to be subject to the payment thereof for the times of their occupying the same. Persons aggrieved by the rates may appeal to the committee, and the

Suarter sessions. Collector to pay the money into the bank, or to a banker.

tanker to pay money drawn upon him by the trustees, and committee. Commissioners to account with the trustees relative to optional ttreets. Commissioners to account with the committee relative to the other parts of the parish. Former committee to accountwith the committee appointed by virtue of this act. Arrears of former rates may be levied. Trustees to apply additional rate to pay interest and debt. Committee to apply rates for repairing, cleansing, and lighting, and removing nuisances, C Surplus to be applied cowards discharging debt. Separate accosts to be kept of rates to be raised within the optional (beets, for paying the principal and interest due on such ttreets. Creditors to be paid by ballot. Notice to be given to the persons whose bonds are to be paid off. New \ securities for 1001, each may be given, instead of present securities for a larger sum. Power to borrow money to discharge certain debts due upon some of the optional ttreets, and not secured upon the rates. Form of security.

BY virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the title of the act.j We, the trustees of the said parish, do hereby assign to A.B. his executors, administrators, and attigns, in consideranon of the sum of paid by him to

from this day of in the yea:

/ of our Lord until the said sum of

with interest, at the rate of per annum, shall be paid,

the rntes or assessments by virtue of the said act made subject and liab: to and chargeable with the payment of the principal money due and o

II

17sj Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 89.

ing on the credit of [afqtrtain the part of the parish in respect whereof such money is to be secured] ] the purpose of di (charging moneys due and owing on the credit of such rates or assessments.

IDO transfer this assignment, with all my right and title to the priori porm of pal and interest thereby secured, unto C D. nis executors, adrainiftra traq|fcr# t<jri, and alligns. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand, this day of

Witness, E. F. A.B.

Transfers to be entered, and shall be valid. Power to borrow money at lower interest, to discharge securities at a higher. Power to raise a rate not exceeding ad. in the pound, towards new paving any streets, after the parochial debt shall be discharged. Signs to be placed flat on fronts of houses. Water to be conveyed from houses in pipes. Palisadoes broke or defective, to be repaired at the expense of the owner. Penalty on placing annoyances or obstructions in the streets ios. and not less than 5s.

C No hoards to be erested, without licence from the surveyor or inspector to the committee. Running wheels, cor driving carriages, horses, con foot pavement. Dirt not to be swept into common sewer, or within a certain distance of any grate or channel. No person, other than the scavenger, to carry away dull, C No person shall fist, (kreen, or (lack lime. Penalty 20s. and not less than 5s. Owners of cinders, dull, C may carry away the same for their own use. No night soil to be taken away before twelve or after four, in summer, or five in winter; or to be put or cast in any part of the parish, or within a certain difiance thereof. Scavengers to clean streets once every week, C Inhabitants exempted from office of scavengerj and surveyor of highways, from hanging out lights, and return of annoyance jury, on account of defective pavements, Sec. t Paviours to water companies to transmit rheir names, places of abode, and walk, to the committee, Directions for repairing defective water pipes. Penalty on his neglect. If no regular paviour, notice to be transmitted to clerk to water companies. Committee to be reimbursed expenses of relaying pavement broken for repairing water pipes. Lifi of streets to be transmitted to water Companies. Water company not to be subject to pay the expense of paving or repairing the pavement, unless the account be delivered within six calendar months. Committee to state in their account to the water company, th charge of such relaying or repairing the quantity of pavement, C Treasurer or clerk to the water company may inspect the accounts and proceedings of the committee relative to paving. Surveyor or inspector to verify his account with any water company upon oath, if required. The provisions of the act extended to such part of Cecil street as lies in Saint Martin's parish, until the debt due on that street be paid off. Duke of Newcastle owner of Clare Market, and entitled to certain parts of the pavement. The (hops inside the market houses not to be rated. The (hops outside of the market houses to be rated. Nothing in the act to affect the rights of the duke of Newcaftlt. Saving the right of W. Kitchiner, esquire, to Carting lane and Somerset street. Trustees empowered to appoint a clerk at a salary. The committee to pay a proportion of the expenses of the general commission till March 15, 17*4. Proceedings of trustees and committee to be recorded. Not to extend to such part of drury-lane as is in St. Clement Danes. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress and sale of goods, and applied by the committee. Inhabitants may give evidence. Justices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction.

County of Middlesex, j T) E it remembered. That on

city and ubmy of I d day of in the'year

wdhnintter, to wit. J of the reign of his Majesty

A.B. is convicted before w

of his majesty's justices of the peike for the said county or city and liberty, fas the calc shall be,] by virtue of D a a an

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 90. [1783.

?n act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his majesty King George the ttiird, intituled, [here set forth the title of the act, and specify the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed.]

Given under oor hands and seals, [or, my band and sea)vj the day and year aforesaid.

Actions may be brought in the name of one of the trustees or committee, pr their clerk? and upon obtaining verdicts, they have power to recover polls. No action to abate on death or removal of clerk. Nb essoin, &<, to be allowed in actions. Perfops aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Rates and proceedings not to be quaked for want of form; nor to be removed by ctrt'torari. Plaintiff shall not recover after tender of sufficient amends. Distress not deemed unlawful for want of form. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first money which comes to hand. Writings not to be subject to lamp duties. Limitation of actions within six calendar months. Defendant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evjdepee; nd if verdict, C for him, to have treble Costs, Publick ft.

CAP. XC.

act for better paving, cleaning, and lighting, the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberty of Westminster, and certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Geo. 3. c. 2*. 3 Geo. 3. C. 3* 4 Geo. 3. c. 39. 5 Geo. 3. c. 50. 6 Geo. 3. c. 54. 11 Geo. 3. C ia. Former acts repealed. Power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the parish, given to the vestry, and a committee of the inhabitants, optional streets, viz. Northumberland, Hungerford, end all streets, C in York buildings and Adelphi, a)so Salisbury, Great Suffolk, and Pauton streets, such part of Littjc ruftel street and Great Prury lane as lie in the said parish. Former securities to be valid. Vestry 30 appoint a committee. Qualification of committee men 2, 0001, real or personal estate. Meetings of committee every fortnight. Committee to pay their own expenses. No aft valid, unless done at9meeting. All acts of the committee may be done by the majority. Committee may appoint officers; and shall take security for them. No officer to take any see other than allowed by committee; or be interested in any contrast,

collectors, C to account. Officers refucng to account, shall forfeit 191. and if they neglect to pay the balance, it may be levied by distress. If sufficient distress cannot be had, the offender to be committed until he shall pay, or compound. Commitment of offenders not to discharge their sureties. Committee may employ workmen, carriages, and horses, and contrast for paving, cleansing, and lighting. No contrast to be made but between Feb. 1, and June 1. The level of the streets not to be altered without consent of vestry or paving committee of adjoining pa fish, or inferior materials used. Coptrafts already made to be valid. Committee 10 cause th works to be examined; and if not done agreeable to the conti acts, may bring actions against the contractors. Committee pray compound with contraftois for the penalties incurred on nonperformance of pop^rafy. Committee annually to print and efistribuet extracts of fontrafts and penalties'. House holder making complaint of defective pavement, surveyor to view it, and, if defective, to give notice to contraftor, to amend it. Power to CII a special meeting of the committee upon any. fuyh complaint. Oq coptrafts not being performed, committee may cause the work to be done by other persons, and deduct the expense from the pioney due to the contraftor. New streets to be first paveif at the expense of the owners, who are to compound with the committee for paving f hereof, Property of pavements, lamp irons, materials, C vested ip' 1'V*' '*committee,

-L

397

17 % .] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 90.

committee. Committee may hire ground for depofuiqg materials. Pe alton destroying or damaging materials. Names of streets to he wrote at or near the entrance, and houses and lamp irons to be numbered. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps aos. for every lamp, and damages, C Persons carelessly or accidentally breaking lamps, to make good the damage. Committee to make rates, i s. in the pound, according to two third*'of the annual value, to repair \ and to pay debt incurred and interest, and ad additional rate of is. 6d. per pound, of two thirds value in optional streets, and is. 9d. per pound in Panton street, and 6d. in aether streets. Houses hereafter to be built, to be aftefted as others. Empty houses to pay half rate. St. Martin's church and churchyard, and other public buildings, to be rated according to the number of square yards of paving belonging thereto 6 d.' per yard per annum. If committee neglect to make rates, vestry may do it. Commencement of rates March 25, 27s3. Rates of houses let in separate apartments, and ready furnished, to be paid by the tenant, who may deduct the same out of his relit. Rates of houses let to ambassadors to be paid by the landlords. Poor rates may be inspected by an order of three committee men; and copies, C taken. Power to recover the rates by distress and sale. Rates may be covered by action at law. Persons quitting houses or premises before'payment of the rates, and persons entering in such houses or premises, to be subject to the payment thereof for the times of their occupying the lame. Agreements between landlords and tenants not to be aftefted. Persons aggrieved by the rates may appeal to the committee, and the

Suarter feihons. Col left or to pay the uiqney into the bank, or to a banker anker to pay money drawn upon him by the vestry and committee. Np collector to keep in his hands more than 501. longer than three days. Commissioners to account with the vestry relative to optional streets, Commissioners to account with the committee relative to the other parts of the parish, and transfer to them the money in the bank. Former committee to account with the committee appointed by virtue of this act. Arrears may be levied. Vestry to apply additional rate to pay interest and debt. Committee td apply rates for repairing, cleansing, and lighting, and removing nuifanc<*s, See. Surplus to be applied towards discharging debt. Separate accounts to be kept of rates to be raised within the optional streets, for paying the principal and interest due on such streets. After payment of the debt, the additional rates to cease. cie dnort to be paid by ballot. Notice to be given to the persons whose bonds are to hie paid oft. New securities for 1001. each may be given, instead of present securities for a larger sum. Power to borrow money to dif<; harge certain debts due upon some of he optional streets, and not secured upon the rates, Form of security

BY virtup of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, I here let forth the title of the act,] We, the vestry men of the said parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, do hereby assign to A.B. his.executors, admiaiftra* tors, and assigns, in consideration of the sum of paid by him to from this day of in the year of our Lord

until the said sum of with interest, at the

rate of per annum, shall be paid, the rates or assessments

to berated or assessed by virtue of the said act within [ascertain the street or streets, or other place or places, in respect whereof such money is to be secured] ] the purpose of discharging moneys due and owing on the credit of such rates or assessments.

Securities may be transferred. Form of transfer.

IDO transfer this afttgnment, with all my right and title to the principal and interest thereby secured, unto C D. his executors, administrators, and assigns. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand, this day of

tir: cp i? 7 a Q

vitnest, E. F

A.B. Transfers

A

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 90.

Transfers to be entered. Power to borrow money at lower interest, to" discharge securities at a higher. Power to raise a rate! not exceeding*d. in the pound, towards new paving any street, after the parochial debt than be discharged. The committee to pay a proportion of the efcpencas of the general xommission till March 15, 1784. The Adelphi to be deemed optional. Signs to be placed flat on fronts of houses. Water veyed from houses in pipes. Palisadoes broke or defective to at the expense of the owner. Penalty On placing annoyances crobftrwc tiens in the streets 10s. and not less than 58. No hoards to bfcere&ed, without licence from the surveyor or inspector to the committee.*Penalty on running wheels, cor driving carriages, horses, See. on foot pavement 20 s. and not less than 5 s. Dirt not to be swept into common sewer, or within a certain distance of any grate or channel. No person, ocher than the scavenger, to carry away dust, See. Owners of cinders, dull, C may carry away the same for their own use. No night soil to be taken away before twelve, or after four, in summer, or five in winter j or to be put or cast in any part of the parish, or within half a mile thereof. Pe, 20s. and not less than 10 s. Scavengers duty to attend once every week in each street. Inhabitants exempted from office of scavenger and surveyor of highways, from hanging out lights, and return of annoyance Jury, on account of defective pavements, C Paviours to water companies to transmit their names, places of abode, and walk, to the committee. Directions for repairing, defective water pipes. Penalty on his neglect. If no regular paviour, notice to be transmitted to clerk to water companies. Committee to be reimbursed expenses of relaying pavement broken for repairing water pipes. List of streets to be transmitted to water companies. Water company not to be subject to pay the expense of paving or repairing the pavement, unless the account be delivered within six calendar months. Committee to state in their account to the water company, the charge of such relaying or repairing the quantity of pavement, See, Treasurer or clerk to the water company may inspect the accounts and proceedings of the committee relative to paving. Surveyor or inspector to verify his account with any water company upon oath, if required. Vestry may appoint a surveyor. The providons of this act extended to such parts of Little ruftel street and Great drury-lane, as are not situate in St. martin's parish. Proceedings of vestry and committee to be recorded, and to be settled annually. Not to extend to New street, or such part of Chandos, James street, Cock lane, also Little St. Martin i lane, as lie in St. Martin's parish, till debt paid or to any street before any royal palace, ground, or building, belonging to his Majesty, C Optional boundary streets, after payment of the debts due thereon, to be under the management of the respective parhhes in which they are tituate. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered by distress and sale of goods, and applied by the committee. Inhabitants may give evidence. ju&icts to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of con VI ft ion.

County ofmiddksex, j TJ E it remembered. That on

City and Liberty of .13

Wcitanimtcr, to wit, J of the reign of his Majesty A.B. is convicted before

of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county,

or city and liberty, [as the case shall be,] by virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the title of the act, and speafy the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed.]

Given under our hands and seals, [or, my hand and seal] ] day and year aforesaid.

Committee obtaining verdicts, shall have power to recover costs. No tc tien to abate on death or removal of clerk. No essoin, CC to be allowed

1783d Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 91.

[Public act.]

in actions. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Rates and proceedings not to be quashed for want of form; or to be removed by certiorari. Plaintiff shall not recover after tender of sufficient amends. Distress not deemed unlawful for want of form. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first money received. Writings not to be subject to stamp; duties, 'Limitation of actions six calendar months. Defendants may plemshe general iflae, C and if he obtain a verdict. Sec. may recover trehfptodx.

CAP. XCI.

An act for paving and regulating Church lane, in and near the parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and Saint George in the county of Middlesex, and several other streets, avenues, and places, within the same parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and preventing annoyances therein; and for enabling the inhabitants of the said parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, to raise money to defray the expenses incurred in tepairing the parish church.

Church lane a great thorough fare, and in bad repair. Names of forty-two commissioners, with the reftor, churchwardens, and overseers of the poor of Whitechapel, for the time being. On death, See. of of, others to be chosen. Notice to be given of such election. Qualification of of, real estate 401, per ann. personal i.qooi. Penalty on aftingif not qualified 501. Five commissioners may aft. comvmf sioners to defray their own expenses. They may appoint officers, and allow them salaries, and take security from them. Rates to be paid to the collector. Officers to account. On their refnfal, to be committed. On death of officers, or becoming info)vent, executors to account $ and pay the balance, in preference of any other creditor; and may plead or give in evidence such payment; and in case of nonpayment, commissioners may sue for the same. Comnrfftioners empowered to pave Church lane, and to raise or lower the ground, C For paving such part of Church lane as lies within the parish of Saint George. No person to repair pavement but commissioners' paviour. Property of present and future pavement, and materials, vested in the of; penalty on injuring the same 40 s. Pavement may be taken up, for repairing water pipes. See. After such repair, notice to be given to the of paviour 5 who is to repair and make good the same. Charges of repairing pavement' taken up to be paid by the persons occasioning the damage. In case of default, how to be recovered. Water company's paviour or workmen to give notice to the of clerk of their names and places of abode. Time allowed water companies to repair their pipes after notice. commissioner of fewer how to be fumtnoned, when any repairs of sewers. Sec. wanted. Goods and also carriages, obstructing the passage, may be frized; or the persons causing, or the Rafter, to be Juromoned, to be pu nifiled in a summary way before the justice. Penalty on driving wheelbarrows, Sec. over the foot pavement, first offence 58. second 10 s. third nos. Hoards may be erected with leave. Foot pavements to be swept every day (Sundays excepted.) Houses to be numbered. Signs, Scc. to be regulated. Projections to be removed. Rates, not to exceed is. 6d. in the pound. 'Landlords to allow one third part of the rate. Where houses, Sec. unoccupied, one third only of the rate'to be collected. Owners to be rated for houses let in different tenements. For recovering the rates by distress, if none; or goods removed, the party may be committed for three calendar months, by justices warrant. Places of worship, void spaces of ground. Scc. may be rated at 6d. per ann. each square yard of pavement. Rates maybe recovered by action. Vacant ground to be fenced in, at the expense of the owner. Occupiers quitting without paying rate, may be followed. Commissioners may mitigate the rates. Persons paying the rates exempted from paving. The aft not to make void agreement between landlord and tenant. Trustees under act of 16 Geo.

to pay 135l. to of under this act, for paving such part of Church lane as lies within the parish of Saint George. Impowering the

X Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. fc. 92 — -94* ulh

trustees of the parish of Saint George, under their aft j6 Geo. III. to raise. % \$\. an assessment. Commimoners may a ft as justices. com raiftioners may borrow money at interest, or raise money by sale of annuities $ not exceeding 3, 000l. Commissioners* order to entitle the contributor to the payment of his interest and anniuitv; charged upon the rates. Annuities deemed indefeasible estates; not chargeable to the land tax Annuities may be assigned toties quoties. Moneys may by

[Public act.]

sale of annuities, in the place of those that have ceased, for the^a^pent of the inrereft money. Impowering the of to pave tbd'fbot and carriage ways of other streett, in case a majority of the inh&frants shall requett Stand assess them at is. 6d. per pound per annum; Ac1 counts of optional streets to be kept separate. Penalties may be mitigated. Commissioners who are justices may aft. Justices may administer oaths. Anions may be instituted in the name of the treasurer. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Distrefr not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender of sufficient amends hath been made. Writings to be without stamps. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Books may be read in evidence. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Act 3d George III. cap. 53, concerning Whitechapel church, recited. Empowered to raise isool. which had been expended. Trustees under former act empowered to raise 1700l. more to defray the remaining debts, by sale of annuities. Not to exceed sol. percent. Expenses of this act to be paid, half out of the money raised by this act for the church, the other by the paving rate. Limitation of actions, six calendar months. Defendant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter, C in evidence i and if he obuia a verdict, C to recover treble costs.

CAP. XCII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from a place near Rider's Green, in the county of Stanford, to Broadwater fire engine, and six collateral cuts from the lame, to several coal mines; and also a navigable canal from or near the town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry canal at or near Fazelqy, in the parish of Tam worth, in the said county of Stafford, with a collateral cut to the lower part of the said town of Birmingham.

CAP. XCIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, pajfei in the fe coni year of the reign of hoc present Majesty> for amending widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from the south end of Sparrows Herne on Bushy Heath, through the market towns of tvatfordi Berkhampjhdy Saint peters and Tring, in the county of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms to the turnpike road at ivaltony near Ayltjlury in the county of Bucks.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the porters of several acts of parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and chreugh Bowling and ivibfey, to Halifax, and also the roads called Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Lane, in the wcjl riding of the county of Yoik. e

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 95 — 100.

CAP. XCV.

an ail toenlarge the term and powers of two, made in

the fourteenth and twenty sixth years of the reign of king George the Second, for repairing the roads from through

Ferrybridge, to the south side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Wetberby, and from thence to -

bridge, in the county of York; far as the same relate to the road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of all an in the jirjl year of the reign of his present, An act for repairing and widening the roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull and from astream of water called Ford, to Cartgate in in the county of Somerset.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for continuing and amending two of the ninth and twenty seventh years of his late for repairing and widening the road from Saint Dunjtan's Cross, near the city of Canterbury, to the waterside at in the county of Kent.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an ah of the second year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Cross, the turnpike gate on Abberly Hill, in the counties of Salop and Worcester.

CAP. XCIX.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an all, made in the second year of his present Majtftfs, for repairing, widening, and altering the road from Sandon, in the county of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the county of and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors; and from Roths to Toon, in the said county of Stafford.

CAP. C

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an ah of the third year of his present for repairing the roads from Maidenhead Bridge to, and from the said bridge to Henley Bridge, in the county of Berks.

402 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. ioi p 106. [1783.

CAP. CL

An act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of me act made in the third year of the reign of his present majesty* for repairing and widening the road from Lawton, in the county of Chester, to Burffem and Newcastle under Lime, in the county of Stafford, and other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. CII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act., made in the first year of the reign of his prffent majesty, intituled An act for making, widening, and repairing a road from the norrh cast side of the gofwellstreet Road next ijungton, in the county of Middlesex, and near to the road called The New Ready over the fields and grounds, to Old Street Ready oppofice to the Doghouse Bary and at and from the Doghouse Bar to the end of Phifaell Strecty by the Artillery Ground.

Cap. cm.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Wether by to Knaresborough, in the county of fort,

CAP. CIV.

An act for amending and widening the road from the passage or ferry over the river Severn at newnham, in the county of Gloucester, through the pariffes tf/newnham and Little Dean, to a place called Saint white's, adjoining his Majests fired of peaii, in the said county.

CAP. CV.

An act for continuing and amending an efty of the third, year of his present majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Stafford, to Sandon, in the county of staf ford, and several other rpad$ in the counties of Salop and Stafford

CAP. CVI.

An act for completing and keeping in repair the road from the Ram inn, in the town of Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester, through the town of Tetbury, to Oldfield, otherwise Woefield Corner, near the sixteenth mile (lone in the Bath roaiy and a road from thence through the par iff es of Cold A Alton and Swan f wick, to or near Lambridge, in the parish of Bath Easton, bear the city of Bath; and for continuing the present read from the said corner to or near the monument upon Lapfdown, until the intended road from the said corner to or neay Lambridge te made fit for travelling.

a

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 197 — 110. 403

CAP. CVII.

An act to revive and render more effectual an ar passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late king George the southeast tond, for repairing the road from Markfield, in the

county of Leicester, over Charley, otherwise barnwood, through the town of Whitvnck, and from thence' through Law, to where the road leading from the town of Loughborough, to the town of Ajbby de la Zouch, in the said, county, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a place called Snape Gate,

CAP. CVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present majesty ling George tb Thirds intituled An an act for widening, repairing, and a mending the road from Hejict, by Tews Bridge, to cockermouth; from thence, by Lorton, over Whinlatter, to kef wick, in the county of Cumberland; and from Keswick, by Dummail Rays and Ambleside, to Kirby in Kendall, in the county of Westmoreland; and from Plumb garth's Croft, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the lake called Windermere, in the bounty of Westmorland; and from Keswick aforesaid, to the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland

CAP. CIX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, for altering, widening, and amending the road from the north gate of the city of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and other places, to Newtown River; and also the road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwtll, to the present turnpike mad at Andover, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. CX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the eleventh year of king George the First, and the eighth year of king xseoree the Second, for repairing the road from Saint giles's Pound to Kilhourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road', and also of an al, made in the twenty-ninth year of king George the

Second, to enable the respective trustees of the turnpike roads leading to Highgate Gate House and, and from

Saint giles's Pound to Kilhourne, to make a new road from the great northern road at jjlington to the Edgware road near Paddington j so far as the same is by the said ail direred to ho under the management of the trustees of the said two - tuned acts.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c. i itl [1783.

CAP. CXI.

An act for continuing tbt term, and altering end enlarging the pothers of two alls made in the second and twenty-fifth years of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the highways between Sheppards Sbori, and Herflty Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the county of wius^ and other ruinous parts of the highways thereunto adjacent

---

END of Part II Vol. XXXIV

