r

tatutes at lUrge,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the E ND of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq.

Reader of the Law Ledure to that Honourable Society*

VOL. XLII.

CAMS RIDGE,

PRINTED BY JOHN BURGES PRINTER TO THE UNIVERSITY;

(By Afiignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurft,)

FOR J. JOHNSON, IN ST. PAUL’S CHURCH-YARD, G, G. $1 J. ROBINSON, IN PATER-NOSTER ROW, AND D. OGILVY & SON, NO. 315, HOLBORN, LONDON.' 1799.

tattttes at £arge,

Anno tricefimo nono Georgii III. Regis

Being the THIRD Seflion of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XLII. PART I.

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

thirty-seventh years of his prefent Majefty, chapter feventy, videlicet, On the fixth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, for the better prevention and punilhment of attempts to feduce perfons ferving in his Majefty’s forces, by fea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majefty, or to incite them to mutiny or difobedience.

Cap. 5. To continue, until the expiration ofone month after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, an aft, paffed in the laft feffion of parliament, chapter fixty-fix, videlicet. On the twenty-firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, intituled. An a51 for empowering bis Majefiy for^a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the fervices of fuch parts of his military forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer them-felves to be employed in Ireland.

Cap. 6. To enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax; and to explain and amend an aft, made in the laft: feftion of parliament* intituled, An aft for making perpetual\ fubjeft to redemption and pur chafe in the manner therein fated, the fever al fums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 7. For railing the fum. of three millions by way of annuities.

- Cap. 8. For extending the time allowed for taking out certificates for ufmg or wearing armorial bearings or enfigns, until the fifteenth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 9. To continue, until the firft: day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, an aft, made in the laft: feftion of parliament, chapter feven, on the fecoftd day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, intituled, An aft to continue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, tzvo feveral afts, paffed in the feffion of parliament holden in the thirtyfixth and thirty-feventb years of his prefent Majefty, the one, chapter thirty-two, on the tenth day fl/'hJlarch, and the other, chapter fixty-one, on the twenty-fifth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fiven, for fuft pending*, for a limited time, the operation of certain afts, made in the fifteenth and fevenieenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty for refraining the negotiation of promiffiry notes and bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England ; and alfo to amend the faid aft, and further to continue the fame, fo amend’ed, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 10. To continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand fevenhundred and ninety-nine, and amend an aft, pafled in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, chapter two, videlicet, Or^the thirtieth day of'November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, intituled, An aft to continue, until the expiration of thirty days after the commencement of the next feffion of parliamentd an aft^ paffed in the feffion of

parliament

Hosted by Google

(Publick General) 39 GEO. III.

parliament of the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majefly, chapter one hundred and thirty-feven, videlicet, On the tiventieth of July one thoufancl feven hundred and ninety feveny intituled,cAn aft to continue an ad^ made in this prefentfiffion of par» liament, intituled, “An aid to revive and continue for a limited time, and amend an ad, pafjed in the prefent fejfion of parliament, intituled,

“An ad to allow the hanls, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to iffue notes for fums under a certain amount, for a limited time ; and for indemnify'mg all perfons m who have iffue cl notes for fnall fu?ns of money in that part of the united kingdom” for a dunked timed

Cap. 11. For allowing further time for the payment of inftalments to become due on certain fums advanced by way of loan, to certain perfons connedled with and trading to the iflands of Grenada and Saint Vincents.

Cap. 12. To continue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next fefiion of parliament, an adt, pafled in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, chapter fifteen, videlicet, On the fixteenth day of March one thou-fand feven hundred and ninety-five; and alfo an add, pafled in the fame year, chapter eighty, videlicet, On the twenty-fecond day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five; and alfo another add, pafied in the thirty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty, chapter feventy-fix, videlicet, On the fourteenth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, relating to the admifiion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and the ifluing of orders in council for that purpofe ; and to continue, for the fame period, an add, pafied in the fefiion of parliament holden in the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majefty, chapter twenty- one, videlicet, On the twenty-eighth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, autho-rifing his Majefty to make regulations refpecding the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

Cap. 13. To repeal the duties impofed by an add, made in the lafF fefiion of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war; and to make more effectual provifion for the like purpofe, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties.

Cap. 14. For exempting, during the prefent war, certain perfons, ferving in volunteer corps, from being ballotted for the fupplememary militia, under certain conditions; and for making out new lifts of men liable to ferve in the faid militia.

Cap. 15. To continue, until the twenty-firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, an add, made in the Jail; felfion of parliament, intituled. An ad to empoiver his Majefty to fecure and detain fitch perfons as his Majefly Jhall Jufped are confpiring again ft his pcrfon and government.

Cap. 16. To revive and continue, until thirty days after the commencement of the next fefiion of parliament, an add* pafled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, chapter feventy-fix, videlicet, On the feyenteenth day of June one

a 2	thoufand

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, intituled, An aft for eflablijhtng courts of judicature in the ifand of Newfoundland, and the ifands adjacent.

Cap. 17. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time dire&ed by law, and for extending the time limited for thofe purpofes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiflions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or having been damped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to provide admiffionsduly ftamped ; to permit fuch-perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the firft day of Michaelmas term one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; to allow to fuch perfons who have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or fervants, until the twenty-fecond day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninetyTnine, for payment of the fame; to indemnify attornies who have omitted to enter their certificates according to law, and for allowing them, until the firft day of Eajler term, to enter the fame with the proper officer; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to tranfmit deferiptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpofe, until the firft day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 18. For railing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 19 For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine fores while on fhore, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 20. For the punifhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 21. To amend and render more effectual two ads, pafied in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign and the prefent feffion of parliament, for the redemption and purchafe of the land tax.

Cap. 22. For extending the time for returning ftatements under an ad, paffed in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft to repeal the duties impofed by an at7, made in the laf [effort of parliament^ for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the ivar-, and to ?nake more effectual provifon for the like purpofe, by granting certain duties upon interne, in lieu of the faid duties; and to amend the faid ad.

Cap. 23.

Hosted by Google

(.Publick General) 39 GEO. III.

Cap. 23. To repeal certain parts of three a£Fs, made in the thirty-feventh and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for raifing a provifional force of cavalry; and for making further provifion refpe&ing fuch part of the provifional cavalry of this kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied.

Cap. 24. To continue, until the twenty-fifth day of May next, an acft, made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, chapter nine, videlicet^ On the fourth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing feveral acls, made in the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh, and in the thirty-eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for fufpending the operation of certain adls, made in the fifteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fpr reftraining the negotiation of promiftory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 25. To continue, until the twenty-fifth day of May next, an acft, palled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, chapter ten, videlicet, On the Fourth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing feveral adls for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to iflue notes for fums under a certain amount.

Cap. 26. To continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred, an a<ft, pafted in the feflion of parliament holden in the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majefty, chapter feventy-fix, videlicet, On the fixth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, for difallowing the bounty on the exportation to Ireland of fail cloth or canvas of the manufacture of Great Britain.

Cap. 27. To revive and continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred, an a<5l, palled'in the feflion of parliament of the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majefty, chapter feventy-two~, videlicet, On the fixth of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being the manufadfure of Ireland, except for the purpofe of being warehoufed for exportation.

Cap. 28. To continue, until the twenty-fourth fay of June one thoufand eight hundred, an a£F, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, chapter fifteen, videlicet, On the thirteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-five, for granting a bounty on certain fpecies-of Britifh and Irijh linens exported ; and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax.

Cap. 29. For enabling his Majefty to fettle an annuity of twelve thoufand pounds on his royal highnefs prince Edward, and a like annuity of twelve thoufand pounds on his royal highnefs prince Ernejl Augujlus, during his Majefty pleafure.

a 3	Cap.	30.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 30. To enable bis Majefty to fettle on her royal higbnefs theprincefs Amelia, part of the annuity of thirty thoufand pounds per annum, which his Majefty was enabled to fettle on their royal highnefles his Majefty’s other daughters, out of the hereditary revenues, by virtue of an act palled in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

Cap. 31. To continue, until the tenth day of July one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an ad, paffed in the lad feilion of parliament, chapter ninety-two, videlicet, On the twenty-ninth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, for granting to his Majefty additional duties on diftilleries in the feveral parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on diftilleries in the refpedive diftrids in Scotland; and for granting to his Majefty certain additional duties on fpirits diftilled for confumption, and a duty on unmalted grain ufed in diftillation in Scotland.

Cap. 32. To permit (hips to fail from certain ports of the ifland of Newfoundland, and from the coaft of Labrador, without convoy.

Cap. 33. For raifing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 34. For repealing two ads, paffed in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, which limit the time for killing patridges in England and Scotland\ and for amending fo much of an ad, palled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to fuch limitation within that part of Great Britain called England, by making other provifions for that purpofe.

Cap. 35. For exempting, during the prefent war, perfons ferving in volunteer corps and aftbciations, from being ballotted for the militia, under certain conditions.

Cap. 36. For increafing the rates of fubfiftence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering foldiers.

Cap. 37. For remedying certain defects in the law refpeding offences committed upon the high Teas.

Cap. 38. To continue, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and four, and amend an ad, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for allowing the importation of rape feed, and other feeds uled for extracting oil, whenever the prices of middling BritiJJ) rape feed fhal! be above a certain limit; and to continue feveral laws relating to the allowing the importation of leal fkins cured with foreign fait, free of duty, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred-and four; to the more effedual encouragement of the manufadures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and three ; and fo much of an ad, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for better fecuring the duties on glafs, as was to continue in force for a limited time, until the fifth day of June one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 39.

l

J

Hosted by Google

(Puhlick General) 39 GEO. III.

Cap. 39. To amend an a<5t, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft: for granting to his Majefty certain Jtamp duties on indentures of clerkfhips to folicitors and attornies, in any of the courts in England, therei;z-mentioned.

Cap. 40. To amend fo much of three adts, made in the laft and prefent feftions of parliament, for making perpetual, fubjedl to redemption and purchafe, the feveral fums of money charged as a land tax, as relates to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 41. For raifing an additional fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 42. To enable the commercial commiffioners appointed to carry into execution certain a£ts for granting duties upon income, to extend the time limited by the faid adts for receiving returns of income.; and for explaining and amending the faid adls.

Cap. 43. For enlarging the time limited by certain adts pafled for the redemption of the land tax, for receiving contracts and making transfers of flock thereon, and for explaining and amending the faid adts.

Cap. 44. For further continuing, until the firft day of March one thoufand eight hundred, an act, made in the laft feftion of parliament, intituled, An aft to empower his Majefy to fecure and detain fuch perfeons as his Majefty Jhall feufpeft are confptring againft his perfeon and govermnent.

Cap. 45. For making perpetual fo much of an adf made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, chapter feventy-four, videlicet, On the twenty-fixth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, intituled. An aft to explain and amend the laws relating to tranfportation, imprifeonment, and other pnnifhment of certain offenders, as relates to the punifoment of burning in the hand of certain perfons convidted of felony within the benefit of clergy.

Cap. 46. For making perpetual fo much of an adt made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, chapter feventy-four, videlicet, On the twenty-fixth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, intituled, An aft to explain and amend the laws relating to the tranfportation, imprifon-ment, and other punifhment of certain offenders, as relates to tha lodgings of judges at county aflizes.

Cap. 47. To continue, until the fifth day of July next, an adf, made in the prefent feffion of parliament, chapter twenty-four, videlicet, On the twenty-firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine, for continuing feveral adls, made in the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh and in the thirty-eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for fufpending the operation of certain adfs, made in the fifteenth and feven-teenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for reftraining the negotiation of promiffory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England. Cap. 48. To continue, until the fifth day of July one thou-

a 4	laud

A TABLE of the STATUTES

fand feven hundred and ninety-nine, an aft, paffed in the prefent feffion of parliament, for continuing feveral afts for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part^of Great Britain called Scotland, to iffue notes for fums under a certain amount.

Cap. 4.9. To extend the bail to be given in cafes of criminal information, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 50. For making perpetual an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the further relief of debtors, with refpeft to the imprifonment of their perfons; and to oblige debtors, who Jhall continue in execution in prifon beyond a certain time, and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the aft, to make difcovery, and deliver, upon oath, their eflates for their creditors benefit.

Cap. 51. For continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two, feveral laws relating to the tranfportation of felons and other offenders, and to the au-thorifing the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement in England and Scotland refpeftively.

Cap. 52. For continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two, fo much of an aft, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, chapter feventy-four, videlicet. On the twenty-fixth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, intituled, An aft to explain and amend the laws relating to the tranfportation, imprifonment, and other punijhment of certain offenders, as relates to penitentiary houfes.

Cap. 53. To continue, until the twenty-fifth day o{March one thoufand eight hundred and four, fo much of an aft, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 54. To indemnify all perfons who may have incurred penalties or forfeitures under an aft, paffed in the fecond year of the reign of the King James the Firft, intituled, An aft concerning tanners, curriers, Jhoemakers, and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather; and to repeal parts of the faid aft, relating to the buying of hides.

Cap. 55. For encouraging the improvement of lands fubjeft to the fervitude of thirlage, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 56. To explain and amend the laws relative to colliers in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 57. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and perfons afting as fuch in the Wefl India iflands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms. ,

Cap. 58. To enable his Majefty to grant a certain annuity to fir James Marriott knight, late judge of the high court of admiralty, in confiderafion of his diligent and faithful fervices in the execution of that office.

Cap. 59. For permitting certain goods, imported from the

Eajl

Hosted by Google

( PublickGeneral) 39 GEO. Ill,

Eajl Indies, to be warehoufed; and for repealing the duties novr payable thereon and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 60. For raifing the fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds by way of annuities.

Cap. 61. To repeal the duty granted by an aft of the laft fef-fion of parliament on raw linen yarn, the produce of the territories of the king of Pruffia, and imported directly from thence into this kingdom ; and for charging another duty in lieu thereof.

Cap. 62. To amend an aft made in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and two afts made in the laft feflion of parliament, for raifing a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 63. For granting to his Majefty certain additional duties on fugar imported and exported, and on coffee exported; and for reducing the drawbacks now allowed on the exportation of fugar.

Cap. 64. For-granting to his Majefty the fum of two hundred thoufand pounds, to be iffued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commiffioners for the reduflion of the national debt.

Cap. 65. For allowing, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and five, a further bounty upon pilchards exported; and for amending an ad made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for transferring the management of the fait duties to the commiffioners of excife.

Cap. 66. For placing the falaries of the fherifF deputes and fubftitutes of Scotland, upon the Scots civil lift eftablifhment.

Cap. 67. To enable fuch perfon as his Majefty (hall pleafe to appoint to the vacant office of a baron of the exchequer, to take upon himfelf the degree of a ferjeant at law.

Cap. 68. For enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of three millions for the ufes and purpofes therein-mentioned.

Cap. 69. For raifing the fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 70. For raifing the fum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 71. To enable the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury to iffue exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of fuch monies as (hall arife by virtue of an ad of this feffion, for granting certain duties on income.

Cap. 72. To amend an act made in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft to repeal the duties impofed by an adlf made in the laft fejjion 6f parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war; and to make more effectual pro-vifionfor the like purpofe, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties, fo far as relates to the afTeflrnents made upon truftees, agents, receivers, and guardians.

Cap. 73. For exempting certain fpecifick legacies which fhall be given to bodies corporate, or other publick bodies, from the

payment

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

payment of duty ; and alfo the legacy of books and other articles given by |,he will of the late reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracbt-rode to the truflees of the Britifb mufeutn.

Cap. 74. For further continuing until the firft day of February one thoufand eight hundred and three, an ad, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to enable the lord high treafurer, or commiffoners of the treafury for the time beings to let to farm the duties granted by an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefly9 s reign, on horfes let to hire for travelling po/l, and by time, to fuch perfons as Jhould be willing to contract for the fame.

Cap. 75. For reviving and making perpetual an ad, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a hi to prohibit the importation of light fiver coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain ^Ireland \ and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certain Ju?n.

Cap. 76. For the more fecure conveyance of fhip letters, and for granting to his Majefly certain rates of portage thereon.

Cap. 77. For repealing the duties on fait made in Scotland, and on fait imported from Scotland into England and Wales, and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 78. To continue, until the tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, and amend an ad, palled in the prefent feffion of parliament, for continuing an ad of the laft feffion of parliament, for granting to ins Majefty additional duties on diftilleries, in the feveral parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on diftilleries in the refpedive diftrids in Scotland; and for granting to his M.ijerty certain additional duties on fpirits diftilled for confumption, and a duty on unmalted grain ufed in diftillation in Scotland.

Cap. 79. For the more effectual fuppreffion of focieties efta-blilhed for feditious and treafonable purpofes; and for better preventing treafonable and feditious practices.

Cap. 80. For better regulating the manner of carrying Haves, in Britijh veffels, from the coart of Africa.

Cap. 81. To prevent unlawful combinations of workmen.

Cap. 82. To explain and amend an ad, parted in the thirty-fix rh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for amending, and reducing into one aft of parliament, two feveral dfts, pafid in the thirty-fourth and thirty ■fifth years of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for the better ordering the militia of the city ^/London, and for further regulating the trained bands or militia of the faid city.

Cap. 83. For transferring to the commiftioners for auditing the publick accounts, the duties now performed in the offices of the auditors of the land revenue; and for direding the mode of attefting the accounts of the paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces.

Cap. 84. To enable the lords commiftioners of the treafury to contrad with the mart noble Charles duke of Richmond, for the abfolute purchafe of the property of the faid duke, and all others interefted, in a certain duty of .twelve-pence per chaldron

on

(Publick General) 39 GEO. III.

on coals fhipped in the river Tyney to be confumed in England, and to grant a compenfarion for the fame, by way of annuity, payable out of the confolidated fund.

Cap. 85. To protect mailers againft embezzlements by their clerks or fervams.

Cap. 86. For afcertaining the rate of duty to be paid for retail fpirit licences; and for authorifing the juftices of the peace for any county to grant licences to fell ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, in cities and places where a fufficient number of ma-giftrates cannot be found qualified to grant fuch licences.

Cap. 87. For enabling his Majefiy to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation, of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provifion, without payment of duty, to continue in force until fix weeks from the commencement of the next fefiion of parliament.

Cap. 88. For erediing the county of Edinburgh into a fepa-rate diftridf, for the purpofe of regulating the importation and exportation of corn.

Cap. 89. For regulating the manner in which the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, fhall hire and take up fhips for their regular fervice.

Cap. 90. To amend two acls, pafied in the twenty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to the militia of the counties of Middlefex and Surrey; and for applying certain monies remaining in the hands of the clerks to the deputy lieutenants of the county of Middlefex, and other perfons, towards the completing of the laid militia.

Cap. 91. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by lottery.

Cap. 92. For altering the period of making up the annual * account of the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

Cap. 93. To repeal fo much of an adt, pafied in the feventh year of the reign of queen Anne^ and alfo fo much of an act, pafied in the feventeenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, as puts an end to the forfeiture of inheritances upon attainder of treafon, after the death of the pretender and his fons.

Cap. 94. To afeertain the falary of the mafter and worker of his Majefty’s mint.

Cap. 95. To permit goods the produce of any foreign colony in America, imported directly from thence in any fhip or vefiel belonging to the fubjedts of any country or place in amity with his Majefty, to be entered and landed without payment of the duty granted by an a61 of the laft fefiion of parliament, for the better protedlion of the trade of this kingdom.

Cap. 96. To enable Matthew Boulton, engineer, to export the machinery neceflary for eredoing a mint in the dominions of his imperial Majefty, the emperor of all the RuJ/ias.

Cap. 97. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called Englandr, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-nine,

Cap. qS*

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 98. To allow the importation of Spanijh wool, in (hips belonging to countries in amity with his Majefty.

Cap, 99. To encourage the trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient mode of performing quarantine, and for reducing the duty granted by an adt of the laft feffion, on. goods the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any place within the (heights of Gibraltar.

Cap. 100. To revive and continue, until the end of the next feffion of parliament, an acl, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for the more effectual encouragement of the Britifh fifty eries; and to amend an adt, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for extending the fifheries, and improving the fea coaft of this kingdom.

Cap. 101. To continue feveral laws relating to the further fupport and encouragement of the fifheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred, and to the difcontinuing the duties payable on the importation of tallow, hog’s Jard, and greafe until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and fix.

Cap. 102. To revive and continue, until the firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and one, the bounties granted by an adt, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for encouraging the fifheries carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, from Great Britain and Ireland, and the Britifh dominions in Europe.

Cap. 103. For making allowances in certain cafes to fubaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

Cap. 104. To amend an adt, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An aft to enable his Majefty to grant commifftons to a certain number of foreign pro-t eft ants, who have ferved abroad as officers or engineers, to aft and rank as officers or engineers in America only, under certain rejiric-tions and qualifications.

Cap. 105. To continue and amend fo much of an adi, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as permits fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, to carry on the manufadture of Maidftone geneva.

Cap. 106. For the reduction of the militia forces, at the time and in the manner therein limited for enabling his Majefty more effedlually to increafe his regular forces, for the vigorous profecution of the war; and for amending the laws relating to the militia.

Cap. 107. For granting to his Majefty certain ftamp duties on bills of exchange and promiftbry notes for fmall Turns of money.

Cap. 108. To amend and render more effectual feveral adts for the redemption and purchafe of the land tax.

Cap. 109. For better recruiting the forces of the Eaft India company.

Cap. no. For the augmentation of the Hilaries of the judges

of

(.Publick Local fc? Perfonal) 39 GEO. III.

of the courts in Wejlminfter Hall, and alfo of the lords of feffion, lords commiffioners of jufticiary, and barons of exchequer, in Scotland; and for enabling his Majefty to grant annuities to per-Tons in certain offices in the faid courts of Wejlminfter Hall, on their refignation of their refpedive offices.

Cap. 111. To permit, until the firft day of Augujl one thoufand eight hundred and two, the importation of certain naval ftores from Hamburgh, and other ports of Germany.

Cap. 112. To enable his Majefty, by order in council, to permit, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, fuch goods as {hall be fpecified in fuch order to be imported into this kingdom, in neutral (hips.

Cap. 113. To enable fuch perfons as his Majefty may be pleafed to appoint to the office of chief juftice, or of one of the juftices of either bench, or of chief baron, or one of the barons of the exchequer, to take upon themfelves the degree of a fei> jeant at law in vacation.

Cap. 114. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the confolidated fund, for applying certain fums of money therein mentioned, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; and for further appropriating the fuppiies granted in this feffion of parliament.

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

I* A N ad to enable Thomas Courts efquire, banker, to make a communication between his buildings on the oppofite fides of William Street, in the parifh of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the city and liberty of Wejlminfter, by a covered pafiage to to be built over the faid ftreet.

2.	An ad to amend and render more efFedual an ad, palled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for rebuilding the pier of Margate in the IJle of Thanet in the county of Kent; and for other purpofes mentioned in the faid ad.

3.	An ad for making and maintaining the road from or near Whiteburn in the county of Berwick to the town of Kelfo in the county of Roxburgh, to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

4.	An ad for the better relief and employment af the poor of the pari Ih of Saint Bridget, other wife Saint Bride, Fleet Street, in the city of London.

5.	An ad: for explaining, amending, and rendering more ef-fedual, feveral ads, pafled in the ninth, fifteenth, twenty-fixtb, and thirty-fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

6.	An ad to enable the lords of the manor of Brixham, in the county of Devon, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild, the pier or quay at Brixham S{uay% within the faid manor, to improve the harbour

there,

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

A TABLE of the STATUTES

there, to regulate the moorings of veffels therein, and to eftablifh a market there.

7.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the arable lands, intermixed paftures, open fields, half year lands, commons, and waPce grounds, within the parifh of IJpton, in the county of Norfolk, and fuch parts of the open fields, called Upton Field and Fijhley Crofts, as lie in the parilh of Fifhley, in the faid county, and for draining the fame.

8.	An a61 for rendering more effeftual an aft, paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled., An act for making ancl keeping in repair a road or pajfage for horfes, on the

banks of the river Severn, between Bewdley Bridge and a place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrook Dale, for haling and draiving vejfeh along the faid river ^ and for other purpofes therein-mentioned.

9.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two feveral afts, the one made and paffed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the other in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Knarefbrough, in the county of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldfbrough Fields, Flax by, Allerton Maul ever er, and Scate Moor, to Greenhammerton, in the fame county, and for making the fame a high carriage road.

10.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of three feveral afts, paffed in the fourteenth and twenty-fixth years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the roads from Don-cafer, through Ferrybridge, to the fouth fide of Tadcajler Crofs, and alfo from Ferrybridge to JVetherby, and from thence to Bo-ronghbridge, in the couny of York, fo far as fame relate to the road between Ferrybridge and IVether try, and from thence to Borough-bridge.

11.	An aft to continue for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and for enlarging the powers of an act, made in the eighteenth year cf the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Eve foam Bridge, in the borough of Evefham, in the county of IVor teller, to The Globe Inn in Ale eft er, in the county of Warwick.

12.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the* term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the towns of Nottingham and Derby, fo far as relates to the road leading from Chappel Bar, near the weft end of the town of Nottingham, to Saint Marys Bridge in the town of

Derby$

Hosted by Google

(Publick Local & Perfonal) 39 GEO. III.

Derby, and from the guide poft in die parifh of Lenton to Sow ley Ferry.

13.	An aft to continue, for the term of-twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and for altering and enlarging the powers, of an aft, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the county of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the county of Hertford.

14.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and increafing, altering, and enlarging the powers, of two feve-ral afts, palled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majefty Xing George the Second, and in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the weft end of the town of Bur ton-up on-Trent, in the county of Stafford, through the faid town, to the fouth end of the town of Derby, in the county of Derby.

15.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, pailed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from the market houfein the town of Much Wenlock, and from Gleeton Hill to Creffage, in the county of Salop,

16.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an aft, palled in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from The Birges Brook to Buildwas Bridge and from thence to join the Wailing Street turnpike road at Tern Bridge, in the county of Salop, fo far as relates to the laft-mentioned road.

17.	An aft to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of1 parliament, the term, 'and toamend the powers, of an aft, palled in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from Gofport, through Far eh dm and Wickham, to Bijhop's Waltham, and from Wickham aforefaid, to Chawton Pond.s in the pari 111 of Chawton, all in the county of Southampton.

18.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term and powers of two afts, paiTed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the eaft end of the town of Hertford, in the county of Hertford, through Watt on, to Broadwater, and from the town of Ware, through Wat ton, to the north end of the town of Walkern, in the faid county.

19.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term* and altering and enlarging the powers, of feveral afts, pafted in

Hosted by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

the eleventh year of King George the Firft, the fixth and twenfy-iixth years of his late Majefty, and in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the roads from the parifh of Enfield, in the county of Middlefex, to the town of Hertford, and from the end of the town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware in the county of Hertford\ and other roads in the faid ads mentioned.

20.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two ads, pafTed in the fecond and twenty-fecond years of the reign of his prelent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Weyhill, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Lydeway, in the county of Wilts.

21.	An ad for continuing for. twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of three feveral ads, pafTed in the fourteenth and twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to thejoad from Selby to Leeds, in the weft riding of the county of York.

22.	An ad for repairing the feveral roads in the counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh, to continue in force for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

23.	An ad to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term and powers of two ads, palled in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for building a bridge over the river Lea, at or near a place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening roads from thence into the great roads at Snarefbrook in the county of Effix, and at Clapton in the county of Middlefex.

24.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two ads, pafled in the third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in* repair the road from Kirkby Kendall, in the county of Wefimorland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the county of Lancofier.

25.	An ad for more efFedually repairing and improving the roads from Manchefer, in the county palatine oiLancafer, through Oldham to Auferlands, in the parifh of Saddlewortb, in the county of York, and from Oldham to A/hton-under-Lyne, and from Oldham to the village of Royton, in the faid county palatine of Lancafer.

26.	An ad for more efFedually repairing and improving the road from Fofion Bridge, in the county of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the county of Nottingham.

27.	An ad for amending and rendering more effedual an ad, pafled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled,

Hosted by Google

(Publick Local &? Perfonal) 39 GEO. III.

tituled, An oft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Loch Gilp to Loch Crinan in the Jhire of Argyll.

28.	An ad for building a bridge over the river Severn, from or near Crejfage, in the county of Salop, to the oppoftte lhore$ and for making proper roads or avenues to and from the fame.

29.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two ads, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewjbury, to the market place in Church Stretton, and to the top of Lythwood Hilly and from Pulley Common to the maypole in Condover $ and fronfr Coleham Bridge toLongdon, and from the fifth mileftone nearLongdon^ to the turnpike gate at Cafle Pulverbatch, in the county of Salop,

30.	An ad to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and enlarge the powers, of two ads, palled in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the roads from the north end of Brown's Lane, in Great Staughton in the county of Huntingdon*, to the way pofl: near Wellingborough Bridge in the county of Northampton, and from the pound in Kimbolton to the way port near Bringtqn Bridge,, in the faid county of Huntingdon,

31.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of feveral ads, for repairing the road from the north end of Mailing Street, near the town of Lewes, and certain other roads in the county of SuJJex*

32.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an ad, palled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Neivark-upon-Lrent, in the

■ county of Nottingham, to join the turnpike road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, near the guide poft on the Fofs Road near Bingham, in the faid county of Nottingham,

33.	An ad to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, the term, and to alter, enlarge, and repeal fome of the provifions, of two ads, palled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the faid ads relate to the repairing of the roads from an intrenchment on AJkerwellHill, through Bridport to Penn Inn, from Bridport to Beaminjler, from the north end of the fouth ftreet of Bridport Harbour, from the north turnpike gate at Bea-minfer to Beaminjler Wood\ otherwife Wood Common, and to Len-ham’s Water, all in the county oi Dor Jet.

34.	An ad for continuing for tw'enty-one yearn, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, th®

Vcl. XLII.	b	term

A TABLE of the STATUTES

term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two afts, pafled in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefty, to far as the faid afts relate to the repairing and widening the road from the north end of Dapden Wharf\ in the parith of Stokey next Guide ford, through Guldeford, to Andrew's Crofs, and to Alford Bars, in the county of Surrey, and from thence to New Bridge, in the county of Suffix.

35.	An aft to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and to alter and enlarge the powers of an aft, paffed in the nineteenth year of the feign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from Gander-Lane in the county of Derby, to Sheffield in the county of York, and from Mojbrough-Green to Clown, both in the faid county of Derby.

36.	An aft tor better fupplying the town and port of Liverpool t with water, from certain fprings in the town (hi,p of Bootle in the

county palatine of Laneafter.

‘	37. An aft for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from

thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two feveral afts, the one pafled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, and the other in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for amending and keeping in repair'the^road leading from the north-eaft corner of Nuffield Common, by the pari(h church of Nuffield, otherwife Tuffield, in the county of Oxford, through Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon, in the county of Berks.

38.	An aft for altering, enlarging, and repealing fome of the provilionsin an aft, pafled in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for repairing feveral roads leading from the town of Taunton, and other roads adjoining thereto, in the county of Somerfet; and alfo for extending the provifions of the faid aft, to a road from Tucker's Gate, in the parifh oi Lyng, to piper's Inn, in the parifti of AJhcoit, in the faid county of Somerfet,

39.	An aft for continuing for thirty-eight years, and rentier-~ing more effeftual feverai afts for charging a duty of two pennies

Scots (or one iixth part of a penny fleriing) on every pint of ale and beer vended or fold within the towns of Port Glafgow and Newark, and privileges thereof.

40.	An aft for continuing for thirty-eight years, and render- * ing more effeftual an aft palled in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for continuing the duty of twopennies Scots, or one nxth part of a penny fterling, on every pint of ale and beer vended or fold within the city of Glafgow and village of Gorbals, and liberties and privileges thereof.

41.	An aft for better regulating and employing the poor, and for more effeftually watching the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and other places, within that part of the parifti of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the bars, in the county of Middlefex, and the j>ari(h of Saint George the Martyr, in the faid county.

42.	An

Hosted by C 3gle

(PubUck Local & Perfonal) 39 GfiO. IIL

4^. An a & fbi* the better and more effectual relief and employment of the poor in the hundred of Sanford, in the courit'v of Suffolk.

43.	An acfl for more effectually repairing and amending the road leading from Long Horfelcy Bar or Gate, on the poft road hear the town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horfeley, Weldon Bridge, and Wbittingham, to the river Breamijh, and from thence to Piercy's Croft, in the county of Northumberland, to continue in force for twenty one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

44.	An adf to amend two adls, made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for enlarging and improving the harbour of Leith,

45. ^ An	for explaining and amending two adfs, paffed in the thirty-firft and thirtyffecond years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the roads from Livingjlone, by the kirk of Shotisy to the city of Glafgoiv, and other roads therein mentioned.

46.	An a£f for making and repairing the road from Dunkeld to Coupar of Angus, by the bridge of If a, and the road leading out of the road between Dunkeld and Perth to the Boat at Ctf-puth, by or through the village of Stanley in the county of Perth* to continue in force for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

47.	An a6t for continuing for twenty-one years', and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of two aefis, the one paffed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the other in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the town-of Loughborough to Af)by-deAa-Zoucb, in the county of Leicejler; and for repairing and widening the road, branching out of the faid road at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rcmpfon, in the counties of Leicefer and Nottingham.

48.	An a6t for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill, in the parifh ok Melfkfoam, through Googe's Lane, Corfham, Biddejlonc, and Wejl Tatton. to the turnpike road at Upper Coombe, in the pari lit of Caflle Coornbe, in the county of Wilts.

49.	An act for more effectually repairing, widening, ajtering, and improving the road at or near Beckbampton, and from the north fide of Swindon to the Carpenter's Arms in Blunfclen, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the county of JViits.

50.	An at for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and amending the powers, of three feveral aefts, paffed in the twenty fifth, twehty-feventb, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second,

b %	for

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

A TABLE of the STATUTES

for repairing and widening the road leading from Market Hqr~ borough, in the county of Leicefter, to the pound in the parifti of

Brampton, in the county of Huntingdon.

51.	An ad for more effedually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from Gate fa ad., in the county of Durham, to the Church Lane near Ryton Lane Head, and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham turnpike road, near DiL fan Bar, in the county of Northumberland, and alfo feveral other roads therein defcribed, lying within the faid counties.

52.	An ad for more effedually repairing and improving the road from Skipton, in the county of York, to Clitheroe, in the county of Lancajler.

53.	An ad for building a bridge over the river Tweed, at or near the town of Kelfo, in the county of Roxburgh.

54.	An ad for vetting part of the fettled ettates of the right honourable John lord Rolle in truftees, to fell or exchange the fame, and purchafe, or take in exchange, other ettates to be fettled in lieu thereof to the fame ufes.

55i An ad for vetting certain ettates in Tokenhoufe Yard, in the city of London, in the truftees of the other fettled ettates of the marquis of Lanfdoivn and the right honourable John Henry Petty, commonly called Earl of Wycombe, in truft to be fold, and for laying out the monies arifing from the fale in the manner therein direded ; and for empowering the faid truftees of the faid fettled ettates to apply the monies arifing from the fale of any part thereof in the manner therein direded*, and for difcharging the faid fettled ettates from a rent charge of five hundred pounds given to James Petty efquire, and the heirs male of his body, by the will of Henry formerly earl of Shelburne, deceafed.

56.	An ad for vetting part of the fettled ettates of Simon Payne efquire, and Hefler his wife, in the county of Gloucefter, in truftees, to be exchanged for part of their unfettled ettates, in the county of Somerfet.

57.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and encloling, a certain trad or parcel of common, watte, and marfli grounds, called Thornton Marjh, within the feveral pari foes of Poulton and Bifp-hams in the county palatine of Lancajler.

58 An ad for regulating the rates of porterage to be taken by innkeepers and other perfons, within the cities of London and JVejlminjler, the borough of Southwark, and places adjacent.

59.	An ad to enlarge the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of feveral acts, relating to the harbour of Liverpool; and for making two additional wet docks and piers in or near the port of Liverpool; and for rendering more fafe and commodious the faid port and docks.

60.	An ad for authorising the company of proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon canal navigation to vary the courfe of certain parts of the faid canal, direded to be made by an ad, patted in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majetty, and alfo to made a branch out of the faid canal, and alfo to vary tfee. courfe of a navigable cut direded to be made from the faid.

.	Stratford

Hosted by Google

(Publick Local & Per final) 39 GEO. III.

Stratford upon Avon canal, in the parijfh of Lapworth, into tnd Warwick and Birmingham canal, in the manor of Kingfwood, in the county of Warwick, by another ad, paffed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and for amending the faid ads.

61.	An ad for paving the footways, and for cleanfing, lighting, and regulating, the ftreets, lanes, and other publick paffages and places, within the town of Trowbridge, in the county of Wilts; and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, and obftrudions, therein.

62.	An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, the term, ahd altering and enlarging the powers, of an ad, pafied in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, intituled, An act for enlarging the term and powers of three afts, paffed in the firft, ni?ithy and twenty-fecond, years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the road leading from the honfe called The Sign of the Bells, in the parijh of Saint Margaret, in Rochefter, to Maid-*"

{tone, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent.

63.	An ad for more efFedually repairing and improving the road from The Green Man, in the chapelry of Seend, in the county of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to Beckingtoin the county of Somerfet, and feveral other roads communicating with, or lying near to, the faid road ; and for making and maintaining certain pieces of new road in Trotvbridge aforefaid.

'64. An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers of an ad, paffed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for repairing, widening, altering,■ diverting, and turning the road from Ardwick Green, near Manchefter, in the county of Lan-cafter, to the bridge at the corn mills at Wilmflow, in the county of Chefter.

65.	An ad to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an ad, paffed in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled*

An aft for more ejfeftually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads therein mentioned, leading from a gate-, in the town and county of Poole, called Poole Gate ; and for repealing two aftts of parliament, of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of his late ~Ma~ jefiy, relating to the faid roads; and alfo for applying a certain fum of money therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain jlreet or way within the faid tozvn and county.

66.	An ad to empower the right honourable Henry earl Fau-conberg to charge his fettled effaces in the counties of York and Chefter with the futn of fifteen thoufand pounds, in lieu of the right of him the faid Henry earl Fauconberg, and the other tenants for life of the faid eftates, to cut down timber growing thereon ; mad to grant building leafes of Inch parts of the laid fettled

fe 3	eftates

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES ,

eftates as are near, or adjoining to, the town of Macclesfield, in the laid county of Chefter \ and for vefting the manor and other hereditaments of and in Sutton in the Forefl, in the faid county of York, other part of the faid fettled eftates, in truftees, in truft to fell the lame, and, out of the money arifing from the fale thereof, to discharge the incumbrances on the faid fettled eftates.

67.	An ad for more eafily effectuating the fale of part of the freehold eftates late of James Duberly efquire, deceafed, and for applying the clear monies to arife therefrom upon the trufts of the marriage fettlements of his five daughters.

68.	An a<51 for vefting the fee fimple of feveral eftates in the county of Chejler, (devifed by the will of Philip Egerton efquire, deceafed, to a truftee for a term of years, for the purpofe of dif-charging his debts, with remainder to the ufes therein mentioned), in truftees, to be fold for difcharging the faid debts, and to lay out the furplus (if any) of the monies arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of lands to be fettled to the fame ufes.

69.	An ad for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the port of London.

70.	An ad for enabling the Gtirnjby haven company tofinifh and complete the navigation of the faid haven, and for amending an ad, palled in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving, the haven of the town and port of Great Grimjby, in the county of Lincoln.

71.	An ad for empowering the company of proprietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation to repay, into the court of exchequer in Scotland, the fum advanced to them for the purpofe of comr pleting the faid navigation ; for repealing fo much of an ad, of the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the faid company; and for enabling the barons of tlie faid court of exchequer to advance part of the fum fo to be received to the company of proprietors of the Crinan Canal, on certain conditions.

72.	An ad for fettling the right of patronage or prefentation of or to the new chapel of Cradley, in that part of the parifti of Halefowen which lies in the county and diocefe of JVorceJhr, and for other purpofes.

73.	An ad for making and maintaining a tunnel, or road, under the fiver Thames, from or near to the town of Gravejend, in the county of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of EJfiex.

74.	An ad for making a new ftreet from the haymarket into Charles Street, St. James's Square, within the cky and liberty of

IVcJbninjhr.

75.	An ad for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the’ road leading from Cheadle, through Alveton, to the Uttoxeter and AJhborne turnpike road, at or near Ahnckjhill Bank \ and alio the road leading from the Stone and Uttoxeter turnpike road, at Bear's Brook, through Hollington, to the faid Uttoxeter and Ajhborne turnpike road5 at or near the Churnet Bridge Tit Ro7

Hosted by Google

(Publick Local & Perfonal) 39 GEO. III.

zeffer, in the county of Stafford, to continue in force for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

76.	An ad to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term and powers of an ad, pa fled in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled. An aft for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road, in the par iff of AflhalJ, in the county of Oxford, to the turnpike road at or near Buckland, in the county of Berks.

77.	An ad: for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers, of three ads, pafled in the fourth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, and in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for repairing the roads leading from the moft fouthern part oi Butt Lam, in the parifh of Lawton, in the county palatine of Chefler, to Lawton, and from thence to Hen-JhalPs Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the faid county.

78.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and fram thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, thetewm, and altering the powers, of an ad, made in the feventeenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for repairing the road from the town, of Skipton to the turnpike road from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the townfhip of Bilton with Harrowgate, and from thence to the road leading from Knarefborough to Wether by, in the weft riding of the county of York.

79.	An ad for enabling William Stephen Royntz efquire, and the honourable Elizabeth Mary his wife, to charge the eftates late of the right honourable George Samuel lord vifcount Mon* tague deceafed, in the county of Suffex, with a competent fum of money for improving the fame, and for other purpofes.

' 80. An ad for confirming and rendering effedual a partition and diviiion between the late honourable Penn Asffeton Quezon deceafed, and the right honourable Thomas lord Ribblejdale (then Thomas Lifer efquire) of the redory of JVhalley, and of the chapels, glebe lands, mefluages, tenements, tythes, obventions, profits, and hereditaments thereto belonging, now held under a leafefrom the lord archbifhop of Canterbury, and for that pur-pofe to enable the faid lord archbifhop and his fucceflors, ht all times hereafter, to grant the faid redory and premifes by two feveral leafes, according to the faid partition and diviflon.

81.	An ad for veiling a piece of ground and hereditaments in the pari ill of Saint Mary Woolnoth, in the city of London, belonging to the parifn of Saint Mary le Bow, in Abraham Robarts, William Curtis, Ellis Were, and Charles Horny old, of the faid City of London, bankers and co-partners, in fee firnple, upon payment of the fum of one thoufand three hundred and fifty pounds, upon truft, to be applied in the manner therein mentioned, for the fupport of a, ledurer, and for better regulating the appointment of the faid ledurer.

b 4 ,	82.	An

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

82.	An aft to amend an aft, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for erefting a building for holding the courts, and exercifing the jurifdiftion, of the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter, in Wejl-minjlei\ and for holding the quarter fefiions of the peace, and tranfafting the other publick bufinefs of the faid city and liberty.

83.	An 2ft for enabling his Majefty to incorporate, by charter, a company to be called The Globe Infurance Compaq^ for in-furance on lives, and againft lofs or damage by fire, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1.	A N aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the whole JT\ year lands, common fields, half year or (hack lands, commons, 3nd wafte lands, within the parifh of Shropham, in the county of Norfolk.

2.	An aft to enable Thomas full\ of Afl), next Sandwich^ in the county of Kent, efquire, and his iflue, to aflume and take the furname of Godfrey only, and to bear the arms and crefts of the Godfreyspurfuaot to the direftions contained in a codicil to the will of Thomas Godfrey,, late of London, merchant, deceafed.

3.	An aft for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hennings.

4.	An aft for naturalizing John Roger Tfckemacher.

5.	An aft for naturalizing Herrnenegild Augnflus Mar id Cafel-lain.

6.	An aft for naturalizing John Alexander Martin.

7.	An aft for naturalizing John Everard Hey man.

8.	An aft for naturalizing Anthony Schick.

q. An aft for naturalizing John Laivrence Gries.

10.	An aftc for naturalizing Adolphus Kent.

11.	An aft for naturalizing Johann George TfAcke.

12.	An aft for diffolving the marriage of Edward Jervis Ricketts efquire, with the honourable Caffandra Twifeton, and to enable him to marry again; 2nd tor other purpofes therein mentioned.

13.	An aft for naturalizing Pierre Jacques Papillon and Pierre Francois Papillon.

14.	An aft for naturalizing George Chrifopher Moiler.

15.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Mole [worth, in the county of Huntingdon.

16.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and wafte grounds, within the pari fit of Rackheatb, in the county

' of Norfolkf

37.	An

Hosted by Google

(Private)39 GEO. III.

17.	An aft for dividing and allotting certain wade lands, and open and common fields, within the parifhes of Leintwardine, Burrington, Downion, Afton, and Elton, in the county of Hereford• i8» An adt for dividing and allotting feveral open and common lands and grounds, within the tithing of Oare9 in the in the parifhes of Wilcot and Huifh, in the county of Wilts.

19.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Re?nenbam, in the county of Berks.

20.	An adt for confirming and eftablifhing a divifion and inclofure of the open and common fields and paftures, within the manors or lord (hips of Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the parifh of Nether Seal, in the counties of Leicejler and Derby, or one of them, and certain exchanges of lands and eftates within the faid parifh.

21.	An adt to diflblve the marriage of TVillia?n Williams with Mary Charlotte his now wife, late Mary Charlotte Willis, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

22.	An adt for naturalizing Godfrey Bitterman.

23.	An adt for naturalizing Salomon Lange.

24.	An adt for naturalizing Chrijlian John Adam With.

25.	An adt for naturalizing George Bong.

26. An adt for naturalizing	Philip Marindin.

27. An adt for naturalizing	De Luc.

28.	An adt for naturalizing JuJlin Eliza Ccefar Audra.

29.	An adt for naturalizing Adrien Charles Papillon.

30.	An adt for naturalizing Lorents Braun.

31.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields, half year or (hack lands, warrens or reputed warrens, commons, heaths, commonable lands, and wade grounds, within the parifhes of Hevingham and Marjham, in the county of Norfolk; and for extinguifhing ail rights of fheepwalk, fhackage, and common, in, over, and upon, all the lands and grounds within the faid parifhes.

32.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the commons and wafie lands within the manor of Bromfgrove, in the county of Worcejler.

33.	An adt to difiolve the marriage of William Henry Rickets efquire, with the right honourable lady Elizabeth Jane Lambart, and to enable him to marry again • and for other purpofes therein pientioned.

34.	An adt for naturalizing John Gabriel Migau'lt.

35.	An adt for naturalizing John Daniel Humbert.

36.	An adt tor naturalizing Charis Henry Rigaud.

37.	An adt for naturalizing Francis Henry ChrijUn.

38.	An adt for veiling certain parts of the lands and barofty of Craigiehally lying in the county of Linlithgow, and compriled in the deed of entail executed by the deceafed Sophia marchionefs of Annqndale, wit!} confent of William marquis of Annan dale, her

hufbandj

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

hufband, upon the thirty-firft July, one thoufand feven hundred and eight; and alfo for veiling certain parts and parcels of the lands and barony of Leny\ lying in the county of Edinburgh, and comprifed in a difpofition and deed of entail thereof, dated the third November one thoufand feven hundred and forty-fix, granted by hr Robert Myrton, of Gogar, baronet, with confent therein mentioned in trurtees, in trull, to fell or exchange the fame, and invert the money arifing from fuch fale in the pur-chafe or exchange of other lands to be fettled and fecured to, the fame feries of heirs, and under the fame conditions and limitations as are contained in the aforefaid deeds of entail ; and for verting \w William Hope Weir efquire, of Craigiehall and Blocks wood, and the fame feries of heirs, in fee tail, certain other parts of the faid lands, baronies, and others.

39.	An acl for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, downs, waftes, and other commonable lands, within the feveral hamlets or tithing's of Berrington, Broad Campden, and We/iington, in the parifh of Chipping Camp den, in the county of Gloucejler.

40.	An a6l for- dividing, allotting, and inclofing, a certain tradl or piece of commonable land called Leigh Common, fituate in the tything of Leighy in the parifh of Tetminjler, in the county of Dorfet.

41.	An a£t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain moors, commons, or walte lands, lying and being within the manor and parifh of Clevedon, in the county of Somerfet.

42.	An a <51 for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the whole year lands, fen lands, heaths, commons, and wade grounds, within the parifh of Kenninghall, in the county of Norfolk,

43.	An a£l for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the iammas meadows, fen grounds, commons, and warte lands, within the parifhes of BreJJingbam and Fersfield, in the county of Norfolk, and for extinguifning all rights of common, fheepwalk, and fhackage, in, over, and upon, all the lands and grounds within the faid parifhes.

44.	An for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open common fields, common downs, and all commonable places and wafie lands, in the parifh of Eajlon, in the county of Southampton.

45.	An acl to amend, and render more effedfual, the power of exchange in an acl, parted in the thirty*feventh year of his preferu Majefty’s reign^ intituled, An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, wajle lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the par if0 of Sou thill, in the county of Bedford.

46.	An a<rt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common fields, commons, and warte grounds, within the parifh of Great Ellingham, in the county of Norfolk.

47.	An a<51 for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common-

able

Hosted by Google

(Private) 39 GEO. III.

able lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifh and manor of

Horton, in the county of Buckingham.

48.	An a6t to diflolve the marriage of the moft honourable John James marquis of Abercorn, with the moft honourable Cecil Hamilton his now wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

49.	An a<5t to diflolve the marriage of John Stanton with Sarah Wright, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

50.	An a£f for naturalizing Catherine Naffau.

51.	An a£l for naturalizing Henry von dem Bufch.

52.	An acft for naturalizing Diederick Arnold Bielfeld.

53.	An a<5t for naturalizing Henry Berthoud.

54.	An a6i for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain com* mons, wafte lands, and commonable places, within the manors of For fields Bromhilly Bellbroughton, and Brians Bell, in the parifh of Bellbroughton, in the county of Worcester.

55.	An a£f for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons, wafte lands, and commonable places, within the parifh of Rowley Regis, in the county of Stafford.

56.. An ad for vefting divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Bucks] entailed by the will of John late duke of Bedford in Francis duke of Bedford, in fee fimple, and for fettling other eftates in the faid county of greater value in lieu thereof.

57.	An a6f for vefting part of the fettled eftates of Robert Clutterbuck efquire, in truftees, to be fold, and for applying part of the money arifing therefrom, under the direction of the court of chancery, in manner, and for the purpofes therein mentioned, and for laying out the refidue in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame ufes.

58.	An a<ft for confirming, and rendering etfedtual, a partition between Lewis John Marie Hauffoullier efquire, and Tryphena 'Drift fpinfter, an infant, of divers manors, boroughs, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Devon,

59.	An a6t for empowering the judges of the court of fefiion in Scotland to fell fuch part or parts of the^ eftate of Ma*• fhermdre, in the ftewartry of Kircudbright, which belong to Patrick Dunbar, late of Machermore, efquire, as fhall be fufticient for the payment of the debts of the (aid Patrick Dunbar, and his predeceffors, and the fums with which he charged the faid eftate.

60.	An a 61 for dividing a no inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other common** able lands and grounds, within the liberties and precindfs ot Greens Norton, and hamlet of Duncott, in the parifh of Greens Norton, ip the county of Northampton.

61.	An a61 for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, meadows, downs, marlhes, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Charlton MarJhall, in the county pf Dorftt,

62, An

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

6fc. An a& for dividing and inclofing the commons and c’bm* monable lands in the parifh of Mapowdef, in the county of Dorfet.

63.	An a£t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open common fields, ings, marfh, and wafte grounds, within the towrt-(hip of Hirft Courtney, in the parifli of Bitkin, in the weft riding of the county of York.

64.	An a£t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, in the parifli of Purton, otherwife Puritan, in the county of Wilis.

65.	An a£t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, all the commons and wafte lands and grounds within the parifh of Church Staunton, in the county of Devon.

66.	An a<5t for dividing, allotting, and iriclofing, the open and common fields, and common or commonable meadows, pastures, lands, and grounds, and common or wafte lands, within the parifh of Sherborne, in the county of Warwick.

67.	An a£t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common fields, half year or (hack lands, common meadows, heaths, commonable lands, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh pf Honington, in the county of Suffolk.

68.	An a6f for confirming and eftablifhing the divifion, allotment, and inclofure, of certain whole year lands, cdmmon fields, half year or fhack lands, commons, and wafte grounds, in the pariih of Ranworth, in the county of Norfolk.

69.	An act for dividing, allotting, and otherwife improving, feveral ftinted moors, ftinted paftures, waftes, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the park and foreft of Wear-dale, in the parifh of Stanhope, in the county of Durham.

70.	An act for dividing and inclofing the commons, wafte grounds, and mofle>, within the town and hamlet of Ulverfione, in the parifh of ZJlverfone, in the county palatine of Lancaffer.

71.	An a6t for dividing, allotting', and inclofing, the commons and wafte grounds, and ftinted paftures, within the hamlet of Moor gate, in the parifh of Clarbrough, in the county of Nottingham.

72.	An a£f for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain moors, commons, and wafte lands, lying and being within the parifhes of South Brent and Lympjham, in the county of So-tnerfet.

73.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the commons and wafte lands within the manor of Water Eaton, in the county of Stafford.

74.	An adf for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the townfhip and liberty of Harworth, in the county of

Nottingham.

75.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common lammas meadow's, and a certain common called Chfftjiint Common, within the parifh of Chejhunt, in the county of Hertford.

'	76.	An

Hosted by Google

(Private) 39 GEO, HI.

76.	An aft for diyiding and allotting the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifhes

of Stratford-wder-the-Cajile and Milford, in the county of Wilts.

77.	An a61 to diffolve the marriage of Shuldham Peard efquire, with Elizabeth his now wife, late Elizabeth Bligh, and to enable

to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned,

78.	An act to diffolve the marriage of John Yh croton clerk, with Elizabeth his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

79.	An aft for naturalizing Maria Grofchner, otherwife Huntley.

80.	An aft for naturalizing Simeon Jacob Charles Collot jyEfcury.

81.	An aft for naturalizing William Conrad Korff.

82.	An aft for naturalizing Abraham Zimon Doncker Culvelje,

83.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the opet) arable fields, open meadows, common paftures, common grounds, and wafte grounds, in the townfhip of Grajihorpe, in the county of Nottingham.

84.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte lands* within the parifhes of Houghton and South Stoke, in the county of Suffex.

85.	An aft for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields and ftinted paftures within the townfhip of Long Prefton, in the parifh of Long Prefiony in the weft riding of the county of York; and for embanking and draining feveral parcels of ground within the fame townfhip, called Long Prefton lags.

86.	An aft for dividing and' inclofing a moor or common called Knayton Moor, and other wafte lands, .within the townfhip of Knayionj and parifti of Leek, in the north riding of the county of York.

87.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common fields, undivided enclofures, commons, wafte grounds, and commonable places, within the townftiips of Sandall Magna, Walton, and Criggleftone, in the parifh of Sandall Magna, in the weft riding of the county of York.

88.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable and wafte lands, grounds, and places, within the hamlet of Walton, in the parifh of Aylejbuny, in the county of Buckingham.

89.	An aft for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and improving, divers open and common fields, common .meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the feveral parilhes of Lyddington vaith Caldecott and Uppingham^ m the county of Rutland^ anchalfo a common or wafte within the fame county, called Uppingham Brand; and for extinguifhing all the tythes arifing within the lame pariflies, and all the deer ferowfe and rights of common upon Beaumont Chace> in the fame

county 1

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTE’S.

county; and making a compenfation for fuch tythes and common: rights refpedively.

90.	An ad to amend an ad, pafled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for dividing and inclofing the open fields and common in the townfhip of Althorpe, in the county of Lincoln, and for draining the fame and certain inclofed lands within the faid townfhip.

91.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields, commons, waftes, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Carlton cum Willingham, in the county of Cambridge, and for extinguifhing the tythes in the fame parifh.

92.	An ad: for veiling part of the fettled eftate of Richard Long efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be conveyed purfuant to articles entered into for the fale thereof, and for applying the money arifing therefrom for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned.

93.	An ad for veiling the inheritance in fee fimple of part of the fettled eftates of iir Henry Every baronet, in trullees, in truft to make fale thereof, and to apply the money produced by fuch fale, or a competent part thereof, in payment and difcharge of divers debts, charges, and incumbrances, affeding the fame, and to invell: the furplus of fuch money, (if any fuch fhall be) in the purchafe of other lands or hereditaments to be fettled to the fame ufes.

•	94, An ad for effeding an exchange of lands between the

truftees of the free grammar fchool in IVatton under Edge, in the county of Gloucejler, and Nicholas O-wen Smythe Owen efquire.

95.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the arable lands, intermixed fields, meadows and paftures, commons and wafte grounds, within the refpedive manors of Pattingham and Patjhull, in the county of Stafford,

96.	An a<5t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common, fen droves, and wafte lands, in the parilh of Gojberton, in the county of Lincoln.

97.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, meadows, and paftures, within the parifhes of Yarkhilly TVefton Beggard, Dormington, with the chapelry of 'Barteftree, in the faid parifh of Dormington and Stoke Edith, with the chapelry of TVejlhide, in the faid parifh of Stoke Edith, all in the county of Hereford,

98.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the feveral moors, commons, and wade lands, lying and being within the parifh of Axbridge, in the county of Somerfet,

99.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open common fields, commons, and wafte grounds* within thq feveral manors or townfhips of Brayton, Thorp IVillowby, Burton, and Gateforth ivith Lund,, in the parifh of Brayton, in the weft riding of the county of York,

100.	An ad to divide, allot, inclofe, and improve, the feveral open fields, commons, and wafte grounds, and other open and

uninclofed

Hosted by Google

(Private) 39 GEO. III.

uninclofed lands, in the parifh of Tuxfordy in the county of Not*

tingham.

101.	An aft: for dividing, allotting, and otherwife improving, all the common fields, commons, waftes, and other common-able lands and grounds, within the manor and parifti of Ted-dington, otherwife Todingtony otherwife Tettingtony otherwife Tuddingtony in the county of Middlefex.

102.	An aft to diffolve the marriage of fir Hyde Parker knight, with Ann Botelery his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

103.	An aft to diffolve the marriage of Charles Collins Camp-bell efquire, a major in the army, with Harriett Frafer, his now* wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

104.	An aft to diffolve the marriage of John Buller, of Calcutta, in the province of Bengal^ in the Eaft Indies, efquire, with Eliza Catherine JViggensy his now wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

105.	An aft for naturalizing John Lewis Reinaud.

106.	An aft for naturalizing Philipp Fredrick Behrends.

107.	An aft for naturalizing Francis Louis count By land.

108.	An aft for enabling truftees to convey, purfuant-to 2 contraft of fale already entered into, an eftate at Charleyw&o&9 in the parifh of Rickmerfwortb, in the county of Herts, late belonging to fir David Lindfay baronet, deceafed, devifed, in ftrift fettiement, by a codicil to his will; and for laying out the money arifing therefrom in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes, with power of leafing the eftates to be fettled.

109.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and wafte lands, within the "parifhes of Kempsford and Dryfftld, is the county of Gloucjler.

no. An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons or wafte grounds within or belonging to the manor of King1 s Bromley, and alfo certain open meadows or lands within the parifh or manor of King's Bromley, aforefaid, in the county' ✓ of Stafford.

Hi. An aft of dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the feverai commons, moors, and wafte grounds within the manor of Cum-berworth, with Cumberworth Halfy in the parilhes of Silkjlone and Kirkburton., in the weft riding of the county of York.

112.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the feverai

commons, moors, and wafte grounds, within the manor of North Crofdandy in the parifh of Almondburyy in the weft riding of the county of York.	1

113.	An aft for inclofing and leafing, or letting, certain common moors and wafte-grounds lying within the townfhip of KirkheaioUy in the weft riding of the county of Yorky and applying the profits thereof in aid of the poors rate, highway rate^ and church rate, within the faid townfhip, and for confirming and eftabliftiing the divifion, allotments, and inclofure* of the

open

^	'	Hosted	by	Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

open and iminclofed fields, and alfo feveral exchanges of lands within the faid townfhip.

114.	An a& for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the feveral commons and wafte lands within the manor and townftiip of Dalton, iq the parifli of Kirkheaton, in the weft riding of the county of York.

115.	An a& for dividing and allotting the whole year or every year lands, common fields, half year or {hack lands, common meadows, heaths, warrens, fens, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifti of Worlington, in the county of Suffolk.

116.	An adl for dividing, allotting, and enclofing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, commons, and wafte grounds, within the manor and hamlet of Singleborough, in the parifli of Great Horwood, in the county of Buckingham.

117.	An adl for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, and other open and commonable lands and wafte grounds, lying in the parifhes of Gra?jtchefler and Coton, in the county of Cambridge.

118.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh and manor of Wyrardifbury, other-wife IVraifbury, in the county of Buckingba?n.

119.	An adl for naturalizing George Erck.

120.	An adt for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and laying in feveralty, the common and open fields, common meadows, commonable lands, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifli of Pampisford, La the county of Cambridge.

THE

Hosted by Google

THE

STATUTES at Large, See.

Anno regni GEORGII III. , Magnae Britannice,	Francice,et ,	/r/-

cejimo nono.	'

A T	the parliament	begun and holden at Weft-

minfter, the twelfth day of July, Anno Domini 1796, in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE ‘Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith,	And from

thence continued, by feveral pror, to the twentieth day of November 1798 ; being the thirdfefjion the eighteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An a & for fettling and fecuring a certain annuity on Horatio Nelfon, lord Nelfon, and the two next perfons to whom the title of baron Nelfon of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe, in the county of Norfolk, fhall de-feend, in confideration of the eminent fervice performed by the faid Horatio Nelfon, lordJNelfon, to his Majefty and the publick.—[December 17, 179

A life annuity of s,oool. a year fettled on lord Nelfon, and the two next fucceeding heirs to his title, to commence from Auguft i, 1798, and to be paid quarterly.

CAP. II.

An a<ft for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.—-[December 17, 1798.]

Vol. XLIL	B	CAP.

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

CAP. III.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Majejly a duty on	,

offices, and perfonal ejlates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on fugary malt, tobacco, and fnuffi, for the fervice of the year one thoujand feven hundred and ninety-nine.—[December 17, 1798.J

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.	TI THERE AS by an aft, pa fed in the thirty-eighth "year of the

38 Geo. 3.	V V reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An a6f for making

c. 60, recited# perpetual, fubje6f to redemption and purchafe in the manner therein Stated, the feveral films of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, the feveral and refpeftive fums of money granted to your Majejly by a land tax, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eighty which were or Jhould be charged on any manors, meffiuagesy lands, tenementSy or hereditamentr, in Great Britain, arey after the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, continued and ?nacle perpetual, with a provifeon that the feveral fums of money charged upon ejlates in ready money, debtSy goodsy wareSy mer-chandizeSy or perfonal eflateSy or upon any perfon or perfons in refpeft of any publick office or employment of prof t in the faid aft mentionedy Jhould\ after the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-niney be afcertainedy leviedy colleftedy and paidy according to the directions of any aft or afts to be paffied for that pur-pofe: now we, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britainy in parliament aftembled, taking into our ferious confideration fuch expences as are absolutely necefiary for fupporting your Majefty’sgovernment,andbeing refolved to Supply the fame, have for that end and purpofe chearfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this a£l give and grant, unto your Ma-jefty, the feveral and refpeftive rates, afleflments, and duties, and fums of money hereafter mentioned: and we do moft humbly be-feech your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent Rates on per- parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the fonal eftate, feveral and refpeftive Sums of money which (hall have been, or Shall be charged upon eftates in ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels or other perfonal eftate, by virtue of an aft, pafled in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent - Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majejly by a c 6oCandaIfo tax t0 ralfe^ in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one on offices, thoufandfeven hundred and ninety-eight; and which were not autho-penfions, &c, rifed to be fold in or by another a61, made and palled in the fame to be levied, thirty-eighth year aforefaid, intituled. An aft for making perpetualy ^ear1Ifr<oin ffibjeft to redemption and purchafe in the manner therein Jlatedy the March 25, feveral fums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land taxy 1799*	for

charged by 38 Geo. 3. c. 5. and not authorised to be fold by

Hosted by Google

-i798.3 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii IIL 0.3. .	3

for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thou find feven hundred and ninety-eight; and aJfo the feveral Turns of money herein-after charged in refped of any publick offices or employments, or any annuities, penfions, ftipends, or other annual payments, (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majefty, within the fpace of one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety* nine, and (hall be afeertained, affeffed, and taxed, in fuch manner and form as are herein after expreiTed.

II. And be it further enabled, That the feveral and refpedive Perfonal Turns of money which fhall have been or fnall be charged, by ekates (ex-virtue of the faid ad, on perfonal eftates as aforefaid, fhall be, and are hereby fet and impofed on the feveral and refpedive on land, parifhes, conftablewicks, divifions, allotments, and places, where- houfchold in the fame have been or fhall be fo charged by virtue of the j^anl^his faid ad; and that towards raifing the faid feveral and refpedive	to

Turns of money hereby charged on the refpedive parifhes, con- be charged, ftablewicks. divifions, allotments, and places, in England, Wales, with as much and Berwick, as aforefaid, in refped of fuch perfonal ellate as eclll?^T *s alorefaid, all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and pound^ate * corporate, guilds and fraternities, within the fame parifhes, con- for every 100I. ffablewicks, divifions, allotments, and places refpedively, having in value, any eftate in ready money, or in any debts whatfoever owing to them, within Great Britain or without, or having any eftate in goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or other perfonal eftate whatfoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in truft for them, (except and out of the premifes deduded, fuch Turns as he, fhe, or they, do bona fide owe, and fuch debts owing to them as fhall be adjudged defperate by the refpedive corn-miffioners appointed by this ad, and alfo except the ftock upon lands, and fuch goods as are ufed for houfehold fluff, and alfo except fuch loans and debts as arecr fhall be owing from his Majefty to any perfon or perfons), fhall be charged with as much equality and indifference as is poffible, by a pound rate; that is to fay, By an equal pound rate for every one hundred pounds of fuch ready money and debts, and for every one hundred pounds worth of fuch goods, wares, and merchandizes, chattels, or other perfonal eftate, and fo for any lefier or greater fum or value, for or towards the faid feveral and refpedive Turns by this ad fet or impofed, or intended to be fet or impofed, for and upon all and every fuch parifhes, conftablewicks, divilions, allotments, and places hereby charged therewith as aforefaid, fo that by the faid rates fo to be taxed or aflefTed as aforefaid, for or upon the faid ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or other perfonal eftate, according to the purport and true meaning of this prefent ad, the full and entire fums hereby fet or impofed, or intended to be fet and impofed, in England,

Wales, and Berwick, as aforefaid, upon the faid perfonal eftates, fhall be completely and efFedually taxed, aftefTed, levied, and colleded, and fhall be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s The rate to exchequer by four quarterly payments, the fir ft payment thereof terly^and^be

B 2	*°	firft payment

4	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798,

by June 24,	to be made on or before the twenty-fourth day of June which

11799•	(hall be in the year of Our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and

ninety-nine.

Offices and HI. And be it further enafted, That, for and towards railing rned°bmentS ^evera^ l*urns of 'money hereby charged on perfons in refpeft j8 Geo. 3, poblick offices or employments of profit, all and every perfon and perfons, and all and every commiffioner and commiffioners, having, uling, or exercifing, any publick office or employment of profit in England, Wales, or Berwick, as aforefaid, which is, or (hall be, rated or afiefied by virtue of an aft, paffed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled.

c. 5. (military offices of the army or navy ex. cepted ), to

pay the rate	_	w

afiefied there- aft for granting an aid to bis Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed on^under that -n Great Britain, for the fey-vice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and all and every their clerks, agents, fecondaries, fubftitutes, and other inferior minifters whatfoever, (fuch military officers who are or (hall be in mufter by the mufter mailer general of his Majefty’s army, or in pay in his Majefty’s army or navy, in refpeft of fuch offices only excepted), (hall yield and pay unto his Majefty any fum not exceeding the fum at which fuch office or employment is or fhall be afiefied in the year commencing from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, by virtue of the faid a<51, pafted in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year and penfions one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight ; and that all and every and annuities perfon an(] perfons, guilds, fraternities, bodies politick and corout of ^re-S porate, having an annuity, penfion, (lipend, or other yearly pay-mifes, or in* ment, either out of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer in eluded in any England, or out of any branch of his Majefty’s revenue in u^emthem Great Britain, or payable, or fecured to be paid by any perfon under^SGeo. or Perf°ns whatfoever in Great Britain, (not being or iflfuing * out of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or charged upon the fame, or included in any afleftment made upon lands, tenements, or hereditaments, mentioned in the faid a<51, pafted in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufandfevetrfhun-dred and ninety-eight, and not being annuities or yearly payments, which, by any aft or afts of parliament made or to be made, are or (hall be efpecially exempted from the payment of taxes or aids), fhall yield and pay unto his Majefty the fum of four (hillings for every twenty (hillings, by the year, for every fuch annuity, penfion, ftipend, or yearly payment refpeftively, and after that rate for one whole year; the faid feveral rates and fums of money hereby granted to be afiefied, impofed, levied, and collected, in fuch manner as herein-after is mentioned.

Commiffion- IV. And be it further enafted, That, for the better afieffing, fan d tax ^	ordering, levying, and collefting of the feveral fums of money To

pointed by * as	limited	and	appointed to be raifed and paid in the

37 Geo. 3. aforefaid part of Great Britain called England\ Wales, and Ber~ c. 35, and	wick

3. c. 5. or not exempted), to pay 4s. in the pound.

Hosted by Google

1798‘] Anno regni tricefimo norio Georgii III. c. 3*	5

wick upon Tweed, and for the more effectual putting this ad in	t

execution in reference to the fame, all and every perfon and adAn^ perfons who in and by an ad of parliament, made and palled in execution, the thirty-feventh year of his Majefty?s reign, intituled, An aft for appointing commiffioners for putting in execution an aft of this fejfion of parliament, intituled; ‘An aft for granting an aid to his Majefly hy a land tax, to he raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety fe ven J or in and by another act, made and patted in the thirty-eighth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for rectifying miftakes in the names of feveral of the commiffioners appointed by an aft made in the laft fejjion of parliament, to put in execution an aft, made in the fame fejfion, intituled, ‘An aft for granting an aid to his Majefly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety feven J and for appointing other commiffioners, together with thofe named in the firfl mentioned afty to put in execution an aft of this fejfion of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majefly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight > and for indemnifying fuch perfons as have afted as commiffioners for executing the faid aft, for granting an aid to his Majefiy by a land tax, to be raifed to Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven ? we re named and appointed commiffioners for putting in execution the fame ads within the feveral counties, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, divifions, and places of England, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Ezveed, duly qualifying themfelves according to the faid ad, patted in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majefly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight 5 in that behalf, lhall be com-miffioners for putting in execution this prefent ad, and the powers therein contained, within and for all and every the parifhes, conftablewicks, divifions, allotments, and places, lituate within the fame counties, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, divifions, and places, refpedively.

V. And be it further enaded, That the feveral commiffioners Committon-aforefaid fhall meet together at the moft ufual and common ers to meet on places of meeting within their refpective hundreds, lathes, rapes, °J before wapentakes, wards, and other divifions refpedively, within Eng- J7^f 30> land, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, within which they are appointed commiffioners, on or before the thirtieth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; and fhall meet afterwards in like manner, as often as it (hall be neceffary, for putting fo much of this ad in execution as is hereby committed to their care and charge; and the faid commiffioners, or fo many to infped the of them as fhall be prefent at fuch meeting or meetings, or the afleffments major part of them, are hereby authorifed and required to infped Undine March and examine the attettinents made by virtue of the faid ad, for 1799,0a the year ending on the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand perfonal feven hundred and ninety-nine, and afcertain the feveral and re- eftate, <of-

b3	fpedive	fices* &c‘and

Hosted by Google

6	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798*

diiUnguifh	fpeblive fums of money charged by virtue of the faid abl, in every

tholfe on°lTnd•	conftablewick, divifion, allotment, or place, for and in re-

’ fp.ebl of any eftate in ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or other perfopal eftate ; and alfo for and in refpebtof any offices or employments of profit, annuities, penfions, or ftipend, as aforefaid, by any afleflment made for the faid year ending on the faid twenty-fifth day' of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and feparate, divide, and fet down in writing, the amount of the feveral and refpeblive fums charged upon eftates in readyr monies, debts, goods, wares and merchandizes, chattels, or other perfonal eftate, and alfo the feveral and refpeblive fums charged in refpebl of any offices or employments of profit, annuities, penfions, or ftipends, as aforefaid, from the monies charged in fuch parifhes, conftablewicksf divifions, allotments, or places by virtue of the faid abl, upon lands, tenements,

and to deliver or hereditaments : and the faid commiffioners are hereby re-3. lcnediile	•	•	*	J	•

containin^the ^uired to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, a fchedule or dupli-

ium affiriled cate, in parchment, under their hands and feals, fairly written, on each place, containing the whole fum aflefled on each parifh, conftablewick^ divifion, allotment, or place, where any afleflment fhall have been made upon perfonal eftates, or in refpebl of offices and employments of profits, annuities, penfions, or ftipends, and alfo the chriftian names and furnames of the refpeblive affeflors and neral, and^^ collectors, unto the receiver general of each county, riding, city.

of the afTcf-fors and collectors to the receiver ge-

tranfmita fchedule to tne remem

borough, town, and place refpeblively, where fuch afleflinents fhall have been made, or his deputy, and fhall tranfmir, or caufe brancer’s of- to be tranfmitted, a like fchedule or duplicate into the King’s ^.ce_°^thet e_x" remembrancer’s office of the exchequer, and this the commifi fioners fhall caufe to have done on or before the tenth day of May out thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; for which duplicates the receiver and remembrancer, or their refpeblive deputies, fhall give to the perfon who brings the fame a receipt, in writing, gratis, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be re-

chequer, be fore May io, 1799.

A receipt to be given for fchedides, on

|	1	ill VV 1 « Lll J	V

pena ryo io . coyerecj t0 tjie	ufe	as other penalties are by this abl reco-

whaiceh ff verable-

ments are ' VI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That every

made, for the parifh or place, in which any aftefiment fhall have been or fhall

year ending be made under and by virtue of the faid laft recited abl on any

March 35, perfon or perfons in refpebl of any offices or employments of j under	*	»	+	\	~

38 Geo, 3. profit, annuities, penfions, or ftipends, by any afleflment for the

c. 5. inrefpebl year ending on the twenty-fifth day o{March one thoufand feyen of offices, See. hundred and ninety-nine, fhall, from and after that time, be wholly difeharged from fo much of the fums to be levied upon fuch parifh or place according to the proportions eftablifhpd under the faid recited abt.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That all and every the pow-

t	‘	:	‘	‘	'

to be thereafter difeharged from the fums thereby levied, rovvers and

the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act for granting an »m c. 5.	aid	to his Majejty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for

made perpe- the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight,

are

ers, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which, in and by the faid abl, palled in the thirty-eighth year 0}

1798] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 3.	7

are provided and eftablithed for afcertaining, raifing, levying, miti- tual by 3S gating, adjudging, paying, and managing the rates and afieffments tobeputin0* granted by the faid adt• and which, by the faid other adt, pafled in execution in the fame thirty-eighth year aforefaid, intituled, An aft for making levying the perpetual, fubjeft to redemption and purchafe in the manner therein rates under fated the feveral fums of money now charged in Great Britain as a ^IS a * land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-fand feven hundred and ninety-eighty are continued and made perpetual in relation to the rates and afTefTments charged on lands, tenements, and hereditaments, until the redemption and purchafe thereof, {hall be pradtifed, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the afcertaining, railing, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the rates, afTefTments, and fums of money to be charged, afTefTed, and levied by virtue of this adt, as fully and effedtually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, rules, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enadted in this a6V.

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe the proportions Where defi-fet by this adt upon all and every the refpedtive parifhes, con-fhblewicks, divifions, allotments, and places, in England, Wales, ments to be and Berwick upon Tweedy in refpedt of any fuch perfonal eft ate as made, aforefaid, (hall not be fully afTefTed, levied, and paid, according to the true meaning thereof, or if any of the faid afTefTments in refpedt of fuch perfonal eftate (hall be rated or impofed upon any perfon not being of ability to pay the fame, or that, through any wilfulnefs, negledt, miftake, or accident, the faid afTeflment, charged in each parifh or place as aforefaid by virtue of this adt, happens not to be paid to the receiver general, his deputy or deputies, as in this adt is diredted, that then and in all and every fuch cafe or cafes the feveral and refpedtive commiflloners, af-feflors, and colledtors, adting in the execution of this adt, and every of them refpedtively, are hereby authorifed and required to aflefs and re-affefs, or caufe to be afTefTed and re-afTefled, levied, and paid, all and every fuch fum and fums of money upon the refpedlive parifhes or places wherein fuch deficiencies fhall happen, as to the faid commiflioners, or fuch number of them as by this adt are authorifed to caufe the faid firft afleffment hereby required to be made, {hall feem rnofl agreeable to equity and juftice; the faid new afTeflment to be made, collected, and paid, in fuch manner, and by fuch means, as in this adt or any adt hereby referred to, is declared and directed for other afTefTments.

IX.	Andy in order to afcertain more particularly the mode of of -fejfing and rating the feveral perfons who Jhall be charged with any rate or affejfmenty in refpedt of any efates in ready money9 debtSy or perfonal eftatey in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, Perfons to be be it further enadted, That every perfon who is or {hall be rated where rated for or in refpedt of any perfonal eftate to him or her any- refident$ ways belonging, fhall be rated at fuch place where he or file fhall be relident at the time of the execution of this adt \ and all perfons 'not being houfeholders, nor having a certain place of

E 4	relidence.

Perfonal ef-tate to be af-

8	Anno	regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

refidence, fhall be taxed at the place where they, {hall be refident and if out of at the time of the execution of this acft; and if any perfon who 5n\henfacem> oug^t taxe<^ *,n England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed\ by of their ialt virtue of this ad, for or in refpeft of his or her perfonal eftate, abode.	fbiall at the time of his or her afleflment be out of the realm,

fuch perfon fhall be rated therefore in fuch parifh, conftablewick, divifion, allotment, or place, where he was laft abiding within this realm.

X. Provided always, That where any perfon fhall have any felled'where it g°°ds, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or perfonal eftate, in any fhall be. parifh or parifhes, conftablewick or conftablewicks, divifion or divifions, allotment or allotments, or place or places, other than the parifh, conftablewick, divifion, allotment, or place, where he or fhe fhall be refident, or had his or her refidence, it fhall be lawful, at any time before the twenty-fourth day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to rate and aftefs fuch perfon for fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or perfonal eftate, in any parifh or parifhes, conftablewick or conftablewicks,'divifion or divifions, allotment or allotments, or place or places, where Perfons dou- the fame fhall be; provided alfo, That if any perfon or perfons, KSedo,^byreafonofhis, her, or their, having feveral manfion houfes or places of refidence, or otherwife, (hall be doubly charged for any perfonal eftate by occafion of this a<ft, then upon certificate made by any two or more of the commifiioners for the county, riding, city, or pface, of his, her, or their laft perfonal refidence, under their hands and feals, of the fum or fums charged upon him, her, • or them,; (which certificate the faid commifiioners are hereby required to give without delay, fee, or reward), and upon oath made of fuch certificate before any two commifiioners who have authority; to put this a<ft in execution for the county, riding, city, or $lace, where the faid certificate fhall be made, which oath the faid commifiioners are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter, then the perfon or perfons fo doubly charged fhall, for fo much as fhall be certified, be difcharged in every other parifh, conftablewick, divifion, allotment, or place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed.

XI. Provided alfo, That this a<ft fhall not extend to the inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, "Jerfey, or Guernfey, for aflefiing any fuch perfonal eftate, which they, or any to their ufe, have land, Ireland, within thofe places, for or towards the faid fum hereby autho-

the excefs on certificate.

This aft not to extend to perfonal ef-tates in Scot-

Jerfey, or Guernfey.

rifed to be charged upon any parifh or parifhes, conftablewick or conftablewicks, divifion or divifions, allotment or allotments, or place or places in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tvjeed, as aforefaid ; and if any perfon that ought to be taxed by virtue of this a (ft, for or in refpe<ft of his or her perfonal eftate, {hall, by changing his or her place of refidence, or by any other fraud or covin, efcape from the taxation, and not be taxed, and the fame be proved before the cornmiffioners, or any two or more of them, Perfonsavoid- at any time within one year next after fuch tax made, every. b^c^ar"ed, t0 Per^on ^iat fhall efcape j$om the taxation and payment fhall treble. ^ be charged, upon proof thereof, at treble the value of fo much

r	as

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 3.	9

as he or (he fhould or ought to have been charged at by this ad; the faid treble value, upon certificate thereof made into the exchequer by the commiftioners before whom fuch proof {hall be made, to be levied on the goods, lands and hereditaments of fuch perfons.

XII.	And for the better difcovevy of perfonal eftate intended to he charged by this a£l^ be it further enabled. That every householder

in England, Wales, or Berwick vpon Tweedy {hall, upon demand count^otkhtir of the afteftors of the refpedive parifhes or places, give an ac- lodgers, on count of the names and qualities of fuch perfons as fhall fojourn penalty of'5I. or lodge in their refpedive houfes, under the penalty of forfeiting to his Majefty the fum of five pounds, to be levied and recovered in fuch manner as anv other penalty in this ad mentioned (hall and may be levied and recovered.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral members ^liament to' of parliament who, at the execution of this ad, during this or {,e rated at the fubfequent feffion of parliament, (hall abide within the cities their manfion of London and Weftininjler, and the fuburbs of the fame, or houfes. within the county of Middlefex, (hall for or in refped of their

ready money or debts, or any other tax which may be laid on their perfonal eftate or perfons in refped thereof, during this or the next'feffion of parliament, be aftefted only in the places where fuch members havv. their manfipn houfes, or other places where they moft ufually refide during the intervals of parliament; and in cafe any affeftor or commiftioner fhall aftefs, or caufe to be aftefted, any member of parliament, contrary to the provifion hereby made, he or they (hall forfeit to the party grieved the fum of forty pounds, to be recovered by adion of debt, or upon the cafe, together with full eofts of fuit; any things herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	Provided always, That where any perfon liable to be Inhabitants of

rated in refped of fuch perfonal eftate, and inhabiting within *owns’ *iav~ y ■ r t i	r	1	*	-7- mg perfonal

the city of London^ or any other city or town corporate in Eng- e^ate in one

land, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweedy hath his dwelling houfe in or more pa-

one of the parifhes or wards therein, and hath any goods, wares, rifhes, to be

or merchandizes, in any one or more of the other parifhes or	m	tlie

7	j	*	one where

wards within the fame, that then fuch perfon fhall be taxed, tliey rep1(ie#

charged, and aftefted, for fuch his goods and merchandizes in

the parifh or ward where he dwelleth,- and not elfewhere within

the laid city and town corporate.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That the officers in the re- Officers of the ceipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, and in other the publick offi- and oSier** ces, upon requeft to them made by the refpedive afteftors, fhall pUbjick of-deliver gratis, true lifts or accounts of all penfions, annuities, fices, on rje-ftipends, or other annual payments, and of all fees, falarics, and quelh to de-other allowances, payable at the faid receipt, or in the faid pub-

lick offices, to any commiffioner or commiffioners, officer or nuities See/ officers, for the execution of this ad, for the better guidance of to the com* the faid afteftors in the charging of the fame ; and that in all cafes miffioners, where an penfions, annuities, ftipends, or other yearly payments, or the fee*alaries, wages, or other allowances or profits, charged aipeflor<^

by

1 aift

;ejralat

Hosted by

Google

IO

of payment oi the rate, it tn.iy be there ftopped, &c.

AnnoregnitrlcefimononoGEORGii III. c. 3. [1798.

and in default by this a<5l, (hall be payable at the receipt of the exchequer, or *'1 "at any other publick office, or by any of his Majefty’s receivers or paymafters in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, the tax or payment which in purfuance of this adf, (hall be charged for or in refpe6l of fuch annuities, ftipends, fees, falaries, wages* allowances, or profits, fhall and may (in cafe of non-payment thereof) be detained and flopped out of the fame, or out of any money which fhall be paid upon fuch penfions, annuities, ftipends, fees, falaries, wages, allowances, or profits, or for arrears thereof, and be applied to the fatisfaclion of the rates and duties not other-wife paid as aforefaid; and the proper officers in the faid exchequer, and other the publick offices aforefaid, fhall keep true accounts of all monies flopped, and (upon requeft) fhall give copies of fuch accounts to the proper collectors of fuch monies for the refpeftive parifhes or places where the faid monies are aflefled by this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every perfon in England\

Officers to pay

where em ployed, &c.

Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, rated or aflefled for his office or employment, fhall be rated and pay for his faid office or employment in the county, city, or place, where the fame fhall be exer-cifed, although the revenue or profits arifing by fuch office or employment are payable elfewhere.

XVII. Provided always, That the right honourable the mafter of the rolls, the mailers in chancery, fix clerks, clerks of the petty bag, examiners, regifters, clerks of the inroJments, clerks of the affidavit and fubpoena offices, and all other the officers of the court of chancery, that execute their offices within the liberty of the rolls, fhall there be a lie lied for their refpedlive offices, falaries, and other profits, and not elfewhere; and the laid mailers in chancery for the time being, and the faid fix clerks and regifters for the time being, fhall be the com-miffioners for putting in execution, and fhall put in execution this act within the faid liberty, and exercife the powers therein contained; and that all annuities, ftipends, and penfions, payable to any officers in refpedt of their offices, fhall be taxed and aflefled where fuch officers are rated arid aflefled for their to b^°ratedC* °®ces’ an<^ not elfewhere; and that all other penfions, ftipends, where

Officers in chancery to 1 e aliened in the rolls liberty.

Matters in chancery, iix clerks, and remitters, to be eom-iniflioners.

payable.

Where any office is exec iited by deputy, the a He II ment to be pai l l y him, See,

and annuities, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweedy not charged upon lands, fhall be charged and aflefled in the parifhes and places where they are payable.

XVIII. And whereas divers officer and employments of profit, chargeable by this aft, are executed by deputy, and the principal officers Jiving in places remote from the divijion, parifih or place, where fuch offices or employments are taxable, the rates and affejfimentsfor fuch particular offices and employments cannot be recovered without great charge and difficulty ; be it therefore enabled, That where any office or employment of profit, chargeable by this a£t, is or fhall be executed by deputy, fuch deputy fhall pay fuch afl’eflment as fhall be charged thereon, and dedudt the fame out of the profits of fuch office or employment; and in cafe of refufal or nonpayment thereof, fuch deputy fhall be liable to fuch dif&fs as by

this

IX

1798*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III, 0* 3.

this a <51 is prefcribed againft any perfon having and enjoying any office or employment of profit, and to .all other remedies and penalties therein refpedtively contained ; and that there fhall be the like remedies and penalties for the recovering the monies, aftefted upon any fuch office or employment of profit to the land tax for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and for any fubfequent year not yet iatisfied, in all cafes where the accounts of thofe years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the exchequer.

XIX.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Her ™

That this ac5t, or any thing herein contained, fhall not charge,	royal

or be conftrued to charge, her majefty, the Queen, or any of family, not the royal family, for or in refpe^t of any annuities or yearly chargetblein payments granted to her faid Majefty, and to their faid royal reipedt of highnefles; but that fuch fums of money, annuities, or yearly annuities* payments, and her faid Majefty, and their royal highnefles, and

their treafurers, receivers general, and fervants, for the time being, in refpedt of the fame, fhall be free and clear from all taxes, impofitions, and other charges whatfoever.

XX.	Provided alfo. That this acl, or any of the feveral claufes Superan-herein contained, fhall not extend to charge the penfions of any fuperannuated commiffion or warrant fea-officers, or the penfions penfon’s Qf of widows of fea-officers flain in the fervice of the crown; or the widows of revenue of the inoft noble order of the garter ; or the penfions of fea officers, the poor knights of Witidfor^ payable out of the exchequer only; or

to charge a certain penfion of one hundred pounds granted by the penf10n late King Charles the Second to the poor clergy of the IJle of Man; poor clergy or to charge the penfions or falaries of his Majefty’s pages of ofthelfleof honour; or of the officers and perfons employed, or to be Man, or the employed, in collecting the tolls and duties payable by virtue of honour or any aftor a<5ls of parliament for making, repairing, or maintain- the falaries ingany publick roads, by reafon of their faid offices or employ- of collectors merits, or any falary arifing thereby.	‘	°* tolls, not

XXI.	And whereas the rents and revenues belonging to the c r^e refidenliaries of the cathedral churches in England and Wales are chargeable to the land tax granted and made perpetual as aforefaid, and

in fome cafes the overplus of the faid rents and revenues above fuch tax repairs, and other charges, is to go in Jharcs for the maintenance of the faid refidentaries, which fares are diminijhed by the faid land pe/^entarjes tax; it is provided and ena<5ted, That in fuch cafes rhe laid not'chargeable refidentiaries fhall not, by this a<5l or any of the claufes therein in certain contained, be further chargeable as enjoying offices of profit out cafes, of the faid rents and revenues; any thing heiein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXII.	And whereas by the faid act, pajfecl in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a<5t for making perpetual, fubjedt to redemption and purchafe in the manner therein ftated, the feveral fums of money now charged in Great.

Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenry-fifth clay of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, it was enadlef That the feveral duties hnpofed on fugar, by three adls of the

twenty-

Hosted by Google

11

Duties on	i

fugar by	j

27 Geo. 3. c.13.	.

24. Geo. 3. c. ( 4. and	•

37 Geo. 3. c. 1 s j on malt, by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13 ; and the duties of excife on tobacco and fnuff, by 29 Geo. 3. c. 68; which, by 38 Geo. 3. C. 60. were to ceafe on March 25,

3799,	to be continued till March 25,

3800.

Monies paid into the exchequer under this act to be entered feparate from other payments.

2,000. oool. may be borrowed on the credit of this ad.

Tallies of loan to be itruck, See.

Anno regni triceiimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

'wenty-feventh, thirty-fourth, and thirty-feventh years of the reign of bis prefent Majefly ; on malt by an aft ?nade in the twenty-feventh year f the reign of his prefent Majefly; and the duties of excife on tobacco md fnuff, by an aft made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, Jhould continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of Match one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and. no longer, but Jhould fr 0771 thenceforth ceafe and detennine, unlefs the fame Jhould be fpedaily continued by parlia7ne7it; be it further enabled, That the faid feveral duties on fugar, malt, tobacco, and fnuff, and the faid ads granting the fame, and all the provifions thereot, lhall be, and the fame are hereby feverally and refpec-tively continued, from and after the expiration of the time limited, as aforefaid, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred 5 and all the monies arifing thereby, which (hall be paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer, fhall be entered feparate and diftind from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That there fhall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, one book of regifter, in which all the money that fhall be paid into the exchequer for the rates and duties hereby granted on fugar, malt, tobacco, and fnuff, and alfo the rates and affefTments hereby granted on perfonal eftates, and on offices and employments of profit, penfions, annuities, and ftipends, herein-before mentioned, fhall be entered and regiftered apart and diftind from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty.

XXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives and foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majefty, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of two millions, upon the funds hereby eftablifhed and made chargeable as aforefaid, and fuch other monies as are by this ad appointed for repaying the fame, with the intereft thereof, and to have and receive, for their forbearance of the money lent, intereft after a rate not exceeding four pounds and ten /hillings per centum per annum, upon or in refped of the whole amount of the money fo raifed, foas fuch loans to be allowed be made by the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorifedto iffue their warrants for that purpofe, as faft as fuch loans fhall be wanted for the publick fervice ; and moreover, that no money fo to be lent upon fecurity of this ad fhall be rated or aftefted by virtue of this ad, or any other ad or ads of parliament whatfoever.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That all and every perfon and perfons who fhall lend any money upon the credit of this ad as aforefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer, fhall immediately have a tally of loan ftruck for the fame? and

an

Hosted by Go< [e .

1798.”} Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii 1IL c. 3. ■	13

an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date _ with his, her or their tally 3, in or upon which order fhall be alfo contained a warrant for the payment of intereft for the forbearance thereof, fo that fuch intereft do not exceed, upon or in refpedt of the whole amount of the monies raifed, the faid rate of four pounds and ten {hillings per centum per annum, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and all fuch orders for payment of money fo to be Sniftered and lent {hall be regiftered in courfe, according to the dates re- jn COurfe. fpe&ively; and that all .and every perfon and perfons {hall be paid in courfe, according as their orders {hall ftand regiftered in the faid regifter books, fo as the perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators or affigns, who fhall have his, her, or their order or orders firft entered in the faid book of regifter, {hall be taken and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the monies to come in by virtue of this adt; and he, {he, or they, who fhall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, fhall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceftively and in courfe; and that the monies compofing the funds eftablifhed by virtue of this act fhall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfadfion of the faid refpedtive perfons and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or aftigns refpecftively, without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwife, and fhall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever; and No fee for that no fee, reward, or gratuity, diredfly or indirectly, fhall be demanded or taken of any of his Majefty’s fubjedts, for providing or making any fuch books or regifters, or any entries, views, or fearches, in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft: thereof, as aforefaid, by any of his Majefty’s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with full cofts of fuff; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to forfeit his place alfo; and if any undue preference of one Penalty for before another {hall be made either in point of regiftry or undue prepayment, contrary to the ti^ue meaning of this adf, by any fuch Terence, officer or officers, then the party offending fhall be liable, by aCfion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with full cofts of fuit, to the party aggrieved, and fhall be forejudged of his place or office; and if fuch preference (hall be unduly made by any deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mafter, then fuch deputy or clerk only fhall be liable to fuch adlion, debt, damage, and cofts, and fhall for ever be incapable of his place or office: and in rafe the auditor of the receipt fhall not di.redl the faid orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the tellers make payment upon fuch order according to each perfon’s due place and order, as before directed, then he or they fhall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpedlive deputies and clerks therein offending to be liable to fuch adlion, debt, damages, and cofts, in fuch manner as aforefaid: all which faid

penalties,

__Hosted by Google

i4

It fhall not be deemed undue preference which of the tallies, dated or brought the fame day, are ftrll entered ; nor if fuhfe-quent orders be paid before fuch as were

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

penalties, forfeitures, damages, and coils, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, (hall and may be recovered by adlion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefly's courts of record at Weft-minjlcr ; wherein no efToin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, fhall be in anywife granted or allowed.

XXVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it (hall happen that feveral tallies of loan, or orders for payment, as aforefaid, bear date, -or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to be regiflered ; then it fhall be interpreted no undue preference which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he enters them all the fame day.

XXVII.	Provided alfo, That it fhall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor diredf, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay fubfequent orders to perfons that come and demand their

Orders affign-abk.

not demanded monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons who did not in courie. come to take their monies and bring their orders in courfe; fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent order§; which fhall not be otherwife difpofed of but kept for them; interefh upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacled, That all and every perfon and perfons, to whom any money fhall be due for loans to be rc-giflered by virtue of this ad, after order entered into the book of regifler aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiflrators, or affigns, by proper words of alignment, to be indorfedand written on his, her, or their order, may affign and transfer, his, her, or their right, title, interefl, and benefit of fuch order to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt

/aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of regiffer as aforefaid for orders, (which the officers fhall upon requeft, without fee or charge, accordingly make), fhall entitle fuch affignee, his executors, adminiftrators, fuccelTors, and affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and fuch affignee may, in like manner, affign again, and fo toties quoties; and afterwards it fhall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who hath or have made any fuch affignment to make void, releafe or dif-chargethe fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

XXIX.	And to the end there may he no want or failure of a certain fum, not to exceed in the whole two millions, to he raifed either by fuch loans as aforefaid, or by ijfuing exchequer bills, as is herein’ after mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ivays or means,for the publick

fervice, be it further provided and enadled, That in cafe the com-miffioners of his Majefly’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the common fum, commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall judge it or different more advifeable to raife the faid fum of two millions, or any part fums, in the thereof, by exchequer bills, inftead of fuch loans as aforefaid;

that then they refpeitively are hereby authorifed and empowered,

at

Commiffion-ers of the treafury empowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one

principal

monies.

Hosted by Google

r5

1797.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 3.

at any time or times, at once. Or by fuch proportions at a time as they refpecftively fhall find to be moft for the advantage of the publick, to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made, at the exchequer, in fuch method and form as they or he fhall think moft fafe and convenient, any number of new exchequer bills, containing one common fum or different fums in the principal monies; fo that in cafe there (hall be no loans made, then all the principal fums to be contained in che faid bills to be made forth by this acft fihali not exceed two millions; and in cafe any fuch loans (hall be made as aforefaid, then all the principal fums to be contained in the faid bills to be made forth by this act, together with fuch loans fo made, ftiall not exceed the faid fum of two millions*

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That the faid bills to	t	^

prepared and made in purfuance of this act (hall and may bear an intereft at an intereft not exceeding the rate of four pounds and ten (hillings 4b jos. per per centum per annum, upon or in refpeCf of the whole amount of oent* Per the monies thereby railed, and proportionably for any greater or aan'

lefs fum'to be contained therein, and to be payable to the bearers thereof refpedlively; neverthelefs the faid intereft (hall be abated and faved upon fuch of the faid bills to be made forth by this a61 as fhall at any time or times be in the receipt of the exchequer, or in the hands or power of any receivers or collectors of any taxes, aids, or revenues whatfoever, payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, during fuch time and times refpeeftively as fuch bills fhall be or remain in the faid receipt, or in fuch hands or power as aforefaid.

XXXI.	And it is hereby enadled, That all the faid bills fo to Thefe bills to be prepared and made fhall be numbered arithmetically, beginning be numbered with No, /, and fo proceeding in an arithmetical progrefllon af- ari]^ITuU* cending, wherein the common excefs or difference fhall always **

be one, and fhall be regiftered according!}/, fo that the principal fum be contained in every fuch bill, (after the payment of the loans which fhall have been made as aforefaid, if any fuch be, with the intereft thereof, or referving money fufficient for that purpofe), may regularly be paid off and difeharged, in courfe, according to the number of every fuch bill as it ftiall ftand in the faid regifter ; and that the intereft upon all and every the faid bills fhall be payable every three months, according to the purport and true meaning of this a£l; and that upon every fuch bill there fhall be indorfed, printed or written, in words at length or in figures, the fum after which the principal to be contained therein fliall be payable in fuch courfe as aforefaid, according to the purport and true meaning of this a6t.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That in cafe Treafury the faid fum, not exceeding two millions, fhall be raifed partly dirc(^ lbe

by loans, and partly by exchequer bills, according to the powers tor lo^s before given by this aci; that then, and in fuch cafe, it fhall and or exchequer may be lawful to and for the commifiioners of his Majefty’s bills* treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commifiioners of the treafury for the time being, when and as often as they ftiall, by virtue of the faid powers* direct any fuch loans to be taken, or any fuch

exche-

• Hosted by CjOO^Ic

i6	Anno	regni	tricefimo	nono	Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

exchequer bills to be made out, at the fame time alfo to direct and appoint the courfe and order in which fuch loans and exchequer bills (hall (land upon the faid regifter, and after what time they {hall refpectively begin to be payable in courfe, fo as no fubfe-quent loans or exchequer bills be made to alter the courfe at firft appointed for prior loans or exchequer bills at the time of taking in or making out fuch prior loans or exchequer bills; any thing . herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding. chequ/s^^cc? XXXIII. And be it further enadled, That all the faid bills (hall be prepared and made with fuch cheques, indents, or counterfoils, as {hall be diredled by the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being; and that the perfon or perfons who is, are, or fhall be appointed to pay off the faid bills in courfe, (hall from time to time have the ufe and cuftody of one part of all the cheques, indents, or counterfoils of the faid exchequer bills to be prepared and made by virtue of this a61, from which the faid bills (hall have been cut, to prevent his or their being impofed upon by counterfeit or forged bills; and that the undertakers, contractors for exchanging or circulating the faid bills, or fuch of them as fhall be current, (hall from time to time have the ufe and cuftody, of one other part of the faid cheques, indents, or counterfoils of the faid exchequer bills from which the fame fhall have been cut off as aforefaid, in order to prevent their being impofed upon by any counterfeit or forged bills; and that all the faid parts of the faid cheques, indents, or counterfoils, fhall be delivered back into the exchequer, when the faid bills to be made forth by virtue of this adt fhall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged.

The bills to XXXIV. And it is hereby enadred, That the commiffioners cafh^n the3S	trea^ur7>	or	any	^ree or more of them now being, and the

exchequer. faid high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of -the treafury for the time being, fhall, and they are hereby refpec-tively authorifed and empowered, to caufe fuch bills as (hall be prepared by virtue of this adl, to be placed as fo much cafh in the refpe6tive offices of the tellers of the faid receipt of exchequer, each and every of which tellers fhall be feverally charged with a proportion of the faid bills which, fhall be fo placed in his office r.efpedlively; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding. Claufes in the XXXV. And be it further enadled, That all the faid bills to malt ad re- jfluec] as aforefaid fhall be current in like manner, and with cheque^biUs fQC^ privileges and advantages, and fubjedt to fuch rules and di-extended to redtions, as are preferibed and enadled by an act of this prefent this.	feffion	of	parliament,	(intituled. An aff for continuing and granting

to his Majejly certain duties upon malt, mu?n, cyder, and perry, for the fervicc of the year one thoufand Jeven hundred and ninety-nine), for or concerning the exchequer bills thereby authorifed to be made forth; and that all and every the claufes and provifoes in the faid laft-mentioned adl relating to the currency, exchanging, or receiving the fame laft-mentioned exchequer bills by any publick receivers of aids, taxes, or (applies, or in his Majefty's receipt of the exchequer, or fur preventing the forging, counterfeiting.

Hosted by Google

i79&.] Anno regni tficefimo liono GfidftGli III. c. 3.	*7

terfeiting, or altering the fame bills, or for making out new bills jn the room of fuch as fhall be filled up with indorfements, loft* burnt, defaced, or otherwife deftroyed, or for making out exchequer bills of five thoufand pounds each, or for making^out exchequer bills without bearing intereft, or for making them afterwards to bear an intereft, or a higher or lower rate of intereft, from time to time, as the contra&ors (hall agree to* or for preventing any mifapplication of the fund on which the fame are charged, or any other mifbehaviour of any officers concerned in the receiving, iffuing, exchanging, paying off, or cancelling the fame laft-mentioned exchequer bills; or for enabling the com- . mifiioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, to contract from time to time with any perfon or perfons, body or	1

bodies politick or corporate, for payment of the intereft of, or exchanging for ready money, on demand, the exchequer bills there-* by authorifed to be iftiied, at a rate or premium -not exceeding four pounds and ten (hillings p£r centum per annum; or for preventing any difabilities in fuch contractors, or for making them not liable to be bankrupts on account of fuch contracts; or for appointing a paymafter or paymasters for paying off or cancelling the fame exchequer bills in due courfe and order, (hall be extended, and conftrued to extend, as well to the exchequer bills by this adt authorifed to be made forth, except only with refpedt to fuch matters which are otherwife fpeeially provided for in this a6f, as to the exchequer bills to be made forth in purfuance of the faid afor granting and continuing the duties on malt, mum*, cyder, and perry, as amply, fully, and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enadted, verbatim, in this a<ft.

XXXVI.	And be it further enadled, That the loans and ex- The loans atid chequer bills to be advanced or lent on the credit of this adl (hall ^q'uer be repaid at fuch periods and in fuch proportions as fhall be a° fuechC~ fettled and afeertained in and by any contract to be entered into periods as fhall for that purpofe by and between the commiffioners of the treafury be fettled by for the time being, or any three or more of them, and the gover-nor and deputy governor of the bank of England, on the part of ariVn^by^this the governor and company of the faid bank of England, out of the a& to be ap-rates, duties, and affeffments hereby granted, if the fame (hall be plied for that fufficient; and the monies which fhall from time to time arife atPurP°fe> the faid receipt of exchequer, of or for the rates, duties, and af-feffments, by this ad granted, fhall, from time to time, as the fame fhall arife at the laid receipt, be iffued and applied at the faid receipt for or towards paying off and difeharging the orders of loan and exchequer bills for the monies which (hall have been lent at the faid receipt, and for fatisfying the intereft thereof, at fuch times and in fuch proportions as aforelaid, until all the principal and intereft payable upon fuch orders of loan or exchequer bills, on the days and times herein mentioned, (hall be fully iatisfied, or fufficient monies fhall be referved in the exchequer for the full payment and fatisfa&ion of the fame; or the monies which fhall from time to time arife at the faid receipt of the Vol« XLII,	C	exchequer.

Hosted by

Google

i8

Anno regni tricefimo nofto Georgn 111.

c. 3. [1798.

exchequer, of or for the faid rates, duties, or afleffments hereby granted, fhall, at fuch times and in fuch proportions as aforefaid, be iffued to fuch paymafter by way of impreft, and upon account, for or towards paying off and difcharging the faid exchequer bills which (hall have been made forth by virtue of this ad, in fuch courfe as aforefaid, and for or towards fuch other payments as are in and by this ad direded or allowed to be made or difcharged out ^	.	of	the	fame, and for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

to take^r^ac- XXXVII. And be it further enabled, That, quarterly, on the fifth day of July, the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of April, or within ten days after each of thole days and times in every year, after the palling of this aft, or fooner if there fhall be occalion, the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the

count, quarterly, of the money raifed by loans or exchequer bills; and urn fat is tied money, at the end of any quarter, to be

time being, fhall caufe a true and perfed account in writing to

be taken, and attefted by the proper officers, of all the monies charged on the which (hall have been raifed by loans or by exchequer bills, or by confoiidated any or either of thofe ways or means, for or towards the faid fum fund,	not	exceeding two millions, by this ad intended to be raifed as

aforefaid, and which ought to be paid and difcharged before the end of each quarter, and how much thereof {hall, before the end of each quarter, have been paid off and difcharged, and how much thereof (hall, at the end of each quarter, remain undifcharged upon the faid orders of loan and exchequer bills refpedively, or upon any or either of them; and if at the end of any quarter there (hall not be, in the faid receipt of the exchequer, fufficient monies of the faid rates, duties, and ailefTments, hereby granted, the monies fo remaining unfatisfied or not difcharged, with the intereft due for the lame, .fhall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the confoiidated fund (except fuch monies of the (aid confoiidated fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former ad or ads of parliament in that behalf); and fuch monies of the faid confoiidated fund fhall and-may be iflued for fupplying money to the faid paymafter, for difcharging the faid unfatisfied orders of loan or exchequer bills in courfe, as the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the. time being, fhall dired, until all the principal and intereft which (hall be or remain due upon the faid orders of loan or exchequer bills, or any of them, fhall be fully cleared and paid off, or money fufficient fhall be referved for that purpofe: and if at any time or times, before or after any money of the faid rates, duties, or affeflments hereby granted, fhall be brought into the exchequer as aforefaid, there fhall happen to be a want of money for paying intereft which fhall be actually incurred and grown due upon the faid orders of loan or exchequer bills, or any of them, or for payment of any premium or rate which fhall be incurred or grown due by any contrad or contrads to be made by virtue of this ad for exchanging the fame bills, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the money fo wanted fhall and may be fup-pliedout of the faid rates, duties, and afleffments hereby granted, remaining in the faid receipt of the exchequer as aforefaid, if

there

Hosted by

Google

*9

1^98.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii IIL c. 3. there (hall be fufficient of thofe monies in the faid receipt, other-wife the fame (hall and may be fupplied out of the monies of the faid confolidated fund, (except as before excepted), and be iflued accordingly.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That what- and to be re-ever monies (hall be iflued out of the faid confolidated fund (hall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the firft fupplies to pges r "" be then after granted in parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

, XXXIX. And ivhereas feveral orders of loan or exchequer bills made upon and in purfuance of an aft of parliament of the thirty-feve nth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, (intituled., An a£l for Deficiency of granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed inlandtax Great Britain, for the fervice of the’ year one thoufand feven goW to'be hundred and ninety-feven), fill remain unpaid, for want of fuffi- fupplied. cient money arifmg by the faid aft being come into the exchequer to anfwer and pay the fame, and it is uncertain how much thereof the monies arifmg by the faid aft will be able to anfwer and difcharge; be it ena&ed, That if the money arifen or to arife into the exchequer, for or on account of the faid aids, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, which will be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, {hall not be fufficient to difcharge the whole principal and intereft due, or to grow due, on the feveral orders of loan or exchequer bills made upon or in purfuance of the faid adf, that then fo much money as fhall then appear to be deficient or wanting for anlwering the purpofes aforefaid, fhall and may be fupplied and made good out of any of the monies arifing into the exchequer by or from the loans or exchequer bills on this a£l, or any other monies or loans that are or fhall be appropriated for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall direct and apply the fame accordingly; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL. And be it fur 1 her enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures ^ ^caSon1^ hereby impofed fhall, if fued for within fix calendar months from penalties the time of fuch penalties or forfeitures being incurred, be to his where fued Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof, f°r in fix with full cofts of fuit, to the perfon or perfons who {hall inform months* or fue for the fame within the time aforefaid, and which fhall and may be fued for in his Majefty’s court of exchequer at Wejlmin-Jler for offences committed in England, or in his Majefty’s court of exchequer in Scotland for offences committed in Scotland,, by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance fhall be allowed; but nevertheless it fhall be lawful for his Majefty’s attorney general in England, or his Majefty’s advocate in Scotland, in cafe it fhall appear to his fatisfa&ion that any fuch laft-men-tioned penalty or forfeiture was incurred without intention or fraud, to flay all further proceedings, by entering a noli profequi, or otherwife, with refpeCt as well to the (hare of fuch penalty or

c 2	for-

Hosted by Google

to

If not fued for in that time, to be recovered in the name of the attorney general, &c.

Limitation of actions.

General ifTtie.

Treble cofts.

Ad may be altered or repealed this feflion.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

forfeiture claimed by fuch informer or informers, as to the (hare thereof belonging to his Majefty,

XLI. Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That in default of profecution within the time herein-before limited, no fuch laft-mentioned penalty^or forfeiture fhall be afterwards recoverable, except in the name of his Majefty’s attorney general in England, and of his Majefty’s advocate in Scotland, by information in the court of exchequer in England or Scotland refpec-tively, in which cafe the whole of fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors; and that all penalties and forfeitures, and (hares of penalties and forfeitures incurred as aforefaid, belonging to his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors, (hall be paid into the hands of fuch perfon ^or perfons as the commiftioners for the affairs of taxes {hall appoint to receive the fame, to the ufe of his Majefty; and that in all cafes where the whole of fuch pecuniary penalties or forfeitures (hall be recovered to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, it {hall be lawful for the faid commiftioners tocaule fuch reward as they {hall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of fuch penalty or forfeiture forecovered, after deducing all charges and expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to or amongft any perfon or perfons who fhall appear to them entitled thereto as informers in refpedt of fuch penalties or forfeitures fo recovered; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLII And be it further enabled, That if any a£lion or fuit {hall be brought againft: any perfon or perfons for anything done in purfuance of this a£t, fuch abtion or fuit fhall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the fa£f committed, and not afterwards; and fhall be laid in the county or place where the caufe of complaint did arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every fuch adlion or fuit may plead the genera] ifl'ue, and give this a& and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury fhall find for the defendant.or defendants in any fuch adlion or fuit, or if the plaintiff* or plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, or di(continue his or their adfion or fuit after the defendant or defendants {hall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in any other cafes to recover cofts bylaw,

XL1II. Provided always, and be it enabled, That this atft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any a£i or adfs of this prefent feflion of parliament.

C AP. IV.

An further to continue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next feflion of parliament, an a£t, palled in the feflion of parliament holden /n the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majefty, chapter feventy, videlicet, On the fixth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, for the better prevention and punilhment of attempts to feduce perfons ferving in his Ma* jelly’s forces, by fea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majefty, or to incite them to mutiny or difobedience.—[December 17, 179s*3

CAP.

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Geqrgii III. c. 5,

C A P. V.

An ait to continue) until the expiration of one month after the commencement of the next feflion of parliament, an a<5t, paiTed in the laft fefFion of parliament, chapter fixty-fix, videlicet, On the twenty-firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, intituled. An a<ft for empowering his Majefty for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the fervices of fuch parts of his militia forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themfelves to be employed in Ireland.-r[De* cember 20, 1798.]

CAP. VI.

An aCl to enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax; and to explain and amend an aSf, made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An ait for making perpetual, fubjeil to redemption and purchafe in the manner therein ftated, thefeveral Turns of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight.—[December 22, 1798.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that further provifion jhould he made for effectually carrying into execution an ad, paffed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An 38 Geo. 3. c, ait for making perpetual, fubjeil to redemption and purchafe in 6o> recited, the manner therein ftated, the feveral fums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-eight: be it therefore enaited by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all bodies politick and corporate, companies, and perfons, in the faid adt mentioned, who by the	12,13,

faid ait are empowered to contrait for the redemption of the14* land tax charged on any manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of which they fhall be in poflefiion, or bene- fnp(fffeffionaf ficially entitled to the rents and profits, in preference to anybodies, land entitled corporations, or companies, or other perfons having any eftate to redeem, in or intereft in remainder, reverfion, or expediency, or being Prefe*LenCe to fubftitute heirs of entail in the fame manors, meffuages, lands, March a5, tenements, or hereditaments, until the twenty-fifth day of Decern- 1799, (inftead her one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and their re- of Dec. 35, fpeitive committees, curators, tutors, guardians, or truftees, on verfioners* in* their behalf, (except tenants for years abfolute, or for years preference ta determinable on lives on any dpmife, for which a fine or pre-all others, till mium was paid, and tenants for lives on any demife, where a rent June 25,1799, was referved, or a fine or premium was paid,) fhall have and be	°\

entitled to the like benefit or preference, in and to the redemp- arc 25 tion of fuch land tax, until the twenty-fifth day of March on;e thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; and in cafe no contrail fhall have been entered into by or on behalf of fuch bodies, corporations;, or companies, or perfons in ppfle(Iion3 or entitled c 3	as

Hosted by Google

22.	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

as laft mentioned, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, then and in every fuch cafe the bodies, corporations, or companies, or other perfon or perfons having fuch eftates and interefts in remainder, rever-fion, or expectancy, or being fubftitute heirs of entail, entitled in their order to fucceed to the faid manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and wfio by the faid aft were empowered to contract for the redemption of the land tax charged thereon, after the faid twenty-fifth day of December, and until the twenty-fifth day of March, in preference to any other bodies, corporations, or companies, or other perfons whatfoever, not having an eftate or intereft therein, and their refpedtive committees, curators, tutors, guardians, or truftees, on their behalf, fhall have and be entitled to fuch and the like benefit of preference in the redemption of fuch land tax, from and after the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, as is given to them refpeftively by the faid aft until the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

tax II. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no land any otherper- tax	before	the	faid	twenty-fifth	day	of	June	one	thoufand

fons before feven hundred and ninety-nine, be put up to fale by auction or June25,1799, otherwife, or fold to any perfon or perfons other than fuch per-unlefs notice fon pr perfons as by this aft are enabled to redeem the fame fiTcVprefer^1 Pr‘or t0 t^e faid twenty-fifth day of June one thoufand feven encebegiven. hundred and ninety-nine, except where notice fhall be given not;

to claim the benefit of preference given by this aft.

^rfo/sUn&c5> IH* And be it further enafted, That, from and after the fnterefted in twenty-fifth day oijune one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-lands, may nine, any perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, having any redeem on the intereft in any manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or herein™ efo™S ditaments, may at any time thereafter, contraft and agree for while the t^le redemption of their land tax charged thereon, in the fame land tax re- manner, and under the fame terms and conditions, as fuch per-mains unfold, fons, bodies, corporations, or companies, may do prior to the faid twenty-fifth day of June-, provided that fuch land tax fhall then remain unfold in purluance of the provifions of the faid No land tax aft: provided alfo, That no land tax fhall be fold in purfuance 10 fold to Qf	aft, after the faid twenty-fifth day of June one thou-

foifs intereft- ^an(^ ^even hundred and ninety-nine, in any cafe where the per-erd, where they fons, bodies, corporations, or companies, fhall have given notice have given ^ to the refpeftive commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid aft, notice of their Gf an intention of redeeming the fame in purfuance thereof, other than to fuch perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, in-terefted as aforefaid : provided alfo. That no fuch land tax (hall be redeemed by any bodies, corporations, or companies, having any eftate in remainder, reverfion, or expeftancy, in the manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereon fuch

intention to redeem 5 nor redeemed by reverfioners for three months,

iii poftefton land tax fhall be charged, for the Ipace of three months after give fuch notice given to the refpeftive commiflioners, by any perfons, notice,	"	bodies,

Hosted by

Google

1798.3	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 6.	23

bodies, corporations, or companies, confidered by the faid a# as being in the a#ual pofleffion of the faid manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of an intention to redeem the fame in purfuance of this a#.

IV.	And be it further ena#ed, That were any contra# (hall	s

be entered into after the twenty-fifth day of March one thou- March 25, fand feven hundred and ninety-nine, in purfuance of this a#, the transfers of capital ftock to be transferred as the confideration thereof, fhail frock to.be be made within the period of four years from the twenty-fifth

day o {June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, by the from June like number of inftalments, and on the like days in each year, the firft in-with the like power to transfer the fame by any lefs number of fralment on or inftalments or in advance, as by the faid recited a# is allowed, before Aug. 1. and the firfl: of the faid inftalments fhail, in every fuch cafe be made I0, on or before the firfl: day of Auguji one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

V.	And be it further ena#ed, That where the land tax charged

upon the glebe lands or tythes of any living (hall not have been glebe or redeemed by the incumbent thereof before the twenty-fifth day tythes is not of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, then it redeemed by fhail be lawful for the patron of the advowfon of fuch living* at the incumbent any time after the faid-twenty fifth day of March, to contra#	patron

the redemption of the land tax charged thereon, in the fame ^nay redeem manner in all refpe#s as a perfon feized or entitled in remainder, as aYeVer-reverfion, or expe#ancy, is by the faid a# entitled to contra#;, ^bere the provided always, That were fuch land tax (hall have been re-liv*ng fhail deemed by the incumbent of fuch living out of his own eftate, or not have been by the patron thereof, and fuch living (hall , not have been ex-exonerated by onerated therefrom, it fhail be lawful for the incumbent who (hall next fucceed to fuch living at any time after his inftitution fucceeding^ or indu#ion, or donation thereto, to demand an alfignment of incumbent -fuch land tax from the preceding incumbent, or his reprefen-may demand tatives in cafe of his death, or from fuch patron, or his heirs or t^f”^ent reprefentatives, as the cafe may be, in the fame manner as a per- °ax as anre-fon in remainder, reverfion, or expe#ancy, is by the faid a# verfioner authorifed to demand an afiignment of any land tax on his or her coming into eftate or intereft becoming; vefted in pofteftion.	pofteffionmay

VI. And be it further ena#ed and declared, That for the

do under f. 18. of 38

purpofe of railing money for the redemption of the land tax, by Geo. 3. c. 60. the fale, mortgage, or grant of any manors, meffuages, lands* Lands may be tenements, or hereditaments, authorifed to be fold or charged By fold ormori-the faid a# palled in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his,£aged to re-prefent Majefty, or this a#, all and every the provifions thereof, faxmi^the^ ' relating to fuch fale, mortgage, or grant, lhall be conftrued to whole eftate extend to empower the fale, mortgage, or grant, of fo many,v9r ok the feller, fuch part or parts of fuch manors, meffuages, lands, tenements,.whether or hereditaments, as (hall be fufficient for the purpofe not only, of redeeming fuch land tax, if any, as .may be charged on the	ornot/if'

manors, melfuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fold, limited to the mortgaged, or charged, but alfo of redeeming the land tax fame ufes;^ charged on the. reft or any other part or parts of,fuch their or his



manors.

Hosted by Google

24	Anno	regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

m one conn- manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whether, b^e	all	fame	Hiall be refpeblively fituate in the fame or any other

others.	place or divifion of the fame county, riding, (hire, or ftewartry,

or in any other county, riding, (hire, or ftewartry, and whether the fame {hall be charged or not charged with land tax, provided they refpecfively (land fettled and limited to the fame ufes, and in the fame order and courfe of limitation ; and that all and every the certificates which fhall be granted in any divifion of any county, riding, {hire, ftewartry, or place, (hall be as valid and effectual in all refpetts, in every other divifion of the fame county, riding, {hire, or ftewartry, and alfo in every other county, riding, (hire, or ftewartry, in Great Britain, for the purpofe of afcertaimng the amount of land tax^charged on the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprized in fuch certificates, and for authorifing and enabling the completion of the contrabt to be made thereon, by fale, mortgage, or grant of other manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,' wherefoever fituate, in Great Britain, as they might be under the faid a£1, within the county, riding, fibre, ftewartry, or divifion, where fuch certificates fhall be granted.

Any perform VII. And be it further enabled, That when any body politick

deein^his la/Ld OI* ^orPorate3 0r other perfon or perfons, who fhall redeem any tax*(notSex-	tax	charged	in	any	county, riding, {hire, ftewartry, or place,

ceeding 25I. fhall be defirous to pay the confideration for the fame in lawful perann.) for a rfibtiey of Great Britain, in lieu of transferring (lock in three confideration,'p0ljnds per centum bank annuities, in the manner, by the faid adt be pai^the^ direvfted, it (hall be lawful for him, her, or them fo to do, pro-receiver gel ;’vided the land tax fo to be redeemed or purchafed in fuch county, nefial, and ;f Tiding, (hire, ftewartry, or place, (hall not exceed the fum or proportioned twenty-five pounds per annum; and in every fuch cafe the con-priceof^*^'tra<^ fhall be *n the f°rm anc^ to the effetft expreffed in the fche-psr cent!con- dule to this a<ft annexed; and the confideration for fuch redemp-iols; the con- tion fhall be fo much of lawful money of Great Britain, to be irabfcto be in pajd jnto ^he hands of the receiver genera] of the land tax for the rebtecUn tfie c°dnty, riding, or place, in England, or his deputy or colleger tehedule. for the {hire, ftewartry, or place in Scotland, where the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of which the faid ' land tax fhall be fo redeemed, (hall be fituate, as, according to the current price of flock tranfmitted to fuch receiver general or dbjleblor, at fuch of the refpebtive periods herein after mentioned See f.	as the party (hall eleeft, (hall be fufficient to purchafe fo much

P g ^ capital ftock of publick annuities, in this acl mentioned, as will > - yield an annuity or dividend exceeding the amount of the land - ^ tax fo to be redeemed as gforefaid by one tenth part thereof; The receiver afid fach receiver general or colleclor, or their refpeeftive depu-t^eSj and’ they are hereby refpebtively authorifed and required, receipt to be upon the production of the certificate of the amount of the land indorled on tax to be redeemed, and of the contrabl entered into thereupon, t)ie contract. as herein is direbled, to accept and receive fuch fum or fums of money which fhall have been contracted to be paid as the con* ... fideratioin fot fuch redemption, and (hall give a certificate or receipt,

r

Hosted by Google

25

1798-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 6.

ceipt, acknowledging fuch payment, which (hall be indorfed on fuch contrail; and fuch certificate or receipt (hall be as valid and effeilual in all refpeils, after the regiftry thereof, (which regiftry is hereby directed and allowed to be made), as the certificate or . receipt of the cafhier or cafliiers of the bank is by the faid ait direited to be, in cafe the confideration was to be transferred in three pounds per centum bank annuities.	i,

VIII.	And be it further enailed, That the cafhier or cafliiers ^nfafit^he of the governor and company of the bank of England ill all, and prjce 0f con-they are hereby required, on Tuefday in every week,'the fame not iols every being a holyday, or being a holyday, then on the day preceding, Tuefday to the not being a holyday, to caufe an account of the average price at ta? ** u which the three pounds per centum eonfolidated annuities (hail ip], the fame7 have been fold on fuch day, (or otherwife on the following open intheGazette, day on which fuch flock fhatl be fold, in cafe any flock (hall and tranfmit * have been fold, and the books for fuefi fide fihal 1 be opened at the

bank of England on fuch day), and (hall caufe the fame to be ral^whcf(hall tranfmitted to the commifiioners for the affairs of taxes, who adjuft the-(hall thereupon caufe the fame to be pubh(hed in the London confideration Gazette, and alfo tranfmitted to the refpeitive receivers general the^redfim^ in the feveral counties, ridings, or places in England, and to the t;on 0r ^he receiver general in Scotland, to be by him tranfmitted to the re- land tax fpeilive colleilors in the feveral (hires, flewartries, and places in accordingly* Scotland or their refpeilive deputies; which account, fo publifhed and tranfmitted, (hall be fufiicient authority to fuch receivers general or their deputies, and to fuch collectors, to fettle and adjuft the fums which ought to be paid as the confideration for the redemption of fuch land tax on all payments made after the receipt of fuch account, and before the receipt of any fubfequent account, if the faid books at the bank of England (hall then remain open for fuch fales.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the party entering into The party re-fuch contract may elet to pay the confideration for the redemp-

tion of the land tax either according to the current price of the whokk

faid flock, as the fame (hall have been tranfmitted to fuch re- confideration

ceiver or colletor in the week preceding the day of entering within one

into the fame, in which cafe the whole of the money (hall be paid c^dVn^to

to fuch receiver or collector within the week in which luch t]ie

contract (hall be entered into, (computing the fame from the current pric®

Tuefday to the IVednefday in the following week), or according of dock; or

to the current price of flock, as the fame (hall be tranfmitted to 16

*	«	J	merits ac~

fuch receiver or colleitor in the week preceding the day or days cordingtothe

ftipulated for payment, in which cafes fuch confideration may price of dock

be paid by fixteen inftalments within the (pace of four years, or in the week.

by any lefs number of inftalments, or by one payment, as the

party (hall choofc,and (hall caufe to be ftipulated in the contract; payment;

and in every fuch cafe the fum ftipulated to be paid (hall be or by any lefs *

duly paid to the refpeilive receivers or colleilors on the day or number of

days ftipulated in fuch contrails refpe&ively; and if any perfon ^^one8*

fo contracting fhall negleit or omit to pay fuch fum of money payment, the

on the day or days, or within the time ftipulated in fuch con-price to be af-

trad, stained at

Hosted by

Google

26	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1^98.

tra#, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit one lixteenth part of the confideration to be paid for the redemption of land tax mentioned in fuch contract-, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered by the faid a#.

X- Provided always, and be it further ena#ed, That upon every contra# entered into as aforefaid, upon which the payment of money (hall be made by inftalments, there (hall be paid at the time of making the fecond, and fo of every fubfequent in-ftalment upon fuch contra#, into the hands of fuch refpe#ive receivers or colle#ors, (whole receipt fhall be a fufficient dif-charge), to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, a purchafeSr ^um money? by way of intereft, equal to the amount of the fhall pay, by land tax redeemed, dedu#ing therefrom a fum bearing the fame way of inte- proportion to fuch land tax as the amount of the dock to be pur-3eft, a pro- chafed with the money then before paid bears to the whole U^i^tax^re-^ arnount °f ftock to be purchafed with the money agreed to be paid in fuch contra#, of which fums fo to be paid by way of intereft, a feparate account (hall be kept by fuch refpe#ive receivers and colle#ors, and the fame (hall be applied in the fame manner as in the faid a# is dire#ed with refpe# to the intereft coniraiiuon- thereby made payable.

€rS °r a‘e ° XI. And be it further ena#ed, That whenever any contra# (hall be entered into in purfuance of this a#, the commiftioners appointed for the redemption and fale of the land tax, with whom 1 fuch contra# fhall be made, fhall forthwith caufe an abftra# to be tranfmitted to the receiver general of the fame county or

the day of payment, bn failure of paying any initalment, the party to forfeit i-i6th of the confideration agreed for.

On payment of the id and all other in-

land tax re< deemed.

On making i'uch contrails the commiffion-

the land tax fhall caufe ab-Itraits to be tranfmitted to ] the receivers general of

fuch parts of riding in England, or to the receiver genera! of Scotland, of fuch contracts as will enable them to ascertain the ilock

parts of fuch contra#s as will enable fuch receivers general to afeertain the amount of ftock to be purchafed as the confideration for the redemption of land tax redeemed by fuch con-

ed for the redemption of the land tax, &c. an account of which the receiver general fli all

to be purchaf- tra#, or intended fo to be, the fums in money payable on fuch contra#, and the day or days of payment thereof; an account of which ftock, fums of money, and the day or days of payment thereof, the faid receivers general refpe#ively (hall forthwith caufe to be tranfmitted to the commiftioners for the affairs of taxes, for the information of the commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury; and the faid commiftioners of the treafury, communicate or any three or more of them for the time being, are hereby empowered to dire#, from time to time, as there lhall be occafion, fufficient money to be advanced to the commiftioners for the redu#ion of the national debt, for the purchafe of fo much capital ftock as (hall be mentioned in fuch contra#, before or on the refpe#ive days appointed for the payment of the fums payable on fuch contra#, or as foon after as the fame can conveniently be done, out of any monies in the hands of fuch receivers general refpe#ively, or out of any publick monies in the receipt the reduction of the exchequer, applicable to the fupplies and fervice of the year, as to the faid commiftioners of the treafury (hall feem expedient; which fums fo advanced (hall be, from time to time, replaced by and out of the monies to be paid upon fuch contra# to fuch receivers general, and the ftock fo purchafed (hall be, placed irv

the

to the tax office for the information of the trta-fury, who ffiall dire61 money to be advanced to the com-miffioners for

of the na tional debt, for the pur-, chafe of the ftock mentioned in the contract.

Hosted by

Google

1798.] Annoregai triceflmo nono Georgii III. c. 6.	27

the name of the commifiioners for the reduction of the national which fhall be debt, for the ufes and purpofes of this a<ft, and as if the fame	monies

had been purchafed by and with the monies paid on fuch con- t0 \>t p trail.	upon fuch

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enailed, That where contract,

any manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fhall Where l.inda be fold by virtue of the faid ail or of this ail, for the purpofe of ^eruption redeeming any land tax, it fhall be lawful for the perfon or cf the land perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, making fuch fale, to tax, the fel-agree with the purchafer of fuch manors, mefTuages, lands, kf may agree tenements, or hereditaments fo propofed to be fold, that the chafer that1" purchafe money for the fame (hall be paid by inftalments, pro- the purchafe vided fuch inftalments be to be paid into the bank of England in money fhall, the manner directed by the faid ail, within the fame period,	hy

and on the fame days and times as fhall be fpecified in the con-

trad for the redemption of fuch land tax, for the transfer or into the bank payment of the refpeclive inftalments of flock to be transferred on the days thereon, together with intereft at the time of payment of each fpecifred in inftalment, as in the faid act is direded to be paid upon the ©/redemption transfer of ftock by inftalments: provided alfo. That fuch for the tra nf-agreement, and the days and times flipulated for the payment fer of (lock; of fuch inftalments, and the amount thereof refpeitively, be facJjtagr^* inferted and exprefted in the indenture whereby fuch manors, ^teVhi the meftuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, fhall be conveyed : conveyance provided alfo. That if the perfon who fhall have entered into of the lands fuch contrail for the redemption of fuch land tax, (hail die 5 ^onco before the transfer and payment of all the faid inftalments, then tradfngfonhe and in fuch cafe the future inftalments fhall be made good by the redemption perfon or perfons who (hall for the time being be entitled to the die before the manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the land transfer and tax whereof fhall have been fo redeemed, and the afters of the alUhZ?n-° perfon fo dying (hall not be liable to make good the fame.	ftalments, the

future inftalments fhall be made good by the perfons entitled to the lands exonerated $ and the aifets of the perfon dying fhall not be liable.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That if the ^ Purc^a*

fer fail in paying his

faid refpedlive inftalments, or the intereft to be paid thereon, fhall not be paid by fuch purchafer into the bank of Englandmitaiments, on the days and times whereon the fame ought to be paid as the perfons aforefaid, then it (hall be lawful for the perfon or perfons, bodies, ^rho

have been beneficially

corporations, or companies, who would for the time being have been beneficially entitled to the faid manors, meftuages, lands, entitled'to tenements, and hereditaments, in cafe the fame had not been the lands, fold upon every fuch default to enter into and hold and enjoy lfnot lQld, fuch manors, meftuages, lands, tenements and hereditameins, ^a^1at1^into and by all lawful ways and means to recover and compel the compel payment of fuch refpeitive inftalments, and the intereft thereon, payment, in like manner as if the lame had been fecured by an actual aiKl the (a™e mortgage of fuch manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or	C

hereditaments, and the fame may again be put up to fale for the {aic for raif-purpofe of railing the money remaining unpaid under and fubjeil ing themoney to the fame terms and conditions bv which the fame might be reaming

. " k>idunfmd*

Hosted by

Google

28

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III c. 6. [1798.

fold in the firft inftance, and with the like power of relief, in all cafes, to the purchafer making fuch default, as is given by the faid a<5l in cafes of default in transferring flock by the party ,	,	contracting for the land tax.

?Tf	XIV.	Provided	alfo, and be it enabled, That where any

for	not	manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall be

ex. ;. : ag fold or charged for the purpofe of redeeming any land tax, and

ccnfi Oration money to ar^e ^erehy fhall not exceed the fum of five forVed^emp-11 hunted pounds, and the consideration for the redemption of tion is to be fuch land tax fhall in the contradl be ftipulated to be paid in paid in money, money, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the refpedtive the purchafer pUrchafers or mortgagees of fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tene-fold-maypay ments> or hereditaments, or the refpedlive grantees of any rent the purchafe charge thereout, to pay their refpedlive purchafe or mortgage money to the monies to the receiver general for the county or riding, or the receiver ge- collector for the (hire or flewartry, where the fame manors, receiptTfhah meffuages> lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fhall be lituate, be equivalent vvhofe receipts fhall be as effedlual in all refpedts to difcharge to thofe of the fuch refpe<Sive purchafers, mortgagees, or grantees, as the receipt of the cafhier of the bank of England would have been in cafe fuch money had been paid into the bank; and the refpec-tive perfon, bodies, corporations, or companies, whofe land tax .fhall have been redeemed therewith, fhall be entitled to have and receive the fame difcharges, and their refpedlive eflates fhall be exonerated and difcharged from fuch land tax, in the fame manner, in all refpedls, as if fuch monies had been actually paid by them; and in cafe there (hall be any furplus of fuch monies after referving the confideration for fuch land tax, the fame fhall be paid to a truflee or truflees to be named by the refpedlive perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, redeeming fuch land tax, in order that the fame may be applied in the manner directed by the faid adt refpedling furplus flock, where the fame fhall not exceed two hundred pounds flock.

TriihC&-any	And	beit	further enabled, That where, in any parifh or

fheWefl-"' place the fums rated and affefTed by any affeflment made by virtue ments under of an adl, paffed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his the land tax prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majejly Wt feflion	a tax t0 ratfe^ tn Great Britain, y#/* the fervice of the year

fnall exceed	one thoufandfeven hundred and ninety-eight,on the manors,mefluages,

or be ief6 than lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in fuch pariftror place, (hall the fum	exceed or be lefs in amount than the fum which	has been fet or

(CST^arifh ^TjP°^e^ upon fuch parifb or place, in refpedl of the faid manors, &c. the com- naclfuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, it fhall be lawful roiflioners of for the commiflioners of land tax acting for the divifion where land tax may, fuch parifh or place is fituate, and they are hereby required, rf'mSn^and'*	feven days affer any complaint thereof fhall be lodged

fettlethe fame*	c^er^	to	fuch commilfioners by any perfon charged in

and in cafe of fuch affeiTment, (of which complaint fuch clerk is hereby required doubt from	to give notice to all fuch of the commiflioners	adling for the

variation in	fai<j divifion who fhall be then refident within the	fame), to meet

former affcff.	together

y dllU.

the furplus, if any, after redemption of the land tax, may be paid to a truftee for the feller.

f. 34-.

Hosted by Google

1798-] Anno regni tficefimo norio Georgii III. c. 6.	ig

together at their ufual place of meeting within their divifion, at meats, the 1

which meeting the faid commifiioners fhall proceed to afcertain

o	#	*	#	hp determined

and fettle the juft fum which has been fet or impofed upon fuch ^ a certifi-

parifh or place in fefpecl of the faid manors, mefluages, lands, cate from the

tenements, or hereditaments; and in cafe any doubt {hall arife exchequer;

amongft the faid commifiioners, by reafon of any variation in

former afleflments, as to the amouht of the fiim which fhall thenap-

have been fet and impofed upon any parlftl or place* the fame portioned over

fhall and may be determined by the certificate of the King’s the parifh by

remembrancer from the rolls of the exchequer in England\ and by ^o^s^rTthe

the certificate of one of the barons of the exchequer in Scotland, fame pr’0p0r-

from the duplicates returned to them refpeftively for the period of tions in which

twenty years laft pad, and if the faid duplicates fhall vary, then they were

from the duplicate for the year next antecedent to fuch period ; before 1

which certificate the faid remembrancer in England and barons ®

in Scotland fhall give, at the requeft of the faid commifiioners,

gratis^ and the fame fhall be final and conclufive ; and when

fuch aflefl'ment fhall have been lefs in amount than the fum

which ought to be impofed upon fuch parifh or place, the faid commiflioners fhall caufe the deficiency to be aflefled upon the refpeftive manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, charged with land tax in fuch parifh or place by the faid aflefl'ment, as nearly as may be, according to the fame proportions in which they refpeftively flood charged before fuch adjuftment; and when fuch aflefl'ment fhall exceed in amount the fum which ought to be impofed upon fuch parifh or place, the faid com-miflioners fhall* caufe the excefs to be dedufted and abated from

the fums charged upon the refpeftive manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fuch parifh or place, as nearly as may be, according to the fame proportions in which fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments refpec-tively flood charged before fuch adjuftment.

XVI.	And be it further enabled. That where, in any pari fh where any or place the fums rated and aflefled, or to be rated and aflefled, lands are by virtue of the faid laft mentioned aft, on the manors, mefluages, omitted to be lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in fuch parifh or place, (hall »ot have been charged upon all the manors, mefluages, lands, any perfor/ tenements, and hereditaments, fituate in fuch parifh or place, aggrieved by and chargeable to the faid rate, then and in every fuch cafe it fuch omiffioa fhall be lawful for any perfon or perfons having any intereft in any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, f10neTS) gmng charged by the faid aflefl'ment, in fuch parifh or place, who fhall feven d’ays think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by reafon of any notice, though fuch omiflion, to appeal to the commifiioners ofland taxor fupply,	ea^under

aftingfor fuch parifh or place, in order that the manors, mefluages, the aft be lands, tenements,or hereditaments, omitted to befocharged, may expired; and be duly charged in fuch aflefl'ment, notwithftanding the time limit- the commit', ed for making appeals in and by the faid laft mentioned aft fhall **l0nt\rs be expired; provided the perfon or perfons fo intending to appeal time for fhall give feven days previous notice thereof, in writing, to one hearing the or piore of the aflefl'ors of the parifh or place where fuch afleff- appeal.

ment

Hosted by Google

3<>	Annoregni	tricefimo	nono	Georgii lit. c. 6. [179S.

merit fhall be made; and the faid affeffor or affeffors {hall give publick notice of any appeal fo made, by affixing the lame in writing on the church or chapel door, or on the market houfe or crofs, or other place where notices have been ufually affixed in fuel] parilh or place ; which notice (hall be deemed good and fufficient to all and every perfons chargeable by fuch affeffment, in refpedt of their manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, -as aforefaid ; and the refpeitive commiffioners ailing for the divifions where fuch appeals (hall be made, fhall appoint a convenient time for hearing and determining the fame, of which they fhall caufe the like publick notice to be given as aforefaid.

Commiffioners XVII. And be it further enailed, That if upon fuch any appeal in^lir'h hear~	aPPear t0 fold commiffioners, or any three or more of

appeals, direct them, or the major part of them then prefent, for hearing and affeffors to determining fuch appeals, by proof upon oath or affirmation, makeanew (which oath or affirmation the faid commiffioners are hereby ^ua^tlfea,lthorifed to adminiiler), that any manors, meffiiages, lands, former affiffi- tenements, or hereditaments, have been omitted to be charged in ment.	fuch affieffiment, it fhall be lawful for the faid commiffioners to

direcSt the affeffors to make a new rate, by afteffing all fuch manors, meffiiages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in fuch parifh or place, as were omitted to be affeffed in the former affeffment, and to deduct the amount thereof from the charge upon other manors, meffiiages, lands, tenements, ana hereditaments, as were before charged in fuch affeffment, in proportion as the fame were fo refpeitively charged therein, without altering the refpeilive proportions at which the fame were fo charged, and upon the confirmation of fuch new affieffiment, to fettle and ' adjuft the fums which may have been overcharged upon and paid accordingly by any perfon or perfons charged in fuch former affeffment, and direct in what manner the fums overpaid fhall be returned, and thereupon to qualh fuch former affeff-ment.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaited That nothing ments ofC herein contained fhall be conftrued to authorife the faid com-perfons who miffioners of land tax or fupjdy to make any alteration in the ihall have affeffment of any perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or com-Pan^es’ w^° before the day to be appointed for hearing and determining fuch appeals as aforefaid, have contracted with the commiffioners fpecially named for that purpofe for the redemption of land tax charged upon his, her, or their manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and who (hall not at that time of entering into fuch contract have declared to the faid commiffioners his, her, or their option to be confidered on the fame footing as a perfon not interefted in the faid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, purchafing the land tax charged thereon, is by the faid firft recited ait confidered as far as relates to the land tax comprifed in fuch contract, unlefs the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, having fo contracted, (hall be defirous of refeinding the contrail fo

made.

redemption of their land Ux ; unlefs they declare th ir option to be confidered as purcha-fers or their drhre to reicind their contrail.

Hosted by Google

1798-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 6.	3r

made, or of declaring his, her, or their option refpe6ting the fame as aforefaid, and fhall give notice thereof to the com-miffioners of land tax or fupply before the day appointed for hearing and determining appeals under this a£t, in which cafes only the contracts fo made (hall become null and void in order to fuch alteration being made in fuch afleftment; but otherwife every fuch contra£l, whereupon fuch option (hall not have been declared, fhall ftand good, and the manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereon the land tax fo redeemed (hall be charged, fhall be and continue exonerated from the fame, and from all further afieffments according to the directions of the faid firft recited act, and as if this adt had not been made; and the land tax fo redeemed fhall be entered in fuch new affefT-

ment as the juft charge in refpedt of the manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo exonerated.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, Tha!t where, Future

in any parifh or place, any rate charged upon any manors, contrails to mefTuages, lands,, tenements, or hereditaments, fhall be altered fuchaUer-by virtue of this adt, all fuch contrails as aforefaid, which fhall edafTdlments be entered into after the day for hearing and determining appeals, fhall be regulated according to the charge in fuch altered affefT-ment.	In the fche‘

XX.	And be it further enadted, That in the fchedule or b^any^erfon defcription which fhall be produced to the commiflioners of land having benefit tax or fupply, or to the juftices of the peace, or to the clerk of preference, the peace, in any . county, riding, {hire, divifion, or place, by fctent to Rate virtue of the faid ail of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his the nature of prefent Majefty *, and of this ail, by any perfon or perfons, the premifes, bodies, corporations, or companies, having benefit of preference the name of as therein and herein is mentioned, that it fhall be fufHcient in ^occupier, fuch fchedule to ftate the refpeilive natures of the premifes, and where Pituate, the name or names of the occupier or occupiers thereof, and the and filch other parifh or place where the fame fhall be lituate, and fuch other circumstances circumftances as the faid commiflioners, or juftices, or cleric of as

the peace, fhall require, without ftating therein the quantities or the commif-reputed quantities of fuch premifes.	(loners, with-

XXL And be it further enabled. That where any body politick out dating or corporate, or company, or other perfon or perfons, (hall	'

redeem his, her, or their land tax, by or out of his, her, or their w^ere* er own perfonal eftate, or by or out of any truft property applicable fon/redeem to fuch redemption by virtue of the faid adt, or by and out of any their land monies which fhall arife and be produced by any mortgage or tax by any grant to be made by virtue of the faid adt, or by any other means other means than by fale under the faid adt, and alfo where any fuch body d^mand^n* politick or corporate, or company, or other perfon or perfons, alignment fhall be entitled under the faid adt, on the determination of any from purchaf-precedent eftate, to demand an alignment of 2ny contract from the perfon or perfons who fhall have entered into the fame, for the redemption of any land tax, his, her, or their executors, Way as perfons adminiftrators, or affigns, it fhall be lawful for all and every in actual fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other perfons,	in

either:

initance.

Hosted by Google

3%

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [17980

either for the purpofe of reimburfing all fums of money laid out in the redemption of fuch land tax, or of paying off any fums borrowed on that account, or for the purpofe ofc* railing money to purchafe the alignment of any contradl from the proprietor or proprietors thereof, to carry into execution all and every or any of the powers by the faid a£l or this given, in order to raife money by iale for the redemption of any land tax, in fuch and the fame manner, and under and fubje£f to fuch and the fame rules, reftritftions, and regulations, in all refpedls,* as any bodies, corporations, or companies, or other perfon or perfons being in the adlual poffeffion, or beneficially entitled to the rents and profits of any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements-; or hereditaments* are by the faid a£l ind this a£t empowered to carry the fame into execution for the purpofe of redeeming any fuch land tax in the firft inllance.

If the a&ing commillioners of land tax refufe to grant certificates of the amount of the land tax, judices in their petty fefiions, or the clerks of the peace, may grant the lame; and the clerk of the commidioners refuting to produce duplicates of theafiefl'ments to fuch juft ice.*, on their order, flmll forfeit Sol.

Certificates ?. ran ted by commdfionei s not having qualified, /hall be valid ; and the commii-fioners dial I be indemnified, on I heir qualifying.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That if the adling com-mifiionets of the land tax, in any divifion or place, {hall, before the paffmg of this a6f, have refufed, or hereafter fliall refufe, to grant certificates of the amount of the land tax charged upon any perfonor perfons applying for the fame, then and in fuch cafe it {hall be lawful for thejufiices of the peace, affembled at any petty fefiions to be holden in and for fuch divifion and place, and alfo for the refpective clerks of the peace in the refpedlive counties wherein fuch divifions or places {hall be fituate, and they are hereby refpedlively required, upon complaint of fuch refufal as aforefaid, and upon the production of fuch fchedule as is in and by the faid act dire&ed to be produced to the faid commif-fionersof land tax, to grant to the perfon or perfons applying for the fame fuch and the like certificate or certificates of the amount of his, her, or their land tax, as is by the faid a£t directed to be granted by the faid commifiioners of land tax, and for that purpofe the faid juftices are hereby empowered to order the duplicates of the afiVffrnents of land tax in the cufiody of the clerk to fuch commifiioners of land tax, or any other perlbn or perfons, to be brought before them ; and in cafe the faid clerk to thecommif-fioners fhall refule to deliver up the faid duplicates, when fo required to do by the faid jufiices, he fhall for every fuch refufal forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in fuch manner as other penalties are by the faid a£t directed to be recovered, and all certificates granted in purfuance of this a£f fhall be as valid and effedlual as if the fame were granted by the commifiioners acfling in and for fuch divifion or place*, and all certificates which fhall have been figned by any perfon or perfons named in any aef or a<5\s of parliament for appointing commifiioners for the county or riding within which fuch certificates may have been granted, although fuch commifiioners (hall not have before a£led in the particular divifion or place where the faid certificates were granted, or fnall have omitted to take the feveral oaths prescribed by anv a£t or a£ts of parliament to be taken by fuch commifiioners, (hall in like manner be valid and effedlual to all the intents and Diimofes of the faid acl,and therefpedfive commiflianers who

fhall

Hosted by Google

x'/9S.T Anno regni cricefimo nono Georgii ITT. c. 6.	33

fhallrhave fo figned the fame, (hall and'are hereby refpeftively indemnified for fo doing, and fhall be freed and difcharged from all penalties and rlifabilities whatever incurred thereby, provided that fuch commifiioners (hall, within three calendar months after the paffing of this aft, take all fuch oaths as aforefaid, which he or they may have omitted to take before the granting fuch certificates.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That is.onlytobe no greater fee or reward (hall be taken or demanded by any clerks of the fuch clerk of the peace for any certificate granted under the pefl(le for fuch authority of this aft, than one (hilling in refpeft of each fum fo’certificates, certified.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That were the execu- Where the tors, administrators, or afiigns of any perfon or perfons, who

fhali have redeemed the land tax charged on any manors, demptioners meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, by or out of are entitled to his, her, or their own eftate, fhall be entitled under the faid aft receive the to receive an annuity or intereft out of fuch manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, equal to the amount of the redeemed as land tax which fhall have been fo redeemed, it fhall be lawful an annuity, for fuch executors, adminifirators, or afiigns, from time to time, they (hall have to ufe the fame powers and remedies for the recovery of fuch ^dieTas^* * annuity or interefi as landlords can or may ufe for the recovery iancjiords* of rents in arrear; and alfo, that where any bodies politick or and fo fhall corporate, and companies, or any perfons having any efiate or reverfioners, interefi in remainder, reverfion, or expeftancy, or being fubfti-tute heirs of pntail in any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, to\e conii_ or hereditaments, fhall, under and by virtue of the faid recited dered as pur-aft of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, chafers), till and of the benefit of preference thereby given, by and out of	ftTff

his, her, or their own property, contraft for the redemption of goru ^	'/

the land tax charged thereon, during the continuance of any. preceding efiate or interefi, (not being a leafe or demife -at rack rent,) and fhall not in the contraft for the redemption thereof declare his or her option to be confidered on the fame footing as a perfon not interefied in the faid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under the faid aft is confidered, then and in fuch cafe the corporations or companies, or other perfons in reverfion, remainder, or expeftancy, or being fubfti-tute heirs of entail as aforefaid, fhall in the mean time, until their refpeftive efiates and interefis veft in poffefiion by reafon of the determination of the preceding efiate, be entitled to have and receive the amount of the land tax fo redeemed, and fhall have the fame powers and remedies for the recovery of the land tax fo redeemed as landlords may ufe for the recovery of rents in arrear.

XXV.	And be it further enafted. That when two or more Joint tenants,

perfons fhall be feifed or entitled in undivided (hares and propor- &c. may re-*	t	-	•• ; deem their

tions, either as coparceners, tenants in common, or joint te- pr0p0rtion of

nants, of or to any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or here- land tax, and

ditaments, it fhall be lawful for any one or more of fuch perfons on a partition

vol.xlii.

D

to

their (hare

Hosted by

Google

34

fhall be exonerated.

On one of fuch joint tenants, &c. neglecting to redeem, any other fuch tenant may claim a preference.

Per tons may fell lands by parcels to make good Inftalments; the particular inftalment to be fatisfied fhall be fpcci-fied in the

Anno regni tricefimo nono Qeorgii 111. c. 6. [1798.

to apply to the commiflioners of land tax or fupply, acting in and for the divifion, {hire, ftevvartry, or place, wherein fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, {hall be fituate, to fettle and adjuft the amount and proportion of each of fuch perfon’s (hare of and in the land tax charged thereon, and to grant a certificate thereof5 and the faid commiflioners fhall grant fuch certificate to the perfon or perfons applying for the fame, and thereupon it {hall be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons to claim the like benefit of preference for the redemption of bis, her, or their proportion of the faid land tax, and do all acts neceflary for carrying fuch contract into execution, in the fame manner as if fuch proportion of land tax had been feparately charged on any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements* or hereditaments, and as if fuch perfon or perfons was or were folely feifed or entitled; and in cafe partition fhall, at any time after the redemption of fuch land tax, be made of the faid manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, between fuch coparceners, tenants in common, or joint tenants, then and in fuch cafe the manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which fhall upon fuch partition be allotted to the perfon or perfons who (hall fo have redeemed his, her, or their proportion of the faid land tax, {hall, immediately upon fuch partition being completed, be and become exonerated and difeharged from fuch land tax, and every,part thereof.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any one or more of fuch perfon or perfons, who {hall be feifed or entitled, in undivided {hares or proportions, of or to any manors, mefluages* lands, tenements, or hereditaments as aforefaid, fhall neglect or refufe to redeem his, her, or their proportion or proportions of the land tax charged on fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for any other or others of fuch perfon or perfons to claim the like benefit of preference for the redemption of the proportion or proportions of the perfon or perfons fo neglecting or refufing to redeem, of and in fuch land tax, and to contract for the redemption thereof, and to do all acts neceflary for carrying fuch contract into execution, as he, fhe, or they can claim or do for the redemption of his, her, or their own proportion of the faid land tax, and to .difeharge the faid manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, from his, her, or their jufl: proportion of the land tax fo redeemed, and to have the refldue as an annuity, in the fame manner as any perfon having a limited eftate may do on his or her redeeming the land tax, in preference to perfons in reverfion, remainder, or expectancy.

XXVJI. And be it further enacted, That it {hall be lawful for an body politick or corporate, or company aforefaid, or any other perfon or perfons who is or are authorifed by the faid act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or by this act, to fell any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, for the purpofe of redeeming his, her, or their land tax, to put up to foie, from time to time.

Hosted by

Google

^ tn whole were fold at once.

t798.J Anno regni triccfiqio nono Georgii III. c. 6.	35

fuch part or parcel of fuch manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, conveyance, or hereditaments, as {hall be neceflary for the purpofe of making good the refpedive inftalments agreed to be transferred for re- be^raifed by deeming fuch land tax, as the fame fhall refpedively become all iuch laics due, or any number of fuch inftalments at once, as rtiaiI feem than if the moft expedient: provided always, That in every conveyanc be made upon fuch Tales, there {ball be fpecified the particular inftalmcnt or inftalments for the payment of which fuch fale 'fhall have been made, and the amount thereof: provided alfo,

That no more money {hall be raifed by all fuch fales together than would or might be raifed under the provifions of the faid ad, or this ad, if the whole had been fold at one time.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That if	hinds

the manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, different**1 which fhall be fp fold at various times, (hall be fituate in dif- counties, efferent counties, then and in fuch cafe the perfon, body, corpo- tificates of the ration, or company, who fhall be defirous of making any fuch

, lale, fhall, in cafe any manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or dn%d to the hereditaments, lituate in any other county, fhall have been fold commiffioners for the purpofe of making good any prior inftalment, produce in the county and fhew to the commiffioners for executing the faid ad, for the 'v!?^re ^ county or place wherein the manors, mefTuages, lands, tene- pjgg^e^made, ments, or hereditaments, fo propofed to be fold, fhall be fituate, who may a certificate under the hands and Teals of the commiffioners for take examina-fuch other county or counties of fuch former fale or fales, which certificate fhall contain a ftatement and account of the manors,	files.

mefTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which fhall have been fo Told, and alfo the amount of the purchafe money for the fame, and the particular inftalments to be made good therewith, which certificate fuch laft mentioned commiffioners are hereby authorifed and required to give to the perfon, body, corporation, or company, applying for the fame; and fuch firft-mentioned commiftioners are hereby authoriled and empowered

. to examine, upon oath or affirmation, in the manner mentioned in the faid act, the perfon or perfons who fhall be defirous of making fuch Tale as laft-mentioned, touching any matters or things relating to any former fales, which fuch commiffioners may think neceffary for their information, and to receive any affidavit or depofition in wiiting in the manner mentioned in the faid ad.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled, That if any farm or lands The whole ufually occupied together, (hall be propofed to be fold under the ot a farm provifions of the faid ad;, in order to redeem the land tax be eligibly110 charged thereon, and alfo on other lands, tenements, or heredi- divided, but taments, which fTand fettled and limited to the fame ufes, and in which is more the. fame order and courfe of limitation, and which farm or ^tlo^deem lands fhall be more than fufficient for that purpofe; and in cafe f”ndt/x ^

it fhall appear to the fatisfadion of the commiffioners, that fuch may be fold, farm or lands cannot be divided in order that an adequate part with the con-thereof may be fold without lofs to the parties interefted, and in len-t ot the cafe the perfon or perfons who fhall be entitled to the firft or entitled,11 and

d 2	next	7

36

’he furplus ihall be inverted in the funds for the benefit of all concerned.

f. 3*.

Lords of manors may enfranchife copyholds though not feifed of legal eftates in the manor; rents not to be fold but to redeem land tax to the fame amount*. *f. 41,42.

Parirties may apply truft property applicable to charitable purpofes in redeeming land tax on lands fettled to charitable ufes, and the lands may be charged with an annuity equal to the income of the property applied, f. 40.

f. 44-

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

next beneficial eftate in -remainder, reverfion, or expectancy, being of full age, (hall confent and agree to the fale of the whole farm and lands fo propofed to be fold, on the terms and reftriclions herein mentioned, it fhall be lawful in fuch cafe for the commiffioners to direft and authorife the fale of the whole of fuch farm and lands, in the manner directed by the faid aftt; and the furplus money, after purchafing flock fufficient to redeem fuch land tax, and paying and difcharging the.cofls and expences attending the fale thereof,-fhall be placed in the books of the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the accountant-general of the court of chancery, to the intend that the fame may be laid out in the purchafe of flock; which flock, and the dividends and annual produce thereof, fhall be applied and difpofed of in fuch manner as in the faid aft is directed with refpeft to the furplus of flock purchafed with the money arifing from Tales, where no more fhall be fold than what fhall have been eligible or necefTary to be fold for the redemption of fuch land tax.

XXX.	And be it further enacted. That any perfon beneficially entitled unto any manor may, in the manner directed, and with the approbation of the court of chancery, in the manner required by the faid aft*, enfranchife copyhold or cuffomary eftates belonging to the fame, whether fuch perfon be feifed of a legal eftate in the fame manor or not; provided that no fale fhall be allowed of any rents under the faid aft, or this aft, at any lefs price than will, in the judgement of the commiffioners, be fufficient to redeem land tax to the fame amount.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That where any parifh or place is or fhall be under any aft of parliament, or any deed or will, or under any decree of any court, or otherwife, entitled to receive, apply, and difpofe of any truft property applicable to any charitable purpofes, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch parifh or place, and the truftees in whom fuch truft property is or fhall be veiled, to apply fuch truft property, or any part thereof, in the redemption of the land tax charged upon any manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fettled to charitable ufes, to the benefit of which any fuch parifh or place is or may be entitled; and by indenture or indentures, under the hands and Teals of the parfon, vicar, or curate, and ‘of the churchwardens and overfeers of fuch parifh or place, or of the major part of them, enrolled in fuch manner as is by the faid aft direfted with refpeft to indentures executed by truftees and other perfons for the fale of lands for redeeming the land tax, to charge fuch manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or a Sufficient part thereof, with the payment of an annuity or rent charge equal to the amount of the income of the truft property which fhall have been applied in the redemption of fuch land tax : provided always, That no fuch truft property fhall be fo applied, or annuity charged, without the approbation of two fuch juftices, certified in fuch manner and with fuch proof of notice as is by the faid aft direfted, in cafe of the application

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii Ilf. c. 6.	37

plication of the poor rates or church rates for the redemption of the land tax.

XXXII.	And be it further, enacted, That it (hall be lawful Truftees for for the truftees for the time being of any truft property hereto- funder fore given by any will, for the purpofe of being laid out in the any wills purchafe of lands or impropriate tythes, for the benefit of the may lay out poor clergy in England, with fuch confent as is required by fuch trull property will, to layout from time to time any fum or fums of money, ^ mm ion of which by virtue of fuch will now is, or are, or hereafter /hall be, jand tax on applicable for the purpofe aforefaid, in, for, or towards the pur- livings, chafe of fo much of three pounds per centum bank annuities before-mentioned as may be neceftary, (or to apply any portion, of

fuch three pounds per centum bank annuities as they may be pof-fefled of under their truft-, and as may be neceftary for the purpofe), for the redemption or purphafe of the land tax charged, or hereafter to be charged, in purfuance of the. faid acf of the laft feflion of parliament herein-before referred to, upon the c. 5. lands, tythes, or other profits arifing from fuch living or livings belonging to the church of England, as the faid truftees for the time being, with fuch confent as aforefaid, fthall think fit, the redemption of which land tax fhall have been contrabled for on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine now next enfuing; by the incumbent or incumbents of fuch living or livings, with the confent of the faid truftees, and of fuch other perfons whofe confent is required by fuch will, or the purchafe whereof fhall afterwards be con-trabled for at any fale by contract or publick aubfion, or other-wife, under the regulations of the faid a<ft, by fuch incumbent or incumbents with the like confents, and from time to time to transfer to the commiftioners for reduction of the national debt, fuch three pounds per centum bank annuities, according to fuch refpedfive contracts; and fuch transfers of ftock fhall, from the quarter day preceding the making thereof, wholly exonerate and aifeharge the lands, tythes, or other profits of fuch living- or livings, from the payment of the land tax fo redeemed or pur-chaled; and every fuch redemption or purchafe of land tax by n virtue of this a (ft, for the benefit of fuch living or livings, fhall be deemed valid and effeblual in the law, and equivalent, to all intents, conftruclions, and purpofes, to a purchafe or .purchafes of lands or tythes for that purpofe, under the trufts of fuch will; No glebe any ftatutes of mortmain, or other ftatute or law to the contrary^ lands ibid by notwithftanding. .	™cum-

XXXIII.	And be it further enabled, That no glebe lands Deeming the

which fhall be fold in purfuance of the faid aeft, by the incum- land tax, bent of any living for the purpofe of redeeming the land tax /hail be freed 'charged thereon, fhall be fold, freed or difeharged from the ^h'es^unle's tythes, unlels the ordinary of fuch living fhall certify his con- the ordinary fent that the fame fhall be difeharged from tythes at the time fhall certify of certifying his confent to the fale of fuch glebe lands.	his eonfem.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled. That it fhall be lawful Corporations

fqr all bodies politick or corporate, and companies, and all truf- or truftees

r	r	may tell lands

^ 3	iees	£otwuhilau<h.

3§

ing any bye laws, St c l again ft alienations.

Lands may be fold for redemption of land tax, either by pri-

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii TIL c. 6. [1798.

tees for charitable purpofes, being in refpect of their manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under the governance, guidance, or controul, of any private ftatutes, bye laws, ordinances, or regulations, retraining the alienations of fuch manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to fell or mortgage, or grant any rent charge out of fuch manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purpofe of redeeming the land tax thereon, or on any other manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies and truftees as afore-faid, in the manner authorifed by the faid act and this a<t, not-withftanding any fuch private ftatutes, bye laws, ordinances, or regulations, to the contrary.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That in cafes where any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, may be fold in purfuance of the faid act or of this act, for the purpofe of redeeming any land tax, it ftiall be lawful to fell the

au^ion^The^ ^ame> e^^er by private contract or by publick auction, provided, commiffioners that in ca^"e °f by private contract, the faid commiffioners being in the for executing the faid act (hall be fatisfied that the price agreed to be given for the fame is not lefs than the actual value thereof, according to any eftimate made or directed to be made by them, and verified upon oath, which any one of the commiffioners is hereby empowered to adminifter; provided alfo, That when they ftiall judge it neceffary to direct any fuch fale to be by pub-lick auction in purfuance of the faid adt, it (hall not be necef-fary to require any fuch eftimate as by the faid adt is required in cafes of fale.

XXXVI. And be it further enadted. That where any manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, ftiall be propofed to be fold or charged in purfuance of the faid adt and of this adt, it fhall be lawful to raife fo much money by fuch fale or charge as ftiall be fufficient not only for the purpofe of redeeming any land tax for which fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or

former cafe fatisfied that the price is adeq cate, according to an eftimate on oath.

Sufficient may be raifed by fale of lands to pay the expences of the fale, as well as of

thered°Un^ hereditaments, (hall be fold, but alfo for the purpofe of paying tio^mo^nev' an^ Satisfying all ftich cofts and expences as the perfon or per-fons, bodies, corporations, or companies, making any fuch fale or charge ftiall incur on account thereof; and it (hall be lawful for the faid commiftioners for executing the faid adf and this act, and alfo for any courts, where the authority of fuch courts is made requifite to fuch fale or charge, to order and diredf that fuch cofts and expences (ball be paid and fatisfied out of the purchafe money for the faid manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, before the fame fhall be paid by the refpective purchafers into the bank of England, purfuant to the directions of the faid adf, or that fo much thereof as they fhall deem fuf-ficient fhall be referved for that purpofe; and the faid grder or direction of the faid commiffioners, or of fuch courts refpectively* fhall be a fufficient difeharge to fuch purchafers for fo much of the purchafe money as fhall be applied in the payment of fuch cofts and expences, or ?.$ fhall be raifed for that purpofe.

2	XXXVII. And

Hosted by Google

39

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 6,

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That where any Lands ex-manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, {hall be tl^^and^taJT exempt from or not atdually charged with the payment of any may fol(1 land tax by virtue of the faid laft recited a d, it fhall be lawful for redemp-to fell or charge the fame for the purpofe of redeeming the land tion of the tax charged upon any other manors, meffuages, lands, tenements,

or hereditaments, fettled or limited to the fame ufes and purpofes to the fame for which fuch manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or heredi^ ufes. ments, fo exempt or not adually charged as aforefaid, fhall be fettled or limited, as effectually as if the fame manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments were, and every part thereof was, charged with fuch land tax.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That when any per-when any fan or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, holding any manors, beneficial meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under any bene- leafeholders' ficial leafe or leafes, or by any copy or copies of court roll, orers not~ by any other grant, according to the cuftom of any manor, for have contrad-life or lives, or years abToIute, or years determinable upon any ed for re-life or lives, granted by any perfon or perfons, body politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporation aggregate or foie, or by any tax previ0U3 guild, myffery, fraternity, or brotherhood, whether corporate or t0 Dec. 25, not corporate, or by any truftee or truftees for charities or other 1798* the publick purpofes, fhall not have contra&ed for the redemption

of the land tax charged thereon before the twenty-fifth day of ^bjecTto the

December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, then intereit of

and in any of the faid cafes it fhall be lawful for all fuch laft- fuch leafe-

mentioned perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, com-

panies and truftees, in the manner and form, and under the ^on^of^ie*

reftridions and regulations in the faid ad, and this ad, direded iam} tax Qa

and contained in cafes of fales thereby and hereby refpedively that or other

authorifed, to fell and difpofe of the fee fimple and inheritance eftates limited

of any of fuch manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or heredi- e ame

taments, and alfo the rents and other profits received or payable

upon or in refped of fuch leafehold or copyhold tenements or

hereditaments, fubjed to the fubfifting interefts of fuch refpec-

tive leffees, copyholders, or other cuftomary tenants, for the

purpole of raifing money for the redemption of the land tax

charged thereon j and alfo on any other manors, meffuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and whether in the fame or

different counties, the reverfion, fee fimple, and inheritance

whereof (hall be fettled and limited to the fame ufes, and in the

fame order and courfe of limitation.	The faid

XXXIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That eitates to be * no manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, offered for holden under fuch leafes, or by copy of court roll, as aforefaid, tw° months {hall be fold, or offered for fale, to any perfon or perfons whom- ficianeafe^* foever, other than to the perfon or perfons for the time being holders, &c. beneficially interefted therein under the fubfifting leafe or leafes, who fhall alfo or copy or copies of court roll thereof, until two months have afterwards be elapfed after an offer fhall have been made to fell the fame to the her*0 perfon or perfons fo beneficially interefted, during which period perfon at the

P 4	of	lame price.

4^	Anno	regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

■of two months fuch perfon or perfons, by themfclves or agents, (hall be exclufively entitled^to contract for the purchafe thereof, and (hall afterwards be preferred in the purchafe to any other perfon or perfons whomfoever, at the price or fum which any Joint tenants, fuch other perfon or perfons would give; and that any one joint &c4may ciori‘ tenant, or tenants in common, beneficially entitled as aforefaid, whole°r tne maY contra& f°r ^le whole, with the like preference, on the re-fufal of the other joint tenant, or tenants in common, to contract for their refpedlive (hares.

Such purchafe XL. And be it further enacted, That the refpedtive fums of ^pheVand money to ar^e by virtue of any fuch laft-mentioned faie orTales, ijch eftates to O'iall be paid, applied, and difpofed of, and the refpe&ive manors, be exonerated, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the land tax

as in cafe of other fales.

\Mhere land

tax charged on lands held under fuch beneficial

payable half-yearly, and recoverable as rent.

whereof (hall have been reduced therewith, or with the dock purehafed thereby, (hall be exonerated and aifeharged from fuch land tax, in the fame manner, in all refpefts, as is directed in cafes of other fales by the faid a£t and this adTrefpedtively authorifed.

XLI. And be it further enadled, That in all cafes where the land tax charged upon fuch manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, tythes, or hereditaments as aforefaid, holden under any fuch beneficial leafe or leafes as aforefaid, or by copy of court roll, (hall leafes fhall be be redeemed by the monies arifing by any fuch fale or fales as fale^uch of laft-mentlone(L then and in any fuch cafe, fuch of the fame manors, thelandsasare meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as fhall not have not fold fhall been fold, fhall, immediately after fuch land tax dial 1 be redeem-be chargeable e(j7 be and become charged and chargeable with a yearly fum or amount^of the ^Ur:ns refpedtiveiy, by way of rent charge, equal to the amount of land tax, as a the land tax fo redeemed ; which rent charge or rent charges rerent charge, fpedtively fhall, from time to time, be paid and payable half yearly, videlicet, at Lady-Day and Michaelmas in every year, by equal portions, free of all taxes and deductions whatfoever, to fuch perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, companies, and truftees, and to their heirs, fucceffors, and affjgns, and (hall be applicable in their hands to fuch and the fame ufes and purpofes as the re^ ferved yearly rents and profits of fuch manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall, from to time, be applicable to; and the firft payment of fuch rent charges refpedlively, (hall be made on fuch of thofe days as the land tax redeemed would become payable; and alfo that fuch perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, companies," and truftees, as aforefaid, and their reflective heirs, fucceffors, and aftigns, (hall have, and be entitled to life and take the fame powers, remedies, benefits, and advantages, for the recovery of fuch rent charges refpeeftively, as landlords by law have or are entitled to ufe and take for the recovery of rents in arrear.

XLII. And be it further ena<5led, That it fhall be lawful for all , perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies,being beneficially entitled to any copyhold or cuftomary meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by furrender, or by fuch other ways and means as fhall be authorifed by the refpecHve cuftoms of the manors whereof the fame fhall beholden, and with the confentof the

faid

Copyholds may be barren krech Sec for the pur-pofeo; redern lion of land tax, and the produce ap-

Hosted by

Google

fa id commiftioners for the purpofes of this a cl, to be certified in plied as in the writing under their refpedive hands and Teals, or any two of them , ^^^^^d e to.fell, mortgage, or charge any luch copyhold or cuftomaryeftates. rive fiu ages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purpofe of redeeming the land tax charged thereon, or on any other copyhold hereditaments fettled to the fame ufes, and the monies to arife and be produced by fuch falc, mortgage, or charge,Thai! be • applied in the fame manner in-all refpeds as in the faid ad is clireded with refped to monies arifing from the fale of freehold eftates.T

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enaded, That no fuch fale No fuch fale. or charge of any copyhold eftates by furrender or otherwife, ftal] to be v^a-be valid, unlefs the certificate of the confent of the faid commif- confent^f the boners for the purpofes of this ad thereto {hall be entered upon comrnifIioners the court rolls of the manor of which fuch copyhold or cuflomary under this aft eftates fhall be holden.	"	.	is	entered	on	.

XLIVh And be it further enadled, That’it (hall and may b e ^	U ^ ™	* *

lawful for any company or companies of proprietors of canals or niesf&c0*™ay-other navigations, or other works of publick utility, eftablifhed redeem their or fandioned by the authority of parliament, to raife fuch fum or land tax by fums of money as fhall be neceftary for the redemption of thecaJls on the land tax charged'on fuch canals or navigations, or other fuch ^mortgige01" fuch works of publick utility, or on any meftuages, lands, or any othA ’ tenements, or hereditaments, belonging thereto, or any tolls means, of raif-ariling thereout, either by calls upon the refpedive proprictorSjJJJS^d^^y au-or by mortgage, or by all and every or any of the ways and refpeftive-fts* means whereby they were, are, or fhall be authorifed or em- jUch propri-powered by any ad or ads now in being, or that fhall hereafter ctors to "be be pafl'ed, to raife money for any of the purpofes in fuch ads re"en^-jecl to ^ie fpedtively mentioned or to be mentioned ; and alfo for the refpec-Tb1^^® tive proprietor or proprietors to redeem his, her, or their (hare or under this aft. proportion in the fame, or the Chares or proportions of other proprietors in like manner as joint tenants are hereby authoriled to redeem the land tax charged on other hereditaments.

XLV. and be it further''enacted. That where the monies to be Where the raifed by the fale or charge of any manors, meftuages, lands, te- ,toAe nements, or hereditaments, tor the purpofe of redeeming any	for	the	re-

tax, fhall not exceed the fum of one thoufand pounds, then and in^^ption of ey.ery fuch cafe the indenture or indentures, whereby fuch fale or the land tax charge (hall be made, in which a greater confideration (hall not ^al1 notex-be exprefled, and the inrolments thereof, fhall not be liable to ftamp duty whatever; and alfo that no transfer of any ftock in inrolments, * the funds, which (hall be made by virtue and in purfuance of the transfers of faid ad, for the redemption and fale-of the land tax, to and in the letters name of the commiftioners for the reduction ofthe national debt, nor any letter of attorney authorifing any perfon or perfons to to be free from transfer any fuch ftock in the funds to the commiftioners for theltamp duties, redudion of the national debt, nor any affidavit to be made in purfuance of the faid ad, fhall be liable to any ftamp duty whatever ; and all affidavits made in purfuance thereof, before the palling of this ad, fhall be as valid and effedual, to all intents

and

Hosted by

Google

42

Time for registering contracts enlarged.

left. 75.

Reghlry of deeds where

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

and purpofes whatfoever, although the fame {hall not be {lamped, as if the fame had been made after the palling of this ail; and the faid commiffioners for the purpofes of this ail fhall be, and they are hereby indemnified againfl all perfons whomfoever, for having received, before the palling of this ail, any affidavit or affidavits which fhall have been made in purfuance of the faid 1 aft-mentioned act, and which fhall not have been (lamped.

XLVI. And be it further enailed, That it (hall be lawful to regifler any contract for the redemption or purchafe of any land tax notwithstanding more than four months fhall have elapfed from the day of the date thereof, provided that fuch contract be regiflered, in manner direiled in the faid ail, before the transfer of the fecond inflalment of fuch flock to be made thereon, or within three calendar months from the time of making the transfer, of flock thereon, in cafe the whole confideration fhall be transferred at one time; and ail contrails whereby the confideration fhall be agreed to be paid in money, may be regiflered in like manner at any time within three calendar months from the time of payment of fuch confideration.

XLVII. And be it further enailed. That the regiflry of any the con lid era- deeds required to be inrolled or regiflered by the faid ail, where is under acol. the confideration expreffed therein refpeilively fhall not exceed two hundred pounds, by the proper officer appointed for regifler-ing contrails under the faid ail, fhall be as valid and effeitual a$ if the fame were enrolled or regiflered in the manner direiled by the faid ail; and fuch officer is hereby required to regifler the fame gratis.

XLV1IL And be it further enailed. That all and every the provifions of this ail fhall, in the execution of the faid firfl recited tobeconilrued ail of the thirty-eighth year aforefaid, be ufed and applied, and together as conflrued, in like manner, as if the fame provifions were fpeciaily enailed in the faid ait; and all and every the provifions of the faid ail fhall, in the execution of this ail, except where the fame are thereby exprefsly varied, be ufed and applied, extended and conflrued, in like manner as if the fame provifions (except as aforefaid) were fpeciaily enailed in this ail.

XLIX. And be it further enailed, That the acceptance of the office of a commiffioner for the redemption or fale of land faid ail, not be tax under the faid ail, by reafon of any allowance for executing deemed aplace the fame, fhall not be deemed, taken, or conllrued to be a place hLPMajeftyder or empl°yment P1*0^ under his Majefly, notwithftanding the appointment fhall be by warrant under the royal fign manual, but that the fame fhall be deemed, taken, and conllrued to be a place or employment under the authority of the faid ail, to all intents and purpofes, and fhall not impeach any claim or title which fuch commiffioners may have to any other allowance whatever under his Majefly.

Ail may be L. Provided always, and be it further enailed. That this ail altered or re- may altered, varied, or repealed, by any ail or ails to be made fiffion.1 1S	Pre^ent	feflion of parliament*

The ail of 38 Geo. 3. c. 60. and this nil,

one ail.

Office of commiffioner to execute the

SCHEDULE

Hosted by Google

43

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgu. III. c. 7.

SCHEDULE to which the ACT refers.

FORM of the CERTIFICATE of the Contrail when the Confide-ration is to he paid in Money.

KNOW all men, That we A. B. and C. D. two of the com-miflioners appointed for the purpofes of an aft [Here infert the title of the ail of the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majejly ], for the [county, ridings &c.] do hereby certify that we have con- c. trafted and agreed with A. B. for the redemption by him [or her, as the cafe may require'] of	land	tax, being the

land tax [or parcel of the land tax, as the cafe may require] charged upon the [defcribe the lands, £sfc.] The confideration for the redemption is declared to be fo much of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid to the receiver general, or his deputy, or colleftor, [as the cafe may require,] for the faid [.county, riding,

Jhirey &c.] ot	as according to thexurrent price

of flock tranfmitted to fuch [receiver general, or his deputy, or colleftorf\ on the day of	[or if by infalments, name

the particular days and proportions,] will be fufticient ro purchafe capital flock, in the three pounds per centum confolidated bank annuities, fuch price to be eftimated according to the current price of (lock transferred in the week preceding the day of making the contraft: [ory the day of payment; as the cafe may require:—$r, if to be paid by infalments, the days of payment in refpecl of each inflalment, with intereft, to be paid at the time of the fecond and each fubfequent inflal-ment to the faid receiver general or his deputy, equal to the amount of the land tax redeemed, dedufting therefrom a fum bearing the fame proportion to fuch land tax as the amount of flock to be purchafed with the money paid before the time of each payment bears to the whole amount of flock to be purchafed with the money agreed to be paid on fuch contraft.J

C A P. VII.

An aft for raifing the fum of three millions by way of annuities,—• [December 22, 1798.]

Mofl gracious Sovereign,

W'E, ycur Majefty’s moil dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous to raife the necefTary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefly in this feflion of parliament, have re~ folved that the fum of three millions be raifed by annuities, in manner herein-after mentioned; and do therefore mofl: humbly befeech your Majefly that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King's mofl excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the

fame.

Hosted by DOgle

44

Even^ contributor ot iool; to be entitled to a principal of xool. in the 3 per cent, confols; and a principal of */i- 9s. 6d. in the 3 per cent, reduced.

Contributors who have made depofits to pay the remainder of fufc-fcriptions by inftalments.

Guardians may fuhfcribe for infants.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [179S.

fame* 'That every contributor towards railing the laid fum of three millions fhall for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal fum of one hundred pounds, in confolidated annuities, after tire rate-of three pounds per centum per annum; and alfo to a further principal fum of eighty-feven pounds nine fhillings and fixpence in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; the laid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; and the laid reduced annuities, after- the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from: the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight; and that the faid confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum refpedtively, in refpecl of each one-hundred pounds fo to be contributed as aforefaid, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and rrlade payable out of, the con-lolidated fund, and fhall be payable and transferable at the bank of England; and the faid confolidated annuities, after the rate'of three pounds per centum, fhall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per Centura, filial 1 be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year.

II.	And whereas, purfuant to and upon the terms and conditions expreffed in the faid reflation, fever al perfons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpofeffubferibed together the whole of the faid fum of three millions to be raijed by annuities; and made depofits of ten poundst per centum on the refpe clive fums by them fa fubferibed to the faid fum of three millions, to be raifed by annuities, with the cafloiers of the governor and company of the bank ^England ; be it therefore enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch contributors, who have made fuch depofits with thecafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England,

’ (which cafhier or cafhiers is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of fuch contributions, without any other warrant to be had in that behalf), to advance and pay unto the faid cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the feveral remainders of the fums by them refpedlively' fubferibed towards the faid fum of three millions, at or before the refpedlive days and times, and in the proportions hereinafter limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to fay). The further fum of thirty pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-fccond day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; the further fum of thirty pounds per centum, on or before the eighth day of February then next following; and the remaining fum of thirty pounds per centum, on or before the twenty* fecond day of February then next following.

III.	And be it further enadded, That it fhall and maybe lawful for any guardian or truftee, having the difpofition of the mo*

my

Hosted by Google

45

1798-] Anno rfegni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 7

ney of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the fa id fum of three millions, to be raifed by annuities in manner aforefaid; and fuch infant, upon the payment of fuch fum or fums fubfcribed by fuch guardian or truftee, ihall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in refpecft thereof, in fuch and the like manner as any other contributor; the faid guardian and truftee, as to the faid fum or fums fo advanced, is hereby difcharged, fo as tlie name of fuch infant be expreffed in the receipt or receipts for fuch money.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That the feveral fubfcribers

or contributors, their executors, adminftrators, fucceffors, and certain armui-aftigns, in refpetft of the faid fum of three millions, (hall be en- ties, which titled to an annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, for thall be paid every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them refpedtively ad- ^f,^~3iot?ti vanced and paid, to commence from the fifth day of January one fubfcr]-ptions thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, until redemption by are complet-parliament in manner herein-after mentioned; and (ball alfo be ed. entitled in refpedl of every fuch one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid, to a further annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, in refpedl of the additional principal fum of eighty-feven pounds nine (hillings and fixpence, from the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, until redemption by parliament in manner herein-after mentioned; which faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum refpeclively, (hall be payable and paid, half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to fay).

The faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds centum, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January, in every year; and the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October, in every year; the firft payment upon the faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and on the laid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of Aprilone thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; but (hall not be payable until the refpedive fubfcribers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afiigns, fhall have completed the whole of the fums by them fubfcribed for the purchafe of the faid annuities.

V.	And be it further enabled. That as foon as any contri- As foon as butors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, or afilgns,

(hall have completed their payments of fuch part of the whole they maybe * fum payable by them refpeeftively towards the faid fum of three transferred... millions, as (hall be payable in refpecfl of the (aid confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, to which they 'fhall become entitled in refpedl of fuch fubferiptions, the principal fum or fums in the faid confolidated annuities (hall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of fuch refpetftive contributors* their executors, adminiftrators,

fuc-

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [17980

fuccefiors, and afiigns, completing fuch payments; and as foon as fuch contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, or afiigns, (hall have completed the payments of fuch part of the whole fum payable by them refpe&ively towards the faid fum of three millions, a9 fhall be payable in refpedt of the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, the principal fum or fums in the faid reduced annuities (hall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of fuch re-fpedlive contributors, their refpc£tive fuccefiors, executors, admi-niftrators, and afiigns, completing fuch payments; and the perfons to whofe credit fuch principal fums fhall be fo placed, their re-fpedfive executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, and afiigns, (hall and may have power to afiign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the books of the bank of England', and the faid governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be after the pafling of this adt, to prepare proper books for the pur-pofe of entering the names of all' fuch contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal fums To paid by them refpec-tively; and that fuch of the faid contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, or afiigns, who (hall complete the payments of fuch parts of the whole fum payable by them refpeclively, towards the faid fum of three millions, as (hall be payable in refpedl of any or either of the faid annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England (hall have prepared their receipts according to the directions of this adt, fhall be entitled to have the fums fo paid forthwith placed to their credit in the books of the bank of England; and the faid governor and company are hereby required to caufe fuch fums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the perfons entitled to the annuities in refpedt thereof, in the books of the faid bank of England ; and fuch entries in the faid books (hall be in lieu of the receipts hereby diredted to be given for all fums paid in manner aforefaid; and fuch fums fhall carry the confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, refpedtively, redeemable by parliament; and (hall refpec-tively be taken and deemed to be (lock transferrable according to the true intent and meaning of this adf, until redemption thereof, in fuch manner as is herein-after mentioned.

Annuities	VI.	And	be	it further enadled, That all the annuities afore-

payable and faJ(j fhall be payable and paid, and be transferrable, at the bank atThVbank6 England; and (hall be fubjed to fuch redemption as is hereinafter mentioned.

VII.	And, for the more eafy and fure payment of all the annuities, Bank to ap- eftahltjhed by this adl^ be it further enacted, That the faid governor point a calhier and company of the bank of England, and their fuccefiors, (hall anf eenera?^ ^rom ^me to ^me? until all the faid annuities (hall be redeemed, andthetrea- appoint and employ one or more fufficient perfon or perfons, fury to order within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or firft

calhier

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 7.	47

cafhier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon, within the.^pneytobe fame office, to be their accountant general; and that fo much 01^;^“ the monies by this ad appropriated for the purpofe, as fhall he payment of fufficient from time to time to anfwer the faid annuities, and the annuities, other payments, herein direded to be made out of the faid monies, fhall, by order of the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpedive days of payment in this a61 appointed for payment thereof, be iffued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the faid firft or chief cafhier or caffiiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, for the time being, by way of impreft and upon account, for the payment of the faid refpedive annuities payable by virtue of this ad; and that fuch cafhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid money fhall from time to time be iffued, fhall * from time to time, without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer; and that the faid accountant general for the time being fhall from time to time infpe£t and examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That the cafhier or cafhiers Cafhier to gave

of the governor and company of the bank of England, who fhall	t°r

have received, or fhall receive, any part,of the faid contributions which maybe towards the faid fum of three millions, fhall give a receipt or re- affigned before ceipts in writing to every fuch contributor for all fuch fums; and Feb. 7, 1799. that the receipts to be given fhall be affignable, by indorfement thereupon made, at any time before the feventh day of February

one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer: provided always, That fuch cafhier or cafhiers fhall give fecurity Cafhier to to the good liking of any three or more of the commiffioners of give fecurity the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, for duly money anfwering and paying into the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, cejves into the for the publick ufe, all the monies which they have already receiv- exchequer, ed, and fhall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the faid fum of three millions, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in them repofed, and fhall from time to time pay all fuch monies as foon as he or they fhall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the fartheft, into and fhall acccount for the fame in the exchequer according to the due courfe thereof, denuding thereout fuch fums as fhall have been paid by him or them in purfuance of this ad, for which fums fo paid allowance fhall be made in his or their accounts.

IX.	And be it enaded, That in the office of the accountant A book to be general of the governor and company of the bank of England for keP* In the ac-the time being, a book or books fhall be provided and kept, in neralNs office which the names of the contributors fhall be fairly entered; for entering ’

which book or books the faid refpedive contributors} their refpec- contributors

names, a du-' plicate where-

Hosted by Google

4s

Anno regtii tricelimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [179?.

adminiftrators, fuccefTors, and ailigns, fhalland

auditor of the exchequer.

Contributors duly paying their (ubfcrip- ! tions, entitled to annuities tax free.

of to be tranf tive executors,

nutted to the may from time to time, and at all feafonable times, tefort to and infpedt without any fee or charge; and that the laid accountant-general (hall, on or before the tenth day of October one thoufand fcven hundred and ninety-nine, transmit an attefted duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books into t(ae office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

X. And be further enacted, Thatfuch contributors, duly paying the whole fum fo fubferibed at or before the refpedlive times in tins act limited in that behalf, and their refpedtive executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, and affigns, fhall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this adl to have, receive, and enjoy, the faid feveral annuities, by this add granted in refpedt of the fum fo fubferibed, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this feffion of parliament for payment thereof, and fhall have good and fare imerefts and eftates therein, according to the leveral provifions in this add contained, in refpedt of the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pound? per centum per annum refpectively, payable and transferable at the bank of England; and that the faid annuities fhall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever.

XI.	Provided always, That in cafe any fuch contributors who have already depofited with or (hall hereafter pay to the faid calhier or cafhiers any fum or Turns of money at the time and in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the fum or fums fo by them refpedtively fubferibed, or their refpedtive executors, adminiftrators, fucceiTors, or affigns, fhall not advance and pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, the refidue of the fum or fums fo fubferibed at the times and in the manner before-mentioned, then and in every fuch cafe fo much offithe refpedtive fum or fums fo fubferibed, as fhall have been actually paid in part thereof to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, (hall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum refpedtively, in refpedt thereof, fhall be extinguifhed ; any thing.in this adl contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further en.adted, That all perfons who fhall be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in refpedt of the. faid fum of three millions, and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, fhall be poHelled thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which fhall not be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife; any law, fta-tute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enadted, That it fhall and maybe lawful for three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the

Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, to be forfeited.

Annuities to be deemed perfonal ellate.

Treafury may apply the money paid into the exchequer.

high treafurer for the time being, to iffiue and apply from time to time all fuch fums o? money as (hall re fo paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer by the faid cafhier or cafhiers, to fuch fervices as fhall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in thisprefent leffion of parliament.

XIV. And

Hosted by

Google

1798-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgix III. c. 7.	49

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That hooks fhall be con- Accountant-Hantly kept by the faid accountant-general for the time being,

wherein all alignments or transfers of all fums advanced or con- for entering

tributed towards the faid fum of three millions, fhall be entered transfer .

and regiftered; which entry fhall be conceived in proper words

for that purpofe, and (hall be figned by the parties making fuch

alignments or transfers, or if fuch parties be abfent, by their re-

fpeclive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authonfed, in

writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to

be attefted by two or more credible witnefles; and that the

feveral perfons to whom fuch transfers fhall be made, fhall re-

fpeblively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other

method of aligning and transferring the faid annuities, or any

part thereof, or any intereft therein, fhall be good or available

in law: provided always, That all perfons polleHed of any fhare Stock maybe

or intereft in either of the faid Hocks of annuities, or any eftate devifed.

or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will, in writing,

attefted by two or more credible witneies; but that no payment

fhall be made upon any fuch devife, until fo much of the faid

will as relates to fuch fhare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid Hocks

of annuities be entered in the faid office; and that in default

of fuch transfer or devife, fuch fhare, eftate, or intereft, in the

faid flocks of annuities, fhall go to the executors, adminiftra-

tors, fuccelfors, and affigns ; and that no (lamp duties whatfoever Transfers not

fhall be charged on any of the faid transfers; any law or ftatute toftamP

to the contrary notwithfbnding.	unes.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That, out Treafury may of the monies arifing from the contributions towards raiftng the dentalex°^ faid fum of three millions by annuities, any three or more of penCes out of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the contribu-time being, fhall have power to difcharge all fuch incident tions, and charges as fhall neceftarily attend the execution of this a61, in ^^ITe^afhfer fuch manner as to them fhall feem juft and reafonable; and alfo and account> to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as fhall be thought proper ant-general, for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the faid cafhier or cafhiers,

for receiving, paying, and accounting for the laid contributions; and alfo fhall have power to make, out of the confolidated fund, fuch further allowances as fhall be judged reafonable, for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid cafhier or calhiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities payable by virtue of this abl; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant-general, for. performing the trull repofed in him by this a<51; all which allowances to be made as aforefaid, in refpebt of the fervice, pains, and labour/, of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their dif-

P0^;	,	,	.	,	,	.	The 3I. per

XVI.	And be it further enabled, I hat all the monies to cent, confols.

which any perfon or perfons fhall become entitled by virtue of under this a<5t this abl, in refpebl of any fum advanced or contributed towards to be added to the faid fum of three millions, on which the faid confolidated

annuities, C0fo0ls.

Vol. XLII.

E

Hosted by

Google

5°

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [1798.

annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum^ fhall be attending, (hall be added to the joint flock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England\ into which the feveral fums carrying an interefl after the rate of three pounds per centum per annu?ny were, by feveral afts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, and by feveral fubfequent' afts, confolidated, and fhall be deemed part of the faid joint flock of annuities, fubjeft neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner and upon fuch notice as in the faid aft made in the twenty-fifth year of his faid la^e Majefly’s reign, is directed in refpeft of the feveral and refpeftive annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid aft; and that all and every per* fon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, fhe, or they fhall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this aft, .fhall have and be deemed to have a proportional interell and fhare in the faid joint flock of annuities at the rates aforefaid.

The 3I. per XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to to^e added^	2n}7	Per^on or perfons fhall become entitled by virtue of

to the joint	ail,	in refpeft of any fum advanced or contributed towards

flock of 3I. the faid fum of three millions on which the faid reduced annuities, per cent, re- after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumr fhall be duced.	attending, fhall be added to the joint flock of annuities trans-

ferrable at the bank of England., which, by an aft made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majefly, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per centum per annumy and fhall be deemed part of the faidjoint Hock of annuities, fubjeft neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner and upon fuch notice as in the feveral afts by which the faid annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were refpeftively granted, are directed in refpeft of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, fhe, or they fhall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this aft, fhall have and be deemed to have a proportional interell and fhare in the faid joint Annuities flock of annuities at the rate aforefaid; and fo much money fhall

thKadl b ^rom ^me t0 ^me cont^nue to ^et aPart and iffued at the repaid ^out of C ceipt th& exchequer, to the faid calhier or cafhiers of the the confoli- bank of England\ out of the confolidated fund, as fhall be fuf-dated fund. ficient to fatisfy and pay the faid annuities after the refpeftive rates of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum.> together with the charges attending the fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-flanding.

Perfons coun- XVIII. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or kinfJK: perfons fhall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be tri^utions^&c". f°rgec* or counterfeited, or fhall willingly aft or affift in the guilty of *	forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole

felony.	of, Qr any part or parts of, the faid contributions towards the

faid

Hosted by Google -

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 7.	51

faid Turn of three millions, either with or without the name or names of any perfon or perfons being inferted therein, as the con* tributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or (hall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publifh, as true, any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, every fuch perfon or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufmg or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly adling or affifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publifhing as aforefaid, being thereof convidted in due form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhali fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Bank to con-faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their portion till fucceffors, notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of their the annuities own funds, in purfuance of the a£ts for eftablifhing the fame, hereby grant-or any of them, fhali continue a corporation for the purpofes of ed ceafe. this adl, until all the annuities by this a£l granted (hall be redeemed by parliament, or fhali ceafe as aforefaid; 2nd that the

faid governor 2nd company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this adf.

XX.	And be it further enadted, That no fee, reward, or gra- No fee to be tuity whatfoever, fhali be demanded or taken of any of his ceivin^co^-Majefty’s fubjedfs, for receiving or paying the faid fubfcription tributfons, or or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con- paying or cerning the fame, or for paying the faid annuities, or any of transferring them, or for any transfer of any fum, great or (mail, to made

in purfuance of this a61, upon pain that any officer or perfon F y *

offending, by taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward, or

gratuity, fhali, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty

pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cods of fuit, to be

recovered by adfion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any

of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weft min ft er, wherein no

effoin, protedlion, privilege, or wager of law, injundlion or order

of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance (hall be granted

or allowed.

XXL And be it further enadfed, That if any perfon or per- Perfons fued Tons fhali be fued, moleded, or profecuted, for any thing done irj^tfi'ue ^ by virtue or in purfuance of this adf, fuch perfon or perfons fhali ® and may plead the general iffue, and give this adl and the fpecial matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdidf fhali pafs for the defendant or defend- - * ants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difconiinue his, her, or their acfion or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement fhali be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants fhali have treble cofts awarded Treblecofts. to him, her, or them, againft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

£ 2	CAP.

Hosted by Google

5*

Preamble.

38 Geo. 3. C. 53, recited.

Time allowed by recited a<5t for making entries, and obtaining certificates, extended to Feb. 15, 1799.

*

Anno regnl tricefimo nono Georgii III. c, 8,9. [1798. CAP. VIII.

An aft for extending the time allowed for taking out certificates for ufing or wearing armorial bearings or enfigns, until the fifteenth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.— [January 4, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an aft, faffed in the lafl feffion of parliament, intituled, An acl for granting to his Majefty a duty on certificates iflued with refpedt to armorial bearings or enfigns, it was enaftedy That, fro?n and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eighty or within the fpace of tivo calendar months next enfuing, every perfon liable to any of the duties by the faid aft impofed Jhould make entry of his or her name and place of abode in the manner, and for the purpofiy in the faid aft mentionedy under the penalty in the [aid aft containedy in order to obtain a certificate thereof duly Jlampedy as by the faid aft is dire ft ed: and whereas many perfonSy ufing or wearing armorial bearings or enfignsy through ignorancey abfencey or fame unavoidable accidenty have omitted or neglefted to ?nake Juch entriesy arid obtain fuch certificates as aforefaidy within the time I'united by the faid afty whereby they are Or may become liable to the penalty contained therein; for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enabled by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the time allowed by the faid recited a£t for making fuch entries, and obtaining fuch certificates, (hall be, and is hereby extended until and upon the fifteenth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; and that every perfon liable to any of the duties by the faid recited adl impofed, who, on the twenty-fourth day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, (hall have negledted or omitted to make fuch entry, and obtain fuch certificate, and who, before the fifteenth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, fhall make fuch entry, and obtain fuch certificate as by the faid recited adt is required, fhall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged, from and againft all penalties and forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reafon of fuch omiflion or negledl; and every fuch entry fo to be made fhall be of the like force and effiedt as if the fame had been made within the time limited by the faid recited adt.

CAP. IX.

An aft' to continuey until the firjl day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine y an afty made in the lafl feffion of par-liamenty chapter feveny on the fiecond day of December one thou-/and feven hundred and ninety-feveny intituledy An adt to continue.

Hosted by Google

53

5798.] Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 9,

tinue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next fefiion of parliament, two feveral afts, parted in the fefiion of parliament holden in the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majefty, the one chapter thirty-two, on the tenth clay of March, and the other, chapter fixty-one, on the twenty-fifth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, for fufpending for a limited time, the operation of certain afts, made in the fifteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for reftraining the negp-ciation of promiftory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called Englandy and alfo to amend the faid aft, and further to continue the fame, fo amended, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.—r[ January 4, 1799.]

WHEREAS an aft was poffed in the thirty-feventh year of Preamble.

ihe reign of hjs prefent Majefy, intituled, An aft to fuf- 37 Geo. 3. pend for a limited time, the operations of two adds of the fif- c* 3%* an teenth and feventeenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for reftfaining the negociation of promiftory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England: and ivhereas another aft was pajfed in We fame feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft to revive, amend, and 37 Geo. 3.C. continue, for a limited time, an add parted in the prefent feffion 6l> recltecli of parliament, intituled, cAn aft to fufpend, for a limited time, the operation of two afts of the fifteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for reftraining the negociation of promiftory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited fum within that part of Great Britain called England and whereas the faid firft recited aft-> as revived, amended, and continued, by the faid fecond recited aft, has,, by two other afts% one paffed in the fame feffion of parliament, and the other in the laf feffion of parliament, being further continued until the expiration of fix weeks after the cominencement of this prefent feffion and whereas it is expedient that the faid two firjl recited afts fhould be further continued and amended; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent qiajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid firft herein- and further before recited aft, as revived, amended, and continued, by the ^a^ch^ t0 faid fecond herein-before recited aft, and alfo the faid fecond T7^C. but’af-herein-before recited aft, fhall have further continuance, and be ter Feb. t, in force, from the expiration of the prefent term thereof, until 1799? fhall, the firft day of Februarv one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- onlyextend to

.	j	•	•*	j	f'P'rrain note**

nine; and that, from and after the faid firft day of February one payable on thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, the faid redited afts demand to fhall have further continuance and be in force, until the twenty- the bearer, fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, but fhall only extend to and have effeft upon promiftory notes or draughts, or undertakings in writing, payable on demand to the beater thereof for any fum of money lefs than the fum of five

e 3	pounds5

Hosted by Google

54 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. io—12. £1798,

pounds, and not lefs than the fum of twenty (hillings in the v	whole;	any thing in the faid acls, or any other law or ftatute, to

Aft may be the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding; and that this altered or re- a<ft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any adi or aits to be Feffion	in this prefent feffion of parliament,

C A P. X.

An aft to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred anc^ ninety-nine, and amend an aft, pafied in the thirty -eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, chapter two, videlicet. On the thirtieth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, intituled, An aft to continue, until the expiration of thirty days after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, an aft, pafied in the feffion of parliament of the thirty-lixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majefty, chapter one hundred and thirty -feven, videlicet, On the twentieth of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, intituled, ‘An aft to continue an aft, made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, “An aft to revive and continue, for a limited time, and amend an aft, pafied in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, “An aft to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britaimcalled Scotland, to iffue notes for fums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all perfons who have ifiued notes for fmall fums of money in that part of the united kingdom,” for a limited time.’—[January 4, 1799*3

From the fifteenth of January 1799, no notes under five (hillings to be ifiued.

CAP. XI.

An aft; for allowing further time for the payment of inftalments to become due on certain fums advanced by way of loan, to certain perfons connefted with and trading to the iftands of Grenada and St. Vincents. —[January 4, 1799.]

CAP, XII.

An aft to contiue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, An aft, pafied in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, chapter fifteen, videlicet, On the fixteenth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five ; and alfo an aft, pafied in the fame year, chapter eighty, videlicet, On the twenty-fecond day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five; and alfo another aft, pafied in the thirty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty, chapter feventy-lix, videlicet, On the fourteenth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, relating to.the ad-miftion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and the if-fiiing of orders in council for that purpofe; and to continue, for the fame period, an aft, pafied in the feffion of parliament holden in the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majefty, chapter twenty-one, videlicet, On the twenty-eighth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, authorifing his Majefty to make regulations refpefting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.—[January 4, 1799-]

CAP.

Hosted by Google

179S.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III, c. 13.	55

CAP. XIII.

An aft to repeal the duties impofcd by an aft, made in the lajl of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the pro-fecution of the war; and to make ?nore effectual provifion for the like purpofe, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the jaid duties.—[January 9, 1799*]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the Preamble, commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous to raife an ample contribution for the profecution of the war.; and taking notice that the provilions made for that purpofe, by an ad of the laft feflion of parliament, intituled,

An a5l for granting to his Majefy an aid and contribution for the c* 1 ,recl e profecution of the war, have in fundry inftances been greatly evaded, and that many perfons are not aftefled under the faid ad in a juft proportion to their means of contributing to the publick fervice; have cheerfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this ad give and grant, unto your Majefty, the feveral and refpedive rates and duties herein-after mentioned : and we do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid recited ad as So much charges any perfon with an additional duty in proportion to the thereof as im-amount of the rates or duties to which fuch perfon was or fi°nal duties fhould be aftefled according to any afleflment or afteflments made or appoints * in purfuance of any ad or ads in force at the time of pa(T- commiffion-ing the faid recited ad, or as authorifes or appoints commifi ^rs> repealed; fioners for executing the fame, or for hearing and determining Tr^. appeals, fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed from and after except in cer-the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- tain particu-nine; fave and except in cafes herein-after mentioned, and in lars» all cafes relating to the recovering, colleding, paying, or ac- L • > 9 J counting for any arrears of the rates or afteflments charged by virtue of the faid ad, which may become payable on or before the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and may after that time remain unpaid ; or to the recovering any penalty or forfeiture which fhall have been then incurred under and by virtue of the faid ad.

II. And be It further enaded, That inftead of the rates and The following afteflments by the faid ad impofed and hereby repealed as afore- blTim (aid, and during the term hereinafter mentioned, there (ball be p0fed on all raifed, levied, colleded, and paid annually, unto and for the ufe income, from of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccelfors, throughout the kingdom property in of Great Britain, upon all income arifing from property in Great ^elontehlgttoI1, Britain belonging to any of his Majefty’s fubjeds, although not fubjeds *	E 4	refident	though not

Hosted by Google

56

refiding there; and upon all income of all

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

refident in Great Britain, and upon all income of every perfon refiding in Great Britain,znd of every body politick or corporate* or company, fraternity, or fociety of perfons (whether corporate

and all ^or^* °r n0t corPorate) ‘n Great Britain, whether any fuch income as « " 7 aforefuid fhall arife from lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

d HOO ► U flf 41 n

in wherefoever the fame (hall be fituate in Great Britain or elfe-where, or from any kind of perfonal property, or other property whatever, or from any profeflion, office, ftipend, penfion, employment, trade, or vocation, the feveral rates and duties following; that is to fay, One one-hundred-and^twentieth part of the income or from perfonal of every fuch perfon, body politick or corporate, company, property; or fraternity, or fociety eftimated according to this adl, if the fame from any pro- fhall amount unto fixty pounds per annum^ and fhall be under feffion, office,	fixty-five pounds per annum; one	ninety-fifth part of fuch

v* fr ^C#	income, if the fame (hall amount to	fixty-five pounds, but fhall

r*Z]	1	th	^nder	feventy pounds ; one feventieth part of fuch income, if

partoffucli2^	the fame fhall amount to feventy	pounds, but fhall be under

income.	feventy-five pounds; one fixty-fifth	part of fuch income, if the

6 1 and 1	**ame	amount to feventy-five pounds, but fhall be under

under 70I • f	e^ghty pounds; one fixtieth part of fuch income, if the fame fhall

i	,_jl	amount to eighty pounds, but fhall be under eighty^five pounds;

^	^ I	^	? nn O n Ct-xf CAk	ff	rtf Airtk lnrtrtnno if fko fomn /kill nmninil-	*rt

Great Britain, whether ariflng from lands in Great Britain, or elfewhere;

2Si

$

951

— 8ol.* ~ one fifty-fifth part of fuch income, if the fame fhall amount to

___85I.; -	eighty-five pounds, but fhall be under ninety pounds ; one fiftieth

—90I. ; -	part of fuch income, if the fame fhall amount to ninety pounds,

—951.; - T\> but (ball be under ninety-five pounds ; one forty-fifth part of fuch —1001.5 iT income, if the fame fhall amount to ninety-five pounds, but fhall

100I.-105I. be under one hundred pounds; one fortieth part offuch income, if the fame fhall amount to one hundred pounds, but (hall be j05l«-noh; under one hundred and five pounds; one thirty-eighth part of fuch income, if the fame fhall amount to one hundred and five pounds, but fhall be under one hundred and ten pounds ; one 110I.-115I.; 3V tbirty-fixth part of fuch income, if the fame fhall amount to , T one hundred and ten pounds, but (hall be under one hundred and 1151.-120 ., fifteen pounds; one thirty-fourth part of fuch income, if the fame fhall amount to one hundred and fifteen pounds, but fhall

JZ0I.-125I.;

3a be under one hundred and twenty pounds; one thirty-fecond part of fuch income, if the fame (hall amount to one hundred and twenty pounds, but fhall be under one hundred and twenty-125I.-130I. 5 five pounds; one thirtieth part of fuch income, if the lame fhall amount to one hundred and twenty-five pounds, but (hall be

1301.-1351.

under one hundred and thirty pounds ; one twenty-eighth part of fuch income, if the fame fhall amount to one hundred and thirty pounds, but fhall be under one hundred and thirty-five pounds ; i3Sl-'4ol * *one twenty-fixth part of fuch income, if the fame (hall amount t . l. to one hundred and thirty-five pounds, but fhall be under one 140 .-145 • > 2.4 hundred and forty pounds; one twenty-fourth part of fuch income, if the fame (hall amount to one hundred and forty pounds, but 145I ..150I.;	be unc^er one hundred and forty-five pounds : one twenty-

, fecond part of fuch income, if the fame fhall amount to one hundred and forty-five pounds, but fhall be under one hundred

and

Hosted by Google

1798.3	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13,	57

and fifty pounds ; one twentieth part of fuch income, if the fame i$ol.andun~ ?

fhall amount to one hundred and fifty pounds, but fhall be under der 155I.;	3^

one hundred and fifty-five pounds; one nineteenth part of fuch 1551.-160I.j r\

income, if the fame fhall amount to one. hundred an-d fifty-five

pounds, but fhall be under one hundred and fixty pounds ; one 160I.-165I.; -rs

eighteenth part of fuch income, if the fame fhall amount to one

hundred and fixty pounds, but fhall be under one hundred and

fixty-five pounds; one feventeenth part of fuch income if the 1651.170b; -a\

fame fhall amount to one hundred and fixty-five pounds, but

fhall be under one hundred and feventy pounds; one fixteenth 170I.-175I.;-jV

part of fuch income, if the fame fhall amount to one hundred

and feventy pounds, but fhall be under one hundred and feventy-

five pounds; one fifteenth part of fuch income, if the fame fhall 1> tt

amount to one hundred and feventy-five pounds, but fhall be

under one hundred and eighty pounds; one fourteenth part of 1801.-185!.;

fuch income, if the fame fhall amount to one hundred and

eighty pounds, but fhall be under one hundred and eighty-five

pounds; one thirteenth part of fuch income, if the fame fhall 185I.-190L; TrT

amount to one hundred and eighty-five pounds, but (hall be

under one hundred and ninety pounds; one twelfth part of fuch 190I.-195I.; A

income, if the fame (hall amount to one hundred and ninety

pounds, but fhall be under one hundred and ninety-five pounds ;

one eleventh part of fuch income, if the fame fhall amount to 195I..200I.; rxr

one hundred and ninety-five pounds, but (hall be under two

hundred pounds; and one tenth part of fuch income, if the fame 200I. or 1 T

(hall amount to two hundred pounds, or upwards : which refpec- upwards j iiy

five rates fhall be charged and aflelfed by commifiioners, to be

chofen for that purpofe in the manner herein-after directed.

III.	And be it further enabled, That every perfon having a child Perfons having or children born in wedlock, and maintained principally by fuch per- children, main-fon at his or herexpence, whether fuch child or children be the child at ufei/exp^nce^ or children of him or her, or of his or her wife or hufband by any /hall be allowed former marriage, fhall be entitled to the refpe£five abatements the following ^ following; that is to fay, Any perfon whofe income is fixty pounds a year or upwards, and under four hundred pounds a vear, i11C0rxie 0f 6ol-having fuch child or children, fhall have an abatement after the and under 400I. rate of five pounds per centum for each fuch child: any perfon a year, 5 per whofe income is four hundred pounds a year or upwards, and	eac^

under one thoufand pounds a year an abatement after the rate ol 4CCi/an(i under four pounds per centum for each fuch child, where any of the i}oool.4per children are or is of an age exceeding fix years; and where all cent, for each fuch children are under the age of fix years, then an abatement ^cnre after the rate of three pounds per centum for each fuch child: any one above fix perfon having an income or one thoufand pounds a year or years old, upwards, and under five thoufand pounds a year, an abatement and 3 per cent, after the rate of three pounds per centum for each fuch child, ^^en^ where any of fuch children are or is of an age exceeding fix under fix: years; and where all fuch children are under that age, then an i,oool. and abatement after the rate of two pounds per centum for each fuch under 5,000!. child : and all per fon s having an income of five thoufand pounds 3	^

a year or upwards, an abatement alter the rate ol two pounds 1^manner. **

Per oool.and

Hosted by CjOOQIc

manner.

58	AnnoregnitricfiemononoGEORGii	III.	c. 13. [1798.

up wards ,2 per per centum for each fuch child, where any of fuch children are or

cent* in hke^ *s an aSe excee^ng Years> and where all fuch children are under the age of fix years, then an abatement after the rate of one pound per centum for each fuch child : which abatement (hall be allowed by the refpedlive commiflioners for the purpofes of this adt, and for hearing and determining appeals under this adt, upon delivery of a declaration {fating the number of fuch perfons children, and on proof made, to the fatisfadiion of the laid commiflioners, of the truth of the matters contained in fuch declaration; and the faid commiflioners {hall caufe the faid abatements to be dedudled from the amount of fuch perfon’s affeffment as the cafe {hall require.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That nothing in this adt contained (hall be conftrued to extend to charge the {lock or fund of any friendly fociety eflabliffied under or by virtue of an adt paffed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aflfor the encouragement and relief offriendly focieties.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That no corporation, faternity, or fociety of perfons eftabliihed for charitable purpofes only, {hall be chargeable under this adt, in refpedt of the

This adt not to affedt the itock of friendly focieties eftabliihed under 33 Geo. 3. c. 5+.

Nor corporations, See. eftabliihed for charitable purpofes only. Nor any annual prefid-ing officer of a corporation for his official

income of fuch corporation, fraternity, or fociety.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled. That no annual officer prefiding over any corporation or royal burgh, ffiall be chargeable by virtue of this adt in refpedt of the income derived from his falary and emoluments in refpedt of fuch office.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ensdted, That no redtor or vicar {hall be charged in refpedt of any ftipend paid to a curate, fuch redtor or vicar being ufuaily reftdent, and ordinarily doing duty in fome parifh of which he is redtor or vicar, or having fome other legal excufe for not refiding on fuch rectory or vicarage.'

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That no perfon who {hall, on or before the palling of this adt, adtually be in Great Britain for fome temporary purpofe only, and not with

flonaHy only) an^ VieW or *ntent eftabliihing his or her Yefidence therein, in Great ’ {hall be chargeable with the duties, impofed by this adt as a perfon Britain, not adlually redding in Great Britain, but ffiall be chargeable never-to be charged thclefs with any duties to which fuch perfon might, on or after adt, but under t‘ie ^ fifth day. of April one thoufand feven hundred and 38 Geo, 3. ninety-nine, be chargeable by virtue of the faid adt of the thirty— c. 16.	eighth year of his Majefty’s reign, if this adt had not been made;

and the faid adt of the thirty-eighth year of his Majefty’s reign, and all the proviiions therein contained, ffiall be in full force. If the income with refpedt to fuch perfon, as if this adt had not been made, of fuch perfons	IX. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That if the in-*

be charged come of any perfon, being in Great Britain ior fuch temporary under that adt pUrpGfe only, or any part thereof, ffiall be charged under the faid

Redtors, See. not chargeable for their curates’ fala-ries.

Perfons

and this, deduction may be made on account of fuch double charge.

recited adt, and alfo under this adt, it ffiall be lawful for the re-fpedtive commiflioners for the purpofes of this adt, or for hearing and determining appeals under this adt, on proof upon oath of a

double

Hosted by Google

59

1*798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii IIL c. 13.

double charge, to make fuch deaudion on account thereof, as to the faid refpedive commiffioners fhall feem juft and proper. Po f

X.	And be it further enaded, That any fubjed of his Majefty, fionally abfent whofe ordinary relidence (hall have been in Great Britain, and from Great who fhall have departed from Great Britain and gone into any Britain, at the parts beyond the feas for the purpofeonly of occafional refidence

at the time of the execution of this ad, fhall be deemed, not- this a<^ ^a]j withftanding fuch temporary abfence, a perfon chargeable in re- be charged fped of his or her income, as a perfon adually reftding in Great under this ad; Britain, and fhall be affeffed and charged accordingly (in the th^drln0^ manner herein-after direded) upon the whole amount of his or come her income, whether the fame fhall strife from property in Great [See f. 38, 39. Britain or elfewhere, or from any profeffion, office, penfion, 73- 88.] ftipend, employment, trade, or vocation, in Great Britain or

el (e where.	commiffioners

XI.	And be it further enaded, That the refpedive perfons au- of the houfe

thorifed or appointed to be commiffioners for executing and ad- tax, &c. (hail ing in the execution of the ads relative to the duties on houfes, ^fe of the ^ windows, or lights, or other the duties placed under the manage- miffioners ment of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, fhall from 0f land tax, time to time caufe lifts to be made of fuch perfons who are or Sec. in their fhall be named or defcribed in or by any ad or ads, paffed or to ^p^d^sdi be paffed in the prefent or any future parliament, to ad as com- r^de^iby diis*" miffioners of land taxor fupply, or other the duties aforefaid, a&, [Seef.23.] within their county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, or place, and who and 10 others fhall be qualified as by this ad is required, and .ten other perfons	m

at the leaft, alfo fo qualified, for'each divifion of fuch county or ^ if fo many riding, and for each city, borough, town, or place in England, for Can be found; which commiffioners are or (hall be feparately named in fuch ad and fhall ap-or ads, or for each fhire, ftewartry, or place in Scotland, if fo the'Hu-ft many perfons can be found qualified as by this ad is required, or meeting for fo many as can be found fo qualified therein refpedively, for fach purpofe, which purpofe the faid ading commiffioners, or any two of them, within feven adting for any divifion of any county or riding, or any citv, bo- days after be-rough, town, or place in England, or for any (hire, ftewartry, or by a^yfofpec-place in Scotland, who fhall receive notice of this ad, fhall appoint tor, &c. and

a day and time for holding the fir ft meeting for the purpofe of (hall deliver making out fuch lifts as aforefaid, containing the places of reft- fuch lilts, fig n-

o	j	nv	them

dence refpedively of the perfons named therein to ad within their t0 their clerk refpedive diviftons, cities, boroughs, towns, or places, in Eng- to tranfmitto land, and (hires, ftewartries and places in Scotland; which meet- the tax office; ing fhall be holden within the fpace of (even days after any two commiffioners of fuch divifion, city, borough, town, or place in before perfons England, or (hire, ftewartry, or place in Scotland, fhall be required having, within by any infpedor or furveyor to hold the fame; and the faid com- four years » miffioners prefent at any meeting held for the purpofes aforefaid, preceding, fhall make out and deliver fuch lifts, ftgned by the majority of the commiffioners prefent at fuch meeting, to the clerk of fuch com- the pannel to miffioners, who fhall forthwith tranfmit the fame to the commrf- ferve) as grand

fioners for the affairs of taxes; who fhall (in refped of lifts made jurors lor each

v r	•	county, &c. m

in England; at a meeting to be

Hosted by

Google

I3* [!79&-

lifts; and before the barons of the exchequer in Scotland. Such grand

6o	Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c.

bU^he°flf^iff *m ^ngtond) caufe the Tame to be laid before fuch perfons who (hall

within ten* ^ave ferved, or have been returned upon the pannel of jurors to

days after re- ferve, as jurors upon the grand inqueft of the county at large, or

ceipt of fuch of the city, borough, town, or place, being refpe&ively a

county of itfelf, at any affize or feffions of oyer and terminer

and general gaol delivery, within the fpace of four years before

the palling of this a6l, or l'o many of them as final 1 be prefent

at any meeting to be holden in purfuance of the fummons of the

.	-	, fheriff for the fame county, city, borough, town, or place (which

ions IhaU fe*~ fummonfes the faid fheriffs, or their deputies refpedively, (ball

ledt a compe- caufe to be ifliied, returnable within ten days after the tranf-

tent number, million of fuch lifts to them refpetftively); and in refpebt of lifts

mac^e *n Scotland^ the fame fhall be laid before the barons of

to°be commif- exchequer there; and the perfons prefent at fuch meeting,

fioners under and the faid barons refpe&ively fhall, out of fuch lifts, felebfc

this a6l; and fuch number of perfons, qualified as hereby is required, as fhall

for fupplying	neCelfary	for carrying;	into execution the general	purpofes	of

vsiCEncics in	* *	^ ^	^	*	*

the orderin t^lis a&> and f°r applying from time to time any vacancy that;

which they may arife as herein-after mentioned; and fhall appoint fuch per-fhall be fele6t> fons to be commiflioners for fuch purpofes, in and for the whole ‘ ed: if a fuffi* county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, city, borough, town, or place, can^otbe* ^ *n l^e orc^er which they fhall be felected to ferve; and if in found quali- England fhall appoint who and what number fhall a6f for each bed, the defi- divilion of any county or riding, and for each city, borough, ciency maybe town, or place therein, for which commiflioners are or fhall be from The lifts feParately named asaforefaid; and if the perfons prefent at the of the adjoin- fnid meeting, or the faid barons refpe&ively, fhall not find in any ing counties, lifts fufficient numbers of perfons qualified to be commiflioners, of*co^m"	fuch	number from the lifts of any adjoining or

iffiffionersln neighbouring divifion or divifions of the fame county, riding, or any one dif- place, or from the county at large adjoining to any city, borough, tri&nottoex- or town, being a county of itfelf, if in Engla?id> and if in Scotland^ be^pThan01 *"rorn l^e	any	adjoining or neighbouring fhire, ftewartry,

two^ and their or P^ace’ as may neceffary; and fuch perfons fhall be declared Barnes to be to be fo appointed commiflioners as aforefaid in the order in which they fhall be fele£ted and fet down in writing by the faid perfons and barons refpecftivelv, or the majority of them there prefent, and they fhall be commiftioners for the purpofes of this act in the order in which they fhall be fo appointed: provided always, That the number of commiflioners to be be appointed to a£! together in any one divifion, or in any city, borough, town, or place in England, or anyone fhire, ftewartry, or place in Scotland\ fhall not exceed the number of five, or be lefs than two; and the names of the perfons fo to be appointed fhall from time to time be returned to the commiftioners for the affairs of taxes at their office.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacfted, That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to reftrain the faid commiftioners, or any of them, from adding as commiftioners in any other part of the county, riding, or place, for which they are appointed.

XIII. And

returned to the tax office,

Commiffion-ers not re-itrained from acting in any other part of the county, Sic-

Hosted by

Google

1798.] Anno regni tricelimo nono Georgit III. c. 13.	61

XIII.	And be it farther enafted, That any perfons qualified Qualified per-as by this aft is required, may at any time after fuch lifts fliall thdr^ames76 be returned, caufe their names to be inferred in fuch lifts, by giv- inferted in the ing notice thereof to the commiftioners for the affairs of taxes, lifts returned,

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral clerks oftic^to^th^tax aflize (hall, as foon as conveniently may be after the pafting of 0jfgce#

this aft, tranfmit to the commiftioners for the affairs of taxes, true TJie cjerj,g 0p and perfeft copies of the feveral pannels of perfons returned within affize fliall re-the period before-mentioned, to ferve as jurors as aforefaid, within turn to the tax the feveral and refpeftive counties, ridings, cities, towns, and places in England, who are empowered by this aft to feleft and panels1; and^ appoint commiftioners under this aft; and the proper officers jn Scotland in Scotland fliall, in like manner, return to the faid barons lifts lifts of jurors of perfons who (hall have been fummoned to ferve as jurors in ^ned^o^ihe Scotland, within the like period; which lifts, together with barons• thefe lifts of perfons qualified to aft as commiftioners under this aft, lifts, andthofe the faid commiftioners for the affairs of taxes (hall tranfmit to of the perlons the faid (heriffs, with directions to them to fummon, within the qualified for time herein-before limited, the refpeftive perfons who are em- er^the tax” powered as aforefaid to feleft and nominate commiftioners at fuch office (hall places as fuch fheriffs (ball refpeftiveJy name; which fummons tranfmit to the fhall refpeftively be by publiclc advertifements, figned by fuch fheriffs or their deputies, and inferted in fome newfpapers ufually ^ gi-andju^ circulated in the refpeftive counties, ridings, (hires, ftewartries, r0rs, &c. by and places aforefaid, four days at lead before the day to be publickadver-named for the meeting of fuch perfons for the purpofes before tifement, with

•	.	°	r	r	four ^	g no_

mentioned.	tice	J

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That, within Jn L]nco)n.

the county of Lincoln, lifts of perfons qualified to aft as commif- fbjre bits fhaft

fioners for the purpofes of this aft (hall be returned by the re- be returned

fpeftive commiftioners afting for the feveral hundreds and fubdi- commif-

vifions within the feveral divifions of Lindfey, Holland, and Kef- (jone,rs *or th<;

. , .	,	r	.	,	,	.	J.	J	hundreds and

tevetij within the laid county; and that leparate commiftioners fubdivifions in

fhall be chofen to aft within thofe refpeftive hundreds and fub- Lindfey, See.

divifions, in like manner as herein-before direfted to be done, and feparace

within the feveral divifions of the other counties herein-men- com™ftbOIV-,	ers be	cliolen

tloned-	.	for fuch hun.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid perfons who dreds, See. (hall have ferved, or have been returned to ferve on the grand The faid inqueft as aforefaid, in England, and the barons of the exchequer grand jurors, in Scotland, (hall appoint three perfons, qualified as herein direft- ^c.* aP* ed, to aft as commiftioners of appeal for each county at large, perfons quali-riding, (hire, or ftewartry in Great Britain, and alfo three other bed as direit-perfons at the leaft, if fo many can be found qualified, in like ed in f. 25 to manner to fupply vacancies as herein is mentioned ; and the l?e comrr*ju names of fuch perfons (hall be returned to the commiftioners for p^Un eadf* the affairs of taxes at their office, who (hall give notice of fqch county, and appointment to fuch commiftioners of appeal, who (hall forth- three'more to with appoint a time and place for their firfi: meeting, for the *upply vacti.i-purpofe of hearing and determining appeals to be made by virtue names (hall be

of returnedtothe

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

62 Anno regni tricefimo riono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

tax office, who cf this a (St, which fhall be ten days at leaft before the firft inftal-ilc^ti^ce1 of^heh- ment	t^ie duty granted by virtue of this abt fhall become

appointment; on which i'uch commiftioners ill all appoint theirfirll meeting

payable ; and fuch meeting or meetings fhall be held from time to time, with or without adjournment, fo long as any fuch appeal fhall be depending; and the faid commiftioners of appeal, fhall alio, ten days at the leaft before any fubfequent inftaiment

for hearing °* rates hereby granted fhall become payable, in cafe any ap-appeals at leait peals fhall be then depending, hold a meeting or meetings at

ten days before the hr ft initalment becomes due; and fubfequent meetings, ten days before every inftaiment, if necelTkry,

fuch time or times and place as fhall be appointed by them, for hearing and determining fuch appeals ; and that fuch meetings fhall from time to time be held, with or without adjournment, fo long as any fuch appeal fhall be depending; and the laid com-miftioners of appeal fhall caufe publick notice to be given of their faid ftrft and fubfequent meetings for the purpofe of hearing and determining appeals in the manner herein direbled. and give notice thereof; fuch meetings to be held from time to time till all appeals are heard.

In London,the XVII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That within and for the city of London, the mayor, aldermen, and common council, in common council affembled, fhall elecft fix perfons, qualified as herein is required, three of whom at the leaft fhall be aldermen, out of which number fo to be eledled the lifted per ions; may0r and aldermen fhall choofe three; and the governors and whom ihall be directors the bank of England fhall choofe two other perfons; aldermen ;) and the directors of the united company of merchants of England from which trading to the Eaft Indies, (hall choofe one other perfon; the number the fub-governor, deputy-governor, and directors of the South Sea Sierme^ fhall comPany> fhall choofe one other perfon ; and the governors and choofe three; directors of the Royal Exchange infurance company, and the the bank ihall governors and directors of the London Infurance company, fhall alfo choofe each choofe one other perfon, qualified as by this act is required ; fo ns ° tlfe Eaft a n d t^le ^lree perfons fo chofen by the mayor and aldermen.

mayor, aldermen, and common council Ihall elect fix qua-

fons 5 the Eaft India company, the South Sea company, and the Royal Exchange and London The three

together with the other perfons refpedlively chofen as aforefaid, fhall be commiftioners for the purpofes of this abt, within and for the faid city of London; and the names of the perfons fo chofen fhall be returned to the commiftioners for the affairs of taxes.

infurance companies, each one ; to be commiftioners for London.

XVIII. And be it further enabled. That within and for the commiftioners faid city of London, the commiftioners for hearing and determin-

of appeal in London ft 1 all be chofen, one by the mayor and aldermen ; one by the bank, Eaft India company, and South Sea company ; and one by the two infurance companies.

mg appeals fhall be chofen as follows; videlicet, The faid mayor and aldermen of the faid city Ihall choofe one perfon to be fuch commiftioner ; the faid governors and directors of the bank of England, the faid directors of the united EaJI India company, and the faid governors and directors of the South Sea company, fhall choofe one other perfon to be fuch commiftioner; and the faid refpe&ive governors and directors of the feveral infurance companies before-mentioned, fhall choofe a third perfon to be fuch commiftioner; and the three perfons fo chofen as laff aforefaid, fhall be commiftioners for hearing and determining appeals within and for the faid city; and their names ihall be returned to the commiftioners for the affairs of taxes.

XIX. Provided

Hosted by VjOOQlC

I79^*l Annoregni tricefimo nono Georgii III.c. 13.	63

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That within For Middlefex and for the county of Middlefex, except the diftricl of the Tower (^cept the Hamlets, called The Tower Divifion, the fheriff fhall caufe to be fummoned fuch jurors only who fhall have been returned from fheriff fhall the hundred of OJfiilfion, in the faid county, on the pannel of the fumrnon fuch grand jury in the court of our lord the King, before the King 8r^nci jurors

o	j j	^	^	^	o7	^	o	oniv as arc?

himfelf at Wefiminfier, within the period before-mentioned. returned on

XX.	And be it further enabled. That within and for the the pannel at diftri6t of the Tovjcr Hamlets, commonly called The Toiuer Weftminfler Divijion, in the county of Middlefex, it fhall be lawful for tfe lieutenant of the tower of London, or deputy lieutenant, or ma- For the Tower jor thereof, to fummon the juftices of the peace adding in and p^^nt 6 for the faid divifion at the time of paffng this a6t, and who (hall Qf the" continue fo to a61 until they (ball be fo refpedlively fummoned ; tower fhall and fuch juflices being fo fummoned fball fele6l the feveral and fummon the refpe6live commifioners to a6l for fuch divifion under this acl

for any of the purpofes herein-mentioned, in the fame manner peieLq Com-and with the fame powers as the grand inqueft of any county is miffioners and hereby empowered to do, and alfo certain other perfons to fup- affiants tothe ply vacancies as they fhall arife, in the manner before-mentioned, commffifone ■

* and alfo fo many other perfons as they fhall think necefiary, to for be affiants to the commercial commifioners to be appointed divifion. under this a61; and the names of the perfons fo chofen fhall be [Scef 98. returned to the commifioners for the affairs of taxes.	I10>	,

XXL And be it further enadled, That when and fo often as When acom-any one or more of the commifioners for the purpofes of this miff oner, or a61, or any of the commifioners for hearing and determining ^^m^oner appeals under this a6l, named or appointed to a61 for any county, fliali die or deriding, (hire, fiewartry, or place in Great Britain, or any divi- dine to a<3, fion, city, borough, town, or place within the fame, fhall die, the perfon or decline to a61 in the execution of the powers and truf s there-of, or having begun to a61 fhall decline to a61 any further he ^ therein, then and in every fuch cafe the perfon or perfons next in pointed in his order on fuch lifts fhall be appointed the commifioner or com- room; and .miflioners, in the place of the commifioner or commifioners fo t^0^!an^c refufing or declining to a61, or dying; and the jurors who fhall {ha^from0* from time to time ferve on the grand inqueft at the afizes or time to time fefions of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery, and the Fleet and add feveral and refpe61ive perfons before-mentioned, in England, and w^mcs the barons of the exchequer in Scotland, fhall refpe61ively, astle 1 s* often as occafion fhall require, fele61 and add new names to the perfons before feledled, who fhall refpe61ively in their order be a commifioner or commifioners for the purpofes of this a61, or a commifioner or commifioners of appeals, as the cafe may require, as and when any fuch vacancy fhall happen ; and when any fuch commifioner appointed to a6t for any city, borough, town, or place fhall die, or refufe or decline to a61 as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe, the place of the commifioner fo dying, or refufing or declining to act, fhall be filled up in fuch manner, and by the fame perfons, as die laid commifioner was appointed.

XXII. And

Hosted by

64

Commim oners and com-miflionevs of appeals to take the'following

Anno regni tricefi mo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798-

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That every perfon to be appointed a commifiioner for the purpofes of this act, and every perfon appointed to hear and determine appeals, before he fhall begin to abf therein (except in adminiftering the oath hereinafter exprefi'ed) {hall take the following oath; (that is to fav).

Oath,	c	T	A. B. do fwear, That I will truly, faithfully, impartially,

JL and honeftly, according to the beft of mv {kill and knowledge, execute the feveral powers and authorities veiled in me by an act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled, [Here fet forth the title of this afi]; and that I will exercife the powers entrufted to me by the faidvaiSt, in fuch manner only as fhall appear to me neceffary for the due execution of the fame ; and that I will judge and determine upon all matters and things which fhall be brought before me under the faid abt, without favour, afteblion, or malice; and that I will not difclofe any particular contained in any fchedule of income, or any evidence or anfwer given by any perfon who fhall be examined or make affidavit refpedting the fame, except in fuch cafes and to fuch perfons only where it fhall be neceffary to difclofe the fame for the purpofes of this a6l, or in order to, or in the courfe of, a profecution for perjury committed in fuch examination or affidavit.

So help me GOD.’

to be admini-ftered by any commifiioner, and fubfcribed by the party fw earing, and their names returned to the tax office.

Penalty on a<fting as a commifiioner, without taking the oath, iool.

Qualification of commif-fioners for counties at large, Sec. ioyoool. personal eftate, or thrice the value of the qualification required for a commifiioner of land tax.

Which oath any one of the refpeflive commiffioners appointed for the purpofes of this a£I, or to hear and determine appeals under the fame, is hereby authorifed to adminifler ; and which oath fo taken fhall be fubfcribed by the party taking the fame; and the names of all perfons fo fubferibing fhall, within one month afterwards, be tranfmitted to the office of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes ; and if any perfon fhall abt as a commifiioner for the purpofes of, this ab>, or as a commifiioner for hearing and determining appeals, before he fhall have taken the oath herein-mentioned, (except in adminiftering the fame), he fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay, the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered by the faid firft: recited abt.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no perfon fhall be capable of abling as a commifiioner for the purpofes of this adi, within or for any county at large, riding, fhire, ffewartry, city, borough, town, or place in Great Britain, who fhall not be poffefl’ed of a perfonal eftate of the value of ten thoufand pounds, or who fhall not be feifed or poffeffed of an eftate of the like nature, and of thrice the value or more, as is or fhall be required as the qualification of a commifiioner to a & in the execution of an acl, paffed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An a51 for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eighty in fuch county at large, riding, fliire, ftewartry, city, borough,

town.

Hosted by Google

65

3798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.

town, or place 5 or fhall be the heir apparent of a perfon feifed or poftefted of an eftate of the like nature, and of thrice the value, or more, of the eftate of which a perfon ought to be feifed or No pofl'efted in order to qualify Ins heir apparent to be a commif- fioner frail fioner to ad in the execution of the faid ad; nor {hall any perfon be capable of be capable of ading as a commiftioner for hearing and determin- being a coming appeals in purfuance of this ad, in any county, riding, (hire, or ftewartry, who (hall be a commiftioner for the purpofes of pp ‘ this ad; nor unlefs fuch perfon (hall in like manner be poftefled ^omndffion-of a perfonal eftate of the value of twenty thoiifand pounds, or ers of appeal be feifed or poftefled of an eftate of the like nature, and of twice to be twice the value, or more, as is required by this ad, for a commiftioner for the purpofes of this ad as aforefaid, or '{hall be heir apparent f0* coinmif-of fome perfon who {hall in like manner be feifed or poffefled of fioners. a like eftate as aforefaid, of twice the value, or more, of the eftate of which a perfon ought to be feifed or poftefled in order Quai;fication to qualify his heir apparent to be a commiftioner for the purpofes otcommiffion-of this ad.	‘	ers in cities

XXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, Thatno per- (being coun-fon fhall be capable of ading as a commiftioner for the purpofes peri0nal°° * of this ad, within or for any city, borough, town, or place, being eftate, or refpedtively a county of itfelf, who {hall not be poftefted of a three fifths perfonal eftate of the value of three thoufand pounds, or be feifed oP ^

or poftefled of an eftate of the like nature and of three fifths of county the value, as is required by this ad for a commiftioner for the pur- at large; in pofes of this ad, within a county at large; nor within any of the the inns of inns of court, inns of chancery, or liberty of the rolls, who (hall court, See. not be poftefted of a perfonal eftate of the value of three thoufand alf^?fi’cation pounds, or be feifed or poftefted of an eftate of the like nature for a borough, and value as is required by this ad for a commiftioner for the &c. purpofes of this ad for any borough, town, or place; and that In fuch cities within and for any fuch city, town, or place, being a county of the magi-itfelf, the magiftrates and juftices of the faid city, town, or place,	fbm

fhall be fummoned, together with fuch jurors as aforefaid, to ad m0ned with" in the feledion and nomination of the refpedive commiftioners the grand to be appointed under this ad.	jurors.

XXV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nothing Only one herein contained fhall be conftrued to require more than one ^^c-tion third of any qualification, confifting of lands, tenements, or landT&c. hereditaments, to be fituate within the refpedive county, riding, need be with-{hire, or ftewartry, for which any perfon fhall be appointed to ad in the county, as a commiftioner.

XXVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That any per- Land and fon whofe eftate fhall confift of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, perfonalty and alfo of perfonal eftate, to any of the refpedive values herein- ^^thera^a before required, eftimating in every fuch cafe one hundred pounds qualification: perfonal eftate, and four pounds per annum of eftate in lands, iool. perfon-tenements, or hereditaments, as equivalent to each other, mayahy.tobe ad as a commiftioner for any of the purpofes of this ad, as if e^tuvalent to^ fuch required value had wholly arifen from lands, tenements, or lQ^e[a^nuin

Vol, XLII.	F	here-

Hosted by Google

66

Penalty on a commiffioner acting without being fo qualified 50I.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

hereditaments, or wholly from perfonal eftate; any thing in this a£t contained to the contrary notwithhanding.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That if any commiffioner for any of the purpoles of this a£t before or after mentioned, or any other perfon herein required to be feifed or pofteffed of a qualification to acft in the execution of this a61, (hall acl therein, or in any of the powers therein contained and veiled in fuch commifiioner, or other perfon as aforefaid, without being duly qualified as by this a£t is required, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit and pay, fop every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds; to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered by virtue of the faid firft recited a<5t.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe there (hall not be a fufficient number of commiffioners for the pur-pofes of this a£t, for any city, borough, town, or place, for which by this adt fuch commiffioners are particularly to be appointed, capable of acting according to the qualification required by this adt, then in every fuch cafe any of the commiffioners for the purpofes of this a£I, appointed for the county at large within which fuch city, borough, town, or place fhall be fituate, or next adjoining thereto, may and they are hereby required to act as commiffioners for the purpofes of this adt, for fuch city, borough, town, or place.

XXIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That if there fhall not have been a grand inqueft impannelled within the period before-mentioned, in any city, town, or place, being a county of itfelf, it fhall be lawful for the fheriff of fuch city, town, or place, to fummon the perfons named in the commiffion of the peace for fuch city, town, or place, at the time of palling this adl, and who fhall continue fo to adt until they fhall be fo refpedlively fummonedjand fuch magifirates and juftices, being fo fummoned, fhall feledi: the feveral and refpedfive commiffioners to adt for fuch city, town, or place, under this adt, for any of the purpofes herein-mentioned, in the fame manner and with the fame powers as the grand inqueft of fuch city, town, or place, if impannelled

who Hi all then within the period before-mentioned, together with fuch perfons feledt the

If there be not a fufficient number of commiffioners duly qualified for any

commiffioners for thecity,&c. county at large may a£t within fuch city, &c.

If no grand jury fhall have been impannelled in any city. See. within the time mentioned in f. 11. the fheriff may fummon the acting juft ices of the peace for fuch city, See

in the commiffion of the peace, might have done, and alfo commiffioners certain other perfons to fupply vacancies, as the fame (hall arife, or e amc. *n tjle manner before-mentioned, and alfo fo may other perfons as they fhall think neceflary to be a Hi ft ants to the commercial commiffioners to be appointed under this act, if any fhall be appointed for fuch city, town, or place; and the names of the perfons fo chofen fhall be returned to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enadled. That if it fhall appear to the perfons affembled for the purpofe of naming

If it fhall appear that one fet of

commiffioners commiffioners of appeals as aforefaid for any county or riding of appeal	in England, that by reafon of the extent of fuch county or

cannot per-	riding, or the relative fituations of different parts thereof, one fet

form the duty	-

for the whole county or riding, two

of commiffioners duties required of

of appeal cannot conveniently perform the Inch commiffioners by this aft, it fhall be

lawful

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo none Georg 11 III. c. 13.	67

lawful for fuch perfons to name two or more fets of commiffioners or more fets of appeal to ail for different parts of fuch county, or divifions °f jj^edVo fuch county or riding, deferibing, in an order to be made by a(g. for feveraj fuch perfons for fuch purpofe, for what part of fuch county or divifions; and riding, each of fuch fets of commiffioners of appeal fhall re-th.enacom-fpeilively ail; and in fuch cafes it fhall be lawful for any perfon ailing as a commiffioner of appeal for one part of fuch county be a commif-or riding to ail as a commiffioner for the purpofes of this ail in fioner under any other part of fuch county or riding, in which he fhall have this ail in no jurifdiilion as a commifiioner of appeal.

XXXI. And be it further enailed. That it fhall be lawful for

another divi-fion.

Commiffion-

the commiffioners for the purpofes of this ail, and alfo for the ers corJ„ commiffioners appointed for hearing and determining appeals 'miflioners under this ail, and they are hereby refpeilively authorifed and of appeal empowered, in any matter before them concerning the execution of this ail, to examine any perfon or perfons willing to be ^erRnis wil-examined in fuch matter, and to adminifler an 02th or folemn ling to be affirmation to fuch perfon or perfons, according to the directions examined, and of this ail, and alfo to receive any affidavit or depofition in ^^eCeive writing upon oath or affirmation, which fhall be made in fuch ancj dep0fi. manner as by the faid firft recited ail of the thirty-eighth year tions in writ-before-mentioned is required with refpeit to affidavits or depofitions J*ng, in any taken under the authority of that ail, and alfo any affidavit orde- [h^ercbe*ore pofition in writing upon oath or affirmation, which fhall be made Cerning°the in any parts beyond the feas, before any magiflrate of the county, execution of territory, or place, where the perfon making fuch oath or this ait. affirmation (hall alfo refide, and which fhall be certified and tranfmitted to the faid refpeilive commiffioners under the hand and feal of fuch magiflrate; provided that in every affidavit, Requifites in depofition, or affirmation, there be expreffed the addition of the party making the fame, and the particular place of his or her * abode, and the fame be entitled an affidavit, depofition, or affirmation, made in purfuan^ of this aft.

XXXII.	And be it further enailed, That if any perfon upon Perfons giv-

any fuch examination on oath or affirmation, or in any fuch	oa

affidavit, depofition, or affirmation, fhall wilfully and corruptly fJci^exami-give falfe evidence, or (hall wilfully and corruptly fwear or affirm nations, &c. any matter or thing which fhall be falfe or untrue, every fuch (hall be liable perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly conviiled, fhall be t.° PenaI^ and is hereby declared to be fubjeil and liable to fuch pains and tieso PerJuO* penalties as by any law now in being perfons conviiled of wilful

and corrupt perjury are fubjeil and liable to.

XXXIII.	And be it further enailed, That any indiftment rndiffments,

or information for perjury committed in any fikh affidavit,	he

depofition, or affirmation, as aforefaid, whether the fame fhall be county where taken or made within Great Britain or without, fhall and may the affidavit, be laid, tried, and determined, In the county where fuch See. was affidavit, depofition, or affirmation, fhall be exhibited to the exhibited, commiffioners, in purfuance of this aft.

XXXIV.	And be it further enailed, That the feveral fur- Surveyors veyors and infpeilors, who are or (hall be appointed to put in mfpeftors

F 2

to take the execution fgi^QWiug

Hosted by

Google

68

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

execution this prefent a<ff, (hall, before they (hall refpe&ively enter upon their office, take the following oath ; (that is to fay,)

4 T A. B, do fwear, That in the execution of an a6f intituled, jL[bere fet forth the title of this a£l\ I will examine and revife all ftatements delivered within my diftricf, and in furcharging the fchedules of income, and in objefling to dedudlions made therefrom, I will a<5t according to the beft of my information and knowledge; and that I will conduct myfelf therein without favour, affedtion, or malice; and that I will exercife the powers entrufted to me by the faid adt, in fuch manner only as (hall appear to me to be neceffary for the due execution of the fame, or as I (hall be diredled by the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or any three or more of them; and that I will not difclofe any particular contained in any ftatement or fchedule of income, or any evidence or anfwer given by any perfon who (hall be examined or make affidavit, depofirion, or affirmation, refpedling the fame in purfuance of the faid adt, except in fuch cafes, and to fuch perfons only, where it (hall be neceffary to difclofe the fame for the purpofes of the faid act, or in order to, or in the courfeof, a profecution for perjury committed in fuch examination or affidavit.

So help me GOD/

XXXV.	And be it further enadted. That every perfon to be commiffioners appointed a clerk to the faid refpedtive commiffioners (hall, to take the before he (hall enter upon his office, take the following oath ; following (that is to fay).

Oath.

4 TA, B. do fwear, That I will not difclofe any particular JL contained in any ftatement or fchedule of income, or any evidence dr anfwer given by any perfon who (hall be examined or make affidavit, depofition, or affirmation, refpedting the fame, in purfuance of an adl, intituled, [here fet forth the title of this except in fuch cafes, and to fuch perfons only, where it (hall be neceffary to difclofe the fame for the purpofes of the faid adl, and as I (hall be directed fo to do by two at leaft of the commiffioners adfing for the divifion or place for which I have been appointed, or in order to, or in the courfeof, a profecution for perjury committed in fuch affidavit, depofition, or affirmation.

So help me G O D.V

Powers, See. of 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. and all other ads relative to the duties under the management of the commiffioners of taxes, extended to this ad;

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled, That the feveral commiffioners who (hall be appointed for the purpofes of this a£t, and alfo the feveral perfons appointed, or to be appointed infpec-tors, furveyors, affeflors, or colle&ors, to put in execution the faid a£f, paffed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majejly an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war9 or the feveral afls relative to the duties under the management of the commiffioners

for

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regnl tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.	69

for the affairs of taxes, or any of them, fhall, and they are except where hereby refpedively empowered and required to do all things^^3 ^ neceifary for putting this ad in execution, with relation to the y rates and duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner, as they or any of them are or is authorifed to put in execution the ads above-mentioned, or any of them, or any matters or things therein contained; and the rates and duties hereby granted fhall and may be afeertained, managed, colleded, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under fuch penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and according to fuch rules, methods, directions, and provifions as the rates and afTeffments granted by the faid ad, paffed in the thirty-eighth year before-mentioned, and other the rates and duties now under the management of the com-miffioners for the affairs of taxes, or any of them, are, or is, or may be afeertained, managed, colleded, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, (except as far as any of the faid rules, methods, diredions, and provifions are exprefsly varied by this ad); and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, diredions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, contained in the faid ad, or any ad of the fame feffion of parliament relating thereto, for the affefling, furcharging, mitigating, abating, vacating, hearing, determining, or adjudging the affeffments on the amount of the rates to be charged under the authority ofthefaidad, or for advancing or paying the rates and duties charged thereby, either to the bank of England, or to the colledors appointed for that purpofe, or for accounting for the fame, and alfo all the powers, authorities, rules, penalties, claufes, matters, and things, contained in any ad or ads relating to the duties under the management of the commiffioners for the aifairs of taxes, (as far as the fame feveral powers, authorities, rules, diredions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, are refpedively applicable to the rates and duties granted by this ad, and not exprefsly varied or otherwife provided for hereby), fhall feverally and refpedively be in full force, and duly obferved, pradifed, and put in execution throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the feveral purpofes of this ad, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, diredions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this ad.	.	r

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That the commiffion- eCrsTaing ers ading in the execution of the ads relative to the faid prefent under the duties fhall, at their firft meeting to be held under this ad, as is prefent ads, herein-before direded, or any two of them prefent at fuch meet- at their ing, dired their precept or precepts to the aflefTors of the feveral [fee*f pariffies and places within their refpedive divifions, requiring fummon the them to appear before the faid commiffioners at fuch time and aflefTors to place as they fhall appoint, not exceeding fourteen days after aPPfar within fuch precept, and fhall, at fuch their appearance, iffue to fuch i^Yhe aflefTors the inftrudions and diredions duly filled up and figned inftrudions hy two or more of them* and fuch warrants under the hands and and warrants

y 3	feals	delivered by

Hosted by Google

7°

the furveyors and infpecftors under directions of the tax office.

[See i'. 49.] AfTelYors fhall yearly give notice to ho upholders and perfons occupying diftindt apartments, to deliver within 14. days lifts figned by them, containing the name of every lodger, inmate, See., (except fer-vants and infants), refident in fuch houfe or apartment; and alfo lifts of perfons redding abroad, infants, married women, See. entitled to income in the receipt of inch houfe-holder as truftee, and the names of hisco-truftees, if any ; and alfo of perfons receiving income from property of which any houfeholder is truftee ; which lifts fuch houfeholder, See. fhall make out accordingly; and alfo a ftatement of the fum he means to contribute (according to a form in fchedule B.) as not kk

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

feals of two or more of them, as the furveyors and infpeeftors fhall have had delivered to them for that purpofe, under the direction of the corn mi (Boners for the affairs of taxes.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enadled, That the afTelTors of the duties under the management of the commifiioners for the affairs of taxes, for the year ending on the fifth day of April one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-nine, (hall, within fourteen days after the date of the precept fo to be delivered to them as aforefaid, and the perfons to be appointed aftefTors of any of the duties under the like management, after the fifth day of April . one thoufand leven hundred and ninety-nine, fhall, within fourteen days after the date of the precept which fhall be iftued to them by the commiffioners for the purpofes of this a£t, in every year, during the term herein-mentioned, give notice to every houfeholder within the limits of the places for which fuch alfeffors fhall fo adl, or leave the fame at his or her dwelling houfe ; and, where any dwelling houfe fhall be let in different apartments, and occupied diftinftly by different families or perfons, who fhall either befeparately and diftindlly charged to the duties on windows and lights, or where the landlord of iuch dwelling houfe fhall by reafon of the fame being fo let, be charged to the faid duties, alfo give or leave the like notice to or for the occupier of each fuch dif-tindl apartment, to prepare and deliver, within forteen days next enfuing the day of ferving fuch notice, a lift in writing, containing, to the beft of his or her belief, the proper name of each and every lodger, inmate, and other perlon, (except fervants and infants not having any income chargeable by virtue of this act), refident in fuch dwelling houfe, or diftindl apartment, and alfo a lift, containing the proper name of every perfon not refident in Great Britain, and of every infant, idiot, lunatick, and married woman, who fhall have or be entitled to any income chargeable by virtue of this aeft, which fhall be in the actual receipt of fuch houfeholder or occupier, as truftee, agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or in any other character, either feparately, or jointly with any other perfon or perfons, and if jointly with any other perfon or perfons, then the proper name of every fuch other perfon or perfons; and alfo the name or names of every other perfon or perfons for whom any houfeholder or occupier fhall hold any property as fuch truftee, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, the income whereof fhall be in the actual receipt of fuch other perfon or perfons ; and every fuch houfeholder or occupier fhall, after fuch notice fo given or left, make out fuch lifts, and fign the fame with his or her proper name, and fhall alfo at the fame time make out and deliver a ftatement in writing, figned by him or her, of the fum which he or (he means to pay under this a£t, as his or her contribution (according to one of the forms marked (B.) hereunto annexed, and as the cafe may require), as being not lefs than the juft rate or proportion of his or her annual income, eftimated according to the provifions of this act, with which he or fhe ought to be charged by virtue thereof ^nd alfo a like ftate-

tnent

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.	71

ment or account in writing, figned by. him or her, of the fum than the juft which he or fhe propofes fhould be contributed for and on behalf of fuch other perfon or perfons as aforefaid, for whom fuch un(jer houfeholder or occupier is in the a&ual receipt of any income, a<5t; and alfo as being not lefs than the juft rate and proportion of the annual a like lfate-income of fuch other perfon or perfons chargeable by virtue °f to^e^ this ad; which lifts and ftatements, or fuch of them as the cafe contributed (hall require, according to the provifions of this a6t, every fuch by any perfon houfeholder or occupier (hall deliver or caufe to be delivered to whofe income fuch afleflor or afleffors within the fpace of fourteen days after ^der°&c' fervice of fuch notice; and if any fuch houfeholder or occupier be in the (hall refufe or negledft to make out and fign fuch lifts or a&ual receipt ftatements, or either of them, as the cafe may require, and of fuch lifts* deliver the fame to the afleflor or afleflors within the time be-fore-mentioned, then fuch afleflor or afleffors (hall return to the delivered to laid commiflioners for executing this a61, the names of any fuch the afleffors houfeholders or occupiers making fuch default as aforefaid, and within 14. fhall alfo make out a lift, containing the names of all fuch houfeholder lodgers, inmates, and others, (except fervants and infants not negie# to having any income as aforefaid), refident in the dwelling houfe deliver fuch of any fuch houfeholder or occupier making fuch default as lifts, &c. the aforefaid, and alfo of all perfons for whom and on whofe behalf fuch houfeholder or occupier ought to make out and deliver fuch name and the lift and ftatement as aforefaid (if any fuch there be, within the names of all knowledge of fuch afleflor or afleffors).	fuch as ought

XXXIX. And be it farther enatfed, That the faid afleflors £>

(hall, within feven days after any fuch lifts of lodgers, inmates, knowledge of and others, refident in any dwelling houfe or diftin£l apartment, the faid aflef-(hall be delivered to them as aforefaid, give or leave notice in fors. [See like manner as aforefaid, to or for every perfon fo returned to a^° them as fuch lodger or inmate, or other perfon refident as afore-faid, to make out and deliver, within fourteen days after the day names Qf of ferving fuch notice, the like lift in writing of the perfons not lodgers, &c. refiding in Great Britain, and of infants, idiots, lunaticks, and afleflors fhall married women, who (hall have or be entitled to any income chargeable by virtue of this act, which (hall be in the receipt of turn firnjiar~ fuch lodger or inmate, or other perfon refpe£tively, or fhall lifts: and on actually receive any income derived from property which fuch default fhall lodger or inmate fhall hold as fuch truftee, guardian, tutor,	to	the

curator, or committee, and of the names of fuch other perfons commjffi0n-(if any) as fhall be joined with him or her as truftee, agent, or ers, and the receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or in any other names of fuch character, as is hereby required to be made out and delivered by houfeholders; and every fuch lodger, inmate, or other perfon returned by aforefaid, (hall make out fuch lift, and deliver the fame figned them, in the as aforefaid, and (hall alfo make out and deliver fuch and the knowledge like ftatements of the fum he or (he means to contribute on his or her own account, and alfo propoles fhould be contributed for c or on behalf of any other perfon or perfons as aforefaid, as are hereby required to be made out and delivered by houfeholders; yvflich lifts or ftatements, or fuch of them as the cafe (hall

f 4	require.

Hosted by

Google

72

Annoregni tricefimo nono Georgii III* c* 13. [179$,

Require, according to the provifions of this a61 as laft-mentioned, every fuch perfon (hall deliver to fuch affefTor or affeffors, within the fpace of fourteen days after fervice of fuch notice ; and if any fuch perfon (hall negle£t or refufe to make out fuch lifts or flatements, or either of them, as the cafe fhall require, and deliver the fame to the affefTor or affeffors within the time before

Anot to extend to perfons exempted by their poverty from poor rates,

& c\

Income of married women fhall be

mentioned, then fuch affefTor or affeffors fhall return to the commiffioners the names of all fuch perfons making fuch default as laft aforefaid, and fhall alfo make out a lift containing the names of all perfons of and for whom fuch perfon making fuch default ought to make out and deliver fuch lifts and ftate-ments as aforefaid (if any fuch there be within the knowledge of fuch affefTor or affeffors).	,

XL. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to require any notice to be delivered to, or any lift or ftatement to be returned by, any perfon refiding in any tenement whereof all the inhabitants are, by reafon of their poverty only, exempted from the abtual payment of the ufual rates and taxes toward the church and poor.

XLI. And be it further enabled, That the income of any ilated by their married woman, living with her hulband, fhall be dated and hufbands; accounted for by her hufband at the time of delivering his own ma ^ W^e ftatement under this a61; provided that the commiffioners fhall examined as at ^^)er-ty to fummon the wife, and examine her touching her to her fepa- feparate property, under fuch rules and regulations as any party rate property, may by this a61 be examined.

If the ceftui XLII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if

que trull is any other perfon, for whom fuch perfon as aforefaid fhall a hi as

rehdestn6 tru^ee’ a&ent’ or reviver, fhall be of full age, and fhall relide

Great Britain, *,n Great Britain at the time required for the return of fuch lift as

it fhall be aforefaid, it fhall be fufficient for fuch truftee, agent, or receiver,

lufficient for to return in fuch lift the proper name and place of refidence of

the tru tee fuch ot}ler perf0n without making any ftatement of the fum to to return ms ,	r	.	5	. . , r , p J .	,	.	.	,.n	r ,

be contributed or paid tor luch other perlon, which lilts of other

perfons fo relident as aforefaid fhall be forthwith delivered to

the furveyor or infpeblor where fuch lift fhall be delivered, for

the information of the commiftiohers for the affairs of taxes.

XLIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That no

truftee who fhall have authorifed the receipt of the income of any

truft property, by or on the behalf of the perfon entitled thereto,,

and who fhall permit fuch income to be received by the perfon

or perfons fo authorifed to receive the fame, fhall be deemed to

be in the a6tua! receipt of fuch income, but the perfon or

perfons who fhall really and bona fide receive the fame for his,

her, or their ufe or benefit under fuch authority, fhall be deemed

to be in the ablual receipt thereof within the intent and meaning

of this abl; and that no perfon who, as banker, agent, or receiver,

fhall receive any income for the ufe of any perfon beneficially

entitled thereto, and refident in Great Britain, fhall be deemed

to be in the acffual receipt of fuch income within the intent and

meaning of this abl*

XLIV, And

name and relldence, to be delivered to the furveyor, Sec.

INo truflee who has authorifed his ceftui que truft to receive the income of truft property, nor any banker. See. of perfons entitled to income fhall be deemed to be in the abtual receipt of fuch income.

Hosted by

Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgxi IIL C-13.	73

XLIV. And be it further enadfed, That the afleffors appointed Afleffor (hall for the prefent year ending as aforefaid, (hall, within fourteen	tiie

days after the date of fuch fir A-mentioned precept as aforefaid, and church doors, the afleffors to be appointed for any fubfequent year after the fifth general noday of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, (hall, tices to all within fourteen days after the date of fuch laft-mentioned precept as aforefaid, in every year during the term herein mentioned, lifts and caufe general notices to be affixed on the doors of the church or (tatements, chapel, and market houfe or crofis (if any) of the city, town, which (hall be parifh, or place, for which fuch afleffors {hall adt, and it fuch ^'ice tcfall^ town or place fhall not have a church or chapel, or market houfe fllchrefidents, or crofs, then on the church or chapel door of the next adjoining though the parifh, requiring all perfons refiding in the fa id city, town, notice requir-parifh, or place, who are by this a df required fo to do, to make our n^deiivertd and deliver to the refpedlive afleffors fuch lids and ftatements as to them, are hereby required; and fuch general notice fhall, from the time when the fame fhall be affixed as aforefaid, be deemed fufficient notice to all perfons refident in fuch city, town, parifh, or place, and the affixing the fame in manner before directed fhall be deemed good fervice of fuch notice, notwithftanding fuch notices as are herein-before directed fhall not actually have been left at the houfe of any houfeholder, or at the place of refidence of any lodger or inmate, or other perfon refident within fuch parifh or place ; and the faid refpedtive afleffors fhall caufe the faid notices from time to time to be replaced (if neceflary) for the fpace of ten days before the time required for the delivery of fuch lifts and ftatements as aforefaid ; and every perfon wilfully Perfons defac-tearing, defacing, or obliterating any fuch notice fo affixed, during the faid fpace of ten days, fhall forfeit, for every fuch forfeit.not offence, a fum not exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered as more than any penalty may be recovered under the faid firft: recited adt, s°h or this adf.

XLV. And be it further enadfed, That the faid afleffors (hall, Afleffors fhall from time to time, within three days after the refpedtive times Jranfmit^to herein-before limited for the delivery of the (aid lifts and ftate- tfte commitments, to them as aforefaid, (in cafe commiffioners fhall be then fioners' clerk, appointed for the purpofes of this act, or otherwife within three the returns days after fuch appointment), tranlmit to the clerk to the faid commiffioners for the purpofes of this adt, in the-divifion or the names Gf place for which fuch afleffors fhall adt, all returns then before perfons neg-made to the faid afleffors, and alfo all returns thereafter made idling to

to them within three days after their receipt of the fame, to be ^urnsU<”^ laid before the faid commiffioners at their firft meeting after their receiving the fame; and fhall alfo, as foon as conveniently may be, tranfmit to the faid clerk lifts of the names of all perfons who fhall have negledted to make any fuch returns as aforefaid, to be laid before the faid commiffioners at their firft meeting after the receipt of fuch lifts refpedlively.

XLVI. And be it further enadted, That every affeffor fhall Afleffors fhall perfonally appear before the faid commiffioners at their faid firft commiffioners

meeting, at their plrft

Hosted by Google

74	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii IIL c. 13. [1798.

meeting, and meeting, or fuch other meetings as fuch affeflbr fhall be ap-iffie^cftie^erP0*nte<^ t0 attencU and (hall make oath or folemn affirmation vice of notice ^e^ore them that the feveral notices required to be delivered to on all houfe- houfeholders and occupiers, and alfo to lodgers and inmates, by holders, S:c. this aft, have been duly ferved in the manner required thereby and ot affixing Up0n al[ houfeholders and occupiers, and upon all inmates and notice -"and lodgers, within the limits of the places for which fuch affeffors (hall to the truth have been appointed, to the beft of his knowledge; and that general of the ltate- notices to the effeft mentioned in the faid a61 have been duly affixed meats of lifts jn the manner required by this aft on fuch proper places within them'to the ^	town> or place, for which fuch afleffor (hall aft, as by

eommiffion* this a& is required ; and that the ftatements delivered by him to os’ clerks. the clerk to the faid commiffioners are all the ftatements which

Penalty on negleft by af-felldr, in any particular, not exceeding 2 ol.

Comrniffion-ers may certify to the tax office the good conduit of the affeflbr, and what reward they think due to him; which the tax office may direct the receiver general to pay.

Reward to Purveyors, to be Vegu-

have been returned to him in purfuance of this aft; and that the lift delivered by him contains the name of every perfon within the faid limits having made default, or whofe name ought to be. returned according to the directions of this aft, within the knowledge <of fuch afTefTor; and every afleffor who (hall negleft to appear before fuch commiffioners, and make fuch oath or affirmation, or who fhall not return any ftatement of income made to him, or fhall wilfully omit to return the name or names of any perfon or perfons who fhall not have returned any ftatement or lift, or whofe name ought to be included in any lift, as by this aft is required, fhall forfeit for every fuch offence, any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the faid firft recited aft, or this aft.

XLVII. And be it further enafted, That if any afTefTor fhall, in the execution of his office under this aft, have condufted himielf to the fatisfaftion of the commiffioners for the purpofes of this aft, afting for the divifion or place where fuch afleffor fhall be appointed, it fhall be lawful for the commiffioners afting for fuch divifion or place, or the major part of them prefent at any meeting to be holden for that purpofe, to grant to fuch a fife fTor a certificate of his good conduct in fuch office, and fuch commiffioners are thereupon required to report, in and by fuch certificate, to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, their opinion as to the fum which, in their judgement, will be a fuit-able reward to fuch afTefTor for his pains and labour in fuch office, regard being had, in eftimating the value of fuch reward, to the extent arid population of the diftrift within which fuch a fife (Tor fhall have afted, and the number of perfons chargeable with the rates and duties granted by this aft, and his diligence in the execution of this aft; and it fhall be lawful for the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, upon fuch certificate and report, to grant fuch reward to fuch affeflbr as to them fhall feem fit, not exceeding the amount contained in fuch certificate and report, and to direct the receiver general of the faid rates and duties to pay the fame to fuch afTefTor out of the monies in his hands arifing from the faid rates and duties.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no reward fnall be given to any furveyor or infpeftor employed

iu

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13*	75

in the execution of this acft, for his fervice under the fame, unlefslated by cer-the commiffioners for executing this a£l, or the commiffioners tificate of the for hearing and determining appeals, {hall grant him a like cer-£°smmi lon' tificate of his good condudt in fuch his office, nor to any greater amount than the faid commiffioners granting fuch certificate {hall reprefent him to be entitled to.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That iflfcommif-the refpedtive commilhoners of the land tax and fupply, and other the prefent duties before mentioned, fhall omit to ilTue fuch pre- theaffelTors cepts to the refpecftive affeffors in manner before-mentioned, it [feef. 37.] the fhall be lawful for any juftice of the peace of the county, riding, juftices of .the {hire, ftewartry, or place, on complaint of fuch omiffion by any co^n^)> ^c* furveyor or infpedtor, to fummon fuch afTelTors before him, and	^Wltk

upon their appearance to iffue to them the like inftruciions, di- their initr'uc-regions, and warrants, as the faid commiffioners are hereby au-tions, &c. thorifed to iffue; and if any affeffor of the faid duties fhall neg- AfTelTors reject to appear before the faid commiffioners or juftice, according *uhng to ap-to the dire&ions of this a61, or to take upon himfelf the execu- ^he jiutices6 to tion of this a<ff, according to the directions thereof, every fuch forfeit not ex-afteiTor fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceed-ceeding 20I. ing twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may by the faid fir ft recited aeft, or this a£f, be recovered.	Thecommif-

L. And be it further enabled, That the commiffioners adfing fioners fhall, in and for each divifion (hall, within feven days after the time fFonl to fixed for the delivery of fuch lifts or ftatements, and fo from alphabetical time to time, caufe an abftracf of fo many of the fame as fhall abftra&s in have been laid before them, containing the names of all perfons books, of the included in fuch returns as being chargeable by virtue of this a£f, ^ec^itPb^ (arranged alphabetically), with their refpe&ive places of reft- tionpropolS* dence, and the fums propofed to be contributed, and alfo the &c. contained proportion which thole fums bear to the income affeffed, to be in the lifts prepared and entered in a book or books to be provided and romtsPfr kept by them, to which book and books every infpe&or and	*	l~

furveyor acting in the execution of this a.£t may have free accefs which’books at all feafonable times, and {hall, upon demand, be furnifhed by the infpe&ors the clerk to the faid commiffioners with copies thereof, or ex- '^ve ac“ trails from the fame, or fuch parts thereof as maybe nece^'ary be fonftlhed^ for the due execution of this a6t.	with copies,

LI. And be it further enacted, That the feveral and refpec- &c. tive commiffioners for the purpofes of this a6t fhall appoint The commif-meetings within their refpe<5tive diviiions, which fhall be held fioners lhall not fooner than fourteen days nor later than twenty-one days aPPoint rnreu after fuch ftatements fhall have been laid before them as afore- foch^tate^ faid, for the taking the fame into confideration j and in cafe the ments into, faid commiffioners (hall be fatisfied that all or any of the faid confideration, ftatements have been made truly and without fraud, and fo as to° fPrta^ enable the commiffioners to charge the feveral perfons charge- aiTdr.am able as aforefaid within their refpediive diftrifts, or any of them, mentson fuch with the full duties with which they ought to be charged under ftatements as this aeft, or more, and in cafe no information fhall be given to ihall be the faid commiffioners of the infufficiency thereof, as herein-after PndrnakTafl*

is felTtnents accordingly.

Hosted by Google

76

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii 111.

fuch ftatement, fug-gelling in writing that he hath reafon to believe that the fum which would be chargeable on any perfon upon fuch ftatement,1 is lefs than the juft rate or proportion of the income of fuch perfon, whereat he or (he ought to be charged by virtue of this a<5f, or that any perfon omitted in the abftradt which (hall be prepared by the faid commiftioners, ought to be charged to the faid rates, the faid commiffioners (hall, unlefs.

c. 13. [1798.

is mentioned, the faid commifrioners fhall at fuch meeting, or as foon after as conveniently may be, but not Jater than feven days after fuch meeting, compute and afcertain, or caufe to be computed and afcertained, the amount of the rates and duties to be impofed upon futh of the refpedfive perfons chargeable by this a£t, within their refpecftive diftricfts, whofe ftatements fhall be deemed fatisfadlory by fuch commiffioners, and fhall make an affeffment upon each of thofe persons accordingly, co 1 muifhoncrs	^11.	^n^	further enatfted, That in every inftance in

have received which the faid commiffioners fhall not have received any ftatement no ftatement, of the income of any perfon chargeable by virtue of this a<5t, or or no fatistac- [ball not have received any fuch ftatement, with which they fhall or	or if any furveyor or infpedlor for the faid rates and

iiiaUapply ^ut’es fhall apply to the laid commiffioners for a revifion of any for the revi-	- — - - -	I I "

fion of any ftatement, fuggeding its deficiency in writing, they fhall l'fiue a pre-

partV charge- they, or many of them as are herein-after mentioned, after able, who fhall having heard fuch reafons as the furveyor fhall lay before them, accordingly, fee caufe to difallow the application of fuch furveyor or infpe&or, direct a precept to fuch perfon, in the form marked (F.) in the fchedule annexed to this adf; which precept being delivered to or left at the faft or ufual place of abode of the perfon chargeable as aforefaid, fhall be binding upon fuch perfon according to the exigency of fuch precept; and every fuch perfon fhall return or caufe to be returned to the faid commiffioners, within the fpace of ten days after the date of fuch precept, a fchedule of the particular of property from which the income chargeable under this act ought to be eftimated, with the amount of deductions to be made therefrom under fuch of the heads contained in and according to the form marked (D.) in the fchedule annexed to this a£t, as the cafe fhall require.

LUI. And be it further enadted, That unlefs all the corn-mi dioner, except one, where lefs than five fhall be prefent, or all except two commiffioners where five fhall be prefent, fhall adjudge that there is juft: caufe to difallow the application of any furveyor or infpedfor to revife any ftatement as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the faid commilTioners, and they are hereby required in every fuch cafe, to difallow the fame, and thereupon to compute and afcertain, or caufe to be computed and afcertained, rhe amount of the rates and duties which by this a6t ought to

within 10 days, return a ' fchedule of 1 the particulars of 1 is income; (according to form I), in the ( ichecluie.)

One commif-iioner of lels than five prelent, or two out of five, may difallow the application, &c. of any furveyor, S.C. and the com million -cj s fhall then make the af-feffment on the party’s

be impofed upon the perfon giving in fuch ftatement in refpedt thereof, and to make an affeffment upon fuch perfon accordingly, owiMlattrnent fubjedf to fuch appeal from the determination of the faid comas given in; miffioners, by fuch furveyor or infpedor, as herein-after is mentioned*

(fubjeft to appeal under i/71.)

LIV. And

Hosted by Google

1798 ] Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.	77

LIV. And be it further enabled. That if any perfon whd fhall Perfons may have delivered any lift, ftatement, or fchedule, in purfuance	^th^ir^fh^

this aft, (hall difcover any error therein, it (hall be lawful for fuch or ftatements perfon to deliver a new or additional lift, ftatement, or fchedule, by delivering to the faid commiftioners, in order to rectify fuch error, and if a new lift, fuch new or additional lift* ftatement, or, fchedule, (hall be fo pr^edfng00 delivered before any proceeding (hall be had to recover any (^d\\ be ^ct penalty for not delivering the fame, no proceedings (hall after- for any penal-wards be had for recovering any fuch penalty; and if any pro- tyincurred: ceeding fhall have been actually had for recovering any fuch proceedbe penalty, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiftioners, upon proof commenced, being made to their fatisfaction, that no fraud or evafion of this it may (on a£t was intended, to certify the fame under the hands of any two certificate of or more of them, and upon fuch certificate, on application in a	thTtno

fummary way to the court where the fame fhall be commenced, fraud was in-all proceedings for recovering fuch penalty (hall be ftayed, either tended) be on payment of the cofts of the proceedings then had, if any, or ftayed by the without payment of fuch cofts, as the faid court (hall think fit f^^a^y a and adjudge.	^	plication.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacfted, That if any A truftee truftee, agent, or other perfon hereby required to deliver any fhnll not be ftatement or fchedule of any income, of which fuch truftee, liable to any agent, or other perfon (hall be in the a&ual receipt on behalf of penalty any other perfon or perfons, fhall deliver any ftatement or fchedule which (hall be imperfecft, declaring himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves the commif-to be unable to give a more perfect ftatement or fchedule, with (loners are the reafons for fuch inability, fuch perfon fhall not be liable to Satisfied that any penalty for not having delivered a ftatement or fchedule, to deliver one according to the directions of this act, in cafe the faid com- more perfect; miftioners (hall be fatisfied that fuch perfon was, at the time of and if he de-the delivery of fuch ftatement or fchedule, unable to deliver a b’ver as perfect more perfect ftatement or fchedule, and in cafe fuch perfon (hall, jJei^aWe1^ ^ upon the fequilition of the faid commiftioners, deliver as perfect from time to a ftatement* or fchedule as fuch perfon (hall from time to time time, when be enabled to give.	required by

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when- ^oen^^ml * ever the time allowed by this act for delivering any ftatement or commiflion-fchedule may not be fufficient for that purpofe, by reafon of the ers mayen-difficulty of afcertaining the particulars or amount of any income large the or otherwife, it (hall be lawful for the refpective commiftioners, time for de-on application to them for that purpofe, to enlarge the time for ft^emenus delivering the fame; and that no perfon (hall be liable to any andfchediftes, penalty for not having delivered fuch ftatement or fchedule, to any time for delivery whereof fuch further time (hall be obtained, if the not beyond faid commiftioners (hall think fit fo to order, and in fuch cafe all jays before proceedings for recovery of any fuch penalty (hall be (laid, on a thefirft inftal-fummary application for that purpofe to the court where fuch mentofthe proceeding (hall be commenced : provided always, That the faid duty: commiftioners (hall not enlarge the time for delivering fuch date- p^yfoulhfhad ment beyond forty days, or the time for delivering fuch fchedule tor penalties beyond thirty days before the time when the firft imhlment pf may be (laid

the in a funamary way.

Hosted by

Google

7»

AfTeffments fhall be made (after 14 days)by the commiffioners on fuch fchedules.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Ge6R$ii III. c. 13. [1798.

the duty chargeable in re{pe£t of the income to which fuch ftate-ment or fchedule fhall relate would be payable if the fame were duly charged with fuch duty upon a ftatement or fchedule delivered within the time limited by this a

LVII. And be it further enacted. That the faid commif-fioners (hall caufe affclTments to be made and computed upon the amount of income contained in every fuch fchedule refpedfively with which they (hall not be difiatisfied,. as foon after the expiration of fourteen days after fuch fchedule {hall be returned as

wh’ch (ha'll be ^ey conveniently can, after calling upon the party to verify the verified on fame, upon oath or affirmation, if the faid commiffioners fhall oath if re- think the fame necefiary, in which cafe fuch oath or affirmation quired: but if fhall be final, and conclusive ; but if the faid commiffioners fhall be returned anY inftance have received no fuch fchedule in purfuance of or an unfatis- their precept, or if they fhall not be fatisfied therewith, and the faftory one, party fhall not on the requifition of the commiffioners have veri-and refuted to fied fuch fchedule in manner aforefaid, or if the infpedtor or oath^or if the ^urveYor have rnade any furcharge upon any fuch fchedule, infpedor, &c. or objected to any deductions made thereupon, for the 'purpofe has made any of difcharging the fame, or any part thereof, it fhall be lawful for furcharge, the faid commiffioners, and they are hereby required, unlefs they, ftme°not^dif or m2LnY t^em as are herein-before mentioned, after having allowed by the heard fuch reafons as the furveyor fhall lay before them, fee caufe commiffion- to difallow fuch furcharge or difcharge, in every fuch cafe, to ers; they fhall fummon the party mentioned in any fuch fchedule, or in any ftimmon the puc[1 notice or certificate of furcharge or difcharge, before them able to attend t0 examined, and alfo any other perfon or perfons whom they andbeexamin- fhall think able to give information refpedting the income of fuch ed (on three perfon, at a day and place to be fixed by the faid commiffioners, and^lfb^an ^ w^ich t^'iree days notice at the leaft fhall be given to the per-other perfons, ^on or perfons to be fummoned; and upon the appearance of fuch to give them ’ party fo to be charged before the faid commiffioners, or any two information, or more commiffioners acting for the faid divifion or place, or -mine them” uPon the appearance of any perfon or perfons fummoned to give evidence, to receive and take information, according to the powers vefted in them by this adt, from the party or other perfons fo fummoned, and attending to give evidence touching the particulars mentioned in any fuch fchedule, or touching any other particulars omitted to be mentioned, or of which no fchedule fhall have been delivered, and which ought to have been mentioned in fuch fchedule, or on fuch other points as they fhall think necefiary to afcertain the rate and proportion with which fuch perfon ought to be charged ; provided that fuch party fhall be at liberty, at any time before he or fhe fhall be called upon to _	.	verify his or her fchedule on oath or folemn affirmation, as

59], and if the herein-after is mentioned, to amend fuch fchedule in all fuch ersare fatisfi- particulars wherein he or fhe fhall- fee occafion ; and if the faid ed with fuch commiffioners fhall not be diffatisfied with fuch amended fche-amended dule, then an afTeffment fhall be made and the rates and duties mafs the comPuted thereupon in the manner before directed, party accord*	LVIII#	And

mgly.

on all points neceffary to afcertain tlie charge to be made; but the party (hall be at liberty to amend his fchedule, before being required to verify it on oath [fee f.

Hosted by

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.	79

LVIII, And be it farther enafted, That every perfon who All the par-fhall appear before the faid commiffioners for the purpofes of this aft, in purfuance of fuch fummons as aforefaid, for the purpofe ccpt t^e party of giving any teftimony or evidence touching or concerning chargeable,or any rate or afTeftment made or any ftatement or fchedule delivered his confiden-in purfuance of this aft, or vouching any doubt, queftion, or dif-ficulty which (hall arife relating thereto, (other than the party to evjdence on be charged and mentioned in fuch fchedule, or the clerk, agent, oath, or fervant of, or other perfon confidentially entrufted or employed in the affairs of the faid party), (hall, before he, fhe, or they (hall proceed to give fuch teftimony or evidence, take an oath, or being one of the people called Quakers^ a folemn affirmation (which oath or affirmation any one or more of the faid commif-fioners is and are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter) that the teftimony or evidence to be given by him, her, or them,

(hall contain the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, in re-fpeft of the matter or queftion concerning which fuch teftimony or evidence is to be given.

LIX, And be it further enafted, That where the party men- Where the tioned in fuch fchedule, or the clerk, agent, or fervant of the	Ids*"

party or other perfon confidentially entrufted or employed as agen\ attends, aforefaid, (hall appear before the faid commiffioners for the pur- the firbftance9 pofe of giving fuch teftimony or evidence, then and in every fuch of their evi-cafe the fubftance of the teftimony or evidence given by any fuch ^duce^foto laft mentioned perfon or perfons (hall be, and the faid commif- writin^ and fioners are hereby required to caufe the fame to be reduced into read tothem, writing, and to be read to the perfon or perfons havirlg given and they (hall fuch teftimony or evidence, before he, (he, or they (hall be called upon to verify the fame according to the directions of this aft; thereof* but provided that in cafe he, (he, or they (hall, after fuch teftimony they fhall be or evidence (hall be reduced into writing, and read over to him, firlt permitted her, or them, be fatisfied with the fubftance of the matter fo re-duced into writing, he, (he, or they (hall fwearor folemnly affirm JJfall no^ be1* to the truth of the fubftance thereof, (which oath or affirmation compelled to the faid commiffioners, or any one or more of them, is and are anfwer any hereby authorifed to adminifter): provided always, That any perfon who (hall appear to give any fuch teftimony or evidence j^remptori^r as laft mentioned, (hall be permitted to alter or amend any part fo to do. of his or her teftimony or evidence, if he or (he (hall think proper, before lie or (he (hall be called upon to verify the fame: provided alfo, That no fuch laft mentioned perfon (hall be compelled to anfwer any queftion which may be put to him or her by the faid commiffioners for the purpofes of this aft, or any other perfon or perfons whomfoever, before the faid commiffioners in purfuance of this aft; but that every fuch laft mentioned perfon may decline peremptorily to anfwer any queftion whenever he or (he (hall think proper, without (hewing or alledging any excufe for his or her fo doing.

LX. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Surveyors, feveral furveyors and infpeftors of the prefent duties placed under ^enVhe** the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, and in ft ^

for may examine

Hosted by Google

So	Anno	regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

lilts of houfe- for any other perfons who {hall be appointed to adt as furveyors

holders, &c. and infpedfors in the execution of this adt, who fhall refpediively

de^the^adt1” ^ave ta^en oat^ before flated, fo as to bind him or them not

and amend the t0 difclofe the particulars or evidence as aforefaid, to infpedt and

fame; and examine all lifts of houfeholders, lodgers, and others, which

may alfo in- fha 11 be returned in purfuance of this adf, and to fupply any

codes'of theC orni^ons which fuch furveyor or infpedlor may difcover therein ;

It ate merits ^ anc^ a^° to infpedt and examine the feveral ftatements which fhall

returned; and have been delivered in purfuance of this adt; and to take fuch

may alfo ex- copies of, and extradts from, the lame, as they fliall think re-

amme and quifite; and further, That it {hall be lawful for fuch furveyors lurcnarce A •	g*	9	j

fchedules of ar,d infpedtors to infpedt and examine any fchedule of income

income re- returned to the faid commiflioners, before fuch time as the par-

turned to the ties refpeftively, or witnefles, {hall have been examined before

commiffioner. the commiflioners touching the truth thereof, and to fur-

ties charge- charge the fame according to the belt of their knowledge or in-

able are ex- formation, and to ohjedt to any deductions, or any part thereof,

amined there- for the purpofe of difcbarging the fame, which, in the judgement

ob^^toan^ ^	^ furveyors or infpedtors, ought not to be contained in

improper3dJ- fuch fchedule ; which furcharges and difcharges refpedfively, the

du&ions faid commiffioners fhall take into their confideration at the time

therein;which Gf fuch examination of the parties or witnefles ; provided that fhafkbe not^ce *n writing fhall have been given by fuch furveyors or in-confidered by fpedtors to the party to be charged, containing the particular the commif- article or articles mentioned in fuch fchedule, to which fuch fur-iioners, on ex- veyor or infpedtor fhall object; and alfo it {hall be lawful for the 11™*narmies° ^aic^ furveyors and infpedtors to infpedt and examine any rate or but notice* a{TeAment which {ball be made under the authority of this adt, mutt be given and in cafe he or they {hall find, at any time before the faid com-by the furvey-miflioners {hall have figned and allowed any aflefffnents, any ch jmgefToft he error in the fame, or any of them, which in the judgement of the particular ob- fa^ furveyors and infpedtors {hall require amendment, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, and they are hereby required, upon fufficient caufe being {hewn to them, to amend the fame accordingly; and in cafe any error fhall be difcovered in any af-feflment after the fame {hall be allowed, it (hall be lawful for the faid furveyors or infpedtors, and he or they is or are hereby re-quired to certify the fame to the faid refpedtive commiflioners, bvthe^om- w*10 ^ave Power t0 caufe the fame to be amended, if in milfioners, in their judgement they deem an amendment requiiite: provided always, That notice (hall be given to the party of any amendment made in fuch afleflment by reafon of fuch furcharges or

je<tions to the 1 fchedule : furveyors,

&c. may alfo infpefr the af-fc Aments previous to their

oi der to their being amended, and after

allowance the difcharges, in order that he may appeal from the fame; and the

afle Aments may alfo be amended on certificate from the fur

refpedtive commiflioners for hearing and determining appeals {hall alfo have notice thereof, who are hereby refpedtively required, upon fuch notice, to appoint, from time to time, in manner herein-before directed, days for hearing all appeals made for vevors, &c.to any of the caufes laft-mentioned, in fuch manner and at fuch the commif* times, within the periods before limited, as fhall be convenient; boners: no- provided alfo, That no appeal from any afleflment to be made amendment by v>rtue this a<3} (hall retard the execution of this adt fo far or afleflments

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.	81

as relates to the levying the rates and duties contained in fuch be given aflefTment^ but that it (hall be lawful for the refpedive officers to the party employed in the colledion of the refpedive rates or duties hereby	^t0

impofed, to caufe the fame to be levied in the mean time, and f10rters 0f ap_ until fuch appeals (hall be determined, as if no fuch appeals, peals, who had been made : provided always. That after the determination fhall appoint of fuch appeals, the faid refpedive commiffioners for the pur- times for hear-pofes of this ad, (hall caufe the afTefTments fo appealed againft thereon^but to be amended according to fuch determination, and the fubfe- no appeal quent payments to be adjufted thereby, fo that the full fums fet- (hall retard tied by the faid commiffioners for hearing and determining appeals, and no more, (hall be paid within the year.	which fhall'be

re-amended where neceffary by the commiffioners, after fuch appeals are determined, fo that the proper rate (hall be paid within the year.

LXL Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That if upon Where the the determination of any fuch appeals, it (hall appear to the faid payments commiffioners that the payments already made upon any fuch afleflment, or any part thereof, (hould be repaid, as being more for one year> than the full fum which the party aflefled ought to pay within on a certi-the year, or that the party ought not to have been charged there- cate from the with under this ad, it (hall be lawful for the-faid commiffioners to redify the afleffments as the cafes (hall refpedively require, the receiver * and thereupon to grant certificates thereof, dating therein re- general (halt fpedively the amount of the fums to be repaid; and upon therePaythe produdion of any fuch certificate to the receiver general of the	t0

county, riding, or place, where the fame (hall have been granted, ^ or to his deputy, if in England^ or to the receiver general of Scot-land, the faid receiver general refpedively (hall caufe the amount guch purvev-contained in fuch certificate to be paid out of any monies in his ors> &c# may hands of the rates and duties hereby granted.	examine pa-

LXII. And be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful for rj(h rates,

the faid refpedive furveyors and infpedors, being fworn as afore-	j

faid, to examine and infped any parochial rates or afieflments, 1by authority

fo far as relates to the amount or rate at which any perfon may from three

be aflefled therein ; and alfo any lift, or pannel of jurors, or per- commiffion-

fons fit to ferve on juries, in the cuftody of any publick officer^. o^ke

or officers; and alfo for any inlpedor or furveyor, having autho- mSy requ’jre

rity for that purpofe under the hands of three or more of the from the pro-

commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, to require from the pro- Per officer of

per officer having in his cuftody any accounts of a publick na- corPoratlons> r . .	.	&	.	.	J J	.	r	copies ot ac-

ture belonging to or kept by any corporation or company, a counts reja_

copy of fuch part or parts thereof as may relate to the income of tiveto the

any perfon or perfons, or any member or members of fuch cor- income of

poration or company, who (hall have received any dividends 0r robbers re-•	*	j	j	*	ceiving divi-

intereft from the funds or (lock of fuch corporation or company, (lends from

or (hall be entitled to the fame.	their (lock.

LXIII. And be it further enaded, That after fuch exami-After examination taken before the commiffioners for the purpofes of this nation of any ad as aforefaid, or in cafe any perfon appearing before the faid ah[^Qr\m;afe commiffioners (hall decline to anfwer any queftion put to him or Gf his non-her by the faid commiffioners, or being fummoned (ball not ap- appearance ot pear before the faid commiffioners to be examined, it (hall be retufal to be1

Vol. XLII.	G	lawful	examined, the

Hosted by VjjOO^ LC

82	Anno regni tricefima nono Georgii III. c. 13, [1798.

commilTion- lawful for the faid commiflioners, and they are hereby required, tain^hisrates' accor(bng t0 the beft °f tbeir judgement, to fettle and afcertain and make an *n w^at fums fuch perfon ought to be charged, and to make an afleffinent on afleffinent accordingly; and that when and as foon as the faid him ; and fend commiffioners fhall have figned and allowed any afleffments to fam^to^he C mac^e by v*rtue of this act, they fhall caufe copies of fuch af-collectors and feffments, figned by two or more of the faid commiflioners, to to the com- be made out and tranfmitted to the refpeftive collectors, ap-miflioners of pointed or to be appointed as aforefaid, in each parifli or place Oialfwbbin t^e divifions of the faid refpeftive commiffioners, and alfo warrants to another copy thereof to the commiffioners for hearing and de-the collectors, termining appeals for the county or place where fuqh aflefl'ment who fhall give (hall be made; and the faid refpeftive commiffioners, for the pur-amoun^of the P°^es this ac^? fhall iffue out their warrants to the colle&ors as affeflment to herein-after is required, according as the fame fhall become pay-theparty able, at the expiration of feven days after flgning and allowing charged. the faid affeffiments, and the collectors, to whom a copy of fuch afleffinent fhall be delivered, fhall forthwith caufe notice in writing of the amount of each perfon’s afleffinent to be given tp the perfon or perfons refpeCtively charged, or left at his or her laft or ufual place of refidence in the parifh or place for which fuch aflefl'ment fhall have been made, in purfuance of this aft. Perfons ag- JLXIV. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or per«-gneved by fons fhaU think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any rate or and fl^vevors ^flonent to be made by virtue of this aft, or if in any cafe where diffatisfied a fchedule fhall have been delivered, and a fubfequent examina-with the de- tion fhall have taken place as herein-before direfted, (except termination of where the party or parties to be charged fhall have verified his, fioners^on a her, or their fchedule, or fhall have anfwered on oath or affirma-fchedule deli- ti°n all fuch queftions as fhall have been demanded of him, her, vered, (except or them, by the faid refpeftive commiffioners), any furveyor or where it is infpeftor fhall be diflatisfied with the determination of the faid oath^ma11 commiflioners for the purpofes of this aft, it fhall be lawful for appeal; the fuch furveyor or infpeCtor, within forty days after fuch afleffi-furveyor, ment fhall be made, and for fuch party or parties refpeftively, within40days within fourteen days after notice of any affieffment made upon affeffment him, her* Gr ^em> by virtue of this aft, fhall have been given made, and the or left as aforefaid, but not afterwards, unlefs fpecial caufe be party within (hewn to the fatisfaftion of the commiffioners of appeals as herein 14 days after \s mentioned, to appeal to the commiffioners appointed to hear -t-toere- an(j determine appeals for the county, riding, (hire, flewartry, afterwards, or place where the matter of fuch appeal fhall arife, giving ten unlefs on fpe- days notice thereof at the lead to the faid commiflioners; and cial caufe the faid laft; mentioned commiffioners may, on any fuch appeal ^r^iffion^ being entered, fummon any perfon or perfons, either on the part ers of appeal, of the party or parties a(Tefled, or any other perfon,or perfons giving 10days whom the faid commiflioners fhall judge able to give them in-uotice. formation refpefting the particulars mentioned in fuch fchedule. The faid com* or on fuch other points as they fhall think neceflary for afcer-miffioners taining the due proportions which fuch party or parties af-the^ ar^H1011 ought to pay by virtue of this aft; and the faid laft men-charged, and	tioned

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.	83

tioned commiflioners are hereby authorifed and required to hear witneffes; and determine all fuch appeals duly made within the time be- ^ ap!r" fore limited, and to make fuch amendment in the afleffment of peai? may the party appealing or appealed againft, either by increafing or amend the diminifhing the fum affeffed, as to the faid commiflioners fhall, afleffment. under all circumftances proved to them, appear juft and equi-If the party table: provided always. That where the party affeffed appeals affefled ap-from fuch afleffment, or in cafe of an appeal by the furveyor or fue^Lyor t&c. infpeftor where the party appealed againft fhall not have deli- where no vered a fchedule to the commiflioners for the purpofes of this fchedule is aft, fuch party fhall, ten days at lead previous to the hearing of delivered), he fuch appeal, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the faid laft mentioned commiflioners, or their clerk, having taken the oath the hearing, herein-before prefcribed, a fchedule of particulars, in writing, of deliver to the his, her, or their income, according to the form in the fchedule commiffion-to this aft annexed, marked (D.); and the faid commiflioners o^theirfwom fhall not be at liberty to relieve from the faid afleffment, or to cierk a ^ ™ make any abatement therein, unlefs the party or parties affefled dule of his fhall, at the time of hearing fuch appeal, verify the fchedule of income ; particulars delivered by him, her, or them, either on oath or af- afford . firmation taken before the faid commiflioners, or on affidavit ed\im ^nlefs made and taken according to the directions of this aft, nor un- he verify the lefs the party or parties affefled, or fuch agent, clerk, or fervant fchedule on of fuch party or parties affefled, as the faid commiflioners fhall require to be examined, or fome credible witnefs or witneffes on agentt fliall ^ the behalf of fuch party or parties aflefled, fhall, to the fatisfac- anfwer all tion of the faid commiflioners, anfwer all fuch queftions, and queilions produce fuch conveyances, inftruments, writings, and docu- afhed, and ments, relative to the income of fuch party or parties affefled, as Stines the commiflioners fhall judge neceffary to enable them to afcer- demanded by tain the true fum in which the faid party or parties affefled the conamif-ought to charged.	fioners.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in Though a any cafe where the party affefled fhall have verified the particu- party fwearto lars contained in his or her fchedule of income upon oath, and where the furveyor or infpeftor fhall neverthelefs apprehend the may^nfde-determination made by the faid commiflioners to be contrary to daring hini-the true intent and meaning of this aft, or that they have dif- felfdiffitisfied allowed any furcharge, or allowed any deduftion contrary to the with the corn-fame, and fhall then declare himfelf diffatisfied with fuch deter- dete^mfna-mination, it fhall and maybe lawful for fuch furveyor or in- tion, demand fpeftor to require the faid commiflioners to ftate fpecially and a cafe from fign the cafe upon which the queftion arofe, together with their them, to be determination thereupon; which cafe the faid commiflioners, or cTmmiffion-the major part of them then prefent, are hereby required to ftate ers. of appeal, and fign accordingly, and to caufe the fame to be by him tranf- according to mitted to the commiflioners of appeal, who are hereby required, whofeopi--with all- convenient fpeed, to return an anfwer to the cafe fo	lhall

tranfmitted, with their opinion thereupon fubfcribed thereto, fettled, according to which opinion fo certified, the afleffment, which

G 2	fhall

84

In appeals on behalf of per-fons abroad, or prevented from attending by fick-nefs, &C. the commiffion-ers may poft-pone the hearing, or admit other proof of the fchedule than the party's oath; and may ftop the levying of the fam affeffed. Perfons refilling or neg-le<5ting to make out and deliver lifts and ftate-ments re-

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii 111. c. 13. [1798.

{hall have been the caufe of fuch appeal, {hall be altered or confirmed.

LXVI. Provided always, arid be it further enabled, That if appeal fhall be made by virtue of this aft on the behalf of any perfon or perfons who fhall be abfent out of the realm, or be prevented by ficknefs or other fufficient caufe from attending in perfon the hearing of fuch appeal, it fhall be lawful for the commiffioners for hearing and determining fuch appeal to poflpone from time to time the hearing of fuch appeal, or to admit other proof of the fchedule than the oath or affirmation of fuch party, if the faid commiffioners fhall be fatisfied of the truth of the rea-fon alledged for fuch delay or admiffion of other proof; and further, that it fhall alfo be lawful for the faid commiffioners to direct the levying of the fum fo afTefled to be ftayed until the determination of the appeal poftponed for any caufe before mentioned.

LXVII. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon required in purfuance of this aft to make out and deliver any lift, ftatement, or fchedule herein defcribed, fhall negleft or refufe to make out and fign fuch lift, ftatement, and fchedule, or either of them, as the cafe may require, and deliver or caufe the fame to be delivered to the afteffor or affeffors within the time herein mentioned, he or fhe fo refuting or offending fhall, for every

quired, to for- fuch default or offence, forfeit a fum not exceeding the fum of

feu not ex- twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered eeeding aol. under the faid ^ Qr this

Commiffion-	LXVIII. And be it further enafted, That the commiffioners

ers under this r .	.	,	.	.	.	’ .

a<5t fhall be f°r hearing and determining appeals, in any county, riding, afTefled by the fhire, ftewartry, or place, fhall affefs all and every the commif-commiffioners fioners for the purpofes of this aft, within the fame county,

or place; or within any city, town, or delivered by pl*ce being a county of itfelf, fituate within fuch county, riding, commiffion- fhire, ftewartry or place; and whenever any lift or ftatement ers, fhall be fhall be delivered in purfuance of this aft by any fuch commif-th^commif *° ^10ner f°r ^ie purpofes thereof, or on his behalf, or on his default, fioners Qf ’ fuch lift or ftatement fhall be forthwith tranfmitted to the com-miffioners for hearing and determining appeals for fuch county.

appeal, who

{hall a (ft in all riding, fhire, ftewartry, or place, who fhall have authority, and fuch refpedts -	*	—	--	*	*	*	*	‘	-

as commif-iioners, do in others; certificates of

are hereby required to affefs and determine the fum which fuch

commiftioner ought to contribute in purfuance of this aft; and

fuch commiffioners for hearing and determining appeals fhall

and may aft in all refpefts therein in the fame manner, and have

ments^hTll be anc^ u^e fame powers and authorities in all refpefts therein,

tranfmitted to as commiffioners for the purpofes of this aft can or may aft,

the commit- and have ana ufe, in cafes of other perfons having any income,

fioners, to be chargeable by virtue of this aft: provided always, That the faid

returned^and cornm^oners f°r hearing and determining appeals (hall tranfmit,

theafleflment or caufc t0 be tranfmitted, a certificate of the affeflment fo to

levied and be made to the commiffioners for the purpofes of this aft, in

collected, as in order that the amount thereof may be certified in the duplicates other cafes.	Qf

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo no no Georgii III. c. 13.	85

of affeffments to be made out and returned in purfuance of this a£t, and collected and levied accordingly.

LXIX. And be it further enacted. That if any commiflioner If commif-for the purpofes of this a£t fhall think himfelf aggrieved by any loners or rate or affeflment to be made by the faid commiflioners for hear- of^peaUhhik ing and determining appeals by virtue of this adl, or if any com- themfelves miflioner for hearing and determining appeals fhall think himfelf aggrieved by aggrieved by the rate or affeffment to be made by the faid com- the aifeflment miflioners for the purpofes of this a<5t, it fhall and may be law- JJ^ach^the™ ful for fuch refpecftive commiflioner, within fourteen days after refpeftively, notice of any fuch afleffment made upon him by virtue of this they may ap-a£l, to appeal to the commiflioners for hearing and determining appeals to be appointed in and for fome county, riding, {hire, or commTffioners ftewartry immediately adjoining the county, riding, fhire, or Qf appeal for ftewartry, where fuch caufe of appeal fhall arife, at the election fomeadjoining of the party preferring fuch appeal; and it fhall be lawful for the county> faid laft-mentioned commiflioners of appeal to hear and determine the matter fo referred to them, in the fame manner, in all refpedls, as if the caufe of appeal had arifen in the county, riding, fhire, or ftewartry for which they fhall be fo appointed commif-fioners of appeal as aforefaid.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in cafe Commiflion-any differences or difputes fhall arife between the faid commif- yote^on any fioners for the purpofes of this a6t, or between the commiflioners difputed point for hearing and determining appeals, refpedling the rates or in cafes of in-affeflments to be made by virtue of this a£t, in refpeci of income come,mwhich arifing from any property wherein any of the faid refpedtive ^ftedVVther" commiflioners fhall or may be concerned or interefted, or fhall direffly, or as be truftee, agent, receiver, guardian, committee, or curator, to truftees; and any perfon fo concerned or interefled, the commiflioner who fhall if there be not be fo concerned or interefted, in fuch rate or afleffment, or hefted Vo m-fhall be fuch truftee, agent, receiver, guardian, committee, miflioners, the or curator, fhall have no voice, but fhall withdraw until it queftion may fhall be determined by the reft of the commiflioners, and if be determined there (hall not be two commiflioners not interefted as aforefaid, ^QnCeVgn^Vn then the matter in difpute fhall be determined by commiflioners adjoining divi-adling in any adjoining divifion, or, where the cafe fhall require (ion, &c. the fame, in any adjoining county, riding, (hire, or ftewartry.

LXXI. And be it further enadled, That if the faid commif-fioners fhall difallow the application of any furveyor or infpeddor Cafe difaflow* to proceed upon any furcharge, or upon any reprefentation or application of certificate of any erroneous affeflment, it fhall be lawful for fuch a furveyor,&c. furveyor or infpe£tor, or any furveyor or infpedor to be appointed cdR)r*ma^UC~ in his ftead, to appeal againft the decifion of fuch commiflioners fort to^J re’ to the commiflioners of appeal, and to require the judgement of commiflioners the faid commiflioners of appeal whether there is fufficient rea- of appeal, and fon to proceed upon fuch furcharge or reprefentation ; and in cafe the faid commiflioners of appeal fhall be of opinion that there is vour/they a" fufficient reafon to proceed upon fuch furcharge or reprefentation, (ball refer back they fhall refer the matter back to the commiflioners who origi- to thecom-

e 2	nally	loners, to

86	Anno regni tricefimonono Geougii III. c. 13. [1798, '

as if they nally decided thereon, and fuch commiffioners fhall, according to ahowedfuch^ t^e direction of fuch commiffioners of appeal, proceed upon the application, application of fuch furveyor or infpeclor, in fuch manner as they would have done if they had originally decided in the fame manner as the faid commiffioners of appeal fhall have thought fit to dired.

The firftaflefT-	LXXII. And be it further enaded, That the firft afTeffment

made fircone to mac*e ^Y virtue of this ad fhall be made for one year, at year from	the refpedive rates before-mentioned, from the fifth day of April

April 5, 1799, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, until the fifth day to April 5, ofAprilone thoufand eight hundred; and every fubfequent affeff-ever Hfu^ ment ^all macle for one year, fro™ the fifth day of April yearly ; fequent year; and t^e Several fums affefled by any fuch afTeffment fhall be pay-payable by fixable in fix inftalments at the times following; videlicet, The fifth equal mftal- day Gf June, the fifth day of Augujl, the fifth day of Oftober, the ne^6^^^h	°f December,	the fifth day of February, and the fifth day

and to be^paid °f April yearly, by even and equal portions; the firft of the faid within ten inftalments to be payable on the fifth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and the payments fhall be made within ten days from the day when the iapne fhall be payable by virtue of this aft; and it fhall be lawful for the refpeftive commiffioners for the purpofes of this aft to iflue out and deliver to the collectors appointed to colleft the duties on houfes, windows, for levying the or lights, or any other the duties under the management of the fame; and all commiffioners for the affairs of taxes for the time being, their

days of each day of inftal-ment.

Warrants to be ifilled by commiflioners

arrears to be debts of record to the King.

warrants for the fpeedy collecting and levying the faid rates as? the fame fhall become payable, by fix inftalments, commencing in each year from the fifth day of Aprils yearly, according to the true intent and meaning of this aCt; and that fuch part thereof as cannot befo levied and collected, fhall be recoverable as a debt

upon record to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors.

LXXIII. And be it further enaCted, That every houfeholder and occupier as aforefaid fhall be liable to be charged to the rate hereby granted, in the parifh or place of his or her refidence, at the time of the execution of this aCt, in giving general notice as herein required, in refpeCt of the whole of his or her income chargeable by virtue of this aCt, although fuch perfon fhall have property, or fhall exercife or carry on any profeflion, office, em-Everylioufe- ployment, trade, or vocation, or fhall receive any penfion or holder, &c. ftipend, in any other parifh or place, unlefs fuch perfon fhall have ^to^he^'ate" anot^er place or places of ordinary refidence in fome other parifh on the whole or place? or parifhes or places; and fnall give notice thereof in of his income, manner herein-after mentioned; and that every afTefTment made in his place of upon any perfon as a truftee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, the tfm^o/the curator5or committee, on the behalf of any other perfon or perfons, general notice or uP°n any chamberlain, treafurer, clerk, or other officer, adfing under this a (ft. as treafurer, auditor, or receiver, for the time being, of any cor-[See f. 44-h poration, company, fraternity, or fociety as aforefaid, on the behalf Cdes^IfeVhVre	corPorat*ori,	company, fraternity, or fociety, fhall alfo be

[feeSthe next charged in the parifh or place where fuch truftee, agent, receiver,

1.] everyafieff- guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or fuch chamberlain, tfaent made on	treafurer,

Hosted by Go< [e

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c, 13.	87

treafurer, clerk, or other officer as aforefaid, fhall refide at the time a truftee, or of the commencement of the execution of this a6t in each year, of a cor°ora^ unlefs notice of his or her ordinary refrdence in fome. other parifh tion> ^\\ be or place fhall be given as herein is directed; and all perfons not chargedinthe being houfeholders or occupiers as aforefaid, nor having a cer- place where tain place of refidence, fhall be charged at the place where they ^refutes• fhall be refident at the time of the execution of this a61 as afore- all perfons not faid; and every fuch charge made in the parifh or place of fuch being houfe-refidence, at the time of the execution of this a6t as lafl afore- holders fhall faid, fhall be valid and effe&ual, notwithftanding the fubfequent J^eir place of removal of any fuch perfon from fuch parifh or place, unlefs a no-' aauaj refu tice thereof fhall be given to the afTefTors as herein-after dire6fed; dence;andthe and if any perfon who ought to be charged by virtue of this a6t affeilment fhall, at the timeofhisor her aftefTment, beoutof the realm, fuch perfon fhall be rated for the fame in fuch parifh or place where landing their he or fhe was laft ordinarily refident, or abiding within this realm, removal, un-if the fame fhall be known, or otherwife, where he or fhe fhall lefs on notice, have any property unlefs his or her agent or receiver fhall be defirous of being aiielied in any other place, and mail give notice be rated at thereof in manner herein-after mentioned.	their laft place

of refidence if known; or where their property is; unlefs on defire of their agent to be af-fefted elfewhere.

LXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That every perfon ordi- Perfons refid* narily refiding in any other parifh or place than the parifh or place of his or her refidence at the time of fervice of notice to than^vhere him or her, or to the houfeholder of the dwelling houfe where they receive fuch perfon did refide at the time of fuch fervice, or at the time notice, or re-of fuch general notice as aforefaid, and every perfon removing	foalT

from the parifh or place where he or fhe did refide at the time nJtiCe 0f of fuch fervice, being refpedtively defirous not to be charged in their removal fuch parifh or place, fhall give notice thereof to the aflbffors of to an affeflor: the faid parifh or place, or one of them; and if any perfon fhall remove from the parifh or place of his or her refidence without giving fuch notice, and with intent to evade the payment of the rates hereby granted, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the faid firfl-recited a6t; and the removal fhall not in fuch cafe affedl the affeffment to be made in the parifh or place of fuch his or her laft refidence.

removing without notice with intent to evade the duties, fhall incur the penalty of 50I. and the affelf-ment fhall re* main in force.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That every perfon having two or more dwelling houfes, and refiding in different divifions of commifiioners for the purpofes of this a6t, fhall, in each of fuch divifions, be required to deliver, in manner before diredfed, a fiatement of the y/hole fum which he or fhe is willing to contribute, or a declaration in lieu thereof, declaring in what other place he or fhe is defirous of being charged; and fuch perfon may, at the time of delivering fuch ffatement or declaration, ele6t to pay the whole of the rate in either of fuch divifions, on giving notice in writing of fuch his or her intention to the refpe6tive affeffors within the pa-rifhes or places where fuch dwelling houfes are fituate, or

c 4	may

Perfons refiding in different divifions fhall deliver a ftate-ment of their propofed contribution in each, or a declaration in what other place they are to be charged; and may eletft either to pay the whole in one divilion,

88	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III/c. 13* [1798.

or in propor- may eledt to pay the fame by payments to be made in dif-botT^vIfions" ferent divifions, in fuch proportions as the party (hall in fuch if they negledt* notices exprefs; provided that if in any fuch cafe no ftatement (hall to give a pro- be delivered, or a declaration in lieu thereof, nor any notice (hall per ftatement be given as before directed, at the time of the delivery of any * ^atement» ^en an<^	ever>7 fuch cafe, an afleffment upon the whole

b/chargecTirf °f income of fuch perfon (hall be made in each divifion where each divifion, fuch dwelling houfes are Situated; provided that any perfon who but relievable fhall be over-rated by reafon thereof (hall be relieved therefrom, makn?6 fuch^ uPon aPPea^i on proof before the refpedtive commiffioners, of the election. amount of fuch overcharge upon fuch appellant, and upon his or her making an eledtion where the rates which ought to be charged upon fuch perfon (hall be paid*

1{rafr>drf0n LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That parifh IhalTbe ^ any Per^on or perfons, having been afleffed in any parifh or again affefted place for his or her income, (hall be again afleffed in any other inanother,the parifh or place in refpedt of the fame income, in every fuch cafe commiffioners the commiffioners for the purpofe of this adt, adting for the ffialTgrantffim Par*1^1 or pLce where fuch perfon or perfons fhall eledt to pay Ids, her, or their contribution, or two of them at the lead:, fhall, on any application for that purpofe, grant a certificate of fuch affeffment, figned by them, gratis; and upon proof of fuch aflelTment before the commiffioners adting for fuch other parifh or place, either by the production of fuch certificate, or in default thereof by other evidence to their fatisfadlion, the faid laft mentioned commiffioners fhall caufe the affeffment of

a certificate thereof, and the other affefiment fh dl be vacated.

fuch perfon or perfons fo again afleffed to be amended or vacated, as the cafe may require, fo that fuch perfon or perfons (hall not be charged more than by this adt he, (he, or they ought to be charged.

Income (hall in all cafes be t ftimated according to the diredbons of this adt and the fchedule annexed, or according to the beft of the knowledge and belief of the party.

Where income is diminifhed by any fpeci-fick caufe, commiffioners may allow an abatement.

LXX VK. rfnd in order that the ejlimates of annual income chargeable by virtue of this adt may be made according to known rules\ and with as much uniformity as the refpedtive cafes will admits be it further enadted, That in all cafes the income chargeable by virtue of this adt fhall be eftimated according to the rules and directions prescribed by this adt, and the fchedule hereunto annexed, as- far as the fame refpedtively are applicable to fuch income; and in all cafes where the fame are not applicable, then according to the beft of the knowledge and belief of the perfon whofe duty it (hall be to eftimate or compute fuch income, whether fuch eftimate Shall be made by any perfon chargeable by virtue of this adt, on his or her own account, or on the account of any other, or as an officer in the execution of his duty, as prescribed by this act; but that it (hall not be lawful, in computing fuch income, to make any other or greater deductions therefrom than fuch as are exprefsly enumerated in this adt, or in the fchedule hereunto annexed, nor to make any deductions which by the fchedule or the adt are diredted not to be made.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any perfon (hall prove, to the fatisfadtion of the refpedtive commiffioners before-mentioned, that his or her income chargeable

Hosted by Google

1798.3	Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.	89

able by virtue of this aCt has been diminiffied from any fpecifickfficomearifing

caufe arifing after the time when fuch income ought to be com-

puted according to this aCt, it (hall be lawful for the faid refpeCtive &c/fliaii t>e

commiffioners to make fuch abatement as to them (hall feem juft eftimated

in refpeCt of fuch diminution of income.	either accord-

LXXIX. And be it further enaCted, That any income arifing ing t(?the,

# 7	j	o	a£tu?il produce

from any profeffion, office, penlion, ftipend, employment, trade, ]n the preced-

or vocation, (ball be eftimated either according to the actual pro- ing year, or

duce of the fame profeffion, office, penfion, ftipend, employment, on the ave-

trade, or vocation, in the year immediately preceding fuch efti- Reproduce 7	.	5	rJ.	'	ci'	1	°	of three years

mate, or by an average of the produce or the three years imme- preceding, in

diately preceding, at the option of the party to be charged in the option of

refpeCt thereof, and fubjeci to diminution within the current the party fub-

year, in the manner, provided by the faid recited aCt, every	^*5™:

r \	J.	? ri • r n/j r n i	.	J	HUt 1011 Within

fuch year ending on the thirty-hrli day of December in each year, current

or at fuch time of the year as the accounts of fuch income have year. [See

been ufually made up or completed for that year, or the fame Schedule A.

had been received.	15th cafe, j

LXXX. And be it further enabled, That where in any cafe wher.e in~

,	r	r	r	5	,	J	r • come is efo-

the income or any perfon or perfons, or any part thereof, in mated on an

whatever manner arifing, (hall be eftimated upon any average of average of

years according to the directions of this act, fuch perfon or per- years, no

fons ffiall not be entitled to any abatement or allowance in the ^a1^Tier?1t

r , r	J,	r c	• * • 1 in all be allovr-

current or any lublequent year, by reafon or any variation in the ecj t^e

amount of the income fo arifing, nor for any fpecifick caufe, other current year,

than, in fuch cafes where fuch perfon or perfons lhall ceafe to be except where

pofteffed of the property, office, penfion, or ftipend, or ffiall ceafe tobe^^

to be engaged in the profeffion, trade, or employment, from podded of

which fuch income, or part of income, ffiall have arifen.	the property,

LXXXI. And be it further enaCted, That it ffiall not be law- or to be en-

ful for any perfons engaged in any trade or manufacture, in filling

up the ftatement or fchedule of the particulars of their income, whence his

or onotherwife computing, in purfuanceof this aCt, their income income arifes.

arifing from fuch trade or manufacture, to make any deductions No deduction

therefrom on account of any fums employed, or intended to be ffiall be made

employed in improvements or as capital, or on account of intereft frorn tne

for the capital by them employed therein, unlefs for intereft, which lt”^ers °<Sx

they are bound to pay to other perfons for the fame; nor for any for fum*s

fum expended by them in the courfe of any one year (in which the employed in

eftimate of average thereof (hall be taken) for repairs of premifes improve-

occupied for the purpofe of fuch trade or maufa-Cture, or for the fup-	or	as

. r . r.r. /--i	r	1	r	capital, or as

ply, or repairs, or alterations of any implements, or untenhis, or ar- intereft of

tides employed for the purpofe offuch trade or manufacture, beyond capital, (tx-

the amount of the fum ufually expended for fuch purpofes, ac- cePt where

cording to an average of three years preceding the year to which

fuch computation ffiall relate; nor ffiall it be lawful for any per- nor for repairs,

fon engaged in trade or manufacture, and having property not implements,

employed as capital therein, to make any deduction from the &c* beyond

income arifing from the property not employed as capital, by^^^fico^

reafon of any diminution of the capital fo employed, during the preceding

period for which fuch computation ffiall be made.	years, nor

from property not employed as capital by reafon of anv diminution of capital.

LXXXII. Pro-

Hosted by

Google

90	Anno	regni	tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

Partner may LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That

be jointly anv perfons engaged in any trade or manufacture, or in any ad-eharged in	J r	J	n	.	,	7	lX.7.	..

refpcdt of their venture or concern, in partnerihip together, may be jointly

joint incomes, charged to the Paid rates and duties, in refpedl of their joint income arifing from fuch trade or manufacture, or fuch adventure or concern, under the firm or defcription of their Paid bufinefs, and that the return of any one of the Paid partners, on behalf of himfelf and the others for that purpofe, (hall be fufficient authority for the faid commifiioners to charge fuch partners jointly in refpedt of their income arifing from fuch trade or manufacture, or fuch adventure or concern, but neverthelefs wholly diftincSf from any charge which may be made upon fuch perfons, or any of them, in refpedt of any other income belonging to them, or any of them.

LXXXIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if amongfl any perfons engaged in trade or manufacture, in partnerihip together, any change fhall take place in any partnerihip, either by death or diffolution of partnerfhip, as to all or any of the partners, or by admitting any other partner therein, within the period when the computation of income ought to be made under this act, or

and the return of one partner (hall be fufficient ; fuch charge fhall be clif-tinct from that on their fepa-rate incomes.

In cafe of changes in partnerfhip, the charges on the partnerfhip, and on the part-

diminution is fhewn to the commiffion-ers.

or^o^lng i°nUt ^e^ore t’me	the	afieffment under this act, or if

fhall remain 3 any perfon fhall have fucceeded to any trade or manufacture, or the fame; un* any adventure or concern, within fuch refpective periods as caufe fo6^0^ aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the faid refpective commifiioners, cau e or anc] tjiey^ ancj a]fQ party or parties interefted, and every officer acting in the execution of this act, ihall compute and afeertain the income of fuch partnerihip, or any of fuch partners, or any perfon fucceeding to fuch trade or manufacture, or adventure or concern, according to the income derived during the refpective periods before-mentioned, notwithfianding fuch change therein or fucceffion to fuch bufinefs as aforefaid, unlefs fuch partners or partner, or fuch perfon fucceeding to fuch bufinefs as aforefaid, fhall prove, to the fatisfaction of the faid refpective commifiioners, that the income of fuch perfon or perfons hath fallen fhort, or will fall fhort, for fome fpecifick caufe to be alledged to them, fince fuch change^ or fucceffion took place, or by reafon thereof.

LXXXIV. And be it further enated, That in all cafes in which the title to any income Ihall be uncertain, either by reafon of any contingency to which the fame may be fubject, or by reafon of any difpute concerning the fame, or for any other

Where the title to

inco ne is uncertain, or in diipute, the

actual receiver caufe, then fuch income fhall be chargeable under this a<5f fepa* ratelv, according to the amount thereof, and the perfon or perfons (if any) who fhall be in the receipt of fuch income, whether on his or her own account, or on the behalf of any other perfon or perfons, fhall deliver a ftatement thereof accordingly, and fliall pay the fums chargeable in refpe<51 thereof out of fuch income; and in cafe fuch income fhall be under the controul or direction of any court of equity, or other court, in any fuit de-

nial! give a ifatement thereof, and pay the duty thereon; and courts of equity may give tiie proper directions, on application of truf-tees, as to

pending, or otherwife, fuch court (hall give the neceffary directions for afeertaining the amount of fuch income, and payment

of

1798.] Anno regnl Ticefitno nono Georgii III. c. 13.	91

of the duty chargeable thereon, upon application in a fummary property way of any truftee or truftees, or any perlon or perfons inter-^ connoul^ died therein, or any agent or receiver intruded with the receipt thereof, or of any furveyor or inlpedtor adting in the execution of this adl.

LXXXV. And be it further enadied, That all income be-Income of inlonging to any infant, or other perfon or perfons, which (hall be under the dirediion or controul of any court of equity or other ot- C0Urtsof court, in any fuit depending or otherwife, (hall be charged and equity, &c. affeffed, under the diredlionof fuch court, in all cafes in which fhall be a fief-fuch income cannot be otherwife charged and affeffed under this and the adi; and fuch court fhall give all neceffary directions for fuch thereon under purpofe, and for payment of the duties which fhall be fo charged the direction and affeffed, in the fame manner as is herein-before directed with of fuch court, refpedt to income under the controul of any court, the title whereto fhall be uncertain.

LXXXV1. And be it further enadled, That all proceedings Proceedings in any court, for the purpofe of charging any fuch income as in fuch calcs aforefaid, and obtaining payment of the duties chargeable there- kj~flteeo^ on, fhall be free of ftamp duties, and all fees and charges attend- 1 ing the fame, except for writing,

LXXXVII. And be it further enadled, That where any Revenues of bodies politick or corporate, companies, fraternities, or focieties of perfons, whether corporate or not corporate, fhall be entitled ^aye to unto any annual income to the refpedtive amounts before fpeci- charitable fied, (other than and befides any income applicable to charit- purpofes, fhall able purpofes), fuch annual income (not applicable to charit-able purpofes only) fhall be chargeable with fuch and the like jncomes# rates as any other annual income of the fame amount will, under and by virtue of this adt, be chargeable with.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it furtherenadled, That No corpora-no fuch bodies politick or corporate, companies, fraternities, or fo- chargeable cieties aforefaid, fhall be charged or chargeable, in refpedt of any refpedt of income* which, according to the rules or regulations of fuch income appli-corporations, companies, fraternities, or focieties, fhall be appli- cable t0 cable to charitable purpofes, or to the payment of any annual rtof^nor Uie" dividends or intereft to arife and become payable to any indivi- dividends on"* dual members of fuch corporations or publick companies, or to which are paid any other perfons or publick bodies, having any (hare, right, or to individual title of, in, or to any capital ftock or other property belonging f^j^dW? : to fuch corporations or publick companies, nor in refpedt of dends ihallbe which any dividends or intereft fhall, according to fuch rules and chargeable in regulations, become payable; provided that fuch perfon or per-the hands of fons, corporations, companies, fraternities, or focieties, to whom ^t]^thereto * fuch dividends or intereft fhall be payable, fhall be charged and as they are v chargeable in refpedt thereof, according to the amounts thereof, payable, ex-and the rates before fpecified, as and when the fame fhall be re- cept dividends ceived by them refpedtively, other than and except dividends and intereft the property of perfons not the fubjedts of his Majefty, rcfu^nt in and not refident in this kingdom, and that an account of the this kingdom; amount of fuch dividends and intereft be delivered to fuch in- the amount of

fpedtor wil,dl 1610

Hosted by

Google

92	Annoregni tricefimo nonb GeorgiiTH. c. 13. [1798#

delivered to fpedtor or furveyor as fhall be authorifed for that purpofe under ^c^n^the°r* t^e ^anc^s t^iree or more of the commiffioners for the affairs of fame manner taxes> upon demand thereof, by the fame perfons, and in the as ftatements fame manner, as the ftatements of the income of fuch cor-of income porations, companies, fraternities, and focieties, are required to under this abe delivered. K	4

No corporate LXXXIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enafled, That no be^charC*e?for corPorate c*ty» borough, town, or place, (hall be liable to be income^appro- charged in refpecft of fuch portion of the income belonging to priated to the fuch corporation as fhall be appropriated by any aft, ftatute, or bye law, towards defraying the expences incident to the civil government of fuch corporation, and that no body politick, corporate, or collegiate, (hall be liable to be charged in refpedf of fuch part of its income which by virtue of any private ftatutes or charter, or of any will or other inftrument of endowment belonging to or for the eftablifhment or confirmation of the conftitution of fuch body, politick, corporate, or collegiate, fhall be appropriated to the maintainance, fubfiftence, or advancement of any matters, fellows, fludents, or members thereof; provided annuall and *n evel7 ca^e where fuch exemption fhall be claimed, an the parties account thereof fhall be made up in the ufual form for each year benefited fhall during the term herein mentioned and allowed by the faid com-

expences of its government, nor collegiate bodies, &c. for income applied to the maintenance of fellows, &c. but the accounts fhall be made up

be charged.

The proper officer of corporations within a8 days of each general notice fhall deliver to the infpedtor, &c,

mittioners, and that the perfons to whofe ufe fuch income fhall be applied, fhall be chargeable in refpeft thereof, as in other cafes under this a£L

XC. And be it further ena£led, That the chamberlain, treafurer, clerk, or other officer a&ing as treafurer, auditor, or receiver for the time being, of every fuch corporation, company, fraternity, or fociety, fhall, and he is hereby required, within twenty-eight days after the publication of fuch general notice as herein mentioned, in the parifh or place wherein the office of fuch

a ftatement of chamberlain, treafurer, clerk, or other officer, fhall be fituate, to

the annual income of fuch corporation, according to the form in fchedule B. fpecifying what pjrt of fuch income is not chargeable ; fuch ftatements to be

make out and deliver to the infpe£tor or furveyor duly authorifed as aforefaid,a ftatement of the annual income of fuch corporation, company, fraternity, or fociety, according to the form fpecified in the fchedule to this a<5t annexed, marked (B.), and fhall alfo fpecify in fuch ftatement how much and what proportion of fuch annual income is not chargeable by virtue of this aeft upon fuch corporation, company, fraternity, or fociety, and for what purpofes the income, not chargeable as aforefaid, is or fhall be applicable; and fuch infpe&ors or furveyors are hereby required to tranfmit fuch ftatement to the refpe&ive clerks to the commiffioners for the purpofes of this a£f, in the manner herein dire&ed as to

tranfmittedby ftatements of houfeholders and others charged to the faid rates

the infpetftor, &c. to the commiffioners clerks. Truftees and officers of corporations a lie fled, may retain the

by virtue of this a£h

XCI. And be it further enafled, That where any perfon, being truftee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, of or for any perfon or perfons having any income which fhall be chargeable by virtue of this aeft, or any chamber-lain, treafurer, clerk, or other officer of any corporation, company, fraternity, or fociety, having any fuch income as aforefaid, fhall

be

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III, c. 13.	93

be afleffed by virtue of this a£f, to contribute any fum or fums amount of in refpedt of fuch income, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall be^ut!5s out. lawful for every fuch perfon who fhall be fo afleffed, by and out comm^to of fuch annual income as fhall come to his or her hands or hand their hands; as fuch truftee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, committee, or and (hall be curator as aforefaid, or as fuch chamberlain, treafurer, clerk, or other officer, to retain fo much and fuch part of fuch annual ^ents made income as fhall from time to time be fufficient to pay fuch affeff- under this ment; and every fuch truftee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, committee, or curator, chamberlain, treafurer, clerk, or other officer, fhall be, and they are hereby refpe&ively indemnified againft all and every perfon and perfons, corporations, companies, fraternities, or focieties whatfoever, for all payments which they fhall refpe&ivelv make out of fuch income, in purfuance and by virtue of this a61.

XCII. And be it further enabled. That if any perfon who Perfons frau* ought to be charged by virtue of this a£t fhall, by changing or avoiding the having changed his or her place of refidence, or by converting being charged or having converted his or her property, or any part thereof, under this or by fradulently releafing, affigning, or conveying, or having by change fraudulently releafed, affigned, or conveyed the fame, or any ir\fce ^ part thereof, or by making and delivering any fuch fchedule or abode, or account as aforefaid which fhall be falfe; or having any property converting yielding an income, fhall fraudulently convert, or fhall have their property, fraudulently converted the fame, or any part thereof, by altering f fa\V^rins or having altered any fecurity with relation to fuch property, or account, or by fraudulently rendering or having rendered the fame, or any changing the part thereof, temporarily unproductive of fuch income, in order Securities of that fuch perfon may not be charged for the fame, or any part and rendering* thereof, or by any falfehood, fraud, covin, art, or contrivance tjie fame whatfoever, already ufed or praClifed, or to be ufed or praCfifed, unproductive, fhall not be charged and afleffed according to the true intent and or hy any meaning of this aCt, every fuch perfon fhall, on proof thereof, Whatever CC before any two or more of the faid refpeCtive commiffioners, be praCtifed or charged and afleffed, for the purpofes of this aO, double the to be praCtifed, amount of the charge which ought to have been made on fuch fhall be perfon (if no fuch charge fhall have been made); and if any fuch charge fhall have been made which fhall be lefs than the charge which ought to have been made on fuch perfon, then fuch perfon fhall be afleffed and charged, for the purpofes of this aCt, over and above fuch former charge, double the amount of the difference between the fum with which fuch perfon fhall have been charged, and the fum with which he or (he ought to have been

charged.	.	Where an

XCIII. And be it further enaCted, That where any rate or alTefTment is affeffment fhall have been made in purfuance of any ftatement made on a or fchedule of income by any perfon or perfons, without exami-nation on oath of fuch perfon or perfons, before the faid com- examination, miflioners for the purpofes of this adf, and the faid commiflioners of the party fhall at any time, within fix months after fuch rate and affeffment on oath, the made, receive information that fuch perfon or perfons was or ^^^ncreafe8

were tjie afleflment

Hosted by Google

94

at any time within fix months, on notice to the party, who may appeal as in other cafes.

If in cafe of a tenant at rack rent it appears that the rules (in fchedule A. nth cafe) do not apply, an afleflmtnt may be made (on application of a fur-veyor, or of the tenant) on his afrual profits:

and in all

inftancGS of income from lands in Scotland let at a rack rent, the tenant’s income may be Hated and computed in that manner j and the commiffioners may call to their afiUtance the information of occupiers and ftirveyors of

Anno regni tricefimo nono Geo.rgii III. c. 13. [1798.

were not thereby fully aflefled according to the proportion of his, her, or their income, which ought to be contributed in purfuance of this a<5f, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners for the purpofes of this a<51 to charge fuch perfon or perfons fuch fum or fums of money as, together with the fum before alTefled, fhall make up the full amount of the fum which he, fhe, or they ought to have contributed in purfuance of this a<5», and the faid commiffioners (hall caufe notice to be given thereof to the perfon or perfons who fhall be fo charged, and appoint a day and time for him, her, or them, to appear and (hew caufe why an affeffment fhould not be made according to fuch charge; and in cafe the faid charge fhall (after the hearing of the party or parties, or in default of his, her, or their appearing at the day and time appointed) be eftablifhed, the faid commiffioners fhall proceed to affefs the fame upon the perfon or perfons fo charged, and dire<S the manner and proportions in which the fame (hall be raifed: provided always, That it (hall be lawful for the perfon or perfons who fhall be fo charged to appeal again ft fuch laft mentioned affelfment in the fame manner as is herein directed in other cafes where an appeal is allowed.

XCIV. And be it further enabled, That if in any inftance of lands demifed at rack rent it fhall appear to the faid refpedlive commiffioners, that either by reafon of fuch lands having been let for any term of years more then feven years prior to the year in which fuch computation fhall be made, or for any other fpecifick caufe to be alledged to and allowed by fuch com-miftioners, the rules contained in the faid fchedule for eftimating the income arifing from fuch lands are not applicable, or will not give a fair and juft eftimate of the income of fuch perfon, it fhall be lawful for fuch commiffioners, either on the application of the furveyor or infpedtor, or of fuch tenant, to caufe an afleflf-ment to be rr^ade upon fuch tenant in proportion to the adluaL gains and profits received by fuch tenant within the year, or on an average of three years preceding which fuch computation fhall be made, and at the refpedlive rates before mentioned: provided always, That in every inftance of income arifing from lands in Scotland, demifed at rack rent as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for fuch tenant, in making out his ftatement, to compute and afcertain, and the faid refpedtive commiffioners, on the application of fuch tenant, fhall compute and afcertain fuch income in proportion to the adUial gains and profits which fuch tenant of lands in Scotland fhall have acquired within the year, or on an average of three years preceding which fuch computation fhall be made; arid that when any inquiry into the income of any fuch tenant fhall be to be made, the faid refpe&ive commillioners may be at liberty to call to their aftiftance any two or more occupiers of lands in the fame, neighbourhood, or any furveyor of lands whom the laid refpective commiffioners (hall think able to give them aftiftance in eftimating, computing, and afeertaining the income of fuch tenant, and upon the refult of fuch opinion, to

require

Hosted by Google

179S/J Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.	95

require a fchedule of particulars, and to purfue fuch rules and lands; and regulations for inquiring into and afcertaining the income of ^^mercial fuch tenant, as they could or might have done upon the demand commiffioners of any furveyor or infpeftor of the faid rates and duties, or as may do with the commercial comrnifTioners to be appointed under this aft r®!£e<^ to may lawfully do on the advice and afliftance of any perfons to ^^arn^s? g be called in by them for that purpofe as herein-after men-	*	9

tioned.

XCV. And be it further enafted, That it {hall be lawful for Perfons may any perfon or perfons, at any time or times during the con- f^TbTbank tinuance of this aft, to pay, or caufe to be paid, to the governor and receive * and company of the bank of England, or to their calhier or certificates, cafiiiers, any fum or fums of money, and to require a certificate which (hall be or certificates acknowledging fqch payment; which certificates b^the^ollec-fhall be received by the feveral receivers and collectors of the tors: but no faid rates and duties as cafh, and in difeharge of fo much of the difeount fliall faid rates and duties as {hall be mentioned in fuch certificates J?e allowed on refpeftively: provided always. That no difeount or allowance whatever fliall be allowed or paid on any fum or fums of money to be paid into the bank of England, in purfuance of this aft.

XCVI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any perfon or perfons refiding in Great Britain, and engaged in any trade or ^ £ank and manufacture therein, or the governor and company of the bank other trading of England, or any other trading body politick or corporate, corporations, company, fraternity, or fociety of perfons, whether corporate H5 tC) or not corporate, in Great Britain, (hall be defirous of being comrriereTal1C alTefled by the commercial commiflioners to be appointed as commiflioners herein-after mentioned to the whole rates and duties granted [fee the next by this aft, or to fo much thereof as may arife from trade or	H^ee<V

manufacture, and {hall fignify in writing his, her, or their intention to be fo aflefled, within the time herein limited for re- the fame to turning his, her, or their ftatement, to the a He fTo r or afleffors aHeifors of the parifli or place where any afleffment upon fuch perfon or according to perfons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or focieties, \Yithmthe ought to be made according to the form marked (C.) hereunto time for annexed, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons, by him, returning her, or themfelves, or his, her, or their agent or agents, and for their ftate-fuch bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or focieties, ^ayYhen by their refpeftive chamberlains, treafurers, caftiiers or other deliver luch officers having the receipt or audit of the income of fuch bodies, ftatement to' corporations, companies, fraternities, and focieties refpeftively,the cummer-inftead of his, her, or their delivering a ftatement, as herein- mhlion^vs of before required, to the afleflbr or afleffors for the parifh or place the aiftrift where fuch affeflrnent as aforefaid ought to be made, to deliver or their fworn the fame to the faid commercial commiflioners to be appointed fP’r” for any one of the diftrifts in which fuch affelTment is hereby ^Yancb direfted to be made, or to their clerk or other officer fworn trade in under the authority of this aft, who (hall be authorifed by fuch which fu:h refpeftive commiflioners to receive the fame, and which ftate- Puties are meats (hall be refpeftively made in the forms in the faid fchedule enSaSe *

annexed

Hosted by Google

96	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798*

[Forthemode annexed as before dire&ed, but neverthelefs adding thereto, by theie^commff everyPer^on engaged in trade or commerce, the particular branch fioners and or ,oranches of trade or commerce in which fuch perfon (hall be theiraffiftants, engaged ; and the faid feveral datements being fo delivered (hall fee f. no, &c. be as effedual for the purpofe of afcertaining the fum to be ^ecl*]	affefFed on fuch perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, com-

panies, fraternities or focieties, as if the fame had been delivered to fuch affeffor or afleffors in purfuance of this a£t as aforefaid.

XCVII. And be it further enabled. That the refpedtive commercial commiffioners to be appointed as herein-after diredted dial], as foon after their refpedive appointments as conveniently may be, meet to receive, or appoint a proper perfon for receiving, all fuch datements, fealed up, as (hall be made to them by and have them or on the behalf of any perfon or perfons engaged in trade or daffed and re- manufacture, and redding within the limits of their refpeCtive proprbooks ^iftri&s, or from or on the behalf of any fuch body politick or am fix a time corporate, or company, fraternity, or fociety of perfons within within 2i days the faid limits, and (hall caufe all fuch datements from time to for conn deving time to be clafled and regidered in books to be provided for that t*1 v. and nitm,-!-V*? and (hall alfo from time to time fix a day or days, not

The commer ctal commil-fioners (hall receive iuch datements (fealed up)

may divide Puri

ing to the

provilions of this aft.

themfidves in- fooner than twenty-one days from the day of receiving any fuch to committees datement, for taking the fame into confideration, and (hall from or three, and time to time meet for that purpofe, and may divide themfelves ties^charTe'ar" *nto committees9 each committee confiding of not lefs than aMe, accord- three commiffioners at fuch their meetings, and afterwards proceed with all convenient difpatch to afeertain and determine the amount of the fums to which any perfon or perfons, corporation, company, fraternity, or fociety, delivering fuch date-merits, ought to be charged by virtue of this a<ft, obferving therein the rules, regulations, and directions of this a£t, as herein-after exprefTed.

The faid com- XCVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That on the day or days mercial com- fixed for taking any fuch datements into confideration, or on any call^in^wtTo^ to Prev^ou^y named by them for that purpofe, the faid re-the affifhnts fpe<T,ve commercial commifiioners (hall call to their affiftance any and enquire of fuch two or more perfons herein-after directed to be appointed them their for that purpofe, for the difirict of the faid commiffioners, who amount of ^ *n ^le °P*n*on	fa^ commiffioners may be, of thofe fo ap-

the income of pointed, bed able to judge of the amount of the reputed income parties deli- of the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, companies, fra-vering in fuch ternities, or focieties, whofe datements (hall be under confidera-t*on before t^ie	id	commiffioners, and (hall enquire of fuch

doling the " perfons their opinion of fuch amounts of reputed income, or fo datements to much thereof as may arife from trade or manufacture, without fuchaffidants; difclofing to them, or any or either of them, the amount con-

and if lucli tained in any datement of fuch perfon or perfons, bodies, cor-

aliiftants Rate	.	J ■ c	• •	r	•	.*	.

the income porations, companies, fraternities, or iocieties, and ir any or

higher than either of fuch perfons (hall, upon fuch enquiry, date the reputed

the parties income of fuch perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, com-

have done, panics, fraternities, or focieties, at a fum or fums higher than and two thirds r ?	1	° by

Hosted by

Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. 0,13.	97

by reference to the flatements delivered, the faid commiffioners of the com-fhall find the fums contained therein refpedtively to be, then, m'di°riers unlefs two thirds or a greater proportion of the faid commiffion- opinion that ers fhall concur in opinion that fuch difference of ftatement does fuch ftate-not furnifh fufficient ground for further enquiry, it fhall be law- meats furnifh fui for the faid commercial commiffioners, and they are hereby	to-

required, to iflue their precepts, requiring the perfon or perfons, they rnay bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or focieties, de- require fche-livering fuch flatements refpedlively, to return fchedules of their dules of the property from which fuch income may arife to the faid commif-fioners, which fchedules fhall be made in the manner and in the fhHii pVJCeed form herein-before dire£led ; and the faid commercial commif- to enquire in-fioners fhall? after iffuing fuch precepts, proceed to enquire into to their in. the income arifing from the property hated in fuch fchedule, or ma^^ifclole any other property belonging to fuch perfon or perfons, bodies, fchedules corporations, companies, fraternities, or focieties, and fhall be to the aflilt-at liberty to difclofe the particulars contained in fuch fchedule to ants, and the affiflants whom the faid commiffioners fhall have called in as ^fon^on^1* aforefaid, and fhall enquire from them, and fhall alfo examine with any other perfon or perfons relative thereto, whom they may like powers as think neceffary (upon oath or folemn affirmation, except as to commiffioners fuch affiflants), in fuch manner and form and with the like iT1 otber cafes. powers as the commiffioners for the purpofes of this act are hereby authorifed or enabled to do as before directed ; and all powers, directions, claufes, matters, and things, which are herein-before prescribed for the conduct and demeanour of the commiffioners for the purpofes of this act, except as herein-after is otherwife provided, fhall be in full force, and fhall be practifed and applied by the respective commercial commiffioners, as fully and effectually as if the fame powers, directions, claufes, matters, and things, had been fo expreffiy and particularly applied : provided always, That the refpeffitive perfons to be examined before ^^ann'i *d the faid commiffioners fhall be examined by them apart, and app^TncT that the evidence which they or any of them fhall give fhall not their’evidence be difclofed to any perfon or perfons whatever, except to fuch not to be affiflants as aforefaid, for the purpofe of enabling them to form a difclofed but judgement of the adlual income then under confideration as a 1 aforefaid.

XCIX. And be it further enabled, That after fuch inquiry After fuch made by the faid commercial commiffioners as aforefaid, or any enquiry, the three or more of them, it fhall be lawful for the faid commif- conamfffironers fioners before whom fuch inquiry fliall have been made, or the may proceed major part of them, and they are hereby required, according to to afeertain the beft of their judgement, to fettle and afeertain in what fums the ^ffieflment fuch perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, companies, frater-eaJ^lties> nities, or focieties, ought to be charged by virtue of this affix, and committee to make an affeflfnent or affeffments accordingly; and that when [fee f. 97]. and as foon as the amounts thereof fhall be ascertained, the re- [kill e.nter fpeftive commiffioners of each fuch committee fliall caufe book to be fame to be entered in a book to be by them refpedlively and pri- kept privately vately kept, as herein-after mentioned, with the name or names, by them, Vol. XLII.	H	or	with the

-	Google

name of the party to be numbered or lettered pro-grefiively :

Inch afieif-ment to be final without appeal. After fuch entry, a duplicate of a certificate lhall be delivered to the party under the hands of two commif-lioners, Hating the amount of the afiefT-ment, and its correfponding number or letter.

or defeription of the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations* companies, fraternities, or focieties to be charged therewith, fet oppofite thereto, and which entries fhall be refpectively numbered progreffively, or lettered or dilVinguiihed by numbers and letters, as the laid refpedlive commercial commiffioners (hall think proper ; and which afTeffments, fo made and entered, fhall be final and conclufive to all intents and purpoles whatever without appeal ; and that when and as foon as the faid refpedfive commif-lioners fhall have caufed to be made any fuch entry in fuch book, they fhall deliver to the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or focieties, charged by fuch afTeffments, or to fome perfon or perfons there attending on his, her, or their behalf, a certificate or certificates under the hands and feals of two or more of fuch commiffioners, fpecifying the amount of the fums to be paid upon every fuch afl’effment refpedtively, to be refpedtively marked and numbered, or lettered, with the fame number or letter as the entry or entries in the private book of the faid commiffioners, to which fuch certificate or certificates fhall refpedtively relate, fhall be marked and numbered or lettered, and which certificates fhall be cut off* indentwife from the counterparts thereof, which (hall alfo contain the like fums, and be marked and numbered or lettered in the fame manner as the

certificate or certificates to be fo delivered as aforefaid, which certificates marked and numbered or lettered as aforefaid, containing the amount of the faid afTeffments as aforefaid, without naming or deferibing the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or focieties, charged thereby, fhall, on produdfion thereof, be a/ufficient authority to the governor and company of the bank of England, and to the refpedfive receivers general and their refpe&ive deputies in England, and to the receiver general in Scotland, from time to time, to receive from any perfon or perfons bearing and producing fuch certificate or certificates, the amount of the fums therein refpedtively contained, in fuch proportions thereof as by this ac\ are made payable by inftalments, and at the times by this adl appointed for payment thereof, in difeharge and fatisfaefion of the afleflfnent made by the faid commiffioners for the laft mentioned purpofes, and entered by them under the letter or number marked on fuch certificate, and upon the payment of fuch fums contained in any fuch ,	certificate, or any proportion thereof as aforefaid, to give certi-

ficates for the fame, acknowledging the receipt of the fum paid on account of the certificate of the faid refpedfive commiffioners, by the number or letter marked thereon as before directed.

If, in the _ C. And be it further enadted, That if in the courfe of any courfe of their jnqUjry before the faid commercial commiffioners, they fhall commercial think it neceffary to afeertain the income of any perfon or commiffioners perfons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or focieties, fhall think it who (hall have delivered to them any fuch ffatement or ffate-afberUirfthe ments as aforefaid, which income, or any part thereof, (hall arife income of the from anY property in Great Britain not engaged in trade or parties, any manufa&ure, out of the limits of the city, tpwn, or place, or its

Vicinity,

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefirilo nono Georgii III. c. 13.	99

vicinity, for which they (hall adl, the commiffioners for the af-part of which

fairs of taxes flial), on a certificate or certificates thereof, tranf- ihall arifefrom

mit fuch certificates to the refpecHve commiffioners for the pur- Q^^pritain

pofes of this adt, adhng for the divifion or place, or divifions or not in trade, *

places, where fuch property, or any part thereof, is or fhall be out of the

fituate, and the faid laft mentioned commiffioners fhall, on re- lindis of the

■ceipt of fuch certificates, refpedlively enquire into the am°unt|uch^c^mmif-

of the income arifiog from fuch property within the limits of the fioners, the

divifion or place where fuch lafl: mentioned commiffioners adt, tax office

and in proceding therein it fhall be lawful for them to ufe and fhall tran fin it

apply all the powers contained in this adl, in the fame manner

as if fuch perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, companies, COmmilfion-

fraternities, or focieties, were chargeable under this adt in fuch ers to the

divifion or place; and the faid commiffioners having fatisfied commiflion-

themfelves of fuch income, fhall, without allowing any deduc-e™ °^?n7r

77	•	'	otii cr g 1 v'lii on

tion to be made therefrom, (other than the fpecial deductions to erqUirg 9

authorifed by this adt in refpedt of fuch property), tranfmit a into the certificate thereof, under the hands of any two or more of them, party's into the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, to be laid before	’

the faid commercial commiffioners, to the end, that fuch perfon plaq accoy^ or perfons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or fo- ingly do, and cieties, maybe juftly charged upon the whole of his, her, or certify the their income, and fuch certificates of the commiffioners for	offre^to

purpofes of this adt fhall be final and conclufive as to the be laid before amount of income contained therein, all jufl deductions (other the cosimer-than the fpecial deductions aforefaid) being firft made therefrom cial commit by the commercial commiffioners, in the fame manner as if fuch income had been afcertained by them in the firft inftance.	ap^s ‘the

party; fuch lafl mentioned certificate to be final and conclufive as to the amount of income contained therein.

CI. And be it further enadted, That if any perfon, whofe in- perfons whofe come fhall be under enquiry before the commercial com million- income is ers, fhall apply to them to afcertain, in manner before directed,imcler enquiry the amount of any income arifing from property not fubjeCt to ^e°cialCcom-enquiry before fuch commercial commiffioners, in order to have miffioners, any allowance made from the whole of his or her income, it may apply for fhall be lawful for them, and they are hereby required to deliver arK* obtaVt the proper certificate for that purpofe, which certificate (hall be ^^s^rtlh‘ carried into effedt in the manner before diredted ; and the faid order to have commercial commiffioners, after having received the account of an allowance fuch income, fhall, in order to make any allowances to which on their whole fuch perfon may be entitled in refpedt of the whole of his or her income* income, add the fame to the amount of income afcertained by fuch commercial commiffioners, and therefrom make fuch allowances accordingly.

CII. And-be it further enadted, That any income arifing from Income from property in any of the Briti/h plantations in America, and im- Pr°perry in ported into Great Britain from thence, may be ftated, proved,1 afcertained, and affeffied to, before and by the refpedlive com- raay be afeer-mercial commiffioners adting for the refpedlive places herein- tained by the after mentioned, videlicet, London, BriJtoly Liverpool, and Glaf- commercial

H 2

commijiion-gQVJ'i ers for Lon-

Hosted by

Googk

ioo	Anno	regnitricefimo	nono	Georgii	III.	c.	13.	[1798.

don, Rriftol, gow^ in the fame manner as if fuch income had arifen from trade Liverpool, or or manufacture carried on in fuch places refpectively; and fuch Glafgow^ income (hall be aflefled and charged by the commiflioners adting b^the corn^ f°r	places	at	or	neareft	to	which fuch property

mi fli oners of	have been firft imported into Great Britain.

either of thofe places neareft to which the property is firft imported hither.

Income received in Great Britain arifing from property of per ions in fuch plantations not imported here, may be alfo afcertained in like manner.

One committee of commercial com-mifliontrs [fee f. 97 ] may aflefs the members of another committee, with power of appeal to all fuch commiflion-ers ; but the parties inte-refted fhall have no vote.

f. 70*

Where fuch commifiion-ers are not divided into committees, each commif-fioner fliall be aflefled by the others with appeal to the commercial com-miffioners for London,

The commercial commit* fioners for London and its vicinity [fee f. iio]*

CIII. And be it further enadted, That any income received in Great Britain, and arifing from property of any perfon or per-fons in fuch plantations as a fore fa id, which fliall not have been imported into Great Britain, may be ftated, proved, afcertained, and affefled, in like manner as aforefaid, together with the income of the fame perfon or perfons arifing from fuch property which fliall have been imported as aforefaid, in cafe any fuch income arifing from property imported as aforefaid fhall be ftated to fuch commercial commiflioners, in order to be affefled and charged under this adL

CIV. And be it further enadled, That in every place where the number of commercial commiflioners to be appointed as aforefaid fhall be fufficient to divide themfelves into two or more committees as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the perfons com-poflng any one fuch committee to aflefs and charge the perfons compofing any other fuch committee until each fuch commiflioner fhall be fully affefled and charged, with power of appeal to all the faid commiflioners; and that where fuch committees fhall be formed, the faid commiflioners fliall eftablifli fuch regulations amongft themfelves for aflefling and charging each other, as may mod eftedhially fecure a fair and impartial afleflment upon every fuch commiflioner, according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, provided, that upon any fuch appeal the commiflioner interefted fliall have no voice, but fhall withdraw until the determination thereof, in the manner herein before directed with refpedt to commiflioners for the purpofes of this adL

CV. and be it further enabled, That where the faid commiflioners fhall not be fufficient to divide themfelves into committees as aforefaid, every fuch commiflioner fhall be aflefled and charged by the other commiflioner prefent, in which cafe the commiflioners interefted fhall have no voice, but fhall withdraw until the-determination thereof in manner before directed; provided that if any fuch commiflioner fliall think himfelf aggrieved by the determination of the other commiflioners as aforefaid, it fliall be lawful for him to appeal to the commercial commiflioner adfing for the city of London, who fliall hear and determine the fame, and aflefs and charge fuch appellant under the like powers, and fubjedt to the like rules, as they might have affefled and charged fuch appellant in cafe he had, refided within the city of London, and had in the firft inftance delivered to the faid commercial commiflioners his ftatement for that purpofe.

CVI. And be it further enadted, That the commercial commiflioners adling within and for the city of London and its vicinity, comprehending the diftridl herein-after defcribed, fhall, on or before the fifth day of June yearly, during, the term herein

mentioned.

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.	101

mentioned, or as foon after as can be conveniently done, tranf- ft all, yearly, mit the counterparts of all fuch certificates as fhall have been if- before June 5, fued by them to the cafhier of the governor and company of the bank of England., in order that all perfons, bodies, corpo- t^nfmiAo6 * rations, companies, fraternities, and focieties, aflfefled by the faid the bank the commiflioners, may pay, in manner before directed, their affefl- counterparts ments into the faid bank of England; and the refpedive commercial commiflioners ading within or for any city, town, or place, tjiem that the herein-after mentioned, or any other city, town or place, in parties may Great Britain, for which, and their refpedive vicinities, commif- pay their af-fioners for the faid laft mentioned purpofes (hall be appointed	^

according to the diredions of this ad, fhall, within the like commercial period, tranfmit the counterparts of all fuch certificates as fhall commifiion-have been iffued by them refpedively in England to the receiver ersfor other general of the-county, riding, or place where fuch certificates	^

have been iffued, or their refpedive deputies, and in Scotland to the receiver general there; and the cafhier of the faid bank of ft all tranfmit England, and the refpedive receivers general, or their refpedive fuch counterdeputies as aforefaid, fhall, upon the receipt of any fum of money *° t^e on account of any fuch certificate, figned and marked, and num- ceivers'gene-bered or lettered as aforefaid, enter the fame in a book to be ral; and the provided for that purpofe, with the number and figure marked bank and rein fuch certificate fet oppofite thereto, under the head of c The ce{v,?rs11genf~ Account of the Commercial Commiflioners ading for the of	and	its	Vicinity/	with fuch

commercial commiflioners as to all money received on fuch certificates.

CVII. And be it further enaded, That the faid refpedive The refpedive commercial commiflioners fhall from time to time tranfmit to commercial the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, the grofs amount of all afleffments made by them up to the day of making up fuch t-1[ne’to account; and that when and as foon as fuch affeffments fhall be time, tranf-completed in any fuch diffrid, the faid refpedive commiflioners mit to the adfing therein fhall caufe to be delivered a Tchedule or duplicate on parchment, under their hands and feals fairly written, con- the groig taining the whole fum affefled by the faid commiflioners, unto amount of the faid refpedive receivers general, and fhall tranfmit or caule their afiefi-to be tranfmitted, a like fchedule or duplicate into the King’s ^^eiduch^f remembrancer’s office of the exchequer in England and Scotland ferments are* refpedively.	completed,

fhall deliver a fchedule of the whole amount to the receivers general, and tranlmit a duplicate thereof into the exchequer.

CVTII. And be it further enaded. That all books, papers, All luch com-and writings whatever, belonging to or provided by the laid com- millioners mercial commiflioners, (hall be carefully preserved and kept in books* their cuftody, or of lome or one of them, or in fuch manner as [n^heir cuf-they {ball think confident with the fecrecy to be obferved in the tody, or as cullody thereof.	^they (hall

think moft confident with fecrecy.

CIX. And be it further enaded, That the cafhier of the Ten days be-bank of England, and the refpedive receivers general, {hall, ten tpre each 1^m days before the fecond, and fo before every fubfequent inftal-

h 3	meat,	ceivers gene-

Hosted by Google

102

Anno regni tricefimo

nono Georgii III. c.

[1798.

ral (hall tranf- ment, tranfmit to the refpe&ive commercial commiffioners as mittothere- aforefaid, a true account of all Turns paid on account of any prior inftalment or inftalments, and alfo of any Turn or Turns which may remain unpaid on account of fuch prior inftalment or inftalments, and the refpecftive numbers and letters to which Turns paid, and fuch Turns To remaining unpaid Thall refpe&ively relate; and the remaining un* fajd refpe6Hve commiffioners fhall, upon reference to their pri-vate books, by notice in writing under the hands of any two of them, to be tranfmitted to the perfon or perfons, or the chamberlain, treafurer, calhier, or other officer aforefaid, of any body, late - and fuch corPora^orb company, fraternity, or fociety, making fuch de-commiffioners	reciuire	him,	her,	or	them,	to pay the Turn To in arrear

fhall give within a rime to be fixed in Tuch notice; and if any perfon or perfons To charged, or if the chamberlain, treafurer, cafhier, or other officer aforefaid, of any body, corporation, company, fraternity, or fociety, fo charged, fhall negledl to pay the fame within the time limited in fuch notice, it fhall be lawful for the faid tain time; and refpe&ive commercial commiffioners for the laft mentioned pur-on failure of p0fes, and they are hereby required to iffiie their warrant for the hru^Uieii*ma^ levying the Turn and fums fo in arrear and unpaid, in fuch manner, and to fuch effedl and purpofe, as any other of the commiffioners before mentioned for the purpofes of this aeft

fpedtive com merc.ial com miflioners, an account of

paid, on prior m Raiments, and the numbers, &c. to which theyre-

notice to the party concerned to pay all arrears within a cer-

warrant for levying the fame.

For the city of London, and its vicinity, (including Wtftminfter, Southwark, the bills of mortality, Mary-le-

may, under this a£f, or the commiffioners appointed to carry into execution any of the faid aefts herein-before referred to, may, under the faid a£fs, levy any money due to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, of the rates and duties charged and levied under this a<ft, or the faid a£fs fo referred to, or any of them.

CX. And be it further enadted, That within and for the city of London and its vicinity, as herein-after mentioned, videlicet, The city and liberty of JVeJhninJler, the borough of Southwark, the feveral parifhes within the bills of mortality, and the pariflies of Saint Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras, and all parifhes within the counties of Middlefcx, Effex, Kent, and Surrey, any part whereof (hall be fituate within ten miles of the Royal Exchange,

bone,Pancras, there fhall be appointed twenty-four perfons, qualified as herein-

and every parilh in Middlefex, Effiex, Kent, and Surrey, any part of which is within 10 miles of the Royal Exchange), 24 eilons ihall

after is required, who fhall be commercial commiffioners within the faid diftridf, or fuch other lefs number as can be found therein fo qualified, to afcertain the income of perfons engaged in trade and manufacture refident within the faid difiricl, and of all fuch bodies politick, and corporate (except corporation foie refiding without the faid diftrieft), companies, fraternities, and focieties of perfons in Great Britain, who fhall be defirous of being afTefted under the faid commiffioners, and alfo twenty-four other perfons, in like manner qualified, or fuch lefs number e	as may be found therein fo qualified, to act in the affifiance of

in f.114) tobe t^le commercial commiffioners, and that three of the perfons fo to be appointed commiffioners, and three of the faid affiftants, fhall be named by the mayor and aldermen of London, out of twelve perfons, fix of whom fhall be aldermen, to be returned to them by the common council as aforefaid, three other commif-

iioners

E

commercial commiffioners for luch diftritft, and 24- others as

Hosted by Google

1798.] Annoregni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.	103

fioners and three other affiftants by the governors and diredtors affiants, of the bank of England, three other commiffioners and three *ommhfiori other affiftants by the directors of the faid united company ers an(j three .trading to the Eafl Indies, three other commiffioners. and three fuch affiftants, other affiftants by the governors aforefaid and directors of the to be named South Sea company, two other commiffioners and two other ^d^ld^nfen1* affiftants by each of the refpeeftive_ governors and directors of out of 12	*

the feveral infurance companies before mentioned, and two (fix being other commiffioners and two other affiftants by each of the aldermen), grand inquefts as aforefaid, having been returned to ferve for J^° the feveral counties of Middlefex, EJfex, Kent, and Surrey, as m^n councij. before mentioned.	three by the

bank, three by the Eaft India company, three by the South Sea company, two by each of the two infurance companies, and two by the grand jurors of each of the faid four counties.

CXI. And be it further enatfed, That, within and for the ham^Liver^" feveral towns and places herein-after mentioned, videlicet, poof, Leeds, Birmingham, Liverpool, Leeds, Manchejler, King’s Lynn, and Manchefter, Glafgow, and fuch cities and other towns and places in Great King’s Lynn, Britain, (regard being had to the extent of trade and manu-failure thereof), as the perfons who are refpeflively empowered other cities, to nominate commiffioners for the purpofes of this a<5t, for Sec, as the the county, riding, fhire, or ftewartry at large within which refpettive fuch place fhall be fituate, fhall think proper to name com-	d

mercial commiffioners to a£t therein for fuch purpofes, as aforefaid, t0 nominate there fhall be appointed by the faid perfons fo empowered, fo commiffion-many perfons, qualified as herein is required, to be commercial er?> fhall commiffioners within and for fuch cities, towns, and places, commercial1 * refpeeftively, and within and for fuch pari files and places in the commiffioners vicinity of fuch cities, towns, and places refpe6tively, as the and affiftants refpedtive inquefts before-mentioned (ball think proper to be fhall be included in the fame diftrids with fuch cities, towns, and places refpeeftively ; and the faid laft mentioned perfons to be appointed to a<g- for fuch as aforefaid, (hall be commiffioners to afeertain the income of towns, and perfons engaged in trade and manufacture relident within the certain dif-faid refpe<5tive diftri£ts, and of all fuch bodies politick and cor-porate, companies, and focieties of perfons in fuch ' diftrids eacfo. not |efs refpedlively, who fhall be defirous of being afielied under the than three, faid commiffioners refpectively ; and in every fuch diftrict there nor rnore than fhall alfo be appointed fo many perfons,	qualified	as herein is nTihionei^or

required to act as affiftants to the faid	refpective	commercial	diftn<a.-

commiffioners within their diftrids ; provided that the number of commiffioners to be appointed for each fuch diftriit as aforefaid, {hall not he lefs than three nor	more than	twelve, and

that the afiiftants to be alfo appointed	for each	fuch diftrict

fhall not be lefs than three nor more than twelve.

CXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That For Briftol, within and for the feveral cities, towns, and places herein-after mentioned, videlicet, Briftol, Exeter, Hull, Newe a file-up on- Tyne^ upo^Tyne, Norwich, and Edinburgh, and alfo fuch other cities, towns, and Norwich * places, in Great Britain, being reflectively counties of them- and Edin-

h 4	felves,	bur£h> and

Hosted by Google

104 Anno regnitricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

fuch other felves, for which the faid jurors for the refpedive counties at coimties*of	^arSe as aforefaid (hall think proper that commercial com-

themfelves, as niiflioners fhould be named, there (hall be appointed by the fuch inquefts refpedive perfons ading as magiftrates or juftices of the peace fhall think fit, for fuch cities, towns, and places refpedively, being counties of (with their themfelves as aforefaid, fo many perfons qualified as herein is commercial	required to be commercial commiflioners within and for fuch

commiffioners	cities, towns, and places refpedively, and within and for fuch

fliall be ap-	parilhes and places in the vicinity of fuch cities, towns, and

thea&in*^	places refpedively, as the refpedive inquefts for the counties at

magiftrates of large before-mentioned (hall think proper to be included in the the faid cities, fame diftrids with fuch cities, towns, and places refpedively; &c*	and the faid laft mentioned commiflioners, after their appoint-

ment by the refpedive magiftrates and juftices of the peace of the cities, towns, and places, being counties of themfelves as aforefaid, fhall have and exercife the like powers, and in as ample a manner as if they had been refpedively appointed by the refpedive inquefts of the counties at large.

CX1II. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That any perfon or perfons engaged in any trade or manufadure, and refiding in the county, riding, (hire, or ftewartry where any fuch commercial commiflioner fhall be appointed, (in cafe any fuch commiftioners fhall be fo appointed in fuch county or riding), ?thVuTnnoted although not refident within the diftrid of the commercial com-re fide nt with- miflioners, fhall and may be charged to the rates and duties in their dif- granted by this ad by fuch commercial commiflioners, if fuch perfon or perfons fhall prefer fuch charge, and purfue the rules and regulations herein-before prefcribed for caufing fuch charge to be made; and in cafe no fuch commercial commiftioners fhall be fo appointed in the county, riding, fhire, or ftewartry, where commiflioners fuch perfon or perfons fhall refide, then fuch perfon or perfons fn\hat^cotm^ may appJy in like manner to the commiflioners for the purpofes ty) then by " this ad, for the divifion or place where fuch perfon or perfons the other fhall refide; and the refpedive commiftioners for the purpofes of commiflioners this ad fhall in any fuch cafe require the aftiliance of any two under this ad, or more perfons whofe names fhall be inferted in the Jilt made

Any trader refiding in the county where fuch commercial com-miffioners

trid) may eled to be a fie fled by them ; or (in cafe no fuch

a fie fled by two perfons from the grand jurors' lift, who fhall then ad as commercial com mi f-fi oners.

Commercial commiflioners fhall be qualified as other commiflioners under this ad for a

out by the jurors upon the grand inqueft of the county, riding, fhire, or ftewartry where fuch divifion or place fhall be fituate, and fhall, in afcertaining the charge to be made upon fuch perfon or perfons, purfue all fuch rules, diredions, and regulations, and fhall have fuch powers as are herein-before prefcribed and given for the condudof commercial commiftioners efpecially appointed under this ad as aforefaid ; and the fum fo charged fhall be paid and accounted for in the lame manner.

CXIV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no perfon fhall be capable of ading as a commercial commiflioner under this ad, or as an afiiftant to fuch commiftioners, who fhall not be feifed or poftefted of an eftate of the like nature and value as is herein-before required for a commiflioner for the purpofes of this a6t as aforefaid, for a county at large; and if any perfon,

not

^Hos Google

I79$5♦] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.	105

not qualified as aforefaid, (hall ad in the execution of this ad as county at a commercial commiffioner, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered as any penalty without fuch may be recovered by the firft faid recited ad.	qualification,

CXV. And be it further enacted, That every perfon to be to forfeit iool. appointed a commercial commiffioner as aforefaid, before he Commercial (hall begin to ad therein, (except in adminiftering the oath herein referred to), {hall take the fame oath as is herein-before be the fame as required to be taken by a commiffioner for the purpofes of this that of other ad ; which oath fo taken (hall be fubfcribed, and the names of commiffion-the perfons taking the fame {hall be tranfmitted in the manner before direded with refped to the commiffioners for the purpofes (according* of this ad.	to f. *%).

CXVI. And be it further enaded. That every perfon to Aflffiants to be appointed an affiftant to the commercial commiffioners, {hall commiffioners before the faid commiffioners take the following oath 5 (that is ^°j|ak^nthe

trv fox/ 1	®

* T A+ B. do fwear, That in the execution of an ad, [here Oath.

JL fet forth the title of this a£f\, I will in all refpeds ad fairly, honeftly, and impartially, and without favour, afFedion, or malice, to the beft of my knowledge and belief; and that I will not difclofe any particular contained in any fchedule of income of any perfon, body politick or corporate, company, fraternity, or focietv of perfons whatever, which {hall be fhewn- to me in the execution of the faid ad, except in fuch cafes only . where it fhall be neceffary to difclofe the fame for the purpofes of the faid ad, or in order to or in the courfe of a profecution for perjury committed in any matter relating to fuch fchedule.

So help me GOD/

CXVII. And be it further enaded, That the faid refpedive Commercial commercial commifiioners fhall and may appoint and employ a commiffioners clerk, and fuch other officer or officers as may be neceffary, ^erlTwho with the confent and approbation of the commiffioners of the fhall take treafury, or any three of them, and fhall and may give and an oath of adminifter to fuch clerk, and other officer or officers refpedively, fidehty,and an oath for their faithful demeanor in all things relating to the reqifiredTby due performance of the truft repofed in them by the faid f. 35) for refpedive commercial commiffioners, and alfo the oath herein- clerks to belore required to be taken by clerks to the refpedive comm if- com million-* fioners for the purpofes of this ad, which oaths fhall be duly clerk to C fubfcribed by the parties taking the fame : and the faid refpedive receive only commercial commiffioners (hall and may from time to time, fuch fidary as at their difcretion, difinifs and difcharge fuch clerk, or other be allow, officer or officers, and appoint others in their place; and the c0mmiffion-faid clerks and other officers are hereby required faithfully to ers, with the execute and perform the faid trufts in them refpedively repofed, approbation without taking any thing for fuch fervice, other than fuch faiaries fthe trea~

Hosted by Google

io6

The treafury may direct the bank and receivers general to pay the expences of the commercial com-miflioners.

The money railed under this adt fhall be paid into the exchequer, and the account thereof kept diilindt.

Recital of the application of the duties under 38 Geo.3. c. j6. (f. 97.) and of the duties under 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. (f. 38;.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798,

or rewards as the faid refpedtive commercial commiflioners, with the confent and approbation of the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or tnore of them, fluff allow in manner herein-after directed.

CXV1II. And be it further enabled, That the commiflioners * of the treafury, or any three or more of them, for the time being, are hereby refpectively authorifed, from time to time, to direct the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England, or the refpedtive receivers general before mentioned, as may be moft convenient to advance and pay, out of the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties granted by this act, to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid refpedtive commercial commiflioners, or the major part of them acting for any diftrict as aforefaid, fhall refpectively name, fuch fums of money as fhall appear to the laid commiflioners of the treafury neceflary for the laft mentioned purpofes of this act; which fums fo to be advanced fhall be applied for the payment of allowances, and in defraying all other neceflary charges and expences in or about the execution of this act, in refpedt to the commercial commiflioners, without other account than before the lords commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury.

CX1X. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arifing by the faid rates and duties, (the neceflary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted), and alfo all monies to be received at the bank of England under this act, fhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diftindtly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid refpecfive rates and duties, or received at the bank of England, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, fhall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, upon any account whatever; and the faid monies, fo paid into the faid receipt, fhall be fubject and liable to the ufes and purpofes herein-after mentioned.

CXX. And whereas all the monies arifing from the additional rates and ajfejfmentj, or from payments at the bank of England, by virtue of the faid recited a£l of the lajl fejfion of parliament, intituled\ An act for granting to his Majefty an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war, together ivith the duties granted by another a£l of the lafl fejfion of parliament, intituledr, An act for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of cuftoms on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain fhips entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the figning the preliminary articles of peace, not exceeding in the whole the fum of feven millions, which Jhould be paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer, were, from time to time, as the fame jhould be paid into the faid re-ceipt, directed to be ijfued and applied to fuch fervices as are in the faid

firjl

Hosted by

Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.

firft recited aft mentioned: be it further enabled, That all the monies arifing from the faid rates and aflbflments by the faid recited a£ts granted, or from payments at the bank, of England, and alfo from the rates and duties hereby granted, not exceeding the faid fum of feven millions, which fhall be paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer, fhall, from time to time, as the fame fhall be paid into the faid receipt, be iffued and applied either to the fervices voted by the commons of Great Britain, in the faid laft feflion of parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight; or to the payment and difcharge of all annuities, intereft, and dividends, which have or fhall become payable in confequence of the loan of eight millions raifed by virtue of another ad pafled jn the laid laft fef-fion of parliament; and that, after ifluing or referring at the faid receipt of exchequer, out of the faid monies, fuch fums as fhall be fufficient for the purpofes aforefaid, the furplus of the faid monies, as the fame fhall arife and be paid into the faid receipt, fhall be and are hereby appropriated for the fervices which fhall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, or fhall be voted by the faid commons for the fervice of any fub-fequent year, not exceeding ten millions in any one year, and which fhall be fpecifically charged on the faid rates and duties by any ad or ads to be pafled for that purpofe; and in the next place for the payment and difcharge of ail annuities, intereft, and dividends which fhall become payable in confequence of any loan or loans, which fhall alfo be fpecifically charged on the faid rates and duties by fuch ad or ads; and laftly, for the purchafe of publick annuities to the amount of the annuities which may be created on fuch loan or loans; and the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the being, are or is hereby authorifed and required to iftue and apply the fame for the fervices of each year fuccefliveiy, to fuch amount yearly as fhall have been then voted by the commons of Great Britain^ not exceeding ten millions in any one year, and in the next place to the payment and difcharge of the annuities, intereft, and dividends which fhall become payable in confequence of fuch loan or loans, as and when the fame fhall become payable ; and that, after applving fuch part of the faid monies as fhall be fufficient for the fervices of each year fuccefliveiy as aforefaid, and for the payment and difcharge of all fuch annuities, dividends, and intereft as aforefaid, or referving the fame at the faid receipt of exchequer, the corn-mi flioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorifed and required to iftue, from time to time, the furplus of the faid monies arifing from the rates and duties by this a£t granted, during the term for which the faid rates and duties are hereby granted, to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be placed to the account of the commiflioners

107

All money raifed under thofe a£ts, and alfo under this a<5t, not exceeding feven millions, fhall be applied to to the fervices of the year 1798; or in paying the intereft of the loan of eight millions raifed hit fellion; the furplus to be appropriated to the fervices of the year 1799, or of any fubfe-quent year, fpecifically charged on the faid duties, not exceeding ten millions in any one year * next in payment of the intereft of any loans to be fpecifically charged thereon; and laftly, in the purchafe of ttock to the amount of the ftock created by fuch loans: the money to be iffued and applied accordingly.

Hosted by Google

10S Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

miffioners appointed by an aft, parted in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for applying certain fums annually to the reduftion of the national debt, who fhall apply the fame in payment for the purchafe of any publick annuities, in the manner direfted by the faid recited aft, palled in the thirty-eighth c. 16. f. 98, year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for granting an aid and 99, xoo, contribution for the profecution of the war, fo long as the fame The duties to fhall be fo applicable under and by virtue of this aft. ceafe, on the CXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon the purchafe the cmnmif^ t^ie faid commiffioners appointed for the reduftion of the na-lioners of the tional debt, out of the monies to arife as aforefaid, of publick. national debt, annuities to the amount of all annuities which maybe created of Hock to the on any loan or loans fpecifically to be charged on the faid rates and duties as aforefaid, the faid rates and duties (hall be determined in the manner direfted by the faid laft-mentioned aft, and all the powers, provifions, and rules, contained in the

amount of ttock. created by any loans to be fpecift

cally charged faid laft-mentioned aft, for iffuing and applying the monies duties asTun- ar*finS from, and for determining the rates and affeftinents der ^8 Geo. c. granted thereby, (hall feverally and refpeftively be in full force, i6.f. ioiy&c. 2nd put in praftice, for the iffuing and applying the monies Every appeal arifing from, and for determining, at the period herein-mention-decided on the ed, the rates and duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually comeander" as ^ tlle ^arne ^ad been rePeated and re-enafted in this prefent 3.8 Geo. 3. c. a^'*

16. fhall be CXXII. And be it further enafted, That every appeal on the conciufive,ex- ground of income, once heard and determined, under and by C<-vrt thC v^rtue °*	palfed in the thirty-eighth year aforefaid,

provx [under f°r granting an aid and contribution as aforefaid, fliall be final f. 71 of that and conciufive during the continuance of the rates and duties aft] that his granted by the faid aft, as is herein-before limited, except where income for the the party fhall alledge and prove, in the manner direfted by the year en mg	that his or her income, during the year ending on the

fifth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, fell fhort of the fum mentioned in his or her declaration by a fiated fum; in which cafe, and alfo where the income of any ^bme^fpeciftck Perfon has been dimini(hed from any fpecifick caufe arifing after cau'e; [fee f. the time allowed for hearing appeals in the year preceding the faid 72 of that aft]; fifth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, it fhall be lawful for the refpeftive commifiioners for hearing and determining appeals under the faid aft, to give relief to the appellant or appellants in the manner direfted by the faid aft.

CXXIIf. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any juftice of the peace re~ Tiding near the place where the offence lhall be committed, to hear and determine any offence againft this aft, which fubjefts the offender to any pecuniary penalty not exceeding twenty this aft where pounds; which faid juftice of the peace is hereby au-thorifed the penalty and

required, upon any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf, within three calendar months after the offence committed, to fummon the party accufed, giving to each parry three days notice to appear, and alfo the witnefles on either

fide,

Feb. 5, fell fhort of the fum declared, or was dimi-nifhed from

in which cafes the commif-fi oners of appeal, under that aft, may give relief. Juftices of peace may de termine offences under

does not exceed 20I.; on complaint within three months;

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.	109

fide, and to examine into the matter of fad, and upon proof made fumm-oning thereof, either by voluntary confeflion of the party accufed, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or otherwife, witndTes; and as the cafe may require, to give judgement or fentence for the may convift penalty or forfeiture as in and by this act is directed, to be divided <511 confeffion one moiety thereof to the poor of the parifh or place where the oatlfaf^* offence fhall be committed, and the other moiety thereof to one witnefs: the informer or informers, and to award and iffue out his warrant, the penalty to under his hand and feal, for the levying the faid'penalty adjudged, go half to the of the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof in cafe they fhall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to former. ^o be the party the overplus, (if any), and where the goods of filch levied by dif-offender cannot be found fufficient to anfwer the penalty, to trefs and fale, commit fuch offender to prifon, there to remain for any fpace of time not exceeding fix nor lefs than three calendar months, un-10 not lefs fuch pecuniary penalty fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied; and more than if either party fhall find himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the nor lefs judgement of any fuch juftice, then he and they fhall and may, upon giving fecurity to the amount of the value of fuch penalty pnfonment." and forfeiture, together with fuch cofts as fhall be awarded in cafe ^ppea] o-,iven fuch judgement fhall be affirmed, appeal to the juftices of the to the quarter peace at the next general quarter feffions for the county, riding, feilions who divifion, fhire, ftewartry, or place, which fhall happen after four- may award teen days next after fuch conviction fhall have been made, and ofco s* which appeal reafonable notice fhall be given, who are hereby empowered to fummon and examine witnefles upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in cafe the judgement of fuch juftice fhall be affirmed, it fhall be lawful for fuch juftices to award the perfon or perfons appealing to pay fuch cofts occafioned by fuch appeal, as to them fhall feem meet: provided neverthelefs.

That, it fhall and may be lawful, to and for the faid juftice, where Penalties may , he fhall fee caufe, to mitigate and leflen fuch penalties as he fhall be mitigated think fit, (reafonable cofts and charges of the officers and in- ove^and^ formers, as well in making the difcovery, as in profecuting the above the infame, being always allowed over and above fuch mitigation), and former’s coifs, fo as fuch mitigation doth not reduce the penalties to lefs than the moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the faid cofts and charges; any thing contained in this aCt to the contrary not-withftanding.

CXXIV. And be it further enadfed, That this a£t may be al- A£ may be tered, varied, or repealed, by any aCt or aCts to be made in this altered or re-prefent feflion of parliament,	this

SCHEDULE,

Hostect by	Dogle

no

Anno regni tricefuno nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

SCHEDULE.

(A.)

RULES for eftimating the income to arife within the current year of perfons to be affefTed under the a£t of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Msjefty.

1.	INCOME arifing fro?n lands, tenement sy and hereditaments.

General rule for afcertaining the ^ualtie of all lands.

In all cafes the annual value of lands fhall be eftimated from the aggregate amount of the rent at which the fame are let, or if not let, are worth to be let by the year, according to the ordinary rent of lands of like quality in the fame neighbourhood; together with the payments within the year for all parochial and other taxes, rates, and af-feffments, charged upon the refpedlive occupiers in re-fpe<ft of fuch lands; and alfo the value of tythes, where taken in kind, or of the fums paid in fatisfa&ion for the fame; after deducing from fuch aggregate amount the fourth part thereof.

I	ft. INCOME of owners of lands.

FIRST CASE.

Income of lands occupied by the owner.

Such income fhall be taken at the amount of one year’s rent, according to the rate at which fuch lands are worth to be let by the year according to the ordinary rent of lands of like quality in the fame neighbourhood, regard being had to the demands to which fuch lands may be liable for or in refpeft of tythes, or any fatisfadftion for the fame, or from which demands fuch lands may be free; and alfo a fum not lefs than the amount of one quarter, or more than one half, of the annual value, eftimated as aforefaid, in addition to fuch rent; and where the lands have come into the occupation of the owner within eighteen months paft, on the expiration of a leafe, or the death or failure of a tenant, then the fame (hall be valued at one year’s rent only of lands of the like quality, eftimated as aforefaid.

r	Deductions	to	be	made from the First Case.

The amount of land tax payable from the fifth day of February laft paft for one year.

The amount of fee farm rents, quit rents, rent charges, ground rents, and other rents payable by fuch owner, or other charges which the owner of the land fhall be bound by tenure to pay, or for the expence of drainage under any commiflion of fewers, eftimated for one year, as aforefaid, next preceding the delivery of the fchedulc.

Repairs

\

Hosted by Google

Ill

1798-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.

Repairs of buildings, confifting of a principal mefluage, occupied by the owner, and other buildings, occupied with a farm of lands or tythes at an average, to be fettled at the difcretion of the commiflloners under all the circumftances, not exceeding eight pounds per centum on the annual value of the farm, efti-mated as aforefaid; but if there be no principal mefluage, then at the like average, not exceeding three pounds per centum on the like annual value :

Alfo on account of expences in draining lands, fuch fum as the commiflloners (hall allow, not exceeding in any cafe three pounds'/>£/ centum on the annual value of the lands improved by fuch drainage.

And in refpecf of embankments from the fea, or any river, when the fame fhall be neceflary for the occupation of lands, or by reafon of tenure therein, fuch fum as the commiflloners, under all the circumflances, fhall allow.

SECOND CASE.

Houfes and buildings occupied by the owner.

The annual value of fuch houfes or other buildings fhall be taken according to the fair rent at which houfes of the like de-fcription are ufually let or might be let by the year, unfurnifhed, as near as may be; but where the fame are,or fhall be rated to the tax on inhabited houfes, then not to be taken at lefs than fuch rate.

Deductions.

Repairs, at the beft average, in the judgement of the coinmif-floners, and not exceeding ten pounds per centum on the annual value, eflimated as aforefaid.

Other deductions as in the firfl: cafe.

THIRD CASE.

Lands in the occupation of tenants at rack rent.

The annual value of fuch lands fhall be taken at the full amount of the rent referved.

Deductions.

As in the firfl: cafe, if payable by the owner; and alfo the amount of the tythes, or the fatisfa&ion for the fame, and rates and taxes, if payable by the owner, and alfo the adtual expences of colledfing the rents.

FOURTH CASE.

Lands demifed to tenants in confederation of a fine paid and rent re-

ferved.

The annual value of fuch lands fhall be taken at the amount of the rent for one year, and of fuch further fum in refpedt of the fines from the faid lands, as will amount to a fum equal to the receipts of one year, on fuch average as fhall be fettled or confirmed by the refpedfive commiflloners before whom the queftion fhall be depending.

DEDUCTIONS.

Hosted by Google

I 12

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

Deductions.

As in the firft cafe, if payable by the owner.

FIFTH CASE.

Lands demifed to tenants in confederation of a fine without rent re~ ferved, or a nominal rent only.

A fair average of the fines, as under the fourth cafe.

Deductions.

As under the firft cafe if payable by the owner.

SIXTH CASE.

Houfes demifed to tenants at rack rent.

The annual value of fuch houfes fhall be taken at the full amount of the rent referved for one year.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the fecond cafe.

Other deductions, as under the firft cafe, as far as the fame are applicable, if payable by the owner.

SEVENTH CASE.

Houfes demifed to tenants in confederation of rent referved and fine.

As under the fourth cafe, mutatis mutandis.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the fecond cafe,.

Other deductions, as under the firft cafe, as far as the fame are applicable, if payable by the owner.

EIGHTH CASE.

Houfes demifed to tenants in confederation of a fine, without rent or a nominal rent only.

As under the fifth cafe, mutatis mutandis.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the fecond cafe.

Other deductions, as under the firft cafe, as far as the fame are applicable, if payable by the owner.

NINTH CASE.

Tythes in refpefl of owners.

To be eftimated on a fair average for three years preceding, of the aftual value, if taken in kind, regard, in fuch cafe, being had to the expence incurred in collecting the fame, or, if compounded for, of the compofitions received for the fame.

Deductions.

As under the firft cafe, as far as the fame are applicable, if payable by the owner; and alfo all payments made on account of parochial and other rates, taxes, and aftefiments, in refpeft of fuch tythes which fhall be payable by the owner.

TENTH

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgix HI. c. 13*	113

TENTH CASE.

Profits of manors, or of timber or woods, ufually cut,periodically, and in certain proportionsmines, and other profits of uncertain annual amount.

Value on fuch average as {hall be fettled by the refpedlive commiffioners before whom the queftion fhall be depending, except in the cafe of mines, where the average (hall be taken on a term not exceeding five years.

Deductions.

As under the firft cafe, as far as the fame are applicable, if payable by the owner.

2d. INCOME of tenants of lands, tenements, and hereditaments.

ELEVENTH CASE.

Lands for hereditaments occupied by tenants at rack rents.

If the annual value of fuch lands or hereditaments, eftimated as herein-before diredted in the general rule for eftimating the annual value of all land, be under three hundred pounds, then the income (hall be taken at not lefs than one half, or more than two thirds of fuch value; and if at three hundred pounds or upwards, then at not lefs than three fifths or more than three fourths of fuch value.

Deductions.

Such and no other dedudtions as are herein-aftercomprifed under the head of General Deductions, if payable by the tenant.

TWELFTH CASE.

Mines, tythes, woods, and other hereditaments of uncertain amount, when occupied by tenants, to be charged as the fame would be charged in the hands of the owner, deducing alfo the reut payable for the fame.

THIRTEENTH CASE.

Lands or tenements demifed in confideration of fines, whether zvith or without a rent rcferved.

The value of fuch lands or tenements (hall be eftimated at the value at which the fame would be eftimated in the cafe of an owner occupying the fame, deducing therefrom a fum equal to the annual value of payments refer ved to the owner, as diredfed to be eftimated in the fourth cafe.

Deductions as in the eleventh cafe.

3d. INCOME of mefne leffors, under demifes, in confideration of

fines?, whether zvith or without a rent referved, and of lands or tenements demifed upon improveable leafes.

FOURTEENTH CASE.

In every fuch cafe, every mefne leffor or leffors (hall be charged as owner, deducting therefrom fuch rent and average of

Vol. XLII,	I	fines

Hosted by Google

Annoregni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798*

fines (if any) as fhall be paid thereout to his or her immediate leflbr.

II.	INCOME arifing from perfonal property and fro?n trades, pro-fejjlons, offices^ penficns, flipench, employments,	vocations.

FIFTEENTH CASE.

I ft. INCOME from any trade, profeffiion, office, penfion, flip end, employment, #r vocation.

The annual value to be taken for the firft year of being charged, either at not lefs than the full amount of the profits or gains of fuch trade, profeffion, office, penfion, ftipend, employment, or vocation, within the preceding year, or at the election of the perfon charged, at a fum not lefs than the fair and juft average for one year of the amount of the profits or gains of fuch trade, profeffion, office, penfion, ftipend, employment, or vocation, in the three years preceding, and in all fucceeding years, the annual value to be reckoned according to the fame mode which the faid perfon (hall have chofen to take in the firft year.

Deductions.

No other deductions to be made from fuch annual value, than fuch as are herein-after comprized under the head of General Deductions; except two thirds of the rent paid by the tenants of houfes, part whereof is occupied and ufed by fuch tenants as an open fhop for retail trade only; or by innkeepers and other perfons licenfed to fell wine, ale, or other liquors, by retail; or by perfons keeping any fchool, academy, or feminary for learning, and ufually having their fcholars to board and lodge (to a number not lefs than ten) in their refpe&ive dwelling houfes; and alfo, except any rate charged in refpedt thereof bp virtue of any a6l for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax; or on offices, penfions, ftipends, or perfonal eftates, by any act for the fervices of the year for which the computation fhalY be made; or upon penfions, or falaries, fees, and wages, in re-fpedt of offices of profit, by an a£t, pafled in the feventh year of the reign of King George the Firft; or upon penfions, gratuities, offices, or employments of profit, by an a6t, paffed in the,thirty* firft year of his late majefty King George the Second.

SIXTEENTH CASE.

2d. INCOME from annuities, interefl of money, rent charge, or other payments of the like nature.

The annual value with refpedt to income derived from property poflefted by the fame perfon during the whole of the preceding year, to be taken at not lefs than the whole income which became payable in refpedl thereof, within the year preceding, ending on the fifth day of February in each year, or on fuch other day of the year as the annual payments have been

ufually

Hosted by Google

ufually completed; and with refpedf to income arifing from property not poflefled by the fame perfon during the whole of the preceding year, at not lefs than the whole income (as far as the fame can be computed) which will become payable in the fucceeding year.	^

General Deductions to be allowed ; and alfo any tax or charge in refpecSl: of the fame, impofed by any a£t or ads.

III.	INCOME arifing out of Great Britain. SEVENTEENTH CASE.

1 ft. From foreign pojfejfions.

The full amount of the adual annual net income received in Great Britain, either eftimating fuch receipt in the fir ft year of being charged, at the election of the perfon charged, according to the year ending the fifth day of February immediately preceding fuch eftimate, or according to the average of the three years preceding fuch fifth day of February, or on fuch day in each year on which the account, of fuch income has been ^ufually made up; and in all fucceeding years, the annual receipt to be reckoned in the fame mode which the perfon charged (hall have chofen to take in the firft year.

General Deductions to be allowed.

EIGHTEENTH CASE.

2d. MONET arifing from foreign fscarifies.

The annual income of fuch fecurities, if the fame were ex-ifting in the preceding year, to be eftimated according to the produce of fuch year, and if the fame were not then exifting, to be computed upon the expedfted produce of the current year.

General Deductions to be allowed.

IV.	INCOME not falling under any of the foregoing rules.

Such income to be eftimated to the the beft of the knowledge and belief of the perfon entitled thereto; and fuch eftimate to he delivered to the commifiioners, together with a ftatement of the nature of fuch income, and the grounds on which the amount thereof fhall have been fo eftimated.

General Deductions to be allowed.

GENERAL DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

I. The amount of annual intereft payable for debts owing by the party, or charged upon the property of the party, from which any income {hall a'rife.

I 2

Hosted?* (El!*0<

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

2.	The amount of allowances to any child or children, or other relations, fuch child or children, or other relation or relations not making a part of the family of the party, and of whofe names and places of refidence the affeffors and furveyors fhall have had notice.

3.	A defied taxes under the two a£ts of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for repealing the duties on houfes, windows, and lights, on inhabited houfes, and on clocks and watches; and for granting to his Majefly other duties on houfes, windows, and, lights, and on inhabited houfes, in lieu thereof; and for repealing the duties upon male fervants, carriages, horfes, mules, and dogs, and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof.

4.	The amount of any annuity payable by the party, either as a debt or charge upon his or her income, (excepting any payment to the wife of any party living with fuch party, for which fhe, or any truftees or truftees on her behalf, fhall not be duly charged under this add).

5.	Perfons who have made or fhall make infurance on their refpedlive lives, or on the lives of their refpedlive wives, fhall be at liberty, in addition to any other dedudtions, to dedudi the amount of the premium of fuch infurance for the current year.

6.	Perfons entitled to any income during and depending upon the life or lives of any other perfon or perfons who have made, or fhall make, infurance on the life or lives of fuch other perfon or perfons, fhall be at liberty, in addition to any other deductions, (except the dedu&ion herein-after mentioned), to dedudb the amount of the premiums of fuch laft mentioned infurance for the current year ; provided that if, after the death of fuch other perfon or perfons on whofe life or lives fuch infurance fhall have been made, the income, or any part thereof from which fuch premiums have been deduced, fhall be continued, or the eftate from whence the fame arofe renewed, or fhall have been ufually continued,or the eftate from whence the fame arofe fhall have been ufually renewed by the payment of a fine or fines, then and in fuch cafe no deduction fhall be allowed on account of fuch fine or fines which fhall have been paid, or would become payable, on any fuch renewal.

PARTICULAR DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

1.	The amount of the tenths paid by any ecclefiaftical perfon within the year preceding that in which the computation fhall be made.

2.	Procurations and fynodals paid by ecclefiaftical perfons, on an average of feven years preceding that in which the computation fhall be made.

3.	Repairs of chancels of churches by any re<5tor, vicar, or other perfon bound to repair the fame, on an average of twenty-one years preceding as aforefaid.

STATEMENTS

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.

STATEMENTS of INCOM

In the cafes of all perfons refident in Great Britain, and perfons generally refident out of Great Britain, having income under two hundred pounds:

I A. B. do declare, That my income [or, in the cafe of a trufee, agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, that the income of C. D. or, of the corporation, company, fraternity, or fociety of	as	the cafe may he, for whom I am a truftee,

agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee] eftimated according to the diredions and rules of an ad, palled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft [herefet forth the title of the aft] doth not exceed the fum of	[in	all	cafes	where	the income exceeds fixty pounds,

and does not amount to tivo hundred pounds, add afo] and that 1 am willing to pay the fum of	for	my	contribution [or in

the cafe of a trufee, agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, I do propofe on behalf of the faid C. D. that the fum of	(hould be paid for his, [her, or their] contribution]

for one year, from the fifth day of April	to	the fifth day

of April	the	fame being not lefs than one

part of my [or, his, her, or their] income, eftimated as aforefaid, to be paid according to the directions of the faid ad. Dated the

Signed

WE whofe names are underwritten do teftify that thefignature of	*	is of his proper hand writing, and that

the fame was figned in our prefence.

INCOME of TWO HUNDRED POUNDS, or upwards:

I A. B. do declare, That I am willing to pay the fum of

for my contribution, [or, in the cafe of a trufee, agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or in the cafe of any corporation, company, fraternity, or fociety of perfons, I A. B. do propofe on the behalf of G. D. or of the corporation, company, fraternity, or fociety of	[as	the	cafe	may	he] for whom I am

truftee, agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, that the fum of	fhould	be	paid	for his, [her or their]

contribution] for one year, from the fifth day of April until the fifth day of April	in	purfuance of an ad,

intituled, An aft, he*	And	I	do declare, That the

faid fum of.	is	not	lefs	than	one	tenth part of my [or,

his, her, or' their] income, eftimated according to the directions

I 3	and

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

and rules prefcribed by the faid a&, to the beft of my knowledge and belief. Dated

Signed

WE whofe names are underwritten do teftify that the fignature of	is	of his proper hand writing, and that the

lame was figned in our prefence.

(C).

NOTICE to be given to the affeffors by any perfon engaged in trade or manufacture, or by any body, corporation, company, fraternity, or fociety.	v

TAKE notice, That I, [or we, if partners, or if not on his ozun account, on the behalf of	]	am \_or are] engaged in

trade or manufacture, viz. * \herefet forth the branch or branches of trade or manufacture^ and the, place or places where the fame is carried on] and mean to be charged to the rates and duties granted by an a£t of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, under the powers and provifions veiled in and given to the commercial commilTioners for the

of	in	the	county	of - v

SCHEDULE

Hosted by Google

. (D)

SCHEDULE of INCOME of

IN®

*3-

DESCRIPTION of PROPERTY'from which INCOME anfesy

on an average f

deration of a fine paid and rent ^ of years I

referved —	—	f	aronnnt	nf	rt-rif	J

Lands occupied by me as owner -Houles and buildings occupied by me as owner Lands in occupation of tenants at rack rent

1 amount of fines f. s. d. Lands demifed to tenants in confi- j

^amount of rent

Lands demifed to tenants in confi deration of a ( aniount^| ) line, without any rent referved, or nominal J receiv^ > P- y rent only -	-	-	)	on an average f

3	v	of years j

Houfes demifed to tenants at rack rent

Houfes demifed to tenants in conlideration of rent referved and fine Houfes demifed to tenants in conlideration of a fine without rent, or a nominal rent, only Tythes received in kind, or compo-fition referved for the fame -

C amount of average re-( ceipt for three years

d.

yearr

Profits (

^manors - average receipt for I timber	-	do -	do

r J woods -	do	-	do

0 A mines - do-not exceeding five years / other profits of uncertain amount -do for	years

Lands or hereditaments demifed to me, as tenant at rack rent / manors	-	-

timber - -' woods	-

' other heredita-

d.

Profits of < ments of

uncer-‘ \ t2in amount -

Annual Fahle.

£•

demifed to me, average the fame as the 10th cafe, dedueling the rent A	payable.

' v	(taking in	as in the 9th *)

\tythes < kind com- >cafe, dednd- ^

[ pounded for 3 ing the rent )

Lands or tenements demifed to mein conlideration of a fine, whether with or without a rent referved ; annual value

£• *•

, Lands ortenements demifed to me in confederation 'i % of fine, with or without a rent, and underlet to >

< a tenant -	-	-.	3

/Lands demifed to me at rent, and underlet to a v tenant at an improved rent	-

From profelfion, offices, penlions, fiipends, employment, trade or vocation	-	-

From annuities, interell of money, rent charge, and other pay-^j ments and allowances applied to my ufe, including income of I the wife, if any, for which ffie or her truftee or trustees fh all net > - be charged by virtue of this ad, living with hulband, though I feparately fecured	-	-	-	-	J

From foreign pofleffions	-

From money ariling from foreign fecurities	-	-	^

From any income not falling under any of the above heads, or ] within the rules preferibed by the ad	-	~	t

Nature of the income, and grounds on which )	-	-	|

the amount thereof is eftimated	j	J

Total amount of property	-	£-

Dedudions from above	-	-

Income chargeable	-	£*

I 4

Hosted by

Google

PO

A. B. [Defer\ptiori\ of the Divifion of

DEDUCTIONS.

Land tax payable on the feveral proporties mentioned } under Nos	on	the	other	lide,	from	the	(

£• *• d.

to the

day of

years on the other fide do do do do

day of laft paft Fines paid upon an avei'age of Fee farm rents payable out of Nos Quit rents, payable out of Nos Kent charges, payable out of N03 Ground rent, payable out of N°*

Other rents, payable out of N03 Tenths

Procurations, fynodals, payable (by ecclefiaftical per-fons) out of Nos upon an average of feven years

Of farm, with principal mefluage, under Nos Of farm buildings, without principal mefluage, under Nos	-	-

Of draining lands, under Nos Rena* • -I Of embankments, under Nos

" 11 Si Of houfes and buildings not occupied with a farm, under NJ3 Of chancels of churches by reCtors, vicars and others bound to repair the fame, upon an average of 21 years



txC_2

s.	d.

Tythes^

' Expences in collecting the fame, upon an average of three years	-	-

Value thereof paid in kind, upon do average Value of compofition for the fame, upon do ave-. rage	-

£•

d.

£• d*

Annual intereft payable for debts, | charged on N»~

Allowances to children, or other relations viz. [ Aflefled taxes under a6ts 38 Geo. III. c. 40, Se 41. Annuities	-	-	-

Land tax on perfonal eftates, offices, penfions, See. Premiums of infurance on life

Total amount of deductions

£.	,	d.

i}

Memorandum :—The local ftuation of the feveral properties in the oppofte column ?nujl here be deferibed under their refpcBive numbers; and ij in Great Britain, the feveral petrifies and counties in fwhich they are Jituate> together with the feveral places of ref dene e oj the party.

Witncfs my hand, this

day of

DECLA-

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefitno nono Georgii III. c. 13. .

(E.)

DECLARATION of the Number of CHILDREN.

I A. B. do declare, That I have the under-mentioned child (or children) born in lawful Wedlock, and maintained by me at my expence; (videlicet) C. D. of the age of	E.	F\	of the

age of	and	G.	H. of the age of	in refpeCf of whom

I claim an abatement in purfuance of the faid a£f, and am ready to verify this my declaration as the adt requires.

(F-)

PRECEPT of the COMMISSIONERS.

WE being of the commiffioners appointed to carry into execution the general purpofes of an a<5l, palled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An adi, [here fet forth the title of the att\ for the	of	do	hereby

require you to return, or cauie to be returned, within the fpace of ten days after the date of this our precept, at our office, fituate at	between	the hour of	in	the forenoon and

the hour of	in	the	afternoon, unto us, or fuch of the com-

miffioners appointed for the purpofes aforefaid, for the faid of	who	(hall	be	there prefent at the time of making

your return, a fchedule of particulars of property from which your income, chargeable under the faid a£f, ought to be eftimat-ed, with the amount of deductions to be made therefrom, under the heads contained in, and according to the forms hereunto annexed, or fuch of them as the cafe (hall require. Thereof fail not.

Given under our hands, this day of

I N D E X.

121'

Hosted by Google

9

INDEX.

^ BATE MEN

TS on account of children.

Form of declaration for obtaining fame, fchedule E.

Ad, 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. as impofing former duties, repealed, f. 1.—Except in ccr-- tain cafes, f. 8, 9.

Ads refpeding prefent duties extended to duties under this a <51. f. 36. -

Affidavit. See oath, perjury.

Agents, confiaeniiat, their evidence to be on oath. f. 59.

N o t c o in pell a bl e to an fiver q u e ft i o ns. f. 5 9.

(See trujiees\ voitnejfes.)

Aldermen to be included in nomination of

commiffioners by common council of London, f. 17. no.

Appeals, days for hearing to be appointed, f. 16.

Not to retard colledtion of rates, f. 60.— except in certain cafes, f* 66.

By perfons aggrieved by furveyors againft alleffments, howto be heard and determined. f. 64- and fee f. 71.

By commiffioners and commiffioners of appeal againft each other, f. 68, 69.

On the ground of income under 38 Geo.

3.	c. 16 f. 122.

To commercial commiffioners of London, in certain cafes, f. 105.

(See commiffioners of appeal.)

Application of monies raifed under this a<5L ft 119, 120, 121.

Arrears of ajfejfments to be debts of record to the King. f. 72. and fee f. 109.

Ajfejfments, how to be made. See commiffi Jioners and commercial commiffioners.

Surcharge of. See furveyors.

Increafe of. See commiffioners.

To be paid by fix inftalments, yearly, f. 72.

To be made where the party refides. f. 735 but fee f. 102, 103. and title, non residents.

Affiejfors, how to be fummoned to receive their inftrudtions. f. 37. 49.

To give notice to houleholders, See. to deliver lifts of perfons chargeable, ft 38 j and to lodgers, f. 39.

To return names of defaulters, f. 38, 39.

To affix general notices on church doors, f. 44.

To tranfmit returns to commiffioner’s clerks, f. 45.

To make oath of the truth thereof, ft 46.

How to be paid for their trouble, f. 47.

Bank, commiffioners to be named by. f. 17, 18. 110.

Money may be paid into. f. 95.

Certificates of commercial commiffioners to. f. 106.

To tranfmit to commercial commiffioners amount of each inftalment paid by merchants, See. f. 109.

Banker, not taxable As a receiver, f. 43.

Cafe may be demanded by a furveyor. f. 65.

Certificates of commiffioners.	See commiffi

Jioners.

Charities, exempted from the duties, f. 5. 88.

Children. See abatement.

.Clerksof affize, to return grand jury pannels. f. 14.

Clerks to commiffioners. See commiffioners oath. AJfeffiors.

Collectors, to- give notice of affeiTments to parties charged, f. 63.

Colleges, income of applied to fellows, See. how taxable, f. 89.

Commiffioners under former ads ; their firft meeting under this a<5t. f. 11. to fnm-mon aifelfors, and blue initrudlions to them. f. 37. and fee. f. 49.

Commiffioners for executing this act; how to be nominated;—In counties by grand jurors, f. 11.—in Lincolnlliire. f. 15.— in London, f. 17.—in the Tower divi-fion. f. 20.—-in cities, being counties, f. 24.--------on defe<5t of grand jurors, f. 29.

Their qualification, f. 23. 26. See qualification.

Their fucceffion. f. 21.

Their oath. f. 22.

How to be affiefted themfclves. f. 68, 69.

Shall not vote where interfiled, f. 70.

May examine perfons on oath. f. 21.

Shall make abftra<5ts of affeffiors’ returns, r. 50.

Shall iflue precepts to parties to return fchedules. f. 52. in form of fchedule F.

May difallow i'uveyor’s application to furcharge, &c. f. 53. Subje£l to appeal. f. 71.

May enlarge the time for delivering ftate-ments and fchedules. f. 56.

Shall make affieftments, fummoning the party and witneffes. ft 57.

Or on non-appearance, &c. of the party.

f-5*.	.	.	r

May increafe affieffiment in certain cafes, f. 94.

In Scotland, may employ affiftants in certain cafes, f. 94.

Commiffioners of appeal. (See appeal.)

Howto be appointed, ft 16: in London, f. 18.

Their fucceffion. f. 21.

How to be affeffed. f. 68, 69.

Two or more fets may be appointed, f 30.

To determine on furcharges by furveyors. f. 60. and on appeals againft affieftments. f. 64-

In what cafes prohibited from giving relief. f. 64.

May poftpone appeals in certain cafes, f.

66.

Commercial commiffioners, how to be appointed : for London and its vicinity, i. 110.—for Birmingham, Liverpool,

and

Hosted by Google

INDEX.

and other places, f. in; for'BriJloU Exeter, &c. and other cities, being counties, f. 112; and their alii ft ants ; and fee as to the latter in the Tower divifion. f. 20.

Their qualification, f. 114.

Traders, and trading corporations, may be affefled byfuch commiffioners. f. 96; on giving notice in form of fcliodule (C.) and fee f. 113.

Such commiffioners fhall receive ftate-ments fealed up, and clafs the fame, and confider them in committees, f. 97.

May eonfult affiftants, call for fchedules, examine witneffcs, See. f. 98.

To make affeffments, and clafs, number, and certify them. f. 99.

How they may afeertain the whole of a party’s income, f. 100, 101. .

How to affefs each other, f. 104, 105.

To tranfmit certificates of affeffmentj to the bank and receivers general, f. 1065 and fchedules of amount to the tax office, f. 107.

How to levy arrears, f. 109.

Their books to be kept private, f. 108.

May employ a clerk, and allow him a falary. f. 117.

Expences refpe<5ting them, howto be paid, ft 118.

Corporations, how to be taxed, f. 2. 77. 90.

Where affefiments fhall be made, f, 73.

For what income not taxable, f. 88, S9.

Duties to be paid and retained by their officers, f. 91.

Their accounts may be infpe&ed by fur-veyors. f. 62.

Corporate officers (annual prefiaing) exempted. f. 6.

Courts of equity to provide for duties on incomes under their controul. f. 84, 85.

Curates. See reBors.

DeduBions (general) from income. See fchedule A.; and fee alio, titles, abatement, houfes, income.

Determination of duties under this a£t. f. 121.

Diminution of annual income. See income.

Dfcount not allowed on money paid into the bank. f. 95.

Eafl India company, commiffioners to be appointed by. f 17, 18 no.

E'uajion of duties, provifions againft. f. 92.

Examinations of parties, and their agents, not compulfory. f. 59.

Foreigners, amount of their income paid by corporations, to be returned to fur-veyors. f. 88.

Foreign property, income arifing from, how to be taxed, f. 2. 102, 103. (See non-refidents, and fchedule A. Ilf.)

Frauds againjt this atl. See EvaJEn.

Friendly focieties, exempted, f. 4.

Grand jurors to nominate commiffioners. f. 11. 13, 14. no.

Houfes, incomes arifing from, how to be ef-

timated. Schedule A. T. 2d. 6th. 7th. 8th. nth. and 13th. cafes.

Rents of, what part may, in certain cafes, be deducted from income; fchedule A. II. 15 th. cafe.

Income, duties on. f. 2*

Howto be eftimated. f. 87 ; (and fee fchedule. A. I. for lands; II. perfon.al property, proteffions, &c; III. foreign property; IV. fundries; and alfo fchedule D.)

Diminution of, relief for. f. 78. 80. 122.

From profeffions, See. f. 79; and fchedule A. II.

Of traders, deductions from. f. 81; and fchedule A. II.

The title to which is uncertain, how taxable, 84.

Of infants under controul of courts of equity, f. 85.

In various places, to be afeertained by commiffioners' certificates, f. 100, 101.

From property in the Britifh plantations, f. 102, 103.	/

Infants, income of, fee f. 2. 85; and titles, income, tnifecs.

InfpeBors. See furwyors.

Infurance companies, commiffioners to be appointed by. f. 17, 18. no.

JuJUces of peace, how to determine offences* f. 123.

Lands, income arifing from, how to be estimated ; fchedule A. I. cafe 1. 3, 4* 5. 11. 13, 14.

Leffors (mefne)i their income how to be eftimated; fchedule A. I. cale 14.

Lincolnjhire, commiffioners for. fee f. 15.

Lifts, to be delivered by houfeholders, &c. f. 38. See ftatement.

London. See commiffioners, commiffioners of appeal, and commercial commiffioners.

Its vicinity, for the purpofes of appointing commercial commiffioners. f. no.

Manors, income from, how to be eftimated, fchedule A. I. cafe 10.

Married women, their income, how to be afeertained. f. 38. 41.

Middlefex, what grand jurors to be fum-moned in. f. 19.

Mines, income from,fee fchedule A. I. cafe 10. 12.

Non-refidents^ in Great Britain, howtaxable. f. 8, 9, 10. 38, 39. 73. 88.

Notices. See appeals, effeffors, collectors, penalties, removal, refidents.

Oath, of commiffioners. f. 22. .and com' mercial commiffioners. f. 115.

Of parties examined before commil-

■ fioners. f. 31. 58, 59. 64.

Of furveyors and infpeitors. f. 34.

Of clerk to commiffioners. f. 35. and to commercial commiffioners. i. 117.

Of affiftants to commercial commiffioners. f. 116. (See perjury.)

Occafional refidents'in Great Britain, how to be taxed. 1. 8, 9,

Occa

INDEX.

Qccafioncd abfentees. f. io;

Partners, how to be charged, f. 82, 83.

Penalties, on commiffioners adting without-taking the oath. f. 22; or without qualification., f. 27 ; commercial commiffioners. f. 114.

On perfons defacing general notices, f.44.

On affdYors for negledV of duty. f. 47.

On houfeholders, See. for not delivering lifts, &c. f. 67.

Proceedings for, when they may be ftaid. r. 54.56.

In wnat caies not to attach on truftees. f- 55'

On perfons removing to evade duties, f. 74. andi fee f. 75.

On other fraudulent evaftons. f. 92.

Of 20I. or under, to be recovered before, and mitigated by juftices. f. 123.

Perjury, penalties of, on perfons fwearing falfely. f/32, 33.

Perfonal property, profeffions, &c. Income arifing from, howto be eftimated, fche-dule A. II. and fee income.

Poor, lifts need not be returned by. f. 40. and fee charities.

Qualifications of commiffioners: forcounties at large, f. 23. (and for commercial commiffioners f. 114); in cities, being counties, f. 24; in inns of court, f. 24-Where to be fituate. f. 25.

In land and pevfonalty, how to be valued, f. 26.

Of commiffioners of appeal, f. 23.

Qualified perfons, may have their names in-ferted in grand jurors7 lifts, f. 13.

Qualified commiffioners y defedt of, how to be iupplied. f. 28.

Receivers. See truftees.

Reflorsy not chargeable for curates7 falaries. ft 7.

Removal of parties, notice of. ft 74.

Repayments, to parties overcharged, f. 61.

Rejidents, in various parifhes, &c. how to give notice, f. 74.

To deliver ftatements in each place, or a declaration, f. 75.

How to be relieved on double afTeffinent. f. 76.

Schedules. See ftatements.

Sheriff's, how to fummon grand jurors, ft 11. 14.

South fea company, commiffioners to be ap” pointed by. f. 17, 18. no.

Stamp duties, certain proceedings free from, ft 86.

Statements, Gfc. to be delivered by houfeholders on notice from affieffiors. f. 38. (or fchedule), on precept from commiffioners. f. 52.; or commercial commiffioners. f. 98.

Maybe corredted. f. 54. 57.

- Time for delivering may be enlarged, f. 56.

To be delivered by perfons appealing, f. 60.

By officers of corporations, f. 90.

Form of ftatements, fchedule B. 3 of fchedule, fchedule D.

Surveyors and infpefiors. (See oath.)

May infpedjt commiffioners7 books, f. 50.

May examine lifts, ftatements, and afteffi-ments: and furcharge fame, on notice to parties, &c. f. 60.

May examine parifh rates, lifts of jurors, and accounts of corporations, f. 62.

May apply for revifton of ftatements. f. 52.

Such applications may be difallowed. f. 53; lubjedt to appeal, f. 71.

May appeal againft afieffment. f. 64; or demand a cafe. f. 65.

How to be paid for their trouble, f. 48.

Tenants at rack rent, how to be afleffed. f. 94 j and fchedule A. cafe 11, See. In Scotland, f. 94.

Timber or <ivoodsy income from, how to be eftimated, fchedule A. I. cafe 10.

Tovjer divifiony commiffioners how to be appointed for. f. 20.

Traders and trading corporations, may be aflefied by commercial commiffioners. ft 96, See.

(See commercial commiffioners.)

Truftees, agents, receivers, See. lifts to be

. delivered by. f. 38. 42, 43. 55.

Where to be affieffed. f. 74.

To pay the duties, and retain the amount. f/91.

Tythes, income arifing from, how to be eftimated, fchedule A. I. cafe 9. 12.

Witneffes, before commercial commiffioners, to be examined apart, f. 98.

When not compellable to anfwer. f. 59*

Woods. See timber.

C A P.

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

179^• 3 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 14,	125

CAP. XIV.

An aft for exempting, during the prefent war, certain perfons,y5rz/-/Vzg in volunteer corps, from being ballotted for the fupplemcntary militia, under certain conditions ;	making out new lifts of

men liable toferve in thefaid militia.—[January 9, 1799*]

WHEREAS £}' aft, pajfed in the thirty feventh year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for providing 37 Geo. 3. an augmentation to the militia, to be trained and exercifed in c* 3* the manner therein directed, and for enabling his Majefty to caufe the fame to be embodied, in cafe of neceffity, for the defence of thefe kingdoms 3 all perfons ferving in any corps of volunteers raifed by virtue of an aft, paffed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent'Majefty, intituled, An ad for encouraging and 34- Geo. 3. difciplining fuch corps or companies of men as (hall voluntarily c* 3r> and enrol themfelves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coafts, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the prefent war, and who fhould have been duly enrolled in fuch corps on or before the twentieth day of Odober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, are exempted from being liable to ferve per finally, or to provide a fubfiitute, in the faid Jiipplementary militia to be raijed by virtue of the faid firfi-recited aft: and whereas it will be conducive to the further fe.curiiy and defence of thefe kingdoms, that the faid exemption fhould, under certain conditions, be extended to all volunteers raifed, or to be raifed, under the faid lajl-mentioned aft, or under an aft, made in the lajl fejjion of parliament, intituled, An ad to enable his Majefty more effedually to provide for the defence and fecurity of the realm during the prefent war; and for indemnifying perfons who may fufFer in their property, by fuch meafures as may be necefTary for that purpofe: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enabled by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in every cafe where any volunteer corps of in- Perfons en-fantry or cavalry, raifed under the faid ads pafted in the thirty-fourth and thirty-feventh years of the reign of his prefent COrpS raifect Majefty, or under either of the faid ads, ihall confent and under the ads agree, in manner herein-after mentioned, when called out, to of the 34th place itfelf under the command of any general officer within the military diftrid where fuch corps may be formed, to ferve in any part of the faid diftrid in cafe of adual invaficn, or of the not, on ccr-adual appearance of the enemy on the coaft, or of the danger tain con.lief invafion being fo imminent as to make it advifeable for the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or any of them, to give orders provideafub* for the removal of cattle, corn, or any other articles which may dilute in the be of advantage to the enemy, or ufeful to the publick krvice, hipplemen--in the manner mentioned in the faid laft-rnentioned ad, or (hall tarF confent and agree, or (hall have contented and agreed, to any

other Hosted by Google

Geo. 3 c. zy, recited.

126 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c, 14. [1798,

other more extenlive conditions of fervice, all and every the perfons enrolled, or to be enrolled, and ferving in fuch corps, fhall be exempted from being liable to ferve perfonally, or to provide a fubftitute to ferve, in the faid fupplementary militia.

II. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That fuch confent of any fuch corps of volunteers to the terms and conditions of fervice herein-before mentioned, or to any other more extenfive conditions of fervice, fhall be certified under the hand of the commanding officer- thereof, and that fuch certificate (hall be added to the mufter roll herein-after mentioned, and fhall, together with fuch mufter roll, be tranfmitted by fuch commanding officer to the lieutenant of the county or place where fuch corps fhall be raifed ; and that the confent of each perfon hereafter to be enrolled in fuch corps to the terms and condi-the confent of tions of fervice fo agreed to by fuch corps, {hall be fignified to perfons here- the commanding officer thereof, under the hand of every fuch

Confent of the corps to the conditions to be certified by the commanding officer, and added to the mufter roll, and tranf-miited to the county lieutenant, and

perfon refpedlively, at the time of his enrolment in fuch corps; and that fuch confent fhall thereupon, in every fuch cafe, be certified by fuch commanding officer, together with the return of the enrolment of fuch perfon, to the lieutenant of the county

after enrolled to be fignified to the commanding officer, &c.

The names of or place where fuch corps fhall be raifed, or to fuch perfon as may be appointed by fuch lieutenant to receive fuch certificates,.

III. Provided alfo, and be it further enadled. That the names of all fuch volunteers, now enrolled and ferving in any fuch corps, fhall be entered on a mufler roll, a copy of which fhall be tranfmitted to the lieutenant of the county on or before the tenth day of February next, figned by the commanding officer of the corps or company to which fuch volunteers fhall belong; and that monthly returns, fpecifying the enrolment of all fuch perfons as may after the paffing of this act be enrolled in any fuch corps, fhall be, in like manner, tranfmitted by the commanding officer after the paf- thereof to fuch lieutenant, or to fome perfon appointed by him fmgofthisaft, to receive the fame; and that all fuch mufter rolls and returns fhall be certified by fuch lieutenant, or other perfon as-aforefaid.

volunteers now enrolled to be entered on a mufter roll, and tranfmitted ro the. county lieutenant, by Feb. io, 1799; anc* monthly returns of perfons enrolled

to the clerk of the general meetings of the lieutenancy, within

to be tranfmitted, in

like manner,	_	.	.

and certified ten days after they fhall have been fo tranfmitted ; and the faid bytheJieute- clerk of the general meeting is hereby required forthwith to cler^o/the tranim^t copies thereof to the feveral fubdivifion meetings holden general meet- f°r t^le PurP°fe of hearing appeals againft the militia lift returned ing, who fhall from each parifti.

fend copies to IV. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That frefh the fubdivi- mufter rolls fhall, in the prefent and every future year, be tranfmitted in the like manner to the lieutenant of the ^county, or other perfon authorifed as aforefaid to receive the fame, on or before the twenty-fourth day of December, and fhall be certified by him to the clerk of the general meeting thereof by the fifth day mined yearly Gf January following, in the manner and for the purpofes herein-l^menants1^ before mentioned; and that the commanding officer fo tranf-and certified mitting the fame, fhall annex thereto a certificate figned by him-bythemrothe felf, certifying that he has not, to the bed of his knowledge'and clerks o( the belief, inferted in the faid mufter roll the name of any perfon general meet-	who

fion meetings for hearing appeals.

Mufter rolls to be tranf-

Hosted by

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 14.	127

who has not, fince the date of the palling of this acI, (or fince ing*> ar,d the the date of his enrolment, if the fame fhall have been pofterior	^

to the palling of this abl), duly attended at the exercife of the annex a certi-corps, unlefs prevented by ficknefs; or by fuch other fufficient ficate that the 'reafon as fhall have been duly allowed by the commanding perfons inofficer; and no perfon fliall at any time be entitled to claim	^

fuch exemption as aforefaid, unlefs his name fhall be found attended ex-^ either oil the lad mufter rolls which fhall have been fo rranf- ercife. mitted and certified as aforefaid, or on fome monthly return No perfon to which fhall be poderior thereto.	be entitled to

V.	And be it further enabled, That no perfon fliall

titled to claim fuch exemption as aforefaid by reafon of his en- commanding rolment and fervice in any corps of volunteers, unlefs the com-officer certify manding officer thereof fhall, at the times of tranfmitting the that the corps mufter rolls of fuch corps in manner aforefaid, certify at the foot thereof that fuch corps has been infpebted at lead once in the 3 months, by fpace of the three months immediately preceding the date there- a general or of, by fome general or field officer of his Majefty’s regular field officer, forces, or, if fuch inflection fhall not have taken place, that ^ad^tobe fuch corps is ready and willing to be fo infpebfed, at lead twice jnfpdcded in the fix months immediately following, at its ufual place of Copies of cer-places and times of meeting; copies of which certificates fhall tihc.nes to be be certified by fuch lieutenant to the clerk of the general meet-certified to . in£, and by him to the fubdivifion meetings, together with the-the cl<\rk mufter rolls.	.	.	Sings.

VI.	And, ivith a view to the letter execution of this aft, be

it further enabled, That his Majedy’s lieutenants of the feveral County lieu*

tenants to 5 tranfmit

counties and places in Great Britain, fhall, once in every yea tranfmit to one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of date, an yearly to a abftrabl of the feveral muder rolls fo tranfmitted to them re- iecretary of fpeblively within the year; which abdrabt fliall exprefs, the date, an ab-names of the feveral corps, the number of perfons enrolled and m^fterrof^ ferving therein refpebliveiy, their conditions of fervice, and whether the fame have been infpebted, or are willing to be in-fpebled, as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enabled. That muder rolls, returns, Muller roils,

and certificates, refpebliveiy made up, returned, and certified,	fbe

according to the feveral forms thereof, A, B, C, and D, an- ed^r inftru~ nexed to this abl, fhall be deemed to be fufficient and valid for meats of a the purpofes of the fame; but that if, from any'variation of cir- fimilarim-cumdances, or other reafon, thefe forms fhould not be dricfly P°rt’to be adhered to, indruments of a fimilar import may neverthelefs be aeemeci va [ # deemed fufficient for the purpofes aforefaid.

VIII.	And whereas it may be neceffary, in confequence of the pro- • vifeons of this aft, to make our new lifts of men liable to jerve in the

faidfupplementary militia, be it further enabled, That the lieute- At the firft nant, together with two deputy lieutenants, or (on the death or"^|e?^f^rmeet* removal or in the abfence of the lieutenant) any three deputy lieutenants of every county, riding, or place, fhall, in the man - ad, and in ner direbled by the faid fird-recited abl, at the fird general ev^T future meeting to be holden after the palling of this act, caufe full and j*^gr,0”^e

correbt1

128

men liable to ferve in the fiipplemen-tary militia, to be made out; and out of which the fubdivifion meetings to caufe the number wanting to be ballotted for.

Continuance of ad.

Anno regni tricefimo nonoGEORGii III. c. 14. [1798.

correct lifts to be made out of all perfons liable to ferve in the faid fupplementarv militia, for filch county, riding, or place, and in every future year fhall in like manner make out new lifts, or caufe the former lifts to be amended by adding new names thereto, and ftriking out the names of perfons not liable to be ballotted for the faid fupplementary militia, as the faid lieutenant and deputy lieutenants refpedtively fhall think proper; and the faid deputy lieutenants fhall, and they are hereby authorifed and required, at their refpedtive fubdivifion meetings, out of the lifts which (hall fo from time to time be made out, to caufe the number of men to be ballotted for which (hall be wanting to complete the faid fupplementary militia.

IX. And be it enabled. That this a£t (hall have continuance during the prefent war, and no longer.

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 14.

FORMS referred to in the above ACT.

A.

FORM of mufter rolls and certificates, to be tranfmitted by the commanding officers of volunteer corps to the lieutenant of the county or place, on or before the tenth of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and on or before the twenty-fourth day of December, in that and every fucceeding year.

CO

(S’

3

CD •4 CX.

a

o

3

3

pa

3

Q-

5*

m

O

a

n

CD





^ M — >-i - >0 00**i +>. C*J m 1 2 O, ^ ^ H O 1 C	
O &i Cl  tt*r*s b	2;  CJ  3  f6
*• vg	When  enrolled.
	2;  0
	Name.
	When  enrolled
	2  0
	1 Name.
	When  enrolled.
	No.
	2;  3  p
	When  enrolled.
	2  0
	Name.
	When  enrolled.
/	2  c
	Name.
	When  enrolled.

d

XA

H

$ F

3 O

CD {—) CD L *-t h—1

c/i

zr

CD

n

o

3 3 g T3

CD -r-i cn c/i 3

CD

P-

pa

3

Ou

<t

5‘

CTQ

3*

3"

CD

2

v>‘ s

s

vH.

CD*

CD

c

CD

3

pa

3

HT*

CD

O

•-*>

vol, xlh.

K

CERTIFICATE.

Hosted by

Google

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 14. [1798. CERTIFICATE.

1^ K. L. commanding officer of the	do

hereby certify, in purfuance of an ad of parliament, paffed in the thirty*ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for exempting, during the prefent war, certain perfons, ferving in volunteer corps, from being ballotted for the fupplementary militia, under certain conditions ; and for making out new lijls of men liable to ferve in the faid militia; that the conditions of fer-vice agreed to by the faid corps of	are	as

follows; videlicet, That the faid corps has confented, (herefpecify the conditions of fervice); and that all and every the per Tons named in the above mufter roll have duly fignified to me, (or other commanding officer of the corps), their confent thereto,

[AT*. B. The following paragraph is to be omitted in the mujler roll to be fent on or before the tenth of February one thoufand

, feven hundred and ninety-nine; but is to be infer ted in all thofe to be tranfmiued on or before the twenty-fourth of December in each year].

(And I do further certify, That I have not, to the beft of my knowledge and belief, inferted, or caufed to be inferted, in the above mufter roll, containing {fpecify the number) names, the name of any perfon who has not, fince the date of the paffing the faid ad of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, [or fince the date of his enrolment, if the fame has been poflerior to the paffing iho fnid aft], duly attended at the exercife of the corps, unlefs prevented by ficknefs, or by fuch other fuffi-cient reafon as hath been duly allowed by me, or by the commanding officer of the corps for the time being).

And I do further certify, That the faid corps (hath, in the courfe of the three months immediately preceding the date hereof, been infpeded by A. B. general (or field) officer in his Majefty’s fervice), or, (hath not within the laft three months been infpeded in the manner required by the faid ad:, but is ready and willing to be fo infpeded, as in the faid ad is provided.)

Dated the	17

Signed,

K. L. Commanding Officer.

Hosted by Google

form

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 14-

B.

FORM of confent of each perfon hereafter to be enrolled in any corps of volunteers, to the conditions of fervice thereof.

To -S’. L. commanding officer of the	of	volunteers.

I,	C. D. having enrolled myfelf in the faid corps, do hereby confent and engage myfelf to the conditions of fervice thereof, videlicet, [here fpecify the conditions of fervice, either in the words of this aft) or otherwtfe, as the cafe may be].

Signed C.D.

Dated	the	17

c.

FORM of monthly return and certificate of volunteer corps, to be transmitted bv the commanding officer thereof to the lieutenant of the county or place.

To A. B. his Majefty’s lieutenant for the	of

MONTHLY RETURN of the	of	com-

manded by

Colonel. I	Lieut. Colonel, j	1 Major. |	Captains. j	[ Captain Lieut, j	Lieutenants. j	Cornets. |	| Ensigns. |	| Quarter Masters.}	| Serjeants. |	Corporals.	Trumpeters, |	Drummers. |	Fifers. |	Privates. |	Enrolled 6ince last return.		Discharged or dead since last return..	
															No.	Names.	No.	Names.
																	-		-

Signed,	K,	L.	Commanding	Officer.

I,	K* L. commanding officer of the	do	hereby

certify, that the feveral perfons whofe names are herein contained, as enrolled in the faid corps fince the laft return thereof, have duly fignified to me [or other commanding officer of the corps), under their hands, their confent to the conditions of fervice thereof.

k 2	ABSTRACT

Hosted by Google

132

Preamble.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III, c. 15. [1798.

D.

ABSTRACT of mufter rolls to be yearly tranfmitted by the lieutenants of counties, &c. to one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of (late.

To M. N. one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate.

ABSTRACT of mufter rolls of volunteer corps within the of r received by me 0. P. his Majefty’s lieutenant for the fame, fince the	day of	in the year

No.	Names and description of corps.	Number of perfons enrolled, and lerv-ing therein.	Conditions of Service.	When infpe&ed, or if willing to be fo, as required by the a<ft 39 Geo. HI.
1	Gentlemen & Yeomanry.	60.	As required in the a<St 39 Geo. III.	Infpe&ed OS. %5> 1799*
2	Infantry.	IOO.	Within the (aid town only.	Not infpetfted, but willing to be fo.
3	Ditto.	70.	Tn any part of Great Britain.	Ditto.
Sec.	Sec.	See.	Sec.	Sec.

CAP. XV,

An a51 to continue, until the twenty-firft day of May one thoufand 7even hundred and ninety-nine, an act, made in the lajl fejfim of parliament, intituled, An a6t to empower his Majefty to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Majefty (hall fuifpedt are con-fpiring againft his perfon and government.—[January 9,1799*]

<v

WHEREAS an a5l was pajfed in the lajl feffton of parliament, intituled. An a£t to empower his Majefty to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Majefty fhall fufpedt are confpiring againft: his perfon and government, which a5i was to continue in force until the firfi d.ay of February one thoufand feven hundred and n'mety-nine, and no longs* : and whereas it is necejfary for the pub• lick fafety that the provifons of the faid a5l Jhould be further continued: and for the better prefervation therefore of his Majefly’s facred perfon, and for fecuring the peace of the kingdom, and the laius and liberties thereof be it enabled by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords

fpiritual

Hosted by Google

1798,] Anno rd^nl tricefimo nono Georgii 1IL c. 15.	133

fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every perfon Perfons im-or perfons that are or fhal 1 be in prifon within the kingdom ^^^reafon * Great Britain at or upon the day on which this a£t (hall receive &£ be * his Majefty’s royal aflent, or after, by warrant of his faid Ma- detained till jefty’s moft honourable privy council, figned by fix of the faid May21,1799, privy council, for high treafon, fufpicion of high treafon, or treasonable practices, or by warrant, figned by any of his Ma-jefty’s fecretaries of ft ate, for fuch caufes as aforefaid, may be detained in fafe cuftody, without bail or mainprize, until the twenty-firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; and that no judge or juftice of the peace fhall bail or try any fuch perfon or perfons fo committed, without order from his faid Majefty’s privy council, till the faid twenty-firft day of May one thoufand Seven hundred and ninety-nine; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enacfted. That the a<£l made in Scotland A& in Scot-in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and one, intituled, An aft for preventing ivrongous imprifonment, and againft wro^gou^”1^ undue delays in trials^ in fofar as the fame may be conftrued to relate imprifon-

to cafes of treafon and fufpicion of treafon, be fufpended until the ment, fofar

faid twenty-firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ™ea^J*ate

ninety-nine; and that until the faid day no judge, juftice of the

peace, or other officer of the law in Scotland, fhall liberate, try, till May 21,

or admit to bail, any perfon or perfons that is, are, or fhall be, 1799, &c.

in prifon within.Scotland, for fuch caufes as aforefaid,' without

order from his Majefty’s privy council, figned by fix of the faid From M^iy21,

privy council.	commfttedTo

III.	Provided always, That, from and after the faid twenty- have the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, benefit of all the faid perfons fo committed fhall have the benefit and advan-

tage of all laws and ftatutes any way relating to or providing for ][ber°y Jf^he the liberty of the fubjebls of this realm.	fubjedt, &c.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That nothing in Privileges of

this a(51 fhall be conftrued to extend to invalidate the ancient parliament rights and privileges in parliament, or to the imprifonment or *Jot	-

detaining of any member of either houfe of parliament, during ^te ^ lis the fitting of fuch parliament, until the matter of which he

ftands fufpecfted be firft communicated to the houfe of which he is a member, and the confent of the faid houfe obtained for his commitment or detaining.	Perfons

V.	Provided neverthelefs, That any perfon or perfons in againft whom prifon at the time of paffing this a£l, againft whom any bill or

bills of indictment for high treafon have been already formed, foi are already fhall and may be tried on the fame indidlment, as if this a<5l had formed, to be never palled.	tried thereon.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That this prefont a£t (hall Continuance

continue in force until the faid twenty-firft day of May one thou-	a(^*

and feven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer.

K 3

Hosted by

C A P.

Google

134 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 16—19. [1798.

CAP. XVI.

An ad to revive and continue, until thirty days after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, An ad, paffed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majelty, chapter feventy-fix, videlicet. On the feventeenth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, intituled, An ad for eftablifhing courts of judicature in the iiland of Newfoundland, and the ifiands adjacent.—[January 9, 1799.]

CAP. XVII.

An ad to indemnify fuch perfons, as have omitted to qualify themfelvea for offices and employments, and to indemnify juftices of the peace or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time direded by law, and for extending the time limited for thofe purpofes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; to indemnify members and of-ficers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be damped according to law, or having been damped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to provide admiffions duly damped; to permit fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the firft day of Michaelmas term one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; to allow to fuch perfons who have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or fervants, until the twenty-fecond day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine for payment of the fame: to indemnify at-tornies who have omitted to enter their certificates according to law, and for allowing them until the firft day of Eafter term, to enter the fame with the proper officer; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have negleded to tranlmitde-feriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time direded by law, and for extending the time limited for that pur-pcie, until the firft day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.—[January 9, 1799-]

CAP. XVIII.

An ad for raffing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the ferviceof the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine. —[March 7, 1799.]

Commiffioners of the treafury may raife 3,ooo,oool. by loans and exchequer bills, before the firft of May, 1799, like manner as is pre-feribed by the malt ad of this feffion concerning loans, See. The chufes, &c. in the faid ad relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills fo iftued not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before July 5, 1799- Adion not to lie for refufal. Principal and intereft, with charges, to be repaid out of inftalments fpecified in fuch bills not later than May, June, and July, on any loan of this feffion, or on 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. and if the inftalments paid before Nov. ao, 1799, be infufficient, to be charged on the confo-lidated fund. Monies fo iftued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this ad; notwifchftanding the ad 5 and 6 Gul. Sc Mariae, c. 20. or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. XIX.

An ad for the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fhore, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred.— [March ax, j799.]

CAP.

He ' Dy Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii HI. c. 20.	135

CAP. XX.

An aft for punijhingmutiny and	defertion-, and for the payment of the

army and their quarters. [March 21, 1799.]

[I Number of forces 52,0519 including 5,766 invalids.

XLVI. And whereas it may fometimes become neceffary, in cafes of emergency, to provide proper and fpeedy means for the carriage and conveyance not only cf the arms, clothes, accoutrements, tents, baggage, and other equipage of and belonging to his Majefly’s forces in their marches, but alfo of the officers, fo Liters, few ants, women, children, and other perfons of and belonging to fuch forces: and whereas it is expedient that provifion Jkould be made for enforceing prompt obedience to fuch orders as his Majejly may in fuch cafes think fit to ijfue in purfuance of the powers by law vefed in him for the advancement of the general good and publick welfare of the real?n; be it therefore further enatfted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be law- I*1 cafes of ful for his Majefty, by his order, diftin£fly dating that fuch cafe the^^etar of emergency doth exift, fignified by the fecretary at war for at wars by the time being to any general or field officer commanding his order of his Majefty’s forces in any diftridt or place, or to the commiflary Majefty, may general of ftores and provifions at home, to authorife fuch gene-ral or field officer, or commiflary general as aforefaid, by field officer writing under his hand, reciting fuch order of his faid Majefty, or the com-to require all juftices of the peace within their feveral counties, mifiary gene-ridings, divifions, cities, liberties, and precimfts in England, ^jores Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, to iflue his or their fions^tcTre-warrant or warrants for any of the purpofes herein-after men- quire juftices tioned; and fuch juftice or juftices (hall, when and as often as to iflue war-fuch requifltion in writing as laft mentioned fhall be brought	Saddle

and fhewn unto any one or more of fuch juftices, by the quar-	e

ter mafter, adjutant, or other officer of the regiment, detach-four wheeled ment, troop or company, fo ordered to be conveyed, or by any carriages, let officer in the department of the faid commiflary general, to iflue out his or their warrant or warrants to the conftables, or petty ufec^ri cana]s conftables, of the county, divifion, riding, city, liberty, hundred or navigable and precin£I, from, through, near, or to which fuch regiment, rivers, with detachment, troop, or company fhall be fo ordered to be con- j^er^egnd veyed, requiring them to make fuch provifion not only of waggons, wains, and carts kept by or belonging to any perfon or	°nto

perfons, and for any ufe or purpofe whatfoever, but alfo of fad-	warrauts

die horfes, coaches, chaifes and other four wheeled carriages for providing ufually let to hire, or kept for that purpofe ; and alfo of boats, them, fpecify-barges, and other veflels, ufed for the carriage of coals, ftone,thf,

i« 0	r \	1	t^ncc tncy 31 c

lime, manure, or of goods, wares or merchandizes, or any other to g0# articles or commodity whatfoever, upon any canal or navigable river, with able men and horfes to drive, navigate, and draw the fame, as fhall be mentioned in the faid warrant or warrants therein fpecifying the place or diftance to which fuch horfes,

'	- K 4	carriages.

Hosted by Google

136	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 20. [1798.

carriages, boats, barges, or other veffels and men {hall go, and be conveyed, and allowing fuch conftables fufficient time to make fuch provifion, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burthen; and in cafe fuch fufficient carriages, horfes, boats, barges, or other veffels, and men, cannot be provided within any fuch county, riding, divifion, hundred, city, liberty, or precindf, then the next juftice or juftices of the peace of the next county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or precin£t, {hall, upon fuch requifition in writing as laft: aforefaid being brought or {hewn to any one or more of them, by any ofithe officers aforefaid, iffue his or their warrant or warrants to the conftables, or petty conftables, of fuch next county, riding, city, liberty, di-vifton, hundred or precind, for the purpofes laft aforefaid, to Officers de-	make Up fuch deficiency; and the aforefaid officer or officers

t^paylor	who, by virtue of the aforefaid warrant or warrants from the

their hire fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, are to demand the carriages, fums as the	horfes, boats, barges, or other veffels therein mentioned, of the

conftable, or petty conftable, to whom the faid warrant or warrants fhall be diredled, is and are hereby required at the fame time to pay down in hand to the faid conftable, or petty conftable, for the ufe of the perfon or perfons who (hall provide fuch carriages, horfes, boats, barges, or other veffels, and men, fuch reafonable fum and furns of money as the faid juftice or juftices which in fuch fhall in and by his or their faid warrant or warrants order and cafes are not diredt, not exceeding the ufual rate and hire of fuch and the like carriages, horfes, boats, barges, or other veffels, and men, according to the length of the journey or voyage in each particular cafe, but making no allowance for poft horfe duty, or turnpike, canal, river or lock tolls (which duty or tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable or payable in fuch and the like cafes, for any fuch carriages, horfes, boats, barges and other veffels, whilft employed in fuch fervice or returning therefrom); for which faid refpedfive fum and fums fo received, the faid conftable, or petty conftable is hereby required to give a receipt in ftamp$ and to writing, but without any ftamp, to the perfon or perfons paying order the the fame ; and fuch conftable, or petty conftable, (hall order and be Dro ^d*"0 aPP°^nt *uch Peff°n or perfons having fuch horfes, carriages, ^	*	boats, barges, or other veffels, and men, within their refpedhtfe

liberties, as they fhall think proper, to provide and furnifti fuch horfes, carriages, boats, barges, or other veffels, and men, according to the warrant or warrants aforefaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnifh the fame accordingly; and it fhall and may be lawful in fuch cafes, to and for all and every military officer and officers, for the ufe of whom, or of whofe regiment, detachment, troop or company, fuch horfes, carriages, boats, barges, or other veffels, fhall be provided in fuch cafes, to carry and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on the fame refpe&ively, not only the arms, cloaths, accoutrements, baggage, tents, and other equipage of fuch regiment, detachment, troop, or company, but alfo the officers, foldiers, fervants, women, children, and other perfons of and belonging to the

fame;

juftices fhall dire£t,not exceeding the ufual rates, but making no allowance for poft horfe duty or tolls,

demandable.

Conftables to give a receipt without

Military officers may convey on them arms, clothes, accoutrements, baggage, equipage, officers,foldiers, fervants, women, children, and other perfons.

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 20.	137

fame;'any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not-withftanding : but if any fuch officer or officers fhall force and Penalty on conftrain any horfe, carriage, boat, barge, or other veil'd, to ^gho^fe^&c. travel or proceed beyond the diftance or place to be allowed and to travel be- * fpecified in fuch warrant or warrants, without the fpecial licence yond the dif-or order of one or more other fuch juftice or juftices of the ta^ce *Peci-peace in that behalf, and which licence or order one or more of fuch juftices is and are hereby authorifed and required to give cence# and make at his and their reafonable difcretion, every fuch officer for every fuch offence fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds, proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace of the fame county or riding, divifion, city, liberty, or precind, who are to certify the fame to the paymafter general, or other refpedive paymafter'of his Majefty’s forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforefaid fum of five pounds, according to the order and appointment under the hands and feals of the aforefaid juftices of the peace of the lame county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or precind, and who is hereby empowered to dedud the fame out of fuch officer’s pay.

LV. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enacted and de- Clatife for dared by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and enlifting ninety-nine, when and as oftert as any perfon or perfons fhall themfelves. be enlifted as a foldier or foldiers in his Majefty’s land fervice, . hq or they fhall within four days, but not fooner than twenty-four hours, after fuch inlifting refpedively, be carried before the next juftice of the peace of any county, riding,city, or place, or chief magiftrate of any city or town corporate, (not being an officer in the army) and before fuch juftice or chief magiftrate he or they (hall be at liberty to declare his or their diftent to fuch in-lifting ; and upon fuch declaration, and returning the inlifting money, and alfo each perfon fo dilTenting paying the fum of twenty (hillings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, fuch perfon or perfons fo infilled fhall be forthwith difcharged and fet at liberty, in the prefence of fuch juftice or chief magiftrate; but if fuch perfon or perfons fhall refufeor negled, within Such perfons the fpace of twenty-four hours, to return and pay fuch money as ^one^ aforefaid, he or they fhall be deemed and taken to be enlifted, as within the if he or they had given his or their affent thereto before the laid limited time, juftice or chief magiftrate ; or if fuch perfon or perfons fhall de- to be deemed dare his or their having voluntarily infilled himfelf or them- which cafe lelves, then fuch juftice or chief magiftrate (hall, and he is hereby or if they en* required forthwith to read over, or in his own prefence caufe to 1 i ft, t h e j a ft ices be read over to fuch perfon or perfons the fecond and fixth fee- to reac- ovtr tions of the articles of war againft: mutiny and defertion, and to ^^iul^th6 tender and adminifter to fuch perfon or perfons refpedively, not fcc°rions of the only the oath of fidelity mentioned in the faid articles of war, articles of but alfo the oath mentioned in the fchedule to this ad annexed, war, and to marked (A.); and if fuch perfon or perfons fhall take the faid oaths, then fuch juftice or chief magiftrate (hall and he is hereby in feheduk required forthwith to certify under his hand the inlifting and.(A)

(wearing

Hosted by Google

138

Jufiices to certify the inlifiment in the form in fehedule (B.)

Such perfons refuting to take the oath of fidelity may hz confined.

Penalty on officers acting contrary hereto.

Anno regni tricelimo nono Georgia III. c. 20. [1798.

fwearing, together with the place of the birth, age, and calling, if known, of fuch perfon or perfons, in the form mentioned in the fchedule to this aft annexed, marked (B.); and if any fuch perfon or perfons, fo to be certified, (hall wilfully refufe to take the faid oath of fidelity before the faid juftice or thief magiftrate, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch officer, from whom he has received fuch money as aforefaid, to detain or confine fuch per-fon or perfons until he or they fhall take the faid oath of fidelity; and every military officer that fhall aft contrary hereto, or offend herein, fhall incur the like penalty and forfeiture as is by this aft to be infiifted upon any officer for making a falfe and untrue mufler; and the penalty and forfeiture fhall be levied and recovered in the fame manner as any penalties or forfeitures are by this aft to be levied or recovered.

SCHEDULE.

(A.)

FORM of OATH.

Ido make oath, that I am by trade a	and,

to the bed of my knowledge and belief, was born in the parifh of	in the county of	and	that	I	have	no

rupture, nor ever was troubled with fits, and am no ways dif-abled by lamenefs, or otherwife, but have the perfeft ufe of my limbs; that I am not an apprentice, and that I do not belong to the militia, or to any other regiment, or to his Majefty’s navy or marines.	,

As witnefs my hand at	the	day	of

one thoufand feven hundred and ninety Sworn before me at this	day	of	179

Witnefs prefent

(B.)

FORM OF JUSTICES CERTIFICATES.

t I T i & one of his Majefty’s judices of the peace of ° W1 '3 X	(or	chief	magiftrate of	)	certify.

That C. D. aged	years	feet	inches	high

complexion	eyes	hair,	came	before

me at	on	the	day of	179	and	ac-

knowledged that he had voluntarily inlifted himfelf to ferve his majefty King George the Third, in the	regiment	of

commanded by	and	I	further	certify	that	in

my prefence, the fecond and fixth feftions of the articles of war againft mutiny and defertion were read over to him, and that he took the oath of fidelity mentioned in the faid articles of war, and alfo the oath above fet forth.

A. B.

Videlicet, the oath mentioned in the fchedule marked (, b j

Hosted by

Google

C A P.

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 21.	139

CAP. XXI.

An aft to amend and render more effectual two afts, pafifed in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefy's reign and the prefent fefTion of parliament, for the redemption and purchafe of the land tax.—[March 21, 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make provifion for facilitating Preamble.

the redemption of the land tax by bijbops, and other ecclefiajli-cal perfons, and by all corporations; and alfo to explain and amend two afts, pa fed in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majeffs reign and the prefent fefion of parliament, for the redemption and purchafe of the land tax: be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much and fuch of the provifions of an ad, made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for making perpetual, fubjeft to 38 Geo. 3. c. redemption and purchafe in the manner therein fated, the fever al6a% fums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety'eight and of another ad, made in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft to enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax, and to explain and amend an aft, made in the laf feffion of parliament, intituled, 4 An aft for making perpetual, 39 Geo. 3. c. fubjeft to redemption and purchafe in the manner therein fated, the 6* fever a I fums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eightf as require that the commiffioners ap- So much of pointed, or to be appointed, for carrying the faid ads into exe- ^utres^lie18 cution, fhould confent to and approve of the fale of any manors, farSicm, &c. meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in England, ofthecommif-thereby refpedively authorifed to be fold for the redemption of fioners to the land tax, and alfo that fuch fales (hall be by publick audion be-^re^j^^®n fore the faid commiffioners, or by private contract, according to land tax & an eftimate made and verified upon oath, and alfo fuch provifions [fee 38 Geo. as require that a fchedule fhould be produced, and one month’s 3* c- 60. f. 19, notice in writing given to the faid commiffioners previoufly to *g any fuch fale, and alfo all luch other provifions as require the Qe’0 3 fandibn, diredion, authority, or concurrence of the faid com - f. 35. 38.42, mi/fibners, to any fale to be made by virtue of the faid ads, fo 43h repealed* far as fuch reftridive provifions, or any of them, relate to any fates^o tends manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in Eng- 0f bodies polf-land, belonging to any bodies politick or corporate, or com-tick or cor-panies, in the faid ads mentioned, which now are or hereafter porate.

(hall be in their own occupation, or let to tenants at will, or from year to year, or for any term of years, or which (hall be leafed upon or be fubjedt to any demife for years abfolute, or for years determinable on lives, for which a fine or premium was or (hall be paid, or for lives, where a rent was or fhall be referved, or a fine or premium paid, fhall, from and immediately after the pafiing of this ad, be, and the fame are hereby repealed,

II.	And

Hosted by Google

140

Seven com-miiTioners (being members of the privy council), may be appointed, by the King, for regelating fuch Tales by corporations.

Two to be fufficient to any a<f>.

Their oath.

AH fuch Tales by corporations (hall be made under the direction of the com-miffioners for the purpofes of this a<5!, of whom two at leal!, fhall be parties to the idle.

Corporations fhall do all filch adts for com pit ting

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. [1798*

II.	And be it further enadfed, That it fhall be lawful for his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, from time to time, by letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, to nominate and appoint feven perfons (being refpedVively members of fiis Majefty’s mod honourable privy council) to be commiffioners for the purpofes of regulating, diredting, approving, and confirming all fuch fales, and contracts for fale, which fhall be made by fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, for the purpofe of redeeming any land tax charged on all or any of the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, whether in their own occupation, or let or demifed as aforefaid; and that any two or more of fuch perfons may do any ad!, matter, or thing, which by this ad! the laid perfons are authorifed to do.

III.	And be it further enadled. That every commiffioner fpecially to be appointed for the purpofes of this ad!, before he fhall enter upon the execution of his office, fhall take an oath to the effedl following; (that is to fay),

c T A* B. do fwear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and JL honeftly, according to the beft of my (kill and judgement, execute the feveral powers and trufls repofed in me by an ad! of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, intituled, An aft [here infert the title of this a£l]y according to the tenor and purport of the faid ad!.

So help me GOD/

Which oath fhall and may be adminiftered by any one of the perfons named to be a commiffioner to any other or others of them.

IV.	And be it further enad!ed. That all fales which fhall be made from and after the palling of this ad!, by any fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies aforefaid, for the purpofe of redeeming the land tax charged upon any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to them, whether in poffeffion, or let or leafed, upon or fubjedl to any fuch demife as aforefaid, fhall be made by and under the dired!ion and authority of the commiffioners to be appointed for the purpofe of executing this ad! ; and fuch fales (hall, when approved and confirmed by the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, be as valid and effedtual, in all refped!s, as if the fame had been made and executed in the manner, and under and according to the feveral reftridfions and regulations mentioned in the laid recited acts : provided always, That no fuch fale {hall be valid and effedtual unlefs two at leaf! of the faid commiffioners, to be appointed for the purpofes of this ad!, {hall certify their content thereto and approbation thereof, by figning and {baling the fame as parties thereto.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadfed, That all fuch bodies politick or corporate, and companies, who fhall be defirous of making any fuch fale or fales as aforefaid, (hall do and execute

^	all

179^*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c.	141

all fuch afts, matters, and things, for completing fuch Tales as Tales as the aforefaid, as the faid commiffioners, to be appointed for the pur-pofes of this aft, (hall from time to time require; and all and p^rchaf-* ■every the purchasers of any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, ers fhall \y\y or hereditaments, which {hall be fold by the direftion and under money into the authority of the faid commiffioners to be appointed for the j^ba:former purpofes of this aft, (hall pay their refpeftive purchafe monies a(cj-s# into the bank of England, and do all fuch other afts, matters, and things, as by the faid acts are required to be done by purchafers of eftates under the authority of the fame,

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That hot- EcclefiafUcal withftanding any thing in the faid firft recited aft contained, Pe^°^s^c* requiring the confirmation of certain bodies and perfons to the fajcs w-ltk fale of any eftates belonging to fpiritual and ecclefiaftical bodies the confent of or perfons, no further or other confent, authority, approbation, commiffioners' or confirmation, {hall be required to enable fuch Tales by any	^	^6©*

fpiritual or ecciefiaftical bodies politick or corporate, whether aggregate or foie, for the purpofe of redeeming the land tax finem.] charged upon all or any of his or their eftates, than fuch confent, authority, approbation, or confirmation, of the commif-iioners to be appointed for the purpofes of this aft, as is hereby required.

, VII. And be it further enafted, That if the ftatement made to the faid commifTioners for executing the purpofes of this aft, contracts*" by any bodies politick or corporate, or companies aforefaid, for fuch Tales refpefting any fuch contrafts for fale or intended Tales as afore- are not fatis-faid, or the value of the eftate or eftates propofed to be fold, {hall f^ftory to the not be fatisfaftory to the faid commifTioners, it fhall be lawful e^Sejnnay for them to require fuch information to be given them refpefting require mfor-any matters or things relating to any fuch contrafts or Tales as mation on the they fhall deem necelTary, and to receive any affidavits or depofi- fubjVft, and tions to be made before any commiffioners or perfons who are	0’

or {hall be authorifed to take affidavits in caufes depending in any made before of the courts at Weftminfler, or before anyjuftice of the peace, commilTioners refpefting any fuch matters or things relating to any fuch con- taking traft or fale as aforefaid, which affidavits or depofitions any two one jhiitice of of fuch commiffioners, or any one juftice, or other perfon afore- the peace, faid, is and are hereby empowered to adminifter.

VJII. And be it further enafted, That the faid commiffioners Commiffion-to be appointed for the purpofes of this aft, fhall and may em- ^feT^ctary5 ploy a fecretary, and all fuch other officers and perfons as may officers, &c. be neceflary; and {hall and may, from time to time, at their difcretion, difmifs and difcharge fuch fecretary, or other officers and perfons, and appoint others in their place.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the The fabries lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or °f fecretary, more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to ^ces'of order and direft any fum or fums of money to be iffued and paid coJ^miffion-out of any aids or fupplies granted, or to be granted by parlia- ers, to be ment, for the fervice of the year in which fuch expences dial! be paid by the incurred, for the payment of {salaries to fuch fecretary and. officers,treaiui >’•

and

142

Land tax redeemed by bilhops, &c

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. [1798.

and for difcharging fuch incidental expences as fhall neceffarily be incurred by the faid commiffioners in the execution of this act, in fuch manner as the faid lords commifiioners, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer, fliall from time to time think fit and reafonable in that behalf.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any manors, mef-fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to any

to be in future bifhop or other ecclefiaftical corporation, fhall be fold in purfu-

conlidered an additional yearly rent, and the pre-fent and all future demifes, of the lands.

In cafe of failure of payment of inftalments by purchafers on fuch fales, the feller, his executors, fuc-ceffors, &c. fhall not be liable to any

ance of this act, the land tax redeemed thereby fliall be confider-ed as yearly rent payable to fuch bifliop or ecclefiaftical corporation, his and their fucceflors, over and above the referved rent if any, during the demife exifting at the time of fuch fale, and fhall be recovered and paid as fuch; and the land tax fo redeemed fhall, in all future demifes of fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, be added to the ancient and ac-cuftomed yearly rent referved or made payable during the terms granted by fuch demifes, and (hall be referved and made payable as fuch accuftomed yearly rent, during the terms to be granted as aforefaid, and (hall be recovered and recoverable as fuch accuftomed rent, by the like remedies as fuch bifhops or other ecclefiaftical corporations may ufe for the recovery of the ancient and accuftomed rent referved upon fuch demifes.

XI. And be it further enabled, That when on any fale of any ‘ manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments to be made by any fuch perfon, body, corporation, or company, by virtue of this act, it fhall be agreed, that the purchafe money fhall be paid by inftalments, and the purebafer or purchafers thereof fhall fail or neglect to pay any of fuch inftalments, or the intereft thereon, or any part thereof, into the bank, in the times ftipulated in the contract for the payment thereof, or in the manner required by this act, no fuch perfon, body, corporation, or company, nor the executors or adminiftrators of any

penalty im

Cleo! 35c!^6o- fuch Perf°n, nor the fuccefTor or fucceflors of any fuch body, [fee f. 96.100’corporation, or company, fhall be fubject or liable to any pe-and alfo f 79, nalty or forfeiture by the faid firft recited a£t impofed, in cafe of aft In 013 Hi all defaidt *n t^e trans^er °f anY °f inftalments agreed to be the lancTtax transferred on the contract entered into by fuch perfon, body, be revived ; corporation, or company, for the redemption of the land tax but all fuch charged on their manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or here-Pe^sfhall ditaments; nor fhall the land tax fo contracted for be revived or purchafe/and aga*n become chargeable on the manors, mefluages, lands, tene-1 ments, and hereditaments, whereon the fame was charged prior to fuch contract; but all fuch penalties and forfeitures fhall be paid, fuftained, and borne by fuch purchafer or purchafers, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns; and all the fubfequent inftalments of fuch purchafe money (hall be recoverable as a debt ta his Majefty upon record, againft him, her, or them, and againft his, her, or their eftates, goods, chattels, and effects.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no mines or minerals, or feams or veins of coal, metals, or other

profits

future inltal-ments recoverable as a debt from him to the King on record.

Mines, &c. fhall not pafs by conveyance

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 21.	*43

f>rofits of the like nature, belonging to any manors, meffuages, of hind fold, ands, tenements, or hereditaments, which fhall be fold by any ™nrga^r<?w~ bifbop or other ecclefiaftical corporation aforefaid, for the pur- h ^he^. pofe of redeeming any land tax, whether the fame fhall be are appendant opened or unopened, nor any right, title, or claim to open or to the land 5 work the fame, nor any advowfon, or right of patronage or spends prefentation to any living or ecclefiaftical benefice, or right of fUcMands* nomination to any perpetual curacy, fhall pafs by any convey- (hall remain ance of fuch manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or heredita- chargeable ments, either by exprefs or general words in fuch conveyance, thereon, although fuch advowfon, right of patronage, or prefentation or nomination may be appendant or appurtenant to fuch manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and fuch mines or minerals, feams or veins of coal, metal, or other profits aforefaid 5 and fuch advowfons, rights of patronage or prefentation, or nomination, fhall be always abfolutely excepted, and referved to fuch bifhops or other ecclefiaftical corporations aforefaid, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were in fuch conveyance exprefsly excepted and referved : provided alio. That no manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which now are or fhall be charged with the payment of any yearly fum or ftipend, to or for the ufe or benefit of any curate of any church, chapel, or ecclefiaftical benefice,

(hall be fold, freed, and difeharged from fuch yearly fum or ftipend, but the fame fhall be and remain fubjeit and liable thereto in like manner as if fuch fale had not been made.

XIII.	And be it further enaiied, That it fhall be lawful for Expences of the faid commiffioners, to be appointed for executing this ail, [owedh ^com to allow fuch cofts and expences, attending any fales to be made miffi0ners<out under their authority, as they fhall think reafonable, and to or-of the pur-der and direct that the fame fhall be paid and fatisfied out of the chafe money; purchafe money to arife from fuch fales, in like manner as is as direiled in and by the faid ait of the prefent feffion of parlia- ^^ ment, with refpeit to fales made under the authority of the commiffioners for executing the faid recited aits.

XIV.	And be it further enaited, That no deed or inftrument Deeds, &c* whatever, whereby any fale or mortgage or grant fhall be made in n° cafe to of or out of any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or here-ditaments, which fhall be fold or charged for the purpofe of OT1 fa]es by * railing money for the redemption of any land tax, by any fuch corporations* bodies politick or corporate, or companies aforefaid, fhall be liable to any ftamp duty whatever, although the confideration to be expreffed in fuch deed or inftrument fhall exceed the fum [1000I. f. 45.J limited by the faid laft recited a (ft.

XV.	And be it further enaited, That where any manors, In cafes of meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fhall be fold fo^redei^iin any bodies politick or corporate, or companies aforefaid, or by ]and tax 5 any perfon or perfons whatever, for the redemption of any land where the tax, under a contrail or agreement with the purchafer or pur- purchafe chafers thereof, that the purchafe money fhall be paid into the ™e0na^,jSnt0 bank of England, in not more than fix equal instalments, at notPmorethan

equal fix inftalments

Hosted by

Google

of filch money to the purchafer.

144	Annoregm	tricefimo nono GEORGii III. c. 21. [179S.

into the bank, equal periods from each other, and to be completed within the ^ear^th^ period of one year from the time of paying in the firft inftal-freaffiry^ay ment> then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for the afterpayment lords commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of of the firft them for the time being, at any time after payment of the firft inftalment, inftalment, to agree with the purchafer or purchafers of fuch rotors, mefliiages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purchafer for advance or loan to him, her, or them, of fo much moneyas the immediate (hall be fufficient for the immediate completion of the contract, completion^of UpQn fuch terms and conditions for fecuring the re-payment of o/a^re^with t^e principal money fo to be advanced, with lawful intereft any other per- for the fame, as the faid lords commiffioners of the treafury, or fon, See. for any three or more of them for the time being, (hall think rea-the advance fonable and juft, and as (hall be agreed to by fuch purchafer or purchafers ; or otherwife, it fhall be lawful for the faid lords commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, to contract and agree with any other perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, for the advance or payment into the bank of England, by fuch perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, on the behalf of fuch purchafer or purchafers, of fuch fum or fums of money as he, (he, or they, fhall defire to be advanced for the purpofes before mentioned, upon fuch terms and conditions as the faid perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, and the faid purchafer or purchafers, fhall refpe&ively agree upon.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all and every perfon or perfons for whom any fuch fum or fums fhall be advanced for the purpofe aforefaid, fhall enter into a fecurity for the re-payment of the fame, with intereft, by writing obligatory to our fovereign lord the King, in fuch fum or fums of money as fhall be dire£led by the faid lord commiftioners of the treafury, or by the corporations, companies, focieties, or perfons refpe&ively, advancing the fame as aforefaid, to be paid to our faid lord the King, by fuch form of words as obligations to the King’s majefty have been ufed to be made, and with fuch conditions to be thereunder written, as between the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or the parties advancing fuch fums of money, and the faid refpeeftive purchafers, fhall be agreed upon; and that all fuch obligations to be fo made fhall be good and effe&ual in the law, and fhall be of the fame quality, force, and efreift, to all intents and purpofes, as any obligation made to our fovereign lord the King, or his predeceftors, or any of them, hath at any time heretofore been, or now is, adjudged, received, or taken to be ; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding: provided alfo, That no obligation to his Majefty in purfuance of this a6t, fhall be liable to any ftamp duty whatever.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That if default fhall be made by any fuch purchafer or purchafers, his, her, or their heirs or affigns, in the re-payment of any fuch fum or fums of money which fhall be fo advanced, either by the faid lords commiffioners

Purchafers receiving fuch advance to enter into bonds to the King for repayment, with intereft.

Such bonds not liable to ftamp duties.

On failure in re-payment by the purchafer, the treafury, or other perfons

Hosted by Google

Annoregni trlcefimo nOno Georgii III. c. 21.	145

miffioners of the treafury, or by any other perfon or perfons, advancing the

bodies, corporations, or companies aforefaid, or of the intereft

thereon, or any part thereof, within the refpedlive times limited cafeg ^ thJ

by the faid obligations for the payment thereof, it (hall be lawful proper officer

for the faid lords commiffioners of the treafury, or the faid other of the crown

perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies aforefaid, vvho (hall	no^

have advanced fuch fums of money as aforefaid, and they arc	du°e

hereby refpedlively required, without further delay, to iflue his which thall^he

or their certificate or certificates, from time to time, to the pro- inferted in the

per officer of the crown having the management of proceedings ^nt)> ^nd the

upon obligations to his Majefty, requiring fuch officer or officers

perfonally to proceed againft the perfon or perfons making fuch from the

default, his, her, and their heirs, executors, and ad mini (Ira tors, purchafer by

for the recovery of fuch parts of the fums advanced as (hall be hich officer*

then due, together with intereft as aforefaid, and fuch cofts and the bank

charges attending fuch proceedings as (hall be bylaw payable for

the fame; the amount of which principal fums fo to be levied,

the laid commiffioners of the treafury, or fuch perfons, bodies,

corporations, or companies aforefaid, fhall caufe from time to

time to be teftified by their note in writing, under the hands of

any two or more of them, to fuch officer or officers, and which

fums (hall be inferted in the writ or procefs, and the like procefs

(hall and may from time to time iflue as aforefaid, as occafion

(hall require; and the fums fo recovered (the cofts and charges

aforefaid excepted) (hall be paid to the faid cafhier or cafhiers of

the bank of England\ without abatement, deduction, or delay,

in fatisfadlion of fuch demands.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That where on the pro-any proceeding (hall be diretfed under the authority of this aeft, duftion of no writ or writs of feire facias (hall be required to be iffued, but ^ucl1 that upon the production of the certificate or certificates of the of^he exche0** faid commiffioners as before-mentioned, before any of the barons quer, and on of the refpedtive courts of exchequer at Wejlminjler or in Scot- his fiat, an land, an extent (hall and may iflue in the firft procefs upon the ?*ten5 fiat of fuch baron, without any affidavit, or other verification or fjrft^nftance proof of the caufe of fuch proceeding, than fuch certificate or without other certificates as aforefaid.	procefs.

- XIX. And be it further enabled. That after the due payment On payment of the fums advanced, with intereft as aforefaid, every obligation of fuch money entered into in purfuance of this a<5t being fully fatisfied, accord-ing to the true intent and meaning of this a61, (hall be forthwith purchasers delivered up to be cancelled; and in cafe any luch obligation bonds lhall be (hall have been profecuted according to the directions of this a&, delivered up : the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of prof^ution^ them, fhall, by their warrant or warrants, diredl the proper fotis faction* officer or officers of the faid refpedtive courts of exchequer, to entered on enter up fatisfa&iort, on fuch obligation or obligations being fo record, fatisfied as aforefaid, upon the record, or otherwife to deliver up the fame to be cancelled, as the cafe may require.

XX. And be it further enabled, That fuch procefs as afore- Procefs may faid (hall and may lawfully iflue on any fuch obligation as aforefaid,

VoL. XLII	L	lands pur!

Purchafers receiving inch advance, to have, the full benefit of the land tax immediately

for redemption.

146 Anno regni tricefima n.ono Georgii III. c. 21. [1798.

chafed as all againft the manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or heredita-amTgoods^f ments’ t0 purchafed as aforefaid, and all other the manors, the purchafer. mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and alfo the goods, chattels, and effe6fs of fuch purchafer or purchafers, his, her, or their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, for the benefit of any fuch perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, his, her, and their heirs, fucceffors, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, who lhall, in puVfuance of any fuch agreement with the faid lords corn mi (boners of the treafury, advance or lend any fum or fums of money to fuch purchafer or purchafers as aforefaid.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That all and every perfon and perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, making any fuch fale or Tales, or contra£Is for any fuch fale or Tales, for the purpofe of redeeming their land tax, to whom fuch advance (hall be made, (hall, from and immediately after the regiftry of the

on reStemv contract for the redemption of land tax, have and enjoy the full the contracts benefit of the land tax which fhall have been contra&ed for, in the fame manner in all refpedls as if they refpe£lively had them-felves completed their contracts by the transfer of the whole confideration to be transferred thereon.

XXII.	And whereas, under and by virtue of an aft, pajfed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his pvefent Majejly, intituled, An a£t for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, all perfons having any Jhares or interejls in the new river, and in the Thames water works, and in Mary-bone and Hampftead water works, and alfo in any office or Jlock for infnring of houfes in cafe of fire, or in any lights, or in the Jlock or focks for printing of books in or belonging to the houfe commonly called The King’s Printing Houfe, and all companies of merchants in London, and the bank of England, and alfo the proprietors of the refpeftive water works within the town of Colchetfer, in the county of Effex, the city and county of Exeter, and the town of Shrewfbury, are liable to pay or to be affijfed towards the land tax charged upon England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, for their refpeftive Jhares and interefis aforefaid, and the aforefaid joint flock or flocks, and profits, in the manner in the faid aft mentioned; and doubts having arifen whether fuch perfon or perfons, companies or proprietors, can redeem the land'tax charged thereon, under or by virtue of the

Proprietors	herein	firjl recited aft: be it therefore enabled. That not-

rr^r	with (landing any thing in the faid firfl: recited a61, or in an a6t

paffed in the prefent feflion, intituled, An aft for continuing and granting to his 'Majejiy a duty on penfions, offices, and psrfonal ejlates, in England, Wales, and the town a/'Berwick upon Tweed, and ing Houle, and certatn duties on fugar, malt, tobacco, and fnuff,for the fervice of companies of the year one thouj'and feven hundred and ninety-nine, contained to merchants, the contrary thereof, it fhall be lawful for the faid commifiioners ana the bank, for the purpofes of the faid firfl: recited a61, to contracf and agree llifd 't'Z ua-1 C Wltk Per^ons> companies, or proprietors as aforefaid, refpec-dtr 38 Geo. lively, for the redemption of the tax charged by virtue of the faid a* 5c may, *	'	a61

the new river and other water works,

infarance offices, The King’s Print

Hosted by Google

1798*] Anno'regni tricefimo. nono Georg 11 III. c. 21. T47 upon fuch their refpe&ive {hares, interefts, joint {lock and notwithfland-ftocks, and profits aforefaid, or with any individual proprietors ^ thereof, either jointly or feverally, for fo much and fuch part or tftjs ^ifion, parts of the faid tax as fhall be equivalent to the fhare or {hares contract, coK of each individual proprietor, or any number of joint proprietors leftively or . (the amount of which land tax fhall be fettled and apportioned ^l^the^com by the laid commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid recited miffionerf5 un.T a<fts), and alfo for all or any of fuch perfons, companies, or pro- derjS Geo. 3. pri'etors refpeftively as aforefaid, either collectively or indivi- c. 60. for the dually,- or jointly or feverally, to contraft anc) agree with the the™wl^or°^ faid ■ commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid ftrft recited a<5t, an^ parf0f for the redemption of the whole or any part of fuch land tax, ac- the land tax, cording to the* affeffment and rate.made or to be made in purfu- according to^

by-the faid firft and fecondly* recited adts, and in and by this adt, b<:?xo~

/	^	^	*	*	*	nfr^tccl imme-

is directed with refpeCt to the land tax charged upon any nia- lately on the

nors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments ; and from jegiltry of the ■ and immediately after the regiftry-of the certificates of fuch con- certificates ot traCts, the refpeCtive fhares and interefts, joint fto.ck and ftocks, tbe contracts, and. profits, or the proportion thereof comprized in fuch contracts, fhall be wholly freed and exonerated from the tax charged thereon,'and from all further aflefTmems thereof, by virtue of the faid aCt of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to bis Majeffy by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain for the fervice of the year one tboufand feve'n hundred and ninety-eighty and alfo of the faid aCt of the prefent feftion of parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing and granting to his Majejiy a duty on penfionsy offices, and perfonal ejlatesy in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon T weed,

/and certain duties1 on fugary malty tobaccoy and fnufff for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred and ninety-nine y or either of them. ,

XXIII.	And be it further enaCled, That when the faid com- When the milfioners for the purpofes. of the faid recited aCls, in any county, commiffioners riding or place, fhall have in. their pofleffion copies of tap tfonofthe" refpedive' afieffments of land tax charged'upon the refpedbive land tax have pa fifties .or places in fuch county, riding/ or, place, and which injhetr puffball have been tranfmitted to them as true copies, by the clerks hellion to the commiffioners of land tax adding in and for any hundred, £ affeff-ward, lathe, wapentake, or other divifion, wherein fuch parifhes or rnents, tranf-' places'fhall be fituate, it fhail be lawful for the faid commiffioners mittedtothem for the purpofes of. this aCf, to contract and agree with any ^tt^[J ^ks perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, for the redemption of the land tax charged upon their refpeCtive manors, fioners, they meiTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, although no may contract certificate of the amount of fuch land tax fhall be produced and with ^perfons (hewn to them by. the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or ^npfton of companies, applying to redeem the fame, as by the faid firft their land tax

x. 2	recited	without their

Hosted by Google

a nee oft the faid adl, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to ms Mtijefly by^ a land taxy to be raifed in Great Britain for the fervice ^ f ^ and of the-iyear one< tboufand feven hundred and ninety-eighty upon the t.he Rock, fame terms and conditions, , and in the fame manner, as in and ffiares, &c.

14S	Anno	rcgni	tricefuno nono Georgn III. c. 21. [1798.

producing the recited a# is required: provided always, That fuch perfon or requfredb	Perf°ns> bodies, corporations, or companies, (hall, ten days at

f. 17.of 38	the leaft- before fuch contrail fhall be entered into, tranfmit to

<5eo 3.C. 60.: the clerk of the faid commiffioners, for the purpofes of the faid —But fuch recited a#s, fuch and the like fchedule or defeription in writing ten^daS °f an<^ every the faid manors, mefFuages, lands, tenements, or before making hereditaments, charged with fuch land tax, as is by the faid a#s the contract, required to be produced to the faid commiffioners of the land tax ; fend in a par- and the faid commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid a#s (hall tl^lands^* cau^e t0 ^n^ertec^ *n fu°b contrail the defeription of fuch manors, mefliiagcS, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, contained In fuch fchedule, and alfo a true copy of fuch afTefTment, fo far as relates to the refpedlive manors, mefFuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments contained in fuch fchedule, together with the amount of the land tax charged thereon, according to fuch copy of the afFefFment as fliall be in their poffeffion as aforefaid; and fuch contra# fo entered into as aforefaid, fhall, after the regiflry thereof, be as valid and effectual, to all intents and purpofes, as if a certificate of the amount of the land tax thereby contracted to be redeemed, had been produced and fliewn to the faid commiffioners in the manner required by the faid firft recited a#, XXIV. And be it further enacted, 1 hat in every cafe where the faid commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid recited acts, fliall not have in their poffeffion any fuch copies as aforefaid of the affeflments of land tax charged upon any parilhes or places, and fliall have demanded, or fliall caufe to be demanded, the fame from the clerk to the faid commiffioners of land tax, adting in their refpective divifions as aforefaid, which they are hereby

charged; which, with a copy of the alTeflment, fhall be in-ferted in the contra#.

Clerks to the land tax com-miflioners fliall, when required by the commiffioners for redemption, or whenever

any alteration authorifed and required to do, and alfo in every cafe where any i^the^lfelf^ a^terat*011	ma(^e by or under the authority of the. com-

ment within rniffioners of land tax, acting in or for any fuch divifions in the three days afleffments of land tax charged therein, then and in fuch cafe refpeftively the clerk to the faid commiffioners of land tax for the time being, make out having fuch alfeflmems in his cuftody, fliall, and he is hereby affeifment or1 required, within three days after fuch application (hall be made alteration,and to him by the faid commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid tranfmit them recited acts, or their clerk, and alfo within three days after any to the com- fuch alteration fliall be made in the afleffments as aforefaid, to make out a true copy, fairly written, and fublcribed by any two or more of them, of fuch aifeffinents fo made or altered, or of fo much thereof as fliall be fo altered, and deliver, or caufe to be delivered, fuch copies to the clerk to the faid commiffioners, for the purpofes of the faid recited a#s, in the county, riding, or place in which fuch divifion fliall be fituate, within the time before limited, or permit a copy thereof, or fuch parts thereof, as aforefaid, to be taken by the clerk to the faid commiffioners, for the purpofes of the faid a#s ; and in cafe the faid clerk to the commiffioners of land tax fliall refufe or negle# to make out and deliver fuch copies as aforefaid, or permit fuch copies to be taken as aforefaid, within three days after fuch application fliall be made to them by the faid commiffioners for the purpofes of the

faid

rniffioners for redemption ; or permit them to be copied by their clerk, on penalty of sol.-

Hosted by Google

1798.]' Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 21.	149

^aid recited a£ts, or by their clerk, or where any fuch alteration (hall be made in the affeffments as aforefaid, fhall refufe or negleft to make out and deliver a true copy of all fuch altered affeflrnents, or of fuch parts thereof as fhall be fo altered, within three days after fuch alteration fhall be made, he fhall, for every fuch refufal or negle£t, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in fuch manner as any penalty may, by the faid recited acts or either of them, be recovered.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further eoafted, That the 4-d. per chan-faid clerk to the faid commifiioners of land tax fhall, for every ^e^a^for0 fuch copy fo made out by him as aforefaid, be entitled to have fu(?h copies, and receive, for his trouble in making out the fame, upon application to the receiver general of the county, riding, or

place, or his deputy, and on production of a certificate oftwo or more of fuch commifiioners of land tax, acting for the division where fuch affeflrnents fhall have been made, after the rate of four-pence for every chancery (beet contained in fuch copy, reckoning every feparate amount of land tax fet down in figures or numbers in fuch copy as three words.	On receiving

XXVI.	And be it further enabled. That whenever any fchedulesot fchedule or defeription of any eftate fhall, for the purpofe of tax*of redeeming the land tax charged thereon, be tranfmitted in purfu- ^ich does ance of this a£t, fuch land tax not exceeding the fum of twenty-five not exceed pounds, the clerk to the commifiioners appointed for the re- *5!. the clerk demption and fale of the land tax, to whom fuch fchedule fhall be *°the rc~ delivered, fhall forthwith caufe an account to be tranfmitted to commifiioners the commifiioners for the affairs of taxes, of the amount of the fhall tranMs fums propofed to be redeemed; arid whenever fuch contract fhall an account be completed, the faid commifiioners, before whom fuch contract ofthe fhall be entered into, (hall caufe an account to be tranfmitted j^n^tax e to the receiver general of the county, riding, pr place in England, be redeemed: or to the receiver general in Scotland,\ of the name of the party, and when the the amount of the land rax, and the day or days for payment

of the confideration, which account the receivers general re- the com- 9 fpedtively fhall forthwith caufe to be tranfmitted to the com- miflioners

miflioners for the affairs of taxes, for the

information of the fhall tranfmit and the faid com-the Particu}a^

to the receiver

commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury;

miflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them for general> who the time being, are hereby empowered to diredf from time to foall fend the time, as there (hall be occafion, fufticient money to be advanced fame to the out of any pionfes in the hands of fuch receivers general re- tax pffice5 °n fpedtively, or out of any publick monies in the receipt of the treat’ury mav exchequer, applicable to the fupplies and fervices of the year, as order money to the faid commifiioners of the treafury (hall feem expedient, to be advanced to the commifiioners fpr the redu&ion of the national debt, ^om t’me to before or on-the refpedlive days appointed for the payment of J^ceiver gene-the fum payable on fuch contracts, for purchafe of fo much rai to the capital flock as would have been transferrable on fuch contradl commillioners by the party, in cafe the confideration for the redemption of his of the national or her land tax had been therein ftipulated to be transferred in ^ ^ t^°ie flacjc, yylpch fums fo to be advanced (hall be from time to feVeral days

L 3	time	of payment;

on the con trad, and which fhall

150	Anno	regal	tricefimo	nano	Georgii III. c. 21. [1798.

to be laid out time replaced by and out of the monies to be paid upon fuch'

contrail to fuch receivers general refpe&ively, and the flock fo

transferrable Purchafed fhall be placed in the name of the commiflioners for

the reduction of the national debt, for the ufes and purpbfes of

this a£l, and as if the fame had been purchafed by and with the

,	.	,	monies	paid	on	fuch	contrails,

be replaced	r

by the money payable on fuch contra<5ts to the receiver general.

Mode of af- XXVII. And be it further enaited, That from and after the certaining the pafling of this ail, the mode of afcertaining the current price

b1 thebanTk	be	as	f°fi°ws; that is to fay, From the time

viz From the w^en t^e books of the governor and company of the bank of

refpeitive times of opening the books for transfer of

England fhall be opened for the transfer of three per centum confolidated bank annuities, after the fifth day of 'January in every year, and until the books {hall be opened for the transfer of three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities, after the the 3 percent, fifth day of April in fuch year, and fo from time to time when confols to the the faid books fhall be opened for the transfer of three per centum confolidated annuities, after the fifth day of July in every year, until the books fhall*be opened for the transfer of three per centum reduced annuities, after the tenth day of October in fuch year, the calhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England (hall, and they are hereby required on Tuefday in every week, (the fame not being’a holiday, or being a holiday, then on the day preceding not being a holiday), to caufe an account to be made out of the average price at which the three pounds per centu?n confolidated annuities fhall have been bought on fuch day, (or otherwife on the following open day on which fuch flock (hail be bought, in cafe any flock fhall have been bought at the bank of England on fuch day), and fhall caufe the fame to be tranfmitted to the commiflioners for the of taxes ; and fo from time to time when the books fhall

fubfequent opening of the 3 per cent, reduced, the price ofthe confols to be returned to the tax office weekly; and vice verfa, from the r« ffietflive times ot opening the 3 per cent.

reduced to the fubfequent "

opening the aiTtiirS	^

confolst the be opened at the bank of England for the transfer of three per centum reduced annuities, after the fifth day of April in every

price of the 3 per cent, reduced to be fo returned, [fee 39 Geo. 3. c. 6. f. '

Perfons cutting down timber, with the approbation of the courts of

year, and until the books (hall be opened at the bank of England for the transfer of three per centum confolidated annuities, after the fifth day of July in fuch year, and fo from time to time when . ] the faid books (ball be opened at the faid bank of England for the transfer of three per centum reduced annuities, after the tenth day of QSiober. in every year, and until the books (ball be opened for the transfer of three per cetitum confolidated annuities, after the fifth day of January next enfuing, the faid cafhier or cafhiers fhall, and they are hereby required to tranfmit to the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, fuch and the like account of the average price of three per centum reduced annuities, as is herein-before direiled to be tranfmitted of the average price of three per centum confolidated annuities.

XXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That where any perfora or perfons, who by the faid firft recited ait is or are empowered, with the approbation of the court of chancery in England, or of the court of feffion in Scotland, to cut down timber for the

‘s	rederrtption

Hosted by

Google

i7$$-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii IIL c. 21.	151

redemption of the land tax charged on any manors, meffuages, chancery or lands, tenements, or hereditaments, {hall have entered into any ^demotion1 ° contraft or contracts, or {hall at any time hereafter, before the of their land firfl day of May one thoufand eight hundred, enter into any tax, [fee38 contraft or contrafts for the redemption of the land tax charged Geo, 3. c. 60, on fuch manors, melTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, ^otmake6 or (hall have made, or {hall hereafter, before the faid firfl: day good their of May one thoufand eight hundred, make fuch application to firflinftalfnent the court of chancery in England, or to the court of feffion in tJ^ ^ay 1, Scotland, as in the faid aeft is direfted to be made, and as the cafe	m^n^ye

may-require, and {hall obtain, or {ball have obtained, an order be or diredlion of fuch court for the felling and cutting down fuch paid within quantity of timber as may be deemed necefTary for the re- three years demption of the land tax propofed to be redeemed (a certificate of which order or direcStion fhall be indorfed on the contract by confideratioa the regifler or other proper officer of fuch court), then and in may be every fuch cafe it fhall not be 'necefTary to pay or transfer any transferred part of the confideration for fuch redemption, until the firfl: day *n advance* of May one thoufand eight hundred, although it (hall have been or may be Aipulated in the contraft., that the whole, or the firfl inftalment of fuch confideration, (hall be transferred on or before any day prior to the firfl day of May one thoufand eight hundred: provided always, That the whole amount of the capital flock agreed to be transferred in fuch contract fhall, in every fuch cafe as lafl aforefaid, be transferred to the commif-fioners for the reduction of the national debt, within the period of three years from the .firfl day of May one thoufand eight hundred : provided alfo, That it fhall be lawful to ftipuiate for the payment or transfer of the whole of the faid confideration at any one time, or by inflalments, within a lefs period than three years, or to pay or transfer the whole, or any part thereof in advance, in fuch manner, in all refpefts, as in the faid feveral recited afts is mentioned.

XXIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That notwith-ftanding any thing in the faid firfl recited aft contained, or in the order or direction of any fuch court to the contrary thereof, the land tax which {hall be redeemed by the monies arifing from merge in the the fale of any timber cut down under the authority of either of fuch courts refpeftively, {hall, when all the inflalments (hail be redemptioner completed, fink and become merged in the manors, meffuages, declares his lands, tenements, and hereditaments whereon the fame was option to be charged, for the benefit of the perfon or perfons tor the time ^ f^tfnp°of being beneficially entitled to the rents and profits thereof, unlefs a pUrchafer; the perfon or perfons contracting for the redemption of fuch in which cafe land tax, fhall have declared his, her, or their option to be con- it fhall con-fidered on the footing of a purchafer thereof, in which cafe the land tax fo redeemed fhall be and continue attendant upon the eftate in the eftate and intereft of the perfon or perfons for the time being fame manner beneficially entitled to the rents and profits of the faid manors, a& if it had meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in like manner as

l 4	in

Land tax redeemed by fuch fale of timber fhall

been redeemed by fale of* -

ing, and fale of timber, to be p id out of the pur-chafe money* 38 Geo. 3. c. 60. f. II,

152	Anno regni tricefimo nono Geougii III, c. % 1, [1798.

lands [fee in thefaid firft recited ad is dire&ed in cafes where the land Geo 3^c 60 taX	have ^een rec^med by the fale of any manors, mef-

eo. 3. . o. fua^es^ )anc]s^ tenements, or hereditaments under the laid ad: ^f^he^uT^ Prov^ec^ alfo. That it (hall be lawful for fuch courts refpedively keying, fell- t0 t^rder and direct that the cofts and fexpences in the furveying, valuing, and felling fuch timber, or otherwife on account of fuch fale thereof, (hall be paid and faiisfied out of the purchafe monies for the fame.

XXX.	And whereas, under and by virtue of thefaid firft recited aft) all perfons, bodies, corporations, and companies, having any eftate or intereft in, or being fubftitute heirs of entail entitled in their recited, [and order to fucceed to any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or here-c^3 f 3 ditaments, (except tenants at rack rent, and others in the faid ad Where con- particularly excepted ), are entitled, after the refpeCtive times limited by tra&s for	f1'^	a^lf	for	preference to yerfons having le fie hold or other

redemption particular cjlates in pojfeffion, or ejlates in remainder, reverfion, or lball be made, expectancy, to contract for the redemption of the land tax charged on after March jucfo their manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by perfons which /hall not have been fold under the powers of the faid aCt, but having any no provifion is made for the payment or transfer of the confder at ion abfolute eftate fry infialrnents except in certain cafes, be it therefore enabled, -*■ 'j'hat where any contrad (hall be entered into for the redemption of any land tax, at any time after the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundered and ninety-nine, by any. perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, having any abfolute

or eltate of inheritance, or after June *5> * 799> by perfons hav-

i	!	7	  7----I	7	-•	 1-------r	O	J	-----

wg anyieaie- eftatej

or eftate of inheritance, in the manors, mefluages, lands.

hold or particular eftate in polTeflion or reverfion, the firlt inftal-ment of the confideration

tenements, or hereditaments, whereon fuch land tax fhall be charged, or where any fuch contrad fhall be entered into after the twenty-fifth day of fune one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, by any perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, having any leafehold or other par-? (or the whole ticular eftate in poftefiion, or any eftate in reverfion, remainder, if paid at or expectancy, in fuch manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, once) fhall be or hereditaments as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch cafe, the on the^quar- ^rft inftalment, or the whole of the confideration for fuch re-ter day [fee 38 demption (in cafe the fame fhall be agreed to be transferred at Geo 3.C.60. one time) fhall be transferred or paid on or before fuch of the en*uin °the quarterty days *n the faid firft recited ad mentioned, for the tranf-contract: C !er °f tbe confideration upon contrads for redemption, as (hall and where the next happen after the day of entering into the contrad; and firft inftalment upon all fuch contrads where the firft inftalment of fuch fliallbe	confideration (hall be payable or transferable on or at any

tnmsferrable t^me before the firft day of February one thoufand eight before Feb. t, hundred and one, the whole amount thereof (hall be paid or 1801, the transferred, and all the fubfequent inftalments thereon corn-whole fhall pleted and made good by equal inftalments at equal intervals, fou^yeartT vv,t;b‘n the period of four years, to be computed from the firft from May 1, day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine ; and 1799 i and upon all fuch contrads, where the firft inftalment of fuch where the firft confideration (hall not be payable or transferable till after the udla ment faid jay 0p February, one thoufand eight hundred and one, 4

the

Hosted by Google

1798*] Annoregnitricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 21.	153

the whole 'amount thereof (hall be paid or transferred, and all (hall be pay-the fubfequent instalments thereon completed and made good by able or tranf-equal inftalments at equal intervals, within the period of two years from the time of transferring or paying fuch firft inftalment as Jaft the 'wh0ie * aforefaid.	^	(hall be paid

within two years from the time of making the firft initalment-

XXXI.	And be it further enadlcd, That where any contrail On contracts (hall be entered into for the redemption of any land tax, at any

time after the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven March 25, hundred and ninety-nine, then, and in every fuch cafe, the manors, 1799, the mefTuages, lands,, tenements, and hereditaments, the land tax Ian is (hall be whereof (hall have been fo contracted for, (hall be charged and	froSt

chargeable wirh fo much land tax as (hall have accrued and become t^e' Ladyday payable after the twenty-fifth day of March, prior to the making preceding fuch contrail, up to the end of the quarter next immediately con trad, preceding the day of the,transfer of the firft inllalment agreed to be transferred on fuch contrail, and (hall only be exonerated immediately from fuch land tax from the end of fuch quarter.	preceding the

XXXII.	And be it further enailed, That no contrail entered fir** inftal-i-nto after the palling of this ad, for the redemption of any ment* land tax, nor the amount of land tax redeemed thereby, fhall in No con trad any wife be impeached, affeited, or altered by the judgement or for rtdemp-determination of the commiilioners on any appeal from the ^fter the ^ alTeffment by which fuch land tax (hall have been charged, paifing this whether fuch appeal fhall have been made prior or fubfequent a£t, (hall be to any proceedings had, under the faid recited ails for the purpofe impeaehed or of entering into fuch contract, but fuch appeal fhall be decided

wholly between fuch other parties charged by fuch afiefTment as any appeal fhall not have entered into any fuch contract, and in the fame agaimt the manner as if the contract fo entered into had been completed allellrnent. before the making or determining fuch appeal; and everX jf tax contrail fo entered into fhall fland good, and the land tax contracted for redeemed thereby (hall be confidered as if no fuch appeal had (hall have been made from fuch afTeffment.	been reduced

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enailed, That if before

fuch land tax fo contrailed for (hall have been reduced in its amount the^ompie-

by any affeflment made within three years preceding the time of tion of the

completing fuch contrail, fuch land tax fhall then remain liable contract, it

to berevifed and altered fin the fame manner as if fuch contract maY be rev i fed ,	.	,	.	.	>	...	,	and altered on

had not been completed) by any determination on any appeal appeal within

which fhall be made and determined in one year next after the one year

completion of fuch contract.	after fuch

XXXIV.	And be it further enacled, That all and every the completion, provifions of this ail fhall, in the execution of the faid recited Former aifts aits, be ufed and applied, and continued in like manner as if ^^conlhued the fame provifions were fpecially enailed in the faid ails ; and together.

all and every the provifions of the faid recited aits fhall, in the execution of this ait, except where the lame are thereby ex* prefsly varied, be ufed and applied, extended and conftrued, in like manner as if the fame provifions (except as aforefaid) were fpecially enabled in this ait.

XXXV. And

Hosted by Google

154

Affidavits may be made before commifiioners for taking affidavits 3 and persons whole affidavits are required to be produced to the redemption-comnuf-fionevs may be examined by them on oath initead.

' Aft may be altered or repealed this ielTion.

Form of

certificate of Contract.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgxi III. c* 2 r. [1798:

XXXV.	And be it further enabled, That any affidavit or

affidavits required or vauthorifed to be made by the /aid recited acts, may be made before any commiffioners or perfons who are or (hall be authorifed to take affidavits in caufes depending in any of the courts at Wejimtnjler^ jas well as before the perfon or perfons before whom the fame are, by the faid fir ft recited abl, directed to be made; and it fhall be lawful for the laid commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid aQs to take fuch affidavits, and they are hefeby indemnified againft ail perfons whomfoever, and againft all penalties, for having received before the paffing of this aeft, any affidavit or affidavits made before any fuch commiffioners or perfons as aforefaid, and the fame lhall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been made before them after the paffing of this act: provided alfo. That in all cafes where any affidavit or affidavits is or are by the faid fir ft recited a £t directed to be made and ffiewn to the faid commiffioners, the examination of the perfon or perfons, by whom any fuch affidavit or affidavits is or are directed to be made by and before the faid commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid acf, upon oath or affirmation, to he adminiftered in the manner therein directed, fhall be as valid and effectual for the purpofes of the faid a61, as if the affidavit or, affidavits thereby required had been made, and produced and Ikwn to th$ faid commiffioners.	-	;

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted. That this abl, or any of the proviiions thereof, may be-altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or a bis to be palled 'in this prefent feffion of parliament.

XXXVII.	And be it further enabled, That the form of every certificate of contract to be made after she paffing this abf fhall be in the manner following :

* TV NOW all men, That we	two	of	the com-

miffioners appointed for the purpofes of an ab£, intituled, Jn act for making perpetual, fubject to redemption and pur chafe in the manner therein fated, the fever al finis of money now charged' in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eighty for the do hereby certify, that we have contracted and agreed with	for	the redemption by him [her or

them, as the cafe may require], of	land	tax, being

the land tax charged upon the [here infer manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or fetch of them as the cafe may require,] herein-after deferibed, videlicet; [here deferibe the premifes as from the fchedule delivered by the party], and which premifes are affeffed in the afleflment made for the of	in	the	of	for	the

year	as follows, videlicet; [here inferi the defeription

of the efiaie and amount of land tax ps in the affejfment; and ivhere different parcels affeffed in different fiums arc to be included in the

fame

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regm tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.	1	$$

fame contract, enumerate each parcel, and the amount of land tax charged on each]: \	*

And the confideration for the redemption of fuch. land tax,' if the fame is to be transferred in flock, fhali be exprefted as in the (aid firfl recited a6t is diretfted; and if in money, according to the current price of flock, as in the faid fecondly recited acd is dire&ed.

C A P. XXII.

An aft for extending the time for returning fatements under an aft^ pa [feel in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An acl to repeal the duties impofed by an a61, made in the laft feflion of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecutioa of the war ; and to make more effectual provifion fpr the like purpofe, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties; and to amend the faid aft*— [March 21,1799.]

WHEREAS it may be expedient to extend the time for the Preamble.

delivery of lifts and fatements of income to the refpeftive djfejfrs, in purfuance of an aft, paffed in the prefent feffton of parliament, intituled. An a6l to repeal the duties impofed by an 39 eo* 3* a£f, made in the lafl feffion of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war; and to make more efFedlual provihon for the like purpofe, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties; and to explain and amend the faid aft; be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, -p|mefor and by the authority of the fame, That the period of fourteen making redays for making the return of any lifts or ftatements of income, turns of or other matters in the faid a6t mentioned, after delivery of ftatements, in notices for that purpofe, fhali in all cafes where fuch notices noticed fhali have been delivered previous to the palling of this a6f, be delivered and is hereby extended until and upon the fifth day of April one (under f. 38* thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; and that every perfon 39\ot the who ought to make a return of fuch lifts and ftatements, and ^for^the who (hall have omitted or (hall omit to return the. fame within parting of this the period required by the faid recited a61, who, before or on the act, extended expiration of the faid fifth day of April as aforefaid, fhali make to April 5* a return of fuch lifts and ftatements as by the faid recited a£f is required, (hall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and dif-charged, from and againft all penalties and forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred for or by reafon of fuch omiffion ; and every fuch return made within the time limited by this a& fhali be of the like force and effedt as if the fame had been made within the time limited by the faid recited a£h

II. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for any Returns of perfon or perfons required to return any lifts and ftatements of income under the faid recited a£t to deliver under cover, fealed anrt of *

up, intended

Hosted by

Google

payments thereon may be delivered under cover, fealed up to the afleii'ors: penalty on afTefifors opening, or fufifering the fame to be opened, before they are delivered to the com -

156 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

up, fuch part of fuch returns as relates to the ftatement of the amount of the fum or fums intended to be paid by fuch perfon or perfons in refpeft of the income of fuch perfon or perfons, or of any infant, idiot, lunatick, married woman, or other perfon, on whofe behalf fuch perfon or perfons fhall be required to return any fuch ftatement; which return under cover fealed up, and fubferibed with a declaration that the fame contains the ftatement of the perfon or perfons whofe name or names is or are figned thereto, fhall be delivered within the period hereinbefore, or in the faid aft limited, to the afleflor or afleiTors to whom fuch ftatement ought to be delivered according to the direftions of the faid aft, and fhall be as effeftual as if the fame miffioners, n6t bad been returned to the afleflor qr afleflors in the manner exceeding io\. hefted by the faid aft; and if any afleflor (hall open, or caufe, or procure, or permit, or fuffer to be opened, any cover containing any fuch ftatement fo delivered, fealed and fuperfcribpd as aforefaid, or -fhall negleft to take fuch due care of any ftatement delivered to him as aforefaid, as that any fuch ftatement, or cover thereto, fealed up as aforefaid, fhall be opened by any perfon or perfons after the fame fhall have been delivered to fuch afleflor, and before the fame fhall be delivered by fuch afleflor to the clerk to the commifjioners for the purpofes of the faid aft, as is in the faid recited aft is direfted, or that the fame fhall not be kept fo fealed as aforefaid, and delivered, without having been in any way opened, to the clerk to fuch commifiioners as aforefaid, every fuch afleflor fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence, any fum not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the faid recited aft : provided always. That all lifts and returns to be made by any fuch perfon or perfons under the faid recited aft, of the name or names of any lodgers or inmates, or any perfon or perfons whatever, of whofe incomes or place of refidencc any lift or return ought to be made, and all notices of the intention of fuch perfon to be charged to the duties granted by the faid aft

Return of names of lodgers and others chargeable, or of notices of being charged elfewhere, or by commercial com-

miHioners, to at any other place of refidence, or of being charged thereto by any commercial commifiioners, (hall be delivered open to fuch affeflbr or afleflors in the manner direfted by the faid aft.

III. And whereas difficulties may arife in the execution of the faid aft of the prefent feffion of parliament, refpefting the qualification of commffioners to be chofen under the authority of the faid aft in certain places: be it therefore enafted, That fo much of the faid aft as requires the qualification, confifting wholly of perfonal eftate, of any perfon to be a commiflioner for the purpofes of the faid aft for any city, borough, town, or place in Great Britain, fuch city, borough, town, or place, not being a county of itfelf, to be of the value of ten thoufand pounds, or as prescribes the* qualification of any perfon to be a commiflioner for the purpofes/ of the faid aft, or a commiflioner for hearing and determining appeals for any county at large in Great Britain, as far as refpedts the counties herein-after mentioned, fhall be, and the fame i$ hereby repealed

IV. And

be delivered open to the aiftfiTors.

Certain qualifications in f. 23. of the former act repealed.

Hosted by

Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.	157

IV,	And be it further enafted, That no perfon (hall be ca- Qualification pable of afting as a commiflioner for the purpofes of the faid aft,

within and for any city, borough, town, or place, in Great Bri- tjeSj &.c> not~ tain, other than cities, boroughs, towns, and places, being refpec- being coun-tively counties of themfelves, by virtue of any qualificatiomcon- ties, in per-fifting of perfonal eftate in the whole or in part, unlefs the fame, fonaI eftate, if confining wholly of perfonal eftate, {hall be of the value of that°amourn, three thoufand pounds, or fhall, together with his own eftate, including confifting of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, be of the faid lands, &c. value of three thoufand pounds, (fuch value to be in fuch laft- ^er at in^f * mentioned cafe eftimated as by the faid aft is direfted in refpeft 0£c< I2* of qualifications confifting of perfonal eftate, and alfo of eftate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments), under the penalty that every perfon afting without the qualification in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as in the faid act is mentioned, or the qualification required by this aft, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered as the like penalty may be recovered by the faid recited aft.	Qualification

V.	And be it further enafted, That no perfon (hall be capable ^onersTnd of afting as a commiflioner for the purpofes of the faid aft, or as commiffioners a commiflioner for hearing and determining appeals within or for of appeal in the county of Monmouth, or any of the counties at large within Monmouth-the dominion of Wales, or in that part of Great Britain called Unties in * Scotland, unlefs he (hall be poflefted of a perfonal eftate of the Wales and like value, or be feifed or poflefted of eftate in lands, tenements, Scotland, (hall or hereditaments of the like nature, and of three fifths of the value be s-jths of as is required as the qualification of a commiflioner for the pur- other pjofes of the faid aft, or of a commiffioner for hearing and deter- counties at mining appeals refpeclively within and for any other county at large; by f. 33. largein Great Britain, under the penalty in the faid aft contained, °^c-

for afting without the qualification therein required in fuch cafes. Mafter of the

VL And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the h°^ebold, mafter of his Majefty’s houfehold, the firft clerk of the houfehold, officers who the clerk of the kitchen, and the feveral other officers, who, by aft as corn-virtue of their offices, have heretofore afted or may aft in execu- miffioners of tion of the aft pafled in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Ma- [he^l^bert^of jefty’s reign, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, in the the palace^ liberty of the palaces of Whitehall and Saint cJa7nes's, to aft, by vir- may aft it/ t'ue of their faid offices, in the execution of the faid firft-mentioned the execution aft, as far as relates to any afleflment to be made by virtue thereof	a<^

on any perfon or perfons within the faid liberty, without any fpe- jatcg toa(Te(T-cial appointment for that purpofe; and that no other qualification ments under fhall be required of any fuch officers, who (hall aft in the execu- c. 13. without tion of the faid firft-mentioned aft, by virtue of their faid offices, a^yotberqua-than the poflfeflion of fuch refpeftive offices and places; and that th^pofTeffion11 no fuch officer fhall be liable to any penalty inflifted by the faid of their offices firft-mentioned aft, for afting in the execution thereof as aforefaid. Appeals to be* without being poflefted of any other tfualification than fuch offices made from refpeftively; provided that all appeals froth fuch laft*mentioned ^em t° the commiflioners (hall be heard and determined before the commif- ofTpreatefo? fioners of appeals appointed for the county of Middlefex.	Middlefex.

VII.	And

Hosted by Google

i58

Commif-

iloners for the inns of court, Sec. to be fe-lebted by the

appeals to be made to the commiffioners of appeal for London and Midalefex.

Commiffioners for the uni verities to be of the degree of M.A. or LL.B. and mailers or fellows of Colleges red-' dent therein; fuch degrees, See. to be a fufficient qualification.-

Anno regni tricefimanono GeorgilUI. c. 22. [17980

VII. And be it further enabled, That the commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid firft-mentioned, abl, to be appointed for the feveral inns of court and chancery in' London and Middlefexy (hall be feledled and nominated by the refpeblive benchers for benchers: and the time being, having the fuperintendance of the faid focieties of the refpeblive focieties thereunto belonging, or the major part of them prefent at any meeting to be fummoned by the refpeblive treafurers of thofe focieties for the time being; provided that all appeals from the inns of court and chancery (hall be heard and determined by the refpeblive commiffioners of appeals to be appointed, under the faid a61, for London and Middlesex refpebiively.

VIII. And be it further enabled, That every commiffioner to be appointed for the refpeclive univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge fhall be of the degree of mailer of arts, or bachelor of laws, or fome higher degree, and (hall be a mailer or fellow of a college or hall there, and refident therein; and that no other qualification (hall be required of any fuch lati--mentioned commiffioners, who fhall abl in the execution of the faid abl, by virtue of their degrees and promotions in fuch univerfities and colleges, than the poflef-fion thereof refpebiively, and residence there as aforefaid ; and that no fuch mailer or fellow, refident as aforefaid, fhall be liable to any penalty inflibled by the faid foil-mentioned abl for abling in the execution thereof as aforefaid, without being poffiefTed of any other qualification than fuch degrees and promotions-as aforefaid. in fpi - IX. And be it further enabled. That, for the purpofes of the and each of** -faid firft- mentioned act, the- franchife or liberty of the Ijle of Efyy and every of the cinque ports, fhaft be confide-red in the fame re-fpebl as a city or town, being a^coUnty of itfelf, is by the laid abl con fide red, and that the fame qualification, and" n6 other, fhall be .required for a icommiiiipner for the faid purpofes in fuch franchife or liberty,, and in every fuch cinque port-; and the appointment of fuch commiffioner ftiaihbernade'in like manner for fuch. franchife or liberty, or every fuch cinque port, as is required to he a Sunder dire bled by *the :fa-id-abl'in refpebl ©f fuch commiffioner for i, 'Oi c. 13. any city or town in Gfeat Britain being a county efHtfelf; pro-' / "	■'*	added that all appeals-from fuch lad-mentioned commiffioners fhall

-	, heard ahd determinedibefore the commiffioners of appeals'ap-

_ •	pointed,	for	the county at large vvherein fdch cinque poft fsdituate.

arat^com* X. And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the imffiontrs° * refpeblive perfons’ empowered to chufe commiffioners for the maybechofen purpofes of the faidffirft recited abl, for any city, borough, cinque for each ward, port., : liberty, town, or place,> where feparate commiffioners of affeffed taxes (hall have ufuatly abled in the feveral wards, pal commiffioners rilhes, or divisions thereof, in the execution of former abls, toehufl of taxes have commiffioners, for the purpofes of the faid recited^ablj for each fuch ward, parifh, or divifion, in like manner as they are empowered by the faid recited abl to ehufe commiffioners fol each divifion of a county or riding.	4

XI. And be it. further enabled, That in every place where commiffioners commercial commiffioners (hall be appointed under the faid ffiall be ap. firft recited abl, the affiftants to fuch commercial commiffioners

(hall

,The liberty of

the cinque , ports, to be con (id ered as a city being a‘ county; and _ the qualification and a jp-pointmkffit'of cdtflrmfii oners

ufually abted.

Affiilants to commercial

Hosted by Google

179S-] Anno regni trrcefimo nemo Georgii III. c» 22.	*59

ihall be named and appointed by fuch perfons refpedively who	™	^

are authorifed to appoint fuch commercial commiffioners.	who\ppoiot~

XII.	And be it further enaded, That in eftimating the value c'om. of perfonal elate required for the qualification of a commiffioner rruifioners under the laid firft recited a£1, the interefi: or dividend of any Xntereft or di-publick (lock or fund to the amount of four pounds per annum, vidend ot ihall be confidered as equivalent to one hundred pounds of per- ^ock t[:ie

i r r ^ ,	r	V \ r r * amount Ot

tonal ettate, and <0 after that rate lor any greater or lels (urn. 4p perann.

to be taken as iool. perfonal efcate, in refped to qualification for comaiilfioners#

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That all appeals from the ^	^

commiffioners to be appointed for the county of the city of York the c'ty of° (hall be heard and determined by the commiffioners of appeals York to be to appointed for the north riding of the county of York; and all .appeals the commif-from the commiffioners to be appointed for the county of the ^orlet? °f aP-

^ *	J	rvpp I	f	kp

city of Briftol (hall be heard and determined by the commiffioners riding-of appeals for the county of Gloucester.	.	A. and thole, tor

Briltol to the commifficncrs for Gleuceflerflute.

XIV. And be it further enaded, That every, perfon who (half, Perfons in-under and by virtue of the laid, firft-mentioned adr have fignified,fen<^ng to be or Ihall hereafter fignify his or her intention to be aflefled by the commercial ' commercial commiffioners appointed or to be appointed under the commiffioners laid firfl-mentioned ad, in the manner thereby directed, (hall, on fhall, (before or before the thirtieth day of Marchone. .thou fend feven hundred March 30, and ninety-nine, in cafe commercial commiffioners (hall be then appointed for the didrid within which fuch perfon (hall refide, or appointed, etherwife within ten days after fuch appointment, and in every if not within fubfequent year on or before the thirtieth day of March in fuch ten days after year, deliver a flatement of his or her income, made according to the diredions of the faid ad, to fuch commercial commif- miflioners). fioners, of to the perfon appointed.or authorifed in manner di- and,annually, reded by the faid ad to receive the fame; and fuch commif- before March, fioners, or fuch perfon as aforefaid, ■ (hall thereupon give to the ftatemert^f ‘ perfon or perfons delivering fuch ftatement, or to the perfon at- their "income tending on his, her, or their behalf, a certificate under the hand to fuch com-of any one or more of fuch. ,copn mi (fioners, or under the hand of mi. ill oners ;

who (hall thereupon

the perfon fo appointed and authorifed by them-, an aforefaid, of the delivery or his, her, or -theirTcatement* according to the di- o-iv^critifi-redions of the faid ftrfl-mentioned ad, .which,certificate ihall, cate of within three days after -the ‘delivery thereof,- be ibewn and pre- fuch delivery, fented to the afleffors, or ope of them, of the diftrid in which he,

(he, or they (hall have fignified his, her, or their intention of be- days' be uVo-ing aflefled as aforefaid, who (hall endorfe thereon that the fame duced to the hath been, and the time when the fame was, fo (hewn and pre- afifdor of the fented to him or them; and every perfon who.(hall neglect to de- (p.q^fndorfe liver fuch ftatement, and to tranfmit fuch certificate, in the manner t!‘e pame; per-and within the time herein-before direded, (hall be chargeable, and fons negled-(hall be aflefled for his or her income by the commiffioners for the big to-deliver purpofes of the faid acl, appointed for the diflrid within which ^uch ^ate* fuch perfon (hall refide, as if fuch perfon had not returned his or transit the her intention of being aflefled by fuch commercial .commiffioners certificate to as aforefaid; and every fuch perfon who (hall negied to deliver the affiffiors,

fuch jhali bc aflc,r-by the general

Hosted by

W L/ A±i

Google

coi£nii:l:untifr

Notices flinll be delivered by afftffors to perfons chargeable as loon as pof-fible after Feb. 5, in each future year. Certain parts of f. 106. and 109. of c. 13. (requiring commercial

160 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

ftatement> or tranfmit fuch certificate in manner aforefaid, rot exceeding whet^er fuch afi*eflment fhall have been made or not, (hall for-20^	*	feit a fum, not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds, to be re-

covered as any penalty may be recovered under the faid firft: -mentioned adt.

XV.	And^ to the end that in every fubfequent year fufficient time may he given for making fuch-returns and ajfejfments, be it further enabled, That the refpedfive commifiioners for the purpofes of the faid firft-mentioned adl (hall, as foon after the fifth day of February in every fuch year as can conveniently be done, iffue their inftrudlions, directions, and warrants, to the refpedfive affeffors, in order that fuch afteffors may forthwith deliver notices to the refpeclive parties required to make fuch returns by the faid adl, and that fuch returns may be delivered in time for the making fuch affeffments.

XVI.	And be it further enacted. That fo much of the fafd firft recited act as requires the commercial commifiioners, ap-

.......... pointed under the faid adi, to tranfmit the counterparts of certifi-

commiflioners cates iffued of fums a fie (Ted by them to thecafhier of the governor to tranfmit and company of the bank of England, or to any receiver general, in of their cei*tS manner	by the faid adl, and alfo fo much of the faid adt

tificates to the as refluires calhier of the bank of England, or any receiver bank, &c. and general, to tranfmit to any commifiioner or commifiioners any the bank, &c. account of fums of money paid on account of any inftalment fudTcomlt t0 °r ^n^a^ments to	under	that	adf, and the refpedtive

milfionerran nurnbers and letters to which any fums remaining unpaid fhall reaccount of fpe&ively relate, and alfo fo much of the faid adt as relates to the fums paid and granting certificates of payments by the calhier of the bank of to grant certi- England, or fuch receivers general, or their deputies relpedtively, pealed	be, anc* t^ie ^ame are hereby repealed.

XVII.	And be it further enadted, That all perfons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, and focieties, affefied by the commercial commifiioners appointed for the city of London and its vicinity, in the faid fiift-recited adt mentioned, and all perfons, bodies, corporations, fraternities, and focieties, affefied by any

may paytheir other commercial commifiioners, fhall and may pay to the ca-affeffments fhier of the bank of England, their feveral and refpedtive fums into the bank, affeffed, either in the whole, or any fuch proportion as they fhall fnfbdmertsm	f° ^iat the amount required by the faid firft recited adt to

due time'; an he paid hv inftalments fhall not be in arrear after the days fixed by the faid adt for the payment thereof; and thecafhierof the bank of England fhall, upon the receipt of any fuch fum or fums of money, enter the lame in the manner directed by the faid adt, and fhall, on demand from time to time, permit copies of the entries fo made to be taken by fuch perfon as fhall be appointed to take ed to be taken the fame by the refpedtive commercial commifiioners, who fhall

cmlCcommifii ^aVe a^e^e(* l^e ^ums Pai(^ as aforefaid; and if fu°h commif-

oners,who on fioners fhall, upon reference to their private books, find that any

finding by re- fums fo afieffed are in arrear and unpaid after the time fixed by

ference to the- faid adt for the payment thereof, fuch commifiioners fhall their own	pro.

Perfons afieffed by commercial com-miflioners, in London or ellewhere,

account of which payments fhall be kept at the bank, and copies allow-

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii IfT. c. 22.	161

proceed for the recovery thereof in like manner in every refpedl books that

as is dire&ed for the recovery of like arrears by the faici a<51.	^ fum is

J	J	in arrear, may

proceed for recovery of the fame as under f. 109. of c. 13.

XVIII.	And be it further enacfed, That in cafe any perfon or Perfons in-perfons engaged in trade or manufacture, and intending to be tending to be aflefled by any commercial commiffioners, appointed under the ^^ercial faid firft recited acft, for any city, town, or place, (except commiffioners the city of London and its vicinity), {hall alfo intend to pay inthecountry, his, her, or their affeffment or refpedtive affeffments at the bank and proposing of England, inftead of paying the fame to the receiver general of ^ Pa7 r^el"r-the county, riding, or place, in which fuch afleffment (hall be to th<TbanV,IU made, as is directed to be done by the faid act, and at the time (inftead of to of delivering his, her, or their ftatement or ftatements of in- the receiver come, or at any time afterwards, before any affeffment fhall be made upon him, her, or them, and entered in the books of the ^ ^ ^ b*e_ relpediive commiffioners, fhall fignify fuch his, her, or their in- fore affifT-tention in writing, to the commercial commiffioners to whom ment, give fuch ftatement of income fhall have been, or (hall be delivered, pobce of fuch that then and in every fuch cafe the faid commiffioners fhall infert, o” paymcnt°to in the certificate of affeffment made upon fuch perfon, that fuch fuch commif-notice hath been given, and (ball caufe the name or names of fuch iioners, who perfon or perfons refpecftively to be entered orregiftered in manner jhaft roel}h°n in the faid act* directed, in a feparate book to be kept for that £7 their purpofe; and fuch commiffioners (hall not in fuch cafe here- affiffinent, quired totranfmit any counterpart of the certificate or certificates and regifter of any fuch laft-mentioned aftefiment or affeffments to any re- fu^^fo ceiver general, in manner in the faid a£t directed, unlefs default |^ca feparate (hall be afterwards made in the payment of any fuch aftefiment at book; and the bank of England, in the manner required by this a£t: pro- need not vided always, That the names, alphabetically arranged, of all tranfmit cer-fuch perfons who {hall declare their intention to pay the fums af- ^h/receivers fefied upon them into the bank of England, with their refpedftive general, explaces of refidence, (hall be delivered to the infpebtor or furveyor cept in default of the diftrift where fuch commercial commiffioners fhall be ap- °* payment.

fuch perfons7 name to be delivered to the furveyor of the diftridt.

XIX.	And be it further enacfted, That all perfons who fhall Such perfons, have given fuch notice as aforefaid, but not otherwife, except on producing within the city of London and its vicinity as aforefaid, (hall, within a^he the refpecftive times limited by the laid firft recited adf for pay- cates of their ment of the fums aflefled, and on production at the bank of Eng- afTeflments land of their refpextive certificates of afleffment, marked, number- may pay the ed, or lettered, as by the faid a6t is directed, pay, or caufe to be paid, amount there# into the faid bank of England the amount of their refpedlive affeff- or by'inftal^ ments, or any part or proportion thereof, at fuch times and in ments in due fuch proportions as they fhall chufe, lb as the fums with which time, under they (hall .be refpectively charged, or any part thereof, fhall not the letter> be in arrear after the refpective times limited for payment there- j^certifi-of under the refpedlive letters or numbers marked on fuch certi- cate. t0 h>e ficates, to the account of the commercial commiffioners acting placed tc the for the city, town, or place, where fuch certificate {hall have been account of Vol. XLIL	M	iffued

162	Annoregni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

the coromer- ifiued as aforefaid (which account the governor and company of cial commif- the bank of England are hereby required to open with fuch com-flow,11 of the mifiioners refpedlively for that purpofe); and-the ca(hier or diftri&sTthe cafr*iers °f the bank of England (hall, upon the receipt of any bank fhall re- fuch fums of money on account of any fuch commiflioners, enter ceive and en- the fame with the faid refpe£tive numbers and figures fet oppofite \vithoutame> t^ereto> without requiring the names of the perfons on whofe requiring	account the fame fliail be paid, and fnall forthwith grant certifi-

any name;	cates acknowledging the receipt of fuch refpedtive fums; which

and fhall grant la ft mentioned certificates (hall be delivered to fuch laft men-taone<^ cornmercial commiflioners, and the delivery of fuch cer-v/hich being tificates to the faid laft mentioned commercial commiflioners delivered to	fhall be a fufficient difeharge	to	fuch perfons for the amount	of

fuch commif*	the refpedlive fums fo paid	as	aforefaid ; and	the cafhier	or

^Tchar ^the ca^ers	of	England	fhall,	from	time	to	time,	tranf-

peid'ons^af- G to fuc^ mentioned commercial commiflioners refpectively, fdled. The	whensoever the fame fhall be	required by them,	accounts of	ail

bank when	monies fo paid into the bank	of	England, under	the account	of

required filial] the refpeflive commercial commiflioners to whofe account the fuch 'conunif* famc	have been paid, with the refpedtive figures and letters

fioners, ac-	under which fuch fums fhall have been paid as aforefaid.

counts of the fums fo paid, with the refpeftive figures and letters under which the pay-■meats have been made.

Within ten XX And be it further enacted, That the refpedtive laft men-days after tioned commercial commiflioners fhall, within ten days after the ment^fuch	an^	f°	a^ter eac^ fubfequent inftalment appointed for the

com million- pavment of the duties granted by the faid fir ft recited aft, tranf-er$'fhall tranf- mit to the receivers general of the refpective counties, ridings, mitan ac- or places, where the certificates of fuch aflefl'ments fhall have ^rofs*amount ^cen ^ue(^ as aforefaid, or their refpective deputies, and in Scot-of all fums ^ud to the receivers general'there, an account of the grofs paid into the amount of all the feveral fums of money fo paid into the bank hank on fuch o 1 England under fuch certificates as aforefaid, on account of

tothercceiver eac^ mftalmenN which accounts fhall be received by fuch general, receivers general as cafh, and in difeharge of fo much of the faid which returns rates or duties granted by the faid a<ft, as fhall be mentioned Jhallbereceiv-in fuch accounts as aforefaid; and in all cafes where any default calh^and* ^	ma^e	*n payment of any fum or fums of money con-

\vhere default tame^ in any fuch certificates of afleflment which ought to be fo is made in paid into the bank of England as laft aforefaid, and fuch fum of payment by money fnall not be paid upon notice in writing thereof, by fuch aTffed^nno commercaai commiflioners, in the manner directed by the faid tice from the a&> fuch commercial commiflioners fhall forthwith caufe all commiffion- fuch fums of money fo in arrear as aforefaid, to be inferted in ers,according the duplicates of aflefl'ments to be delivered to the collector or c° rief collectors of the parifh or place for which fuch afleflment fhall commiflion- ma(^e ana given in charge to fuch colledtor or collectors, with ers.ih dl inftrt warrant to levy the fame in fuch and the like manner, and un-the firm due der the like powers, in every refpeCt, as is directed by the faid ftie^oH^o-’s rec‘tec* a(^- *n cai'es where the arrears are directed to be returned duplicate'of ^ to ^ commercial - commiflioners by the receivers general, afidfinent, to	and

1798-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.

and {hall alfo deliver to the refpedive receivers genera], or their refpedive deputies, counterparts of the certificates of all fuch af-feflmcnts in payment whereof default friall have been made as lafl- aforefaid, in like manner as if fuch afleflments had been originally payable to fuch receivers general refpedively.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That the refpedive lafl: mentioned commercial commiflioners (hall, on or before the fifth day of Jmie one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and fo yearly in every fubfequent year during the time in the faid firft recited ad mentioned, or as foon after as conveniently can be done, tranfmit to the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes duplicates of the grofs amount of all afleflments made upon all perfons who fhall have iignified their intention of paying their respective affefTments into the bank of England in manner hereinbefore directed ; and the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England ill all alfo, from time to time whenever the fame fhall be required, tranfmit to the faid commiflioners for the affairs of taxes accounts of the grofs fums received at the bank of England on account of any affefTments made by any commercial commiflioners appointed under the authority of the faid aft, diftinguifhing in fuch accounts the diftrids of the refpedive commercial commiflioners to whofe accounts fuch fums of money have been paid.

under fuch afleflments on account of fuch commiflioners in .. XXII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in the faid firft recited ad contained (hall be conftrued to extend to reftrain the refpedive commercial commiflioners to be appointed under the faid ad from examining any perfon or perfons in the prefence of their fecretary, clerk, or other perfon or perfons duly fworn to fecrecy, according to the diredions of the faid ad, nor from difclofing the evidence given by them, or any of them, to fuch fecretary, clerk, or other perfon or perfons fo fworn, for any of the purpofes of the faid adt.

XXIII. And be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful for.the refpedive commiflioners of appeal for any county, riding, (hire, or ftevvartry, or any divifion thereof, to ernploy a fit perfon to be their clerk, whofe duty it fhall be to receive all appeals to be laid before the faid refpedive commiflioners, and alfo all ftatements of commiflioners for executing the purpofes of this ad, who ought to be aflelTed by the faid refpedive commiflioners of appeal, and to enter the fame in proper books for that purpofe, and all fuch other ads as the faid refpedive' commif-fioners ■ of appeal fhall, in the execution of the faid ad, dired; and the faid refpedive commiflioners of appeal fhall, with the confent and approbation of the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, allow to fuch clerk fuch falary or reward for each day's attendance as the faid refpedive commiflioners of appeal, with fuch approbation as aforefaid, fhall order, not exceeding the rate at which attornies or folicitors are ufuaily paid for the like work; which fums fo ordered and allowed, the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank, or the refpedive receivers general, on the produdion

the certificates figned by two or more of fuch refpedive com-;	M2,	mi	(Turners

165

be levied by him; and fhall then deliver counter-’ parts of iiidi afleffment to the receiver general.

Such commif-fioners (hall annually, before June 5, tranfmit to the tax office duplicates of the grofs amount of all fuch affieffi- 1 merits; and the bank, when required, /hall alfo tranfmit to the tax office accounts of the grofs fums received each diftridt.

Commercial commiflioners may in all cafes examine perfons in the prefence of fuch commif-foners* fworn clerk, Sec. or dilclofe the evidence to fuch clerk,&c.

Commif-fioners of appeal may employ a clerk to receive appeals, and ftatements of income from general commiflioners, &c. luch clerk to be paid, with the approbation of the tax office, by the bank or receivers general, on certificate of his attendance, &c. by the commiflion* ers,

Hosted by

G( ^le

money for incidental expences.

164 Anno regni tricefimo nono Geoegii III. c. 22. [1798.

miffioners of appeal, certifying the number of days on which fuch clerk attended them, (hall pay out of any monies in their hands of the duties granted by the faid firft recited adt. order Them ^	XXIV. And be it further enadted, That whenever money

bank or re. fhall be wanting to defray the incidental expences of the faid firft ceivers gene- recited adt, if the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England, or ral to advance the refpedtive receivers general, fhall not have then received, and have in his or their hands fufficient monies of the duties granted by this adt, it fhall be lawful for the lords commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, from time to time to diredl fuch cafhier or cafhiers, or the refpedtive receivers general, to advance and pay out of any publick monies in their hands fuch fums as (hall be required for the faid purpofes, and to replace the fame from time to time out of the firft monies that fhall come into their hands refpeclively of the faid duties by this Traders may adt granted.

beafTefled by XXV. And be it further enadled, That any perfon or per-commfflionera ^ons engagec^ xn trade or manufacture may be afTefled by the for the diftridt commercial commiffioners adting for the diftridt wherein fuch where their trade or manufadture fhall be carried on, although fuch perfon trade is car- or perfons fhall not be refident within fuch diftridt. ried on. ^ XXVI. And be it further enadted, That whenever it fhall ^t^affiftaSs" happen ftifficient perfons fhall not have been named to take to commercial upon themfelvcs the office of affiftants to any commercial com-miffioners appointed under the faid firft recited a<S, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid commercial com-miffioners, and they are hereby empowered, if they fhall think the fame necefiary, to call to their affiftance any perfon or per-fons willing to give affiftance, and who may, in the opinion of fuch commiffioners, be beft able and competent to judge of the amount of the reputed income of the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, fraternities, or focieties, whofe ftatement fhall be under confideraticn before the faid commiffioners, (although fuch perfons fhall not be qualified as in the faid recited adt is of income, as diredted), and fhall enquire of fuch perfons their opinion of fuch *ini^r.	amounts of reputed income, without difclofing to them, or any

o'ccafional	or eirher of them, the amount contained in any fuch ftatement, as

affiftants hav- by the faid adt is required : provided always. That any perfon fo ing previoufly callecj before fuch commiffioners to give fuch affiftance as afore-faid, fhall, before the faid commiffioners, take the oath in the faid firft recited adt diredted to be taken by commercial com-millioners : provided alfo, That fuch commiffioners fhall after fuch enquiry, where the lame (hall be thought neceftary as afore-faid, or without fuch enquiry where the fame fhall be thought by the faid commiffioners to be unneceftary, proceed in the making their aftefTments in fuch and the like manner in every refpect as if fuch perfon or perfons, fo called upon for fuch aflift-ance as aforefaid, had been appointed in manner diredted by the

commiflion-ers have not been named, fuch commiffioners may call in any proper perfons as affiftants, and enquire their opinion on the amount

taken the oath required by f. 116. of that adt; and com mi f-foners fhall proceed to make their aftefTments,

Scc. as if fuch occaffonal

affiftants had been regularly faid adt. appointed, XXVTL And be it further enadted, That whenever any per-icm fhall, after the faid fifth day of April one thousand feven

hundred

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.

hundred and ninety-nine, and before the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred, or within the like period in the courfe of any fucceeding year during the continuance of the faid firft: recited aft, become entitled to any income arifing from any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, wherefoever the fame (hall be fituate in Great Britain, or elfewhere, or from any kind of perfonal property, or other property whatever, or from any office, ftipend, or penfion, either on his or her own behalf, or on the behalf of any other perfon as truftee, agent, receiver, guardian tutor, curator, or-committee, or in any other character, either fe-parately, or jointly with any other perfon, and fuch income fhall not have been included in the amount of any former ftatement of the income of fuch perfon made, that then and in every fuch cafe, fuch perfon fhall, within twenty-eight days after fuch income fhall have accrued, (unlefs the former ftatement for fuch year fhall be fufficient to cover the fame), give notice thereof to. the aftefior or afTeftors of the parifh or place within which he or (he fhall refide, and within which he or fhe intends to be charged in refpeft of fuch income, and fhall alfo at the time of giving fuch notice return a ftatement of the amount of fuch income to fuch aflelTor or a fie (Tors, in like manner in every refpeft as is direfted in the faid recited aft or this aft for the return of ftatements to afTeftors under the faid aft or this aft; and an aftefTment fhall be made upon every fuch perfon in refpeft of fuch income, from the period when fuch income accrued until the end of the then current year; and the commiftioners for the purpofes of the faid aft, afting in and for the diftrift within which fuch return fhall have been made, fhall, upon notice thereof, and delivery of fuch ftatement to them by the alTelTor or afreflors receiving the fame, proceed in the making their aftefTment in refpeft of fuch income, in fuch and the like manner in every refpeft as is direfted by the faid firft recited aft for making any aftefTment upon income; and fuch commiftioners fhall thereupon add the amount of fuch aftefTment to any former aftefTment that fhall have been made for that year upon the perfons returning fuch ftatement, or if no fuch former aftefTment fhall have been made, fuch com mi f-ftoners fhall make a new aftefTment in refpeft of fuch income, and proceed in all refpefts in the collefting and levying of the fame in like manner as is direfted in the faid firft recited aft; and if any perfon hereby required to give fuch notice, or return any fuch ftatement, fhall negleft l'o to do within the time hereinbefore fpecified for that purpofe, fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay for fuch offence a fum not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the ftaid firft recited aft.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where any fuch income fhall accrue to any fuch perfon as afore-faid, in the courfe of any year, by reafon of the death of any perfon who fhall at the time of making the aftefTment for fuch year have included fuch income in his or her ftatement, and fhall have been aflefled for the fame, it fhall and may be lawful for

M3	the

165

Perfons becoming entitled after April5jin any year, either on their own behalfs, or as truftees, &rc. to any income whatever not included in their ftatements, fhall, within zo days after the accruing of fuch income, (unlefs the former ftatement is fuiricient to cover the fame), give notides thereof to the af* feffors, with a ftatement of the amount, Sec. and the fame fhall be charged for the remainder of the year, and lliall be added to any former aftefTment, or if no fuch hasbeenmade, put into a new aftefTment, and levied and colle<5ted as if made at the commencement of the year.

Penalty on not giving fuch notice, See. not exceeding 20I.

Where fuch income accrues by death, the reprefen tatives ofthedeceafed may apply to the commit-

166 Anno regni triceiimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1793.

iioner.5,and the refpeftive commifiioners, under the faid firft recited aft, upon returning on application made for that purpofe by the heirs, executors, or oVthe^rfon* a^m^n^rators	perfon fo dying, or any of them, and on a

to whom the returu of the name and refidence of the perfon or perfons to income ac- whom fuch income (hall accrue by reafon of fuch death, to dif-crues, and charge fuch heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, from any fur-thJ'dmh^of *^er Payment ^or or ln re^Peft of fuch income, other than for the party fhall^uc^ Part t^ere°f as fhall have accrued before fuch death, and to receive a’cer- grant a certificate of fuch difcharge to fuch heirs, executors, or ' tificate of dif-adminiftrators; and that fuch certificate, on delivery thereof to chm-ge, to^be t|ie refpe<5live commifiioners, or to the collector or collcftors, or ' the collectors rece;*ver general, or his deputy, (hall be a fufficient difcharge to &C.	fuch heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, from anv further payment

in refpeft of the fum that fhall be ascertained in fuch certificate Agents to as aforefaid.

perfons otfull XXIX. And be it further enafted, That if any agent to any 1-fn^dom* & other perfon, being of full age, and out of this kingdom, fliall rnakina; it fa- not have fufficient money in his hands to pay the fum which tisf’.ctonjyap-	ought to be contributed on the behalf of	fuch other perfon,	at

pear that they	t]ie	t;me when payment thereof ought to	be made by virtue	of

have	the	faid firft recited aft, and (hall prove,	to the fatisfaftion	of

the	commifiioners for the purpofes of the	faid aft, that he hath

not fince the delivery of the ftatement had fufficient money, in his hands for payment thereof, or that, from death, revocation of authority, or other caufe, fuch payment ought to be delayed,

funds iiiffi-cient to pay the contribution ot Inch principal, or that from rer vocation of authority,

or the afleiTment made upon fuch ftatement

ought, to

be dis-

charged or vacated, it lhall be lawful for the faid commifiioners

^c. the aiicfl- [n fucfi cafe, and on fuch proof as aforefaid, to direft fuch pay-

vacated110 mcnt t0 A>e fufpended until fufficient money fhall come into the

roay bereliev- hands of fuch agent for payment thereof, or fuch afteflment to

edbythecom- be difcharged or vacated, as the cafe may require, fubjeft never-

■miffioners, thelels to an appeal by the furveyor or infpeftor, to the determi-

iubjftt to ap- nat;on 0f t}ie fojfi comniifiioners in the manner directed by the peal bv the . .	J

furveyor,	a^*

under f. 64. of XXX. And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid c. 13.	firft recited aft as enafts, that no difcount or allowance what-

So much of ever fliall be allowed or paid on any fum or fums of money to i. 95. oi'c. 13. pajcj :nt0 t]-je bank of England, in purfuance of the faid afts fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon having into the bank, recived, from the collector of any parifh or place, notice, in repealed. writing, of the amount of his or her affe Ament, or who fliall have received, from the commercial commifiioners appointed under the faid firft recited aft, the certificate of his or her afieflment, fliall be defirous of paying the duly in advance at the bank of England, it fhall be lawful for the cafhier or cafhiers of the faid .producing the bank of England^ on production of the notice or certificate of tificat^ tber^r" a^e^ment at dme °f payment of the faid duty in ad-ot, may pay vance5 (the film fo paid not in' pny cafe to be lefs than the fum the duty in which appears, by fuch certificate, to .be payable by three in-advance at ftalmenls), to make an allowance at the rate ot five pounds per Jheb.wik.apd	'	„ntm

>.'ij paying

as difdlows difcount on money paid

Any perfon, on receiving the amount ot ids afetfi nlent, and

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.	167

centum per annum^ out of the fum or fums fo paid in advance, three inftal-calculated upon fuch fum or fums, for the period or periods by ments or which each refpeftive fum fhall be paid fooner than the period prefcribed by the faid firft recited aft, for payment thereof; and count on each, in every fuch cafe the faid cafhier or cafhiers (hall give the per- at the rate of fon paying the fame a certificate of fuch payment, and a dupli- 5b percent.: cate thereof, fpecifying therein the number of inftahnents there-fuJh^menU by difcharged, and the amount of the allowance for fuch prompt to be g[ven by payment, and referring thereby to the notice or certificate of a(- the bank. fe/Tment then produced, and the defcription of the perfon, number, or letter therein mentioned; and all fuch allowances fhall oe made by the faid cafhier or cafhiers, out of the duties to be paid in at the faid bank of England, at the time of paying the fame.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled. That whenever all the The majority

commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid firff recited aft, or the ?	.

major part of them, prefent at any meeting holden under the at any meet-ftid aft, fhall adjudge that there is juft caufe to difallow the ap- ing may dif-plication of any furveyor or infpeftor to revife any ftatement as allow the spin the faid aft is mentioned, then and in fuch cafe, but not j^rv^ors^o other wife, it fhall be lawful for the faid com mifii oners to difal- revife Hate-low the fame; any thing in the faid aft contained to the con- ments. [fee f. trary notwithftanding.	53* of c- -'3«]

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That the fchedules to Former fcbe-

the faid firft recited aft annexed fhall be, and the fame are here-	^

by repealed;- and that the feveral fchedules to this aft annexed, duies fubfti-and all and every the provifions of this aft, fhall, in the execu- tuted.

tion of the faid recited aft and of this aft, be feverally applied and conftrued in like manner as if the faid fchedules and provifions were fpecially enafted in the faid aft or this aft; and that the faid feveral fchedules to this aft annexed, with their refpeftive rules, directions, marks, and references, (hall be deemed and taken to be a part of the faid recited aft and of this aft; and that all the provifions of the faid aft, and every reference therein contained to the fchedules to the faid aft annexed, (hall (except where the fame are hereby exprefsly varied) he applied, conftrued, deemed, and taken to refer to the fchedules to this aft annexed, and be extended to and conftrued in like manner as it the fame had been enacted in the laid aft or this aft.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That this aft, or any of Aft may be tile provifions thereof, maybe altered, varied, or repealed, by* ajt<-red 07* ve* any aft or afts to be palled in this prefeat fefEou of parliament. IftRon * U

M 4,

The

Hosted by Google

168

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798. The SCHEDULES to which this a6t refers.

(A.)

RULES for eftimating the income of the current year of per-fons to be affeffed under the ad of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

I. INCOME arifmg from lands, tenements, and hereditaments. GENERAL RULE.

In all the undermentioned cafes whenever the term “Annual Value of Lands” is ufed, the fame is to be underftood as fignifying the aggregate amount of the rent at which the fame are let, or if not let, are worth to be let by the year, according to the ordinary rent of lands of like quality in the fame neighbourhood ; together with the payments within the year for ail parochial and other taxes, rates, and af-ieflments, charged upon the refpedive occupiers in re-fped of fuch lands; and alfo the value of tythes, where taken in kind, or of the fums paid in fatisfadion for the fame; after tieduding from fuch aggregate amount the fourth part thereof.

I ft, INCOME of owners of lands,

FIRST CASE.

Income of lands occupied hy the owner.

Such income fhall be taken at the amount of one year’s rent, according to the rate at which fuch lands are worth to be let by the year according to the ordinary rent of lands of like quality in the fame neighbourhood, regard being had to the demands to which fuch lands may be liable for or in refped of parochial and other taxes, rates, and afleffments, and of tythes, or any fatisfadion for the fame, or from which demands fuch lands may be free; and alfo of a fum not lefs than the amount of one quarter, or more than one half, of the annual value of fuch lands, eftimated as in the general rule aforefaid, in addition to fuch rent; except where the lands have come into the occupation of the owner within eighteen months paft, on the expiration of a leafe, or the death or failure of a tenant, in which cafe the fame [hall be valued at one year’s rent only of lands of the like quality, as aforefaid.

Deductions to be made from the First Case.

The amount of land tax payable for one year preceding.

The amount of fee farm rents, quit rents, rent charges, ground rents, and other rents payable by fuch owner, or other

charges

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni trieefimo none Georgii III. c. 22.

charges which the owner of the land {hall be bound by tenure to pay, or for the expence of drainage under any commiflion of fewers, eftimated for one year, next preceding.

Repairs of buildings, conflicting of a principal meffuage, occupied by the owner, and other buildings, occupied with a farm of,lands or tythes at an average, to be fettled at the diferetion of the commiilioners under all the circumftances, not exceeding eight pounds per centum on the annual value of the farm, efti-mated as in the general rule; but if there be no principal meffuage, then at the like average, not exceeding three pounds per centum on the like annual value:

Alfo on account of expences in draining lands, fuch fum as the commiilioners {hall allow, not exceeding in any cafe three pounds per centum on the annual value of the lands improved by fuch drainage.

And in refpedl of embankments from the fea, or any river, when the fame (hall be neceffary for the occupation of lands, or by reafon of tenure therein, fuch fum as the commiffioners, under all the-circumftances, {hail allow.

SECOND CASE.

Houfes and buildings occupied by the owner.

The income arifing from fuch houfes or other buildings {hall be taken to be the fair rent at which houfes of the like description are ufually let or might be let by the year, unfurnifhed, as near as may be; but where the fame are or fhall be rated to the tax on inhabited houfes, then not to be taken at lefs than fuch rate.

Deductions.

Repairs, at the beft average, in the judgement of the commiffioners, and not exceeding ten pounds per centum on fuch rent as aforefaid.

Other deductions as in the fir ft cafe.

THIRD CASE.

Lands, tenements, or her edit ament s, in the occupation of tenants at rack rent.

The income arifing from fuch lands (hall be taken to be the full amount of the rent referved.

Deductions.

As in the firft cafe, if payable by the owner; and alfo the amount of the tythes, or the fatisfadtion for the fame, and rate§ and taxes, if payable by the owner, and alfo the adtual expences of collecting the rents.

FOURTH CASE.

Lands^ tenements'! or hereditaments, demifed to tenants in cotiftderation of a fine paid and rent referved.,

The

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

The income arifing from fuch lands (hall be taken to be the amount of the rent for one year, and of fuch farther fum in refpedt of the fines from the faid lands, as will amount to a fum equal to what were or would be the receipts of one year, on fuch average as (hall be fettled or confirmed by the refpective commiflioners before whom the queftion (hall be depending.

Deductions.

As in the third cafe, if payable by the owner.

FIFTH CASE.

hands, tenements, or her edit aments, demifed to tenants 'in conft deration of a fine without rent referved, or a nominal rent only.

A fair average of the fines, as under the fourth cafe.

Deductions.

As under the third cafe, if payable by the owner.

SIXTH CASE.

Houfes demifed to tenants at rack rent.

The income arifing from fuch houfes (hall be tak^n to be the full amount of the rent referved for one year.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the fecond cafe. Other deductions, as under the third cafe, as far as the fame are applicable, if payable by the owner.

SEVENTH CASE.

Houfes demifed to tenants in confederation of rent referved and fine,

As under the fourth cafe, mutatis mutandis.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the fecond cafe. Other deductions, as under the third cafe, as far as the fame are applicable, if payable by the owner.

EIGHTH CASE.

Hotfes demifed to tenants in confideration of a fine, without rent) or 4 nominal rent only.

As under the fifth cafe, mutatis mutandis.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the fecond cafe. Other deductions, as under the third cafe, as far as the fame are applicable if payableby theowner.

.	,	NINTH

1798.3	Anno regni tricefmio nono Chough III. 22.-

NINTH CASE.

Tythes in refpefi of owners.

The income arifing from fuch tythes fliail be eflimated on a fair average for three years preceding, of the a&uai value, if taken in kind, regard, in fuch cafe, being had to the expence incurred in colle&ing the fame, or, if compounded for, of the compofitions received for the fame.

Deductions.

As under the third cafe, as far as the fame are applicable, if payable by the owner \ and alfo all payments made on account of parochial and other rates, taxes, and affeffinents, in refpedt of fuch tythes which (hall be payable by the owner.

TENTH CASE.

Profits of manors, or of timber or woods, ufually cut,periodically, and in certain proportions^ mifies, infurance offices from fire, and other profits of uncertain annual amount.

The income arifing therefrom fhall be eflimated on fucli average as fhall be fettled by the refpe&ive commiffioners, before whom the queftion fhall be depending, except in the cafes of mines, infurance offices from fire, where the average fhall be taken on a term not exceeding five years.

Deductions,

As under the third cafe, as far as the fame are applicable, if payable by the owner.

2d. INCOME of tenants of lands, tenements, and hereditaments. ELEVENTH CASE.

Lands or hereditaments occupied by tenants at rack rents.

If the annual value of fuch lands or hereditaments, eflimated as herein-before dire&ed in the general rule be under three hundred pounds, then the income arifing therefrom to the tenant fhall be taken to be not lefs than one half, or more than two thirds of fuch value j and if at three hundred pounds or upwards, then to be at not lefs than three fifths or more than three fourths of fuch value.

Deductions.

Such and no other dedu&ions as are herein-aftercomprifed under the head of General Deductions, if payable by the tenant.

TWELFTH CASE. ‘

The income arifing from mines, tythes, woods, and other hereditaments of uncertain amount, when occupied by tenants, to be charged as the fame would be charged in the hands of the owner, deducing alfo the rent, payable for the fame.

THIRTEENTH

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

THIRTEENTH CASE.

Lands or tenements demifed in confideration of fines, whether with or without a rent referved.

The income arifing from fuch lands or tenements (hall be eftimated at the amount at which the fame would be eftimated in the cafe of an owner occupying the fame, deducing therefrom a fum equal to the annual value of payments referved to the owner, as directed to be eftimated in the fourth cafe.

Deductions as in the eleventh cafe.

3d. INCOME of mefne lejfors, under demifes, in confideration of fines, whether with or without a rent referved, and of lands or tenements demifed upon improveable leafes.

FOURTEENTH CASE.

In every fuch cafe, the income of every mefne Ieflor or leflbrs fhall be charged at the fame amount as his income would be charged at if owner, deducting therefrom fuch rent and average of fines (if any) as (hall be paid thereout to his or her immediate Ieflor.

II. INCOME arifmg from perfonal property and from trades, profeffions, offices, penftons, allowances, fiipends, employments, and vocations.

FIFTEENTH CASE.

I ft. INCOME from any trade, profeffon> office, penfion, allowance, Jlipend, employment, or vocation, being of uncertain annual amount.

The income arifing therefrom to be taken for the firft year of being charged, (hall be eftimated either at not lefs than the full amount of the profits or gains of fuch trade, profeflion, office, penfion, allowance, ftipend, employment, or vocation, within the preceding year, or at the election of theperfon charged, at a fum not lefs than the fair and juft average for one year of the amount of the profits or gains of fuch trade, profeflion, office, penfion, allowance, ftipend, employment, or vocation, in the three years preceding, and in all fucceeding years, the income to be reckoned according to the fame mode which the faid perfon (hall have chofen to take in the firft year.

Deductions.

No other deductions to be made from fuch income, than fuch as are herein-after comprized under the head of General Deductions; except two thirds of the rent paid by the tenants ofhoufes, part whereof is occupied and ufed by fuch tenants as an open {hop for retail trade only; or by innkeepers and other perfons licenfed to fell wine, ale, or other liquors, by

retail.

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. it. t

retail, to be drank in their refpecftive houfes; or by perfons keeping any fchool, academy, or feminary for learning, and ufually having their fcholars to board and lodge (to a number not lefs than ten) in their refpedtive dwelling houfes; and aifo, except any rate charged in refpedft thereof by virtue of any a61 for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax; or on offices, penfions, ftipends, or perfonal eftates, by any a& for the fervices of the year for which the computation fhali be made; or upon penfions, or falaries, fees, and wages, in re-fpedf of offices of profit, by an a£f, pafied in the feventh year of the reign of King George the Firft; or upon penfions, gratuities, offices, or employments of profit, by an a£f, pafied in the thirty— firft year of his late majefty King George the Second.

SIXTEENTH CASE.

2d. INCOME from offices, penfions, ftipends, annuities, interejl of money, rent charge, or other payments of the like nature, being of certain annual amount.

The income poflefled by the fame perfon during the whole of the preceding year, to betaken at not lefs than the whole income paid or payable in refpeft thereof, within the year preceding, ending on the fifth day of February in each year, or on fiich other day of the year as the annual payments have been ufually completed; and income not poflefled by the fame perfon during the whole of the preceding year, at not lefs than the whole income (as far as the fame can be computed) which will become payable in the fucceeding year.

General Deductions to be allowed; and alfo any tax of charge in refpeft of the fame, impofed by any act or acts. .

III.	INCOME arifing out of Great Britain.

SEVENTEENTH CASE.

I ft. From foreign poffieffions.

The full amount of the actual annual net income received in Great Britain, either eftimating fuch receipt in the firft year of being charged, at the election of the perfon charged, according to the year ending the fifth day of February immediately preceding fuch eftimate, or according to the average of the three years preceding fuch fifth day of February, or on fuch day in each year on which the account of fuch income has been ufually made up; and in all fucceeding years, the annual receipt to be reckoned in the fame mode which the perfon charged fhali have chofen to take in the firft year.

General Deductions to be allowed.

EIGHTEENTH

Hosted by Google

Anno regni-trxcefimo nono Georgii IIL c. zz* [1798,

EIGHTEENTH CASE.

2d, MONET arifing from foreign fecurlties.

The annual income of fuch fecurities, if the fame were exiting in the preceding year, to be eftimated according to the produce of fuc&.year, and if the fame were not then existing, to be computed upon the expected produce of the current yean

General Deductions to be allowed.

IV.	INCOME not falling under any of the foregoing rules.

Such income to be eftimated to the the bell of the knowledge and belief of the perfon receiving the fame entitled thereto; and fuch eftimate to be delivered to the com millioners, together with a ftatement of the nature of fuch income, and the grounds on which the amount thereof (hall have been fo eftimated.

General Deductions to be allowed.

GENERAL DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

1.	The amount of annual intereft payable for debts owing by the party, or charged upon the property of the party, from which any income (hall arife.

2.	The amount of allowances to any child or children, or other relations, fuch child or children, or other relation or relations not making a part of the family of the party, and of whole names and places of.relidence the afteftbrs and furveyors (hall have had notice by a declaration according to the form No. 4.

3.	Aftefied taxes under the two a£ts of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repealing the duties on houfes, windows, and lights, on inhabited houfes, and on clocks and watches; and for granting to his Majefty other duties on houfes, windows, and lights, and on inhabited houfes, in lieu thereof; and for repealing the duties upon male fervants, carriages, horfes, mules, and dogs, and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof.

4.	The amount of any annuity payable by the party, either as a debt or charge upon his or her income, (excepting any payment jlo the wife of any party living with fuch party, for which (he, or any truftee or truftees on her behalf, fhall not bt duly charged under this a<3).

5.	Perfons who have made or (hall make infurance on their refpedtive lives, or on the lives of their refpeclive wives, fhall be at liberty, in addition to. an; .other deductions, to dedudt the amount of the premium of fuch infurance for the current year.

6,	Perfons

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno ragni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. x 6. Perfons entitled to any income during and depending upon the life or lives of any other perfon or perfons who have made, or {hall make, infurance on the life or lives- of fuch other perfon or perfons, {hall be at liberty, in addition to any other deductions,

(except the deduction herein-after mentioned), to dedu£t the amoupt of the premiums of fuch laft mentioned infurance for the current year ; provided that if, after the death of fuch other perfon or perfons on whofe life or lives fuch infurance (hall have been made, the income, or any part thereof from which fuch premiums have been deduced, (hall be continued, or the eftate from whence the fame arofe renewed, or fhall have been ufually continued,or the eftate from whence the fame arofe fhall have been ufually renewed by the payment of a fine or fines, then and in fuch cafe no dedu&ion (hall be allowed on account of fuch fine or fines which fhall have been paid, or would become payable, on any fuchYenewal.

PARTICULAR DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

1.	The amount of the tenths and firft fruits, duties and fees on prefentations paid by any ecclefiaftical perfon within the year preceding that in which the computation (hall be made.

2.	Procurations and fynodals paid by ecclefiaftical perfons, on an average of feven years preceding that in which the computation fhall be made.

3.	Repairs of chancels of churches by any redlor, vicar, or other perfon bound to repair the fame, on an average of twenty-;one years preceding, as aforefaid, or as nearly thereto as can be produced.

SCHEDULE

Hosted by Google

SCHEDULE of INCOME of

Z.

3*

4.

DESCRIPTION of PROPERTY from which INCOME anfes,

7-

8.

13

*4-J5-16.

17-

18.

^	j.	d.

Lands occupied by me as owner j	,~lue

Houfes and buildings occupied by me as owner Lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in occupation of tenants at rack rent	-

Lands, tenements, or heredita- I amount of fines £. ments, demifed to tenants in y on an average f confideration of a fine paid and "S of years C

* amount of rent'

d.

Annual Income*

rent referred

Lands, tenements, or hereditaments, demifed to (	fi.^S	)

tenants in confideration of a fine, without<	^	>

any rent referved, or nominal rent only -	^	Gf	a years /

Houfes demifed to tenants at rack rent

Houfes demifed to tenants in confideration of rent referved and fine Houfes demifed to tenants in confideration of a fine without rent, or a nominal rent, only	-

Tythes received in kind, or compo- f amount of average re- ) fition referved for the fame -	(	ceipt	for three years )

£• d.

average receipt for years do	-	do

do	-	do

do-not exceeding five years i other profits of uncertain amount do for	years

Lands or hereditaments demifed to me, as tenant at rack rent s manors -	-

( timber - -	^

% woods -	/demifed to me,

(

manors

timber

t,	r	1	woods

Profits of< mines

£.s.

Profits of <

1 other heredita-

Vtythes

f taking < kind < pound

> average the fame ments of uncer- i as the ioth cafey tain amount -	;	deducting the rent

payable. in 3 as in the 9th ^ com- 5-cafe, deduct- r ded for 3ingtherent )

Lands or tenements demifed to me in confideration ofa fine, ^ whether with or without a rent referved ; annual value -	^

S Lands ortenements demifed to mein confideration 3 £. s. A of fine, with or without a rent, and underlet to > a tenant -	)

Lands demifed to me at rent, and underlet to a tenant at an improved rent From profeffion, offices, penfions, ftipends,employments, trade or vocation being of uncertain annual amount -	-

From offices, penfions, ftipends, annuities, intereft of money, rent -charge, and other payments being of certain annual amount, and allowances applied to my ufe, including the income of the wife, if any, for which fhe or her truftee or trufteesfhall not be charged living with hufband, though feparately fecured From foreign poffeffions	-

From money ariling from foreign fecurities From any income not falling under any of the above heads, or within the rules preferibed by the ad Nature of the income, and grounds on which \ the amount thereof is eflimated -	)

Total amount of income lVdudions from above	•*

Income chaigeable

Hosted by

Google

of the Parifh of

(D.)

in the Divifion of

DEDUCTIONS.

Land tax payable on the feveral properties mentioned ^ under Nos	on	the	other	fide,	from	the	\

jr. s. d.

to the

day of

day of

la ft pa ft	-

Fines paid upon an average of years ee farm rents payable otit of Nos on the other fide Quit rents, payable out of Nos	-	do

Kent charges, payable out of N°>	-	do

Ground rent, payable out of N°»	-	do

Other rents, payable out of N©5	-	do

Tenths	...	do

Procurations, fynodals, payable (by ecclefiaftical per-fons) out of N°3 upon an average of feven years

rOf farm, with principal mefluage, under Of farm buildings, without principal mefluage, under Nos <	-

C by rate

Of draining lands, under Nos < for improve-ReDa:r,)	(ment	of	lands

"	1	Of	embankments,	under	Nos

Of houfes and buildings not occupied with a farm, under Nos	-

Of chancels of churches by re<5tors, vicars and others bound to repair the fame, upon an ave-rage of 21 years	-	-

Tythes-<

‘ Expences in cohering the fame, upon an average of three years -	-

Value thereof paid in kind, upon do average Value of compofitiou for the fame, upon doave-* rage	*

Annual intereft for debts,

( Perfonal ( Charged on Nos Allowances to children, or other relations; viz. [ Afiefle.d taxes under a£Vs 38 Geo. ill. c. 40,	41.

Annuities	-

Land tax on perfonal eftates, offices, penfions, See. Premiums of infurance on life

Total amount of dedu&ions



s. d. ■

d.

n

Witnefs my hand this

day of

£• J* 1

—•

Memorandum:—The local Jit nation of the feveral properties in the oppofite column mujl here he deferibed under their refpettive numbers ; and if in Great Britainy the feveral parijhes and counties in which they are fituatey together with the fe veral places of refidence of the party .

You XLII.	N	A,	i*

Hosted by Google

AnitoregnitticefimononoGEORGii III. c. 22. [1798;

A. 1.

N° 1.

LIST containing the proper name of every lodger, inmate, and other perfon refident in the dwelling houfe, except fervants and infants, not having an income chargeable by virtue of the ads.

N° 2.

LIST containing the proper name and place of refidence of every perfon not reiident in Great Britain, and of every infant* idiot, lunatick, married woman, and other perfon having any income chargeable by virtue of the ads, of which I am irt receipt of as truftee, agent, receiver, guardian, curator, of committee, and alfo the name or names of fuch perfons who are joined with me in fuch truft.

Name or names of perfons above deferibed.	Defcription and relidenre of ]>erfons bein^ relpectively not refident m Great Britain, or infants, idiots, ht-naticks, or maried women, ov other perfons as atore-faid.	Name or names of truftees, &:c. joined with me in fuch truii, &c.
		

Witnefs my hand this	day-of

N° 3-

DECLARATION to be made by perfons who have two of more dwelling houfes* to be delivered to the afleffors.

Ido declare, That I am defirous of being charged to the rates and duties granted by an ad of the

thirty*

Hosted by Google

i 798.] Anno regrii tricefimo riono Georgii IIL c. 22.

thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, in the of	in the	of	*

* If the party meanjj to be charged in different parifhes for different parts of the income, the ftatementk of the whole income muft be filled up and delivered in each of thofe panfhes ; and in fuch cafe the above muft fpecify the feveral parities, ahd the refpedtive proportions to be paid in each, by adding the fame in the following manner:

u Parifli of	in the	of	in

refpedt of one	part df my inconie: arid in the parifh of

in the	^ of	irl	refpetf	of one

other	part	of my income.*’

N° 4.

DECLARATION of the nafne and place df refidence of arijr perfon or perfons to whom any allowances are made, which the party is entitled to dedtiEt.

Name or name of perlons above defcribed.	Place of refidence.	Sum allowed.
		

N« 5.

DECLARATION of the number of children to be delivered to the commercial commiffioners, if any income is to be afleffed by them, if not, to the afTefTors.

Ido declare, That I have the undermentioned child born in lawful wedlock, and principally maintained by tne^ and at my expence; and that I have not deduced any allowance made by me to fuch child from my income.

| Above the age of fix years*

| Under the age of fix years*

being refpe&ively the child	of*	in	refpeft of

Whom I claim an abatement after the rate of	per centum

from the furri which I have declared to be not lefs than one part of my income, in purfuance of the laid a£ts; and am ready to verify this my declaration as the adt requires.

Witnefs my hand, this	day	of

* Here muft be inferted, whether they are children of the claimant, of of bis or her wife or hufbarld by a former marriage,,

M 2	N*	6.

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georchi III. c. 22. [1798*

B.

180

N° 6

STATEMENTS by perfons of their own income to be delivered to the afteflors, either where the party is not concerned in trade or manufacture, or is not defirous that the whole of his income, or the part arifing from trade or manufacture, (hould be aflefled by the commercial commiffioners; to be delivered open or fealed up at the election of the party.

Where the income does not amount to fixty pounds per annum.

Ido declare. That my income, eftimated according to the directions and rules of an act, pafTed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to repeal the duties impofed by an aft, made in the lajl fejjion of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war; and to make more effeftual provifon for the like purpofe, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties, and of another acf for amending the faid act, doth not amount to the fum of fixty pounds per annum. Dated this day of

(Signed)

N° 7.

IVhere the income amounts to fixty pounds per annum, and is under

two hundred pounds.

Ido declare. That my income, eftimated according to the directions and rules of an act, parted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to repeal the duties impofed by an aft, made in the lafi feffion of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war; and to ?nake more effeftual provifion for the like purpofe, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties, and of another act for amending the faid act, doth not exceed the fum of	and	that	I	am	willing to pay the

fum of	for	my	contribution	for	one year, from the

fifth day of April	to the fifth day of April	the

fame being not lefs than one	part of my income,

eftimated as aforefaid, to be paid according to the directions of (he faid acts. Dated the	day	of

(Signed)

In this and in all cafes in which an abatement is intended to be claimed for a child or children, the following words fhall be added, c fubjeeft to the abatement claimed by me on account of a child or children, by virtue of the laid a

Hosted by Google

N° 8.

1798.] Anno regni trlcefimo nofio Georoit IIJLc\%z.

N° 8

Where the income amounts to two hundred pounds, or upwards.

Ido declare. That I am willing to pay the fum of	for my contribution for one year, from

the fifth day of April	until the fifth day of April

in purfuapce of an a61, patted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to repeal the duties irnpofed by an aft, mad? in the lajl fijfion of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution cf the war; and to make more effectual provifion for the like purpofe, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties, and of another aft for amending the faid aft; and I do declare, That the faid fum of is not lefs than one tenth part of my income, eftimated according to the direftions and rules prefcribed by the feid afts, to the beft of my knowledge and belief. Dated this^ day of

(Signed)

N9 9.

STATEMENTS by perfons of their own income, to be delivered to the aftefTors, where a part only is to be attetted by commercial commiflioners, as arifing from trade or manufacture; and may be delivered fealed up or open.

Ido declare. That my income, eftimated according to the direftions and rules of an aft, patted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled.

An aft to repeal the duties impofed by an aft, made in the laft fejfion of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war; and to make more ejfeftual provifion for the like purpofe, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties, and of another aft for amending the faid aft, excluding fuch part thereof as ariles from trade or manufafture, doth not expeed the fum of	per	annum. Dated the

<iay of

(Signed)

N° IO.

STATEMENTS by perfons of their own income to be delivered to the commercial commiflioners, where the whole is intended to be charged before fuch commiftioners, as arifing in part or in the whole from trade or merchandize.

Ido declare. That I am willing to pay the fum of	for	my	contribution	for	one	year,	flora

N 3	the

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo nqno Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

the fifth day of April	until	the fifth day of April

in purfuance of an act, parted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a£l to, repeal the duties impofed by an afiy made in the lajl fejjion of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war $ and to make more effectual provifion for the like purpofe, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties, and “ of another a61 for amending the faid act; and I do declare, That the fum of	is	not	lefs	than	one

part of my income, eftimated according to the directions and rules prefcribed by the faid ^cts, to the beft pf my knowledge and belief. Dated this	day	of

(Signed)

N° 11.

STATEMENTS by perfons of their own income to be delivered to the commercial commiflioners, where a part of the income arifes from trade or manufacture, which part only they are defirous flaould be a fie fled by fuch commiflioners.

Ido declare. That I am willing to pay the fum of	for	my	contribution	for one year,

from the fifth day of April	until	the fifth day of

April	in purfuance of an act, parted in the thirty-

ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An atl to repeal the duties impofed by an afly made in the lajl feffion of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war; and to make more effectual provifion for the like purpofey by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties, and of another act for amending the faid a<t; and I do declare, That the fum of	is	not	lefs	than	one

part of my income, eftimated according to the directions and rules prefcribed by the faid act, to the belt of my knowledge and belief, in refpedt of fuch part thereof as arifes from trade or manufacture ; and that a ftatement of the refidue of my income, not arifing from trade or manufacture, hath been delivered to the afleffors, or one of them, for the	of	in

£he county of	dated	this	day	of

(Signed)

N° 12.

STATEMENTS of income by truftees, agents, &V. on behalf of others, for whom they act as truftees, fcfr. to be delivered to the afleffors.

Where the income does not amount to fixty pounds per annum.

Ido declare. That the income of

for whom I am	eftimated	according	to the di*

retions and rules of an at of parliament, parted in the thirty-

ninth

Hosted by Google

1798*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii HI. c. 22.

ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft

to repeal the duties impofed by an afiy. made in the la ft fejjion of par-Uamenty for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war \ and to make more ejfefinal provifion for the like purpofcy by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties, and of another afi for amending the faid a£t, doth not amount to the fum of fixty pounds per annum. Dated this	day of

(Signed)

N°. 13.

IVhcre tbs income amounts to fixty pounds per	,	and is under

two hundred pounds.

Ido declare, That the income of

for whom I am	eftimated	according to the di-

rections and rules of an afi of parliament, pafted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An afi to repeal the duties impofed by an afiy made in the lajl fejfton of par-Uamenty for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war; and to make more effefiualprovifibn for the like purpofey by granting certain duties upon incomey in lieu of the faid duties, and of another a6t for amending the faid acft, doth not exceed the fum.of	and that I am willing, on behalf of

the faid	to	pay the fum of	for

contribution for one year, from the fifth day of April	to	the fifth day of April

, the fame being not lefs than one	part	of

income, eftimated as aforefaid, to be paid according to the directions of the fa id acts* Dated this	day	of

(Signed)

N° 14.

Where the income amounts to two hundred pounds.per annum^ or

upwards.

Ido declare, That I am willing, on behalf of	for	whom I am	to

pay the fum of	for	contribution	for one year,

from the fifth day of April	to	the fifth day of April

in purfuance of ?,n acft, pafted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An

afi to repeal the duties impofed by an afi^ made in the lajl fejfwn of parUamenty for granting an aid and. contribution for the profecution of the war \ and to make more effefinal provifion for the like purpofey by granting certain duties upon incomey in lieu of the faid dutiesy and of another afi for amending the faid afi ; and I ^Jq declare, Th;tt the faid fum of	is	not lefs than

li 4	one

Hosted by Google

184

Preambled

Annoregni tricefimo nonoGEORGii III. c. 23. [1798,

one tenth part of	income,	eftimated	according	to	the

dire&ions and rules prefcribed by the faid a£ts, to the belt of my knowledge and belief. Dated this	day	of

(Signed)

c.

N° 15.

NOTICE to be given to afleflors, duly filled up and figned, where any income is intended to be charged by the commercial commiftioners.

TAKE notice, that *	engaged	in	trade or

manufacture f, and mean to be charged to the rates and duties granted by an aCt of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, under the powers and provifions vetted in and given to the commercial commiflioners for the	of

in the county of	%

Witnefs my hand this	day	of

* I (or we, if partners), (or, if not on his own account, o» the behalf of	)	am	(or	are)

f Here fet forth the branch or branches of trade or manufacture, and the place or places where the fame is carried on.

X If the party has other income, not to be charged by the commercial commiflioners, the above mult fpecify that he means to be charged to fuch part of the income as arifes from his trade or manufacture, by adding thefe words after the filling up of the blank for the county, “ for fuch part of my income as arifes from trade and manufa&ure.”

CAP. XXIIT.

An aft to repeal certain parts of three afts, made in the thirty-feventh and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for raifrng a provincial force of cavalry \ and for making further provifton refpefting fuch part of the provifional cavalry of this kingdom as is now aftually called out and embodied—[March 21,

1799.3

WHEREAS it is expedient that fuch part of the provifional force of cavalry, raifed by virtue of two feveral afts, pajfed in the thirty feventh year of his prefent Majefly, as hath not been embodied prior to or under another aft, pajjed in the lajl feffion of parliament Jhould be forthwith difbanded, in the manner and according to the regulations herein-after mentionedand that fuch part of the Jaid provifional cavalry as hath been embodied prior to or under the faid aft, Jhould remain embodied under the regulations of the faid afts and of this aft, until the end of the prefent war, or fuch for ter time as his Majefly Jhall think proper, and then to be difbanded, in like manner%s the provifional cavalry, not now embodied, is direfted by this aft to be difbanded; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may beena<5ted; and be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the

lords

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo noho Georgii III. c. 23.	185

lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That 38 Geo. 3. in every county, riding, or place, where the provifional cavalry thislu^to thereof (hall have been embodied prior to the patting of the faid extend to a<51 of the laft feflion of parliament, all and every the provifions, provifional claufes, regulations, privileges, matters, and things, in the faid cav£lrJ. , a£l or in this a & contained, relating to provifional cavalry embo-died under the faid a&, fhall be extended to, and are hereby ing the 1 declared to be in force, and fhall be applied to any provifional former ad, cavalry embodied prior to the patting of the faid a£t, and now and now remaining embodied, in as full and ample a manner, in every refpedf as to any other provifional cavalry raifed, and now embodied under the above recited adls, or any or either of them.

II,	And be it further enafted, That in every county, riding, Where the and place, the provifional cavalry whereof is not now embodied, provifional the provifions of the faid feveral a&s, or of any other a£ls refpedling the faid provifional force of cavalry, which relate to the the muttering, training, and exercifing, or embodying, the provifions faid provifional cavalry, or to the making any further allowances relating to for the expences of keeping the horfes belonging to fuch provi-

fional cavalry, fhall, from and after the patting of this a£I, be, and wh*ere now the fame are hereby repealed; and that in every county or riding, embodied, the the provifional cavalry whereof is now embodied, all the pro- provifions vifions contained in the feVeral a£ts aforefaid, which relate to	to

the furnifhing any mare or gelding for fuch provifional cavalry, horfes and or providing any men to ferve therein, fhall alfo, from and providing after the patting of this a<5l, be, and the fame are hereby men> to be repealed.	,	repealed.

III.	And be it further enacfted, That in all cafes where the Where the provifional cavalry is not now embodied, and any mare or provifional gelding, cloaths, furniture, or accoutrements, or other articles, nowembo-°* as .required by the faid a£ts, have been furnifhed to any perfon died, and any ferving, or ballotted to ferve, in the provifional cavalry out of horfe,See. has any publick monies applied under any of the faid a6ls, or any been furnifhed allowance of any publick monies has been made to any perfon OUhi^hn^

fo ferving or ballotted as aforefaid, for the providing any mare or hioney, the gelding, cloaths, furniture, accoutrements, or other articles requir- fum fo ed to be provided according to the directions of the faid aCts, that expended, or then and in every fuch cafe the fum of money expended in the fur-	as

nifhing fuch mare or gelding, cloaths,furniture, or accoutrements, lieutenants, or other articles, as required by the faid aCts, or as an allowance or court of to the perfon ballotted, or clafs from which the perfon was lieutenancy, ballotted for the providing the fame, or fuch proportion thereof ^(bnable^ as the deputy lieutenants or court of lieutenancy, (hall, under all ^au ^	9

circumttances, adjudge reafonable, not being in any cafe lefs repaid to fuch than one half of the fum fo advanced, fhall be repaid to fuch perfon as perfon, at or before the time of the faid provifional cavalry being ^^fentof thef dilbanded, as the deputy lieutenants of the divifion, or court ofreceiver the lieutenancy of the place, with the confent of the receiver general, fhall

general for the county, riding, or place, in which fuch perfon order, or the ^	horfe, &c.

lhall be deli*

was

Hosted by

Google

yered to fuch per Ion as they fhail appoint, to be fold, and the produce of the fum fo repaid, to be paid over to the receiver general.

186	Anno	regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 23. [1798.

was ballotted to ferve, (hall aqthorife to receive the fame, according to the order of the faid deputy lieutenants, or court of lieutenancy, or in default thereof, the mare or gelding, cloaths, furniture, accoutrements, and other articles fo furnilhed or provided as aforefaid, fhail be forthwith delivered to fuch perfon as (hall be appointed by the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or court of lieutenancy, to receive the fame; and all fuch mares, geldings, cloaths, furniture, accoutrements, and other articles fo ordered to be delivered, (hall thereupon be fold anddifpofed of by publick auction, as foon as conveniently may be, for the beft price that can be obtained, and the rponey fo to be repaid, or the produce arifing from fuch Tales, or fo much thereof as have been fo advanced, (hall be paid oyer to fuch receiver genera} or his deputy, and go in payment, or in aid of payment, of the fums required to replace the monies advanced by fuch receiver ge-Any overplus neraf, under the faid a£ts for the provifional cavalry raifed in fuch to°be repaid divifion or place: provided always, That any overplus arifing from the party who	a^ter PaYinS fhe money advanced, or fuch proportion

provided the thereof as aforefaid, to fuch receiver general as aforefaid, (hall be repaid to the party who fhail have provided fuch mare, gelding, cloaths, furniture, accoutrements, or other articles as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That in the feveral counties, ridings, and places, where the provifional cavalry has not been mVodied, the embodied, the deputy lieutenants of each fubdivifion of fuch deputy lieu- county or riding, and the court of lieutenancy of any place, (hall, as foon after the palling of this a£t as conveniently may be, meet in their refpe&ive fubdivifions and places, and caufe all fuch of the provifional cavalry in their feveral fubdivifions and places reflectively, as fhail not have, been furnKhed as aforefaid, at the publick: expence, with ^ny mares, geldings, cloaths, furniture, or accou-

horfe, &c.

Where the proyifional cavalry has not been

tenants of each fubdivifion, and the court of lieutenancy of any place,

cluiie^uch^s^ trements, or fhail not have received any allowances for the pror ihall not have viding any mares, geldings, cloaths, furniture, or accoutrements, been furnifhed to be forthwith difbanded ; and fhail, at fuch meeting, appoint a at the publick day, not later than fourteen days from the time of fuch fir ft horfes^&Ttameeting, for the muftering of all fuch provifional cavalry as (hall be difbanded, not have been difbanded at fuch firft meeting as aforefaid, and by and appoint a whom any mare, gelding, cloaths, or accoutrements, ought tq day for	be returned, or allowances grafted, ought to be repaid as afore-

asUfhah^k)t*be	an^ every Per^*on f°r whom any mare or gelding, cloaths^

fmniture, or accoutrements, fhail have been furni (bed at the publick expence, or to whom any allowance of money has been made for providing the fame, who fhail negledf to attend fuch mutter, or to fend tome agent on his or her behalf, to deliver up at fuch meeting fuch mare, gelding, cloaths, furniture or accoutre-: ments as ought to be returned at fuch meeting, or to repay fuch fum of money as may be due in lieu thereof, to the perfon appointed by the deputy lieutenants, of court of lieutenancy to receive the fame as aforefaid, fhail forfeit fpch fum of money as fhail be fixed by any two or more deputy lieutenants, or fuch court of lieutenancy, at fuch meeting as aforefaid, not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds, which fum fhail be certified to the

refpedtive

difbanded; and fuch as ihall have been furnifhed , with any borfe, See. at ^he publick trxpence, who ihall negleift to attend to deliver up fuch horfe.

Sec. fball forfeit a fum not exceed -ing 2 oh

Hosted by

Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 23,	187

refpedlive commiffioners, and fhall be added to the laft or next afieftment of fuch perfon, in refpedl of the duities on horfes in the raid acts mentioned, and levied and accounted for together with the duties therein contained, and as part thereof, under the fame powers as the duties on horfes may by law be levied

and recovered.	Summons for

V,	And be it further enabled. That the fummons for attending attending

fuch mutters (hall be iffued, and notice thereof given by the mutters, and conftables and other officers, in their refpedfive jurifdidlions, in notice thereof the fame manner as	is	directed	in	the	faid	latt	mentioned	acft,	^ notfc^of

for giving notice of	any	time and place	of exercife under	the	faid	tjme anci

laft mentioned adl.	place of exer-

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That in every county, cde. riding, or place, the provifional cavalry whereof fhall be now where the embodied, the officer commanding fuch provifional cavalry (hall, provifional within one month after the patting of this a£f, caufe an account j^alry^ to be taken of the feveral mares and geldings in fuch provifional ^e^e[he°" cavalry that fhall be fit for military fervice, dittingufiling in the commanding faid account fuch as fhall have been valued, and of which certi- officer fhall ficates of value fhall have been granted at or after the embody- caufe an ing of fuch provifional cavalry, as is directed by the faid a6i of ^taken the laft fettion of parliament, or by any former a £1 relating to the horfes tit the provifional force of cavalry, and fhall caufe fuch account for military to be tranfmitted to the lieutenant, in his abfence to the

deputy lieutenants of the county, riding, or place to which f^have^been fuch provifional cavalry fhall belong ; and the lieutenant or deputy valued, and lieutenants of fuch county, riding, or place, fhall thereupon caufe tranfmitted to all fuch mares or geldings as have not been fo valued as aforefaid, county to be valued by two fkilful perfons, to be named, with the l^offiall * approbation of fuch commanding officer, by the faid lieutenant caufe fuch to or deputy lieutenants of fuch county, riding, or place, according be valued as to the price at which the fame might be fold, fuch price not in ^a^n(^n(j any cafe to exceed the fum of twenty-five pounds ; thereupon, Upon’produc*-and upon production of the joint certificate of the commanding tion of the officer of fuch provifional cavalry, or of the officer appointed proper certi-by him to attend fuch valuation, and of the perfons making hcat.e> the fuch valuation, or upon the production of the certificate' of	pay6”

valuation granted under the faid act of the laft feffion of parlia- the valued* ment, or fuch other acts as aforefaid, refpeClivelv indorfed by price, after fhe clerk.of the general meeting offteutenancy of the faid deducting any county, riding, or place, which indorfement (hall fpecify thaTmavlave whether any and what allowance fhall have	been	made to the	been made, to

perfon providing any fuch mare or	gelding, for	and tow ards	the perfons

providing the fame, it fhall be lawful for the receiver general	to

pf the fame county, riding, or place,	or his	deputy, and he is	porf™ ^al?

hereby required to pay or remit the	valued	price	of fuch mare	belong*

or gelding, after deducing the amount of the allowance that fhall appear by fuch certificate to have been made for or towards providing the fame, to the perfon or clafs to whom fuch mare

or gelding (hall belong, within ten days after demand of fuch price as aforefaid, out of any publick monies in the hands of

fuch

Hosted by

Google

iSS Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. a 23. [179^

fuch receiver or his deputy, arifing out of any duties receivable by fuch receiver; which certificate, fo indorfed as aforefaid, (hall be a fufficient difcharge to fuch receiver general, and which fums {hall be reimburfed to fuch receiver general, out of any monies which (ball then have been or thereafter (hall be voted by the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, towards defraying the extraordinaries of the army.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid commanding officer (hall alfo caufe an account to be taken, and tranfmitted to the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforefaid of the county, riding, or place to which fuch provifional cavalry (hall belong, of all the mares and geldings in fuch provifional cavalry that {hall, on an examination by him to be had within the time

c°vinty liettte- herein-before mentioned, be deemed unfit for military fervice, deemed unfit8 and {hall alfo caufe all fuch laft mentioned mares and geldings to for military be returned, according to fuch orders as the lieutenant or deputy fervice, and to lieutenants as aforefaid (hall give for that purpofe, to the perfons refpe&ively providing the fame : provided always. That in every cafe where any fuch laft mentioned mare or gelding hath been provided at the publick expence, or any allowance of publick monies (hall have been made to any fuch perfon for or towards providing any fuch mare or gelding, then and in fuch cafe the faid mare or gelding {hall not be returned, but on re*payment of the fpms fo advanced, to the perfon appointed by fuch lieutenant or deputy lieutenants to receive the fame, and in default of fuch re-payment, the faid lieutenant or deputy lieutenants (hall forth-a^paid, or the w'lt^ caufe ft^h mare or gelding to be fold, in manner herein-; hbrfes fhall be before diredfed as to the cafes before mentioned; and after fold.	payment	of	fuch fum or allowance as (hall have been advanced

for or towards providing fuch mare or gelding, to the receiver general or his deputy, in the manner and for the purpofes herein-before fpecified in other the like cafes of re-payment, and after deducing the expences of fuch fale, the furplus arifing therefrom (hall be forthwith paid to the perfon or clafs who (hall have provided fuch mare or gelding.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That during the time any fuch provifional cavalry (hall remain embodied, any vacancies therein may be filled up ana recruited in fuch manner as any fsncible regiment of cavalry may be recruited, and for that purpofe it (hall be lawful for any officer, ferjeant, or other perfon,

for the time being in fuch embodied provifional cavalry, being thereunto authorifed by the commanding officer for the time being of fuch provifional cavalry, to beat up for and enlift^ volunteers in any city, town, parifh, or place, within the county, riding, or place to which fuch provifional cavalry belongs, but not elfewhere, to ferve in fuch provifional cavalry, during all fuch time as the faid provifional qavalry npay be embodied to

Subftitutes in {crve bY virtue t,le faid a#s*

embodied	IX.	And	be it further enabled, That no perfon who (hall have

provisional found or fhall hereafter find any fubftitute in any provifional cavalry all cavalry, that (hall remain embodied as aforefaid, (hail fie permitted

to

Receiver general to be reimburfed out of the extraord diaries of the army.

The commanding officer to caufe an account to be tranfmitted to the

caufe them to be returned as the lieutenant (hall order to the perfons providing them: but if any publick ex-pence has been incurred it fhall be

Vacancies in embodied provifional cavalry may be recruited as fencible

cavalry, in the fervmcr place to which	"

it belongs.

not be changed

Hosted by Google

179^*1 Anno regni tricefiitio none GfedRGii III, c. 23*

1S9

to change fuch fubftitute, and provide another perfon, to be without enrolled in lieu of fuch fubftitute in manner directed in the faid ^"command laft above recited ad, unlefs with the confent of the commanding ^ officer* officer of fuch provifional cavalry, or of fuch other officer of fuch provifional cavalry as may be ailthorifed by fuch commanding officer to give fuch confent.	So much of

X.	And be it further enaded, That fo much ofjhe faid firft firft recited above recited ad as prohibits the carrying out of Great Britain

the whole or any part of the provifional cavalry, (hall, during the 0utofG^S

continuance of the prefent war, be fufpended, fo far as relates to Britain,pro-

any embodied provifional cavalry, or any part thereof, who vifional ca-

his Majefty may think proper to permit to ferve out of Great

Britain, in confequence of any Voluntary offers that may be made Elates to any

by them to that effed, and duly certified to that effed by their who may-

commanding officer: provided always. That, previous to the voluntarily

certifying fuch offer, the commanding officer fhali have explained	,

to the perfons making the fame, that the fame, if made, is purely tyth^com-

voluntary on their part, and that no perfon ferving in fuch man ding

provifional cavalry can be compelled to make fuch offer, or to officer, after

engage to ferve out of this kingdom, except by his own con- having r ^	b	r	J	explained that

fent figmbed. _	they cannot

XI.	And be it further enaded, That when any overfeer or be compelled overfeers of the poor of any parilh, tything, or place, (hall, after to ferve out of the paffing of this ad, pay any Turn or fumsof monev, under and the kingdom* by virtue of the regulations of the faid before recited ad paffed in When over-the laft feffion of parliament, for or towards the relief of the

family of any perfon ferving in the embodied provifional cavalry, paffing this

that then and in every fuch cafe it fhali be lawful for any two aft, lhall

juftices of the peace of the countv, riding, or place, where fuch relieve the

payment (hall have been made, and they are hereby required, r J .	r	’	/	.	perlon ferving

once m every quarter or a year, to enquire into and examine the jn tjje ernbo.

account of monies fo paid as aforefaid, at the requeft, and on died provi-

the oath or folemn affirmation of fuch overfeer or overfeers, fional cayalry*

and (hall thereupon allow all fuch payments as (hall appear to ^w° jw^ces

r	r j	r	r	jq 6X11H111C

fuch juftices to have adually been made after the paffing of this qUHrter]y the ad, under and by virtue of the regulations of the faid abovemen- account, and tioned ad; and fhali alfo thereupon forthwith make an order o-der payment for the receiver general of fuch county, riding, or place, to pay aeneraTvvh^ the fum allowed by them in fuch account, out of any monies in ^all be*reirathe hands of fuch receiver general, arifing from any duties receiv- burled out of able by him as fuch receiver general ; and fuch receiver general the extractor his deputy fhali, and they are hereby refpedively required t0	^

pay the fum fo allowed in fuch account as aforefaid, or to remit 1C aim^ the fame, within ten days after the receipt of fuch order, to the overfeers of the poor of the parifh, tything, or place, from which fuch order fhali have been tranfmitted to him, and fuch order, certifying the amount allowed in fuch account, (hall be a fufficient difeharge to fuch receiver general for payment of fuch fum of money; and which fums fhali be reimburfed to fuch receiver general, out of the fums voted for the extraordinaries of the army as before mentioned.

4	XII.	And

Hosted by

Google

190

When his Maxell v fhall think fit to difband any embodied provilional cavalry, the commanding officer lhall, at fiich time

Anno regni tricefinio nofio GEoftftii III. c* [1798;

XII. And be it further enaded, That whenever his Majefty (ball think it convenient to difband any regiment or corps of provilional cavalry now embodied, the officer having the command thereof (hall, at fuch time as the general officer of the diftrid fhall, purfuant to his Majefty’s direction to be fignified in fuch order* fix, caufe the provifjonal cavalry of fiich county or riding to be marched, under their refpedive officers, to any place or places appointed for that purpofe, within the county, ridirig, or place to as the general which they refpedively belong; and the lieutenant or deputy d^rSffiies6 ^eutenants °f fuch county, riding, or place, fhall oh fome conve-caufe\hem to n‘ent day preceding the day fixed for difbanding fuch provisional march to the cavalry, caufe the fame to be muttered, and there to be difbanded. place appointed, previous to which they fhall be miiftered.

Pay, allow- XIII. And be it further enabled, That all pay of the officers fTsfic*	and P™vate men	provifional	cavalry	now embodied, which

ceafe from the be difbanded as afofefaid, and all allowances for the keep days fixed for cf any fuch mares or geldings belonging to the provisional cavalry not now embodied, and all further Services under the Said ads, or any of them, fhall wholly ceafe and determine from the refpedlive days fixed, in manner herein-before* mentioned, for the difbanding the fame,

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the receiver general of up an account every county, riding* and place in England, fliall, as foon after of monies ad* the paffing of this ad as the fame can be done, make up an ac-vanced and count of all monies advanced by him under any of the (aid ads, apport'ffin the and a^° an account °f ad monies which have been repaid to hirrf lumsduefrom on account of the fame, and fhall compare the fums advanced each divifion; with the fums repaid, in eaich divifion of the county or riding and may re- for which there are^ feparate fets of aCfing commiffioners of

land tax, and apportion the fums due from each divifion; and the Said receiver general may, and he is hereby authorifecl to require the feveral clerks to the lieutenants and deputy lieute-alfo the feveral clerks of the commiffioners of land tax within his county, riding, or place, to make out and tr3nf-mit, with all difpatch, not to exceed, in any cafe, two months from the Said account being required by fuch receiver general, all fuch accounts as he may think neceffary to enable him to make out fuch accounts, and to apportion fuch charges in manner Pen alt y ofa ol herein-before required; and if any fuch clerk fhall negled or re-on clerk for fufe to make out luel^accounts within the time herein-before required, he fhall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the Sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may by the faid ads, or any of them, be recovered.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That the receivers genera! of the feveral counties, ridings, and places in England, fhall, as foon as they fhall refpedively have made up their accounts of the fe**

made up their veral fums due in the feveral divifions of their refpedive coun-ties or ridi"gs> and *n f£veral places, caufe the refpedive fiirns duetto fums fo appearing due, to be certified under their refpedive hands, the clerks to or the hands of their refpedive deputies, to the feveral clerks the commif- t0 the commiffioners for executing an ad of the laft feffion efi

difbandment.

Receiver general to make

quire the clerks to the lieutenancy, and to the

commiffioners na;it5> and of land tax, to tranfmit him fiich accounts as he may think fieceffiry for that purpofe.

neglect.

The receivers general, as foon as they (hall have

Hosted by Google

I^98.] Anlio fegni tricefirho n6no GIeorgii III, d. 23.	191

parliament, intituled. An afi for repealing the duties upon male fioners for ex-fervants^ carriages, horfes, mules, and dogs, and for granting to his egUQ^ c Majejly other duties in lieu thereof ; and the refpe&ive clerks to fuch ^ w^o Vli ali commiflioners (hall immediately proceed, upon the receipt of fuch proportion certificate, to make out and proportion the refpedtive fums to be the i'ura to be added to each perfon’s laft affeifment of the faid duties on horfes in their refpe&ive divifions and places, and all fuch fums fo cer- afieflment of tified {hall, by force and virtue of ftich certificate, be affefTed by the duties on the refpedtive commiftioners, in their feveral and refpedtive divi- horfes. fions, upon all and every the perfons liable to the duties upon horfes, in like manner in every refpedt, and according to the fame rules and directions, as are mentioned in the faid adt of the laft feflion of parliament, for the regulation of the provifional force of cavalry; and every fuch clerk who fhall not, within one month Penaltyof 20I. after the receipt of fuch certificate, make out an account of the 011 f°r . due proportion of each perfon’s aifeflments, in manner herein-nege before and in the faid a£t directed, (hall forfeitand pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as any penalties may be recovered and applied under the faid firft recited ads.

XVI.	And be it further enaCted, That in every cafe where the Where dedeputy lieutenants of any county or riding {hall, at any general putylieute-meeting of lieutenancy, have made any order, or granted any cer- have tificate for the payment, by any receiver general, of any money derfox-pay-under any of the faid ads, without diftinguifhing in fuch order ment ot moor certificate, the proportions of the fums to be afTeffed in each ney by any divilion of fuch county or riding for the repayment to the faid re- receiver gene-ceiver general of the money to be aJvanced upon fuch order or diftimmilhing Certificate, and fuch receiver general fhall thereupon have ad- the fifms to vanced fuch fum of money, that then, and in every fuch cafe, it be aifefied in fhall be lawful for fuch receiver general, and he is hereby required,

to apportion fuch fum of money among the feveral divifions °f po,t?on the fuch county or riding, in proportion to the number of men railed Gme, in pro-for the provifional cavalry in each of fuch divifions, as near as portion to th£ the fame can be done, and thereupon to caufe the refpective fums number of of money, that appear upon fuch apportionment to be the refpec- certify the tive proportions of each divifion as aforefaid, to be certified under f*me to the his hand, or the hand of his deputy, to the feveral clerks to the clerks to the Commiftioners aforefaid, of the feveral divifions of fuch county Q°™hm,^*°-nerS or riding, in their refpective divifions; and the faid refpedtive ^onsewhVo' fums of money fo certified by fuch receiver general as aforefaid, thall appor-fhall be thereupon immediately apportioned by fuch refpective tion the fame, clerks, and aifeifed, raifed, levied, and collected in the refpedtive divifions, in like manner in every refpedt, and according to the fame rules and regulations, and under the like penalties, as are herein-before directed in other cafes of money certified by fuch receiver general for the purpofe of being aifelfed as aforefaid.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Alfeflmcnts. afTeffments made before the patfing of this a£t upon -the feveral

perfons liable to the duties upon horfes in their refpedtive divi- the duties on jions, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be refpedtively valid horfes, to be

alfcif- valid though

Hosted by Google

igz

not added to the laft aflefiT-ment, and may be collected fepa-rately.

Anno regtii tricefimo nono Georgii III. a 23. [ij9S.

afTefTments, notwithftanding that any bf fuch afteftments fhall not have been added to each perfon’s laft afteftment of the faid duties on horfes, in fuch refpedlive divifion, in the manner directed by the faid recited acts, but (hall have been made feparate and diftindt therefrom; and it (hall be lawful in every fuch cafe for the faid refpe&ive commiffioners in every fuch divifion, to caufe fuch affeffment: to be collected and levied feparate and diftindt from the other afteftment of the duties on horfes or perfons in fuch divifion, and they are hereby refpedfively authorifed to caufe fuch afTefTments to be levied by diftrefs and Tale of the goods of the party aftefted, and for that purpofe to iffue warrants for the levying thereof in fuch and the like manner, and to proceed therein by all fuch ways and means, and under fuch powers, as they may lawfully do in the levying any afteftment of the duties upon horfes under any adt or adts relating to fuch laft-mentioned afTefTments.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That if the refpedlive commiffioners of land tax and other the duties before-mentioned, fhall negledt or refufe to perform the feveral duties required of them under this adt, or any of them, or fhall left to perform negledt or refufe to iffue any warrant of diftrefs for the levying of

If the commiffioners of land tax, and the other duties, neg-

their duty, two juftices may perform it.

any fum of money contained in any fuch affeffment as aforefaid, made upon any perfon within the divifion of fuch commiffioners refpedtively, To negledting or refullng as aforefaid, that then, and in every fuch cafe, it fhall be lawful for any two juftices of the peace of the county or riding where fuch default (hall be made, upon complaint being exhibited to them of fuch omiffion and rregledt by the receiver general of fuch county or riding, or his deputy, or by any infpedtor or furveyor of the faid duties, or by the collector appointed to colledl the fame, and fuch juftices are hereby required to execute the feveral duties, matters, and things, omitted or negledled to be done by fuch commiffioners, and on proof thereof, on the oath or affirmation of any credible witnefs or witneffes, to iffue their warrant for the levying fuch aftefFment as aforefaid, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the party aftefted ; and fuch juftices are hereby authorifed and required to adt in all matters and things relating thereto, and carry this a61 into execution in all matters relating thereto, in as full and ample a manner, and with fuch and the like powers and authorities, as fuch com-miffioners ought to and might have done.

XIX.	And be it further enadted, That all fuch fums of money as fhall have been or fhall be advanced by the refpedtive re^* ceivers general in purfuance of the faid adts, and fhall not have not be affeffed been or fhall not be ,aftefted by any afteftment within the year within the ending on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred, year ending	afpefpe(j	anc]	raifed,	levied	and	paid, in the refpedtive divi-

it ma/be °0> ^lons m or for which the fame monies fhall have been or fhall be afteffied the advanced, upon the fame perfons, refpedlively, who by any afteff-ment to be made of the duties upon horfes for the year com-mencingafter thefaid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred, fhall be charged to the faid duties, and in proportion to the number of horfes fo charged upon fuch perfons refpedlively.

XX.	Pro-

Jf money advanced by the receiver general fhall

next year.

Hosted by Google

1798-] Annoregni trlcefimo none Geor^ii 111. c. 24-—28. 193

XX* Provided always, and be it further ena£h?d. That this Ad may be may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or ads to be this^* HVade in this feflion of parliament.	fellion*

CAP. XXIV.

An ad to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of May next, an ad made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,- chapter nine, videlicet, On the fourth day of January one thoufand /even hundred and ninety nine, for continuing feveral ads, made in the thirty-fixth, thirty-feventh, and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for fufpending the operation of certain ads, made in the fifteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for retraining the negotiation of promifi’ory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

—[March 21, 1799*]

CAP. XXV.

An ad to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of May next, an ad, pafled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Maiefty, chapter ten, videlicet, On the fourth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing feveral ads for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to iflue notes for fums under a certain amount.—

[March 21, 1799.]

Provided neverthelefs, That it fhall not be lawful to iflue any note, bill, or ticket-, under the authority of this ad, for any fum under five ftiiliings fterKng.

C A P. XXVI.

An ad to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred, an ad, palled in the feflion of parliament holden in the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majefty, chapter feventy- fix, videlicet, On the fixth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, for difallowing the bounty on the exportation to Ireland of fail cloth or canvas of the manufadure of Great Britain.—

[March 2i, 1799.]

CAP. XXVII.

An ad to revive and continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred, an ad, pafled in the feflion of parliament of the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majefty, chapter feventy-two, videlicet, On the fixth of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being of the manufadure of Ireland, except for the purpofe of being warehoufed for exportation.— [March 21, 179^.]

CAP. XXVIII.

An ad to continue, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred, an ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, chapter fifteen, videlicet. On the thirteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-five, for granting a bounty on certain fpecies of Britifh and Irifh linens exported; and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax.—[March 21, 1799.]

Vot. XLII.	O	CAP.

*94 Anno regni tricefimo nono GeorgiI III. c. 29. [1798.

CAP. XXIX.

An adl for enabling bis Majefy to fettle an annuity of twelve thoufand pounds on his royal higknefs prince Edward, and a like annuity of "twelve thoufand pounds on bis royal highnefs prince Erneft Auguftus, during his Majefy s pleafure.—[March 21, 1799.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble*	T	7*E,	your	^aJe^y>s	m°ft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the coni-

V V nions of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, having taken into our confideration your Majefty’s moft gracious meftage, wherein your Majefty has been pleafed toexprefsyourdefireof making competent provifion for the honourable fupport and maintenance of your dearly-beloved fons prince Edward and prince Erneft Augujlu$, which the monies applicable to the purpofes of your Ma-jefty^s civil government would be inefficient to defray; do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-His Majelt m°ns, {n this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority may grant to	fame>	That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the King’s

prince Ed- moft excellent majefty, by any warrant or warrants under his royal ward and fign manual, to give and grant unto their royal highneftes prince Auaiftus1'^ Edward and prince Erneft Auguftus refpe&ively, his Majefty’s annuities of fourth and fifth fons, for and during his Majefty’s royal will and i2,oool. each, pleafure, two feveral annuities, not exceeding to each of them from Jan. 5, twelve thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, which 1 uarterl^^mt ma)Tevera^y commence and takeefted! from the fifth day of January of the con- one thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine, and (hall be refpec-folidated	tively paid quarterly, at the four ufual days of payment in the

*und.	year; that is to fay, The fifth day of April, the fifth day of July,

the tenth day of OSiober, and the fifth day of January, in every year; and that the faid refpedtive annuities mall and may, by fuch warrant or warrants, be diredled to be ifTued and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the fund called The Confolidated Fund, (after paying, or reserving fufficient to pay, all fuch fum and fums of money as hath or have been dire&ed to be paid out of the fame by any former atft or a£ts of parliament, but with preference to all other payments which (hall or may hereafter be charged upon and payable out of the faid fund).

The annuities II. And be it further enacfted, That the faid refpective annuity be paid at tjes 0f twelve thoufand pounds each (hall, during his Majefty’s without fees^ royal will and pleafure, be paid and payable at the receipt of his and to he free Majefty’s exchequer, out of the faid fund; and the auditor of from all taxes, the faid receipt (hall, and he is hereby required by virtue of fuch warrant or warrants, to make forth and pafs debentures, from time to time, for paying the faid refpe&ive annuities, as the fame

(hall

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 30.	195

fhall become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof; and the refpedive acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of their faid royal highneffes, or of fuch other perfon or perfons as fhall be by them refpedively authorifed and appointed to receive fuch refpe&ive annuities, or any part thereof, (hall be a good, and fufficient difcharge for the payment thereof; and the faid debentures to be made forth and paffed upon the faid warrant or warrants (hall be a fufficient authority to the feveral and refpedive officers of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time being, for the payment of the faid refpe&ive annuities to their faid royal highneffes, during the continuance of the fame, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf; and that the faid refpedive annuities fo to be given and granted fhall be free and dear from all taxes, rates, and afleft-ments, and all other charges whatfoever.

CAP. XXX.

An aft to enable his Majejiy to fettle on her royal highnefs the princefs Amelia, part of the annuity of thirty thoufand pounds per annum, which his Majejiy was enabled to fettle on their royal highnejfes his Majejiy9s other daughters, out of the hereditary revenues, by virtue of an aft paffed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy.—[March 21, 1799.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

W” HERE AS your Majejiy has been gracioujly pleafed to exprefs Preamble.'

your defire to your faithful commons, that your Majejiy Jhould he enabled to ?nake the like provifion for your Majejiy9s daughter, her royal highnefs the princefs Amelia, as your Majejiy has been enabled to make for the other branches of your royal family: and whereas by an aft, pafj'ed in the eighteenth year of your Majejiy s reign, intituled,, An ad for enabling his Majeify to fettle on their royal *8 Geo. 3. highneffes the princes Frederick bifhop of Ofnaburgh, William0' 31* recit*d. Henry^ Edward^ Ernejl AuguftuS) Avgijlus Frederick) and Adolphus Frederick) an annuity of fixty thoufand pounds per annum\ and alfo to fettle on their royal highneffes the princeffes Charlotte Augujla Matilda) Augufta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, one other annuity of thirty thoufand pounds per annum; and alfo to fettle on his highnefs prince William Frederick one other annuity of eight thoufand pounds per annum) and on her highnefs the princefs Sophia Matilda) one other annuity of four thoufand pounds per annum) it is enafted, That it Jhould be lawful for your Majejiy, by any letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, to give and grant to their royal highnejfes princefs Charlotte Augufta Matilda, princefs Augufta Sophia, princefs Elizabeth, princefs Mary, and princefs Sophia, and to the furvivors or furvivor of themy or to fuch other perfon or perfons as your Majejiy Jhould think fit to be named in fuch letters paten t, and his or their heirs during the lives of

o 2	their

196 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. e. 30. [1798 •!

their /aid royal highnejfes, and the life of the furvivor of them, an annuity or yearly fum of money not exceeding the fum of thirty thoufand founds of lawful money of Great Britain, by the year, to commence and take ejfefi from the day of the demife of your Majefty, and to be charged and chargeable upon all or any part or parts of fuch of the hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, as were then carried to and made part of the fund called The General or Aggregate Fund, and Cut offuch. part of the rates of poft age, as Jhould belong to and be part cf the hereditary revenues of the crown, with a certain provifo, That upon the marriage of any of their faid royal highne/fes, and the payment of a portion not lefs than forty thoufand pounds Jlerling, the rights title, fare, and inter eft, of'fitch princefs fo being married, in and to the faid yearly rent or annuity of thirty thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, Jhould Ceafe and determine, and the faid whole annuity Jhould from thenceforth accrue and remain to the other princeffes: and whereas fmce the pajfmg of the faid aft, her faid royal highnefs princefs Charlotte Augufta Matilda hath been married, and a portion not lefs than forty thoufand pounds hath been paid in confederation of fuch marriage: and. whereas the hereditary revenues of the crown have been fmce carried to and made part of the confolidated fund: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the eraS mvere/to aut^ority t^ie ^ame’ That it fhall be lawful to and for the fettle on the King’s mod: excellent majefty, inftead of the faid annuity in the five prin- faid aft mentioned, by any letters patent, or by feveral letters pace fies, inftead tent, under the great feal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, memion"dUin^ t0 &lve anc* grant to their royal highneftes princefs Augufta So-the recited	phia, princefs. Elizabeth, princefs Mary, princefs Sophia, and

adt, an an-	princefs Amelia, and to the furvivors and furvivor of them, or

nuiry of to fuch other perfon or perfons as his Majefty fhall think fit to be named in fuch letters patent, and his or their heirs, during the lives of their faid royal highnefles, and the life of the furvivor of them, in the truft for their faid royal highnefles, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, one annuity or yearly fum of money, not exceeding the fum of thirty thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, by the year, to commence and take effect from the day of the demife of his Majefty, (whom God long preferve), and to be paid and payacle, by even and equal portions, on the four mod ufual days of payment in the year; (that is to fay). The fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Qftober; the firft payment thereof to be made on fuch of the faid days which (hall next happen after the demife of his faid Majefty; and that fuch annuity, or yearly fum of money, fhall or may, by fuch letters pa-nd to be a tent as	given	and	granted to iffue, and fhall accord-

able out of the ingly iftiie and be payable out of,, and be charged and chargeable hereditary re- upon, all or any part or parts of fuch of the hereditary duties, venues of the revenues, and branches, as were by an aft, paffed in the twenty-crown.	feventh

3o,oocl. to commence from the demife of his Majefty,

Hosted by Google

1798.] Annoregni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 30.	197

feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties compofmg the puhlick revenue \ for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of ^European dominions of the French King, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer, for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, carried to, and made part of, the confo-lidated fund, and (hall be then -fubfifting, and fhall then belong to, and be part of, the hereditary revenues of the crown.

II.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enabled. That upon the Regulations death of any of their faid royal highnefFes the princeiles, or upon ^ the marriage of any one of them, and the payment of a portion, nuity upon" on or in confideration of fuch marriage, not lefs than forty thou- the marriage fand pounds flerling, the right, title, (hare, and intereft, of fuch or death of ' princefs fo dying, or being married, in and to the faid yearly rent an7 or annuity of thirty thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, fhall Prince eSa ceafe and determine, and the faid whole annuity fhall, from thenceforth, accrue and remain to the four other princeiles; and upon the death or marriage of any other of the faid princeiles, and the payment of a portion, not lefs than forty thoufand pounds fterling, on or in confideration of fuch marriage, the right, lhare, and intereft, of fuch other princefs fo dying, or being married, in or to the faid annuity of thirty thoufand pounds fhall ceafe and determine, and the faid whole annuity fhall from thenceforth accrue and remain to the three other princeffes; and upon the death or marriage of any other of the faid princeftes, and the payment of a portion not lefs than forty thoufand pounds fterling, on or in confideration of fuch marriage, the right, lhare, and intereft, of fuch other princefs fo dying, or being married, in or to the faid annuity of thirty thoufand pounds fhall ceafe and determine, and the two third parts of the laid annuity of thirty thoufand pounds, amounting to twenty thoufand pounds, per annum, and no more, fhall accrue and belong to the other two princeftes then unmarried; and upon the death or marriage of either of the faid two laft-mentioned princeftes, and payment of a portion, not lefs than forty thoufand pounds fterling, on or in confideration of fuch marriage, the right, lhare, and intereft, of fuch princefs, of, in, and to the faid annuity of twenty thoufand pounds, (hall ceafe and determine, and the other of the faid princeftes then living (hall be entitled to twelve thoufand pounds per annum, part of the faid rent or annuity of twenty thoufand pounds, and no more, to ceafe and be determined on her death or marriage, and,the payment of a portion, not lefs than forty thoufand pounds fterling on or in confideration of fuch marriage.

III.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft: contained, or to This aft not be contained in fuch letters patent as aforefaid, lhail extend to hinder or obftruft the payments of any monies, by any former aft or afts ^ny money of parliament nowin force, charged upon the faid rates, duties, and heretofore

03	w	revenues,	charged on

198

the hereditary revenues.

Annuities to be paid, with' out fee, at the exchequer, or by the commiffioners, &c. of the revenues on which they are charged, and the receipts of the prin cedes,&c. ihall be fuf-ficient dif-charges.

Annuities to be tax-free.

In cafe the officers of the receipt of the exchequer, Sec. fliall neg-ledt to pay the annuities on demand,they, or their fecu-rities, may be Jued for tne fame.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 30, [1798.

revenues, or any of them, or the application thereof to the refpec-tive ufes intended by any former adts concerning the fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That all the faid annuities or yearly fums fhall be paid and payable either at the faid receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, or by and from the immediate hands of all and every the commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers for the time being, of the faid revenues refpedtively, upon which the faid annuities or yearly fums, or any part or parts thereof, (hall be charged by virtue of this a£f, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof; and the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of their faid royal highneffes princefs Augujia Sophia, princefs Elizabeth, princefs Mary, princefs Sophia, and princefs Amelia, refpedtively, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, or of fuch of them as fhall be entitled to receive any fuch annuity or yearly fum, or any part thereof, or of any perfon or perfons au-thorifed by-them, or any of them refpedfively, to receive the fame, fhall be a good and fufficient difeharge for the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf; and that the faid refpedtive annuities or yearly fums, and every part thereof, fhall be free and clear from •all taxes, impofitions, and other publick charges. whatfoever; and that if the officer of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, or the faid commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers for the time being, of any of the faid duties or revenues, upon which the faid annuities or yearly fums, or any part or parts thereof, fhall be charged as aforefaid, fhall refufe or negledt to pay the fame, upon demand to be made for that purpofe, or any part thereof, according to the true intent of this adt, and of fuch letters patent or letters patents, to be granted by his Majefty as aforefaid, then their faid royal highneffes princefs Augujlus Sophia, princefs Elizabeth, princefs Mary, princefs Sophia, and princefs Amelia, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, or fuch of them as fhall be entitled to receive the faid annuities, or any of them, or any part thereof, or fuch their trulfees refpedtively, may, from time to time, fue, profecute, and implead, fuch officers, commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their fecurities, their heirs, executors, and adminiftra-tors, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and fhall and may recover judgements, and fue out executions thereupon, againft fuch officers, commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers refpeclively, and their refpedtive fecurities, their heirs, executors, or admini-flrators, for fo much of fuch fum or fums of money then due and owing upon the faid feveral and refpedtive annuities, or any part thereof, as fhall have been in the hands of fuch officers, commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers refpedtively, at the time and times when fuch demand fhall be made of the payment of the faid feveral and refpedtive annuities or yearly fums, or any part thereof, as aforefaid.

V. And

Hosted by Google

J79^*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii 1IL c. 31.	199

V.	And be it further enadtecl, That all and every the powers, All the pow-precepts, direftions, and claufes, to be contained in his Majefty’s ers» to be letters patent hereafter to be made as aforefaid, for the better ^Ma'eft^s and more certain payment and aflurance of the faid feveral an- letters pa-nuities or yearly fums, and for making the faid refpeftive reve- tent iecuring nues, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof, liable there- paymentft . unto as aforefaid, (hall be good and effectual in the law, accord-

ing to the tenor and purport thereof, in the faid letters patent or tuaj jaw# letters patents to be exprefled, notwithftanding any reftriftion or other matter or thing contained in any aft or afts of parliament, or any mifrecital, nonrecital, omiflion, or other defeft, in the faid letters patent or letters patents hereafter to be made by virtue of this aft.

VI.	Saving to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick General and corporate, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, ^avmS*

(other than the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors), all fuch right, title, intereft, and demand whatfoever, which they, or any

of them, have or may have, of, in, to, or out of the revenues aforefaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, before the making of this aft, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if this aft had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft to continue, until the tenth day of July one thoufand /even hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an aft pajfed in the lajl fef-fion of parliament, chapter ninety-two, videlicet. On the twenty-ninth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eighty . for granting to his Majefty additional duties on dijltileries in the feveral parts of the highlands ^/Scotland, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on diftilleries in the refpeftive diftrifts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majefy certain additional duties on fpirits difilled for confumption, and a duty on unmalted grain ufed in difiillation in Scotland.—[April 10, 1799*]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an aft was made in the lafl fejfion of parliament, Preamble.

intituled, An aft to revive, continue until the tenth day of 38 Geo. 3. April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend c. 9a, recited, an aft, palled in the Iaft felTion of parliament, intituled, cAn aft for granting to his Majefty additional duties on diftilleries in the feveral parts of the highlands of Scotland therein particularly defcribed, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on diftilleries in the refpeftive diftrifts in Scotlandand for granting to his Majefty certain additional duties on fpirits diftilled for confumption, and a duty on unmalted grain ufed in diftillation in Scotland; and for altering and amending certain other afts of parliament for the regulation of diftilleries in Scotland; which was to continue in force until the tenth day of April one thou-

04.	fund

Hosted by Google

duty upon Britifh lpivits in ftock)further continued until July Jo, 1799-

200 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 31. [1798.

find feven hundred and ninety~nine: and whereas it. is proper and ex-pedient that the ftaid aft Jhould he further continued, and in part <?/.-tered: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem^ poral, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by d the dutl s the authority of the fame, That the faid adt, and all the duties thereby im-^ ^'lereKv inapofed or continued, (fave and except the further duty pofed,(except °f excite of one fnilling for and upon every gallon of Britijh the further fpirits found, on the firft adtual furvev, by the proper officer, upon or after the thirteenth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, in the ftock, cuftody, or poffeffion of any diftiller, redfifier, or compounder, dealer in or retailer of fpirits, in any part of Scotland), and all the powers, proviftons, regulations, claufes, matters, and things therein contained (except as herein-after excepted or altered), (hall, from and after the faid tenth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine,be further continped and in force, the fame are hereby further continued in force, until the tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

II.	And be it further enadfed, That every licence for the dif-tilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or fpirits, in the lowlands of Scotland, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing, of any kind of fpirits, in any part of Scotland, which {hall have been granted or renewed upon or after the tenth day of Oftober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and tinue in force which was to continue in force from the faid tenth day of Ofto-till April 10, her one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight inclufive, to the to be further tenth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine Tu^Tq16? exc^uhve, (hall be further continued and in force from the faid fubjedt to7the tenth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine fame rate of inclufive, to the tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred intereft which and ninety-nine exclufive, and no longer, fubjedt to the fame rate

inldvnnP?b-of d

uty for or in refpedt thereof, and under the fame terms, con-two inftal- * ditions, regulations, reftridtions, provifions, penalties, and for-ments.	feitures,	as	were contained in, or continued by the faid recited

adt of the laft feffion of parliament ; fave and except, that every perfcn to whom fuch licence {hall have been granted, and which licence {hall not h^ve been,or lhall not be vacated upon the condition in the faid add exprefl’ed, (hall, and he or (lie is hereby required, on the faid tenth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to pay down in advance, in ready money, to the proper officer appointed to receive the fame, one moiety of the full (urn payable under fuch licence for the fubfequent three months, from the faid tenth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to the tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine \ and (hall, on the twenty-fifth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, pay down in ready money in advance, the other moiety of the faid full fum payable under fuch licence, for the period aforefaid.

III. And

Licences for diftilling in the lowlands, and for rectifying in any part of Scotland, whLh were to eon-

Hosted by

Google

III And be it farther ena&ed, That every licence for ere<£t- Licences for ing, keeping, and working ftills in the highlands of Scotland, within Kills in the the refpeCtive counties, parts of counties, and limits, particularly ^hin^e jf. fpecified and defcribed in two a£ts of the thirty-third and thirty- mits fpecified feventh years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, which (hall in 33 Geo, 3. have been granted from the fifth day of July one thoufand feven c» 6*-hundred and ninety-eight inclufive, and which was to continue ^ i0a°which in force from the laid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hun- w*ere to dred and ninety-eight inclufive, until the faid tenth day of April continue in one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine exclufive, fhall be force till April further continued and in force from the faid tenth day of April the/cont/nu"" one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine inclufive, to the ed till July jo^ tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine 1799, upon exclufive, and no longer, upon payment of the fame, <and no payment of higher rate of duty for or in refpeCt of fuch licence to which dif- 1	CSthe*

tillers, in the faid refpe&ive diftri&s, were fubjeCt and liable un- latter ad. C der the faid a6t of the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the whole year, between the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and in the fame. proportion according to the time or number of days for which the laid licence (hall be further continued and in force;

that is to fay. For the time between the faid tenth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine exclufive, and the faid tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine exclufive; and fubjeCt to and under the fame terms, conditions, regulations, reftriCtions, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, as were contained in the faid recited ads of the thirty-feventh and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or either of them; fave and except, that when the licence duty Such licence after the rate of nine pounds fhall be paid for or upon each gal-Ion of a (till of forty gallons content, fuch duty (hall be held to ties on certajn be the licence duty on the fpirits manufactured in fuch ftill, quantities of from and after the aforel'aid tenth day of April one thoufand fpirits manu-feven hundred and ninety-nine, until the aforel'aid tenth day of fa<ftured> and July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to the extent of jfobe^aui for eight hundred and twenty-feven gallons Englijh wine meafure of the furplus* fpirits of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more ; and when the licence duty, after the rate of fix pounds and ten (hillings (hall be paid for or upon each gallon of a ftill of forty gallons content, fuch duty (hall be held to be the licence duty on the fpirits manufactured in fuch H ill, from and after the aforefaid tenth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, until the aforefaid tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to the extent of feven hundred and forty-four gallons Englijb wine meafure of fpirits, of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more; and when any fuch licence duties fhall be refpeCtively paid for any ftill of a lefter fize, the like proportion fhall be obferved refpeCtively as to the quantity of fpirits for which fuch licence fhall be held to have been paid ; and that for and upon all fpirits which fhall be manufactured

Hosted by Google

On giving previous notice, licences may be vacated.

A cl may be altered or re pealed this feflion.

Preamble,

nufadured from fuch licenfed ftills between the days aforefaid, over and above the refpedive quantities' aforefaid, there fhall be paid by every fuch diftiller a duty at and after the rate of three (hillings for each gallon of fuch furplus fpirits of the ftrength aforefaid, over and above the faid refpedive licence duties.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons licenfed to ered, keep, and work, any ftill or Hills for the diftilling, making, or manufaduring of low wines or fpirits in the lowlands of Scotland, for confump-tion in Scotland, or for redifying, compounding, or mixing any kind of fpirits in any part of Scotland, to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences to the faid commiffioners, or to the proper fupervifor of the diftrid or officer of the divifion, to be vacated upon the condition herein-after exprefled, and at the time herein-after particularly mentioned, that is to fay. Every fuch perfon or perfons intending to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences, to be vacated, (hall give to the faid commiffioners, fupervifor, or officer, fifteen days previous notice, in writing, figned by fuch perfon or perfons, of fuch intention, before he, (he, or they (hall be entitled to difcontinue the working of his, her, or their ftill or ftills licenfed as aforefaid; and thereupon the faid commiffioners, fupervifor, or officer, (hall, and they are hereby refpedively authorifed to vacate the faid licence or licences, but not fopner than at and from the end of any one calendar month, for which time the licence duty has been adually paid in advance by fuch perfon or perfons, and in that cafe the proportion of the licence duty payable for or in refped of fuch ftill or ftills, for the unexpired term of his, her, or their licences, during which the working of the faid ftill or ftills (hall be difcontinued, fhall net be charged or chargeable upon, or payable or paid by fuch perfon or perfons who (hall have given fuch notice as aforefaid, and ceafed to work the faid ftill or ftills from and after the time fpecifted in fuch notice.

V.	And b: it further enaded, That this ad may be altered,

* varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be made in this prefent feffion of parliament.

CAP. XXXII.

An aCl to permit Jhips to fall from certain ports of the if and ^Newfoundland, and from the coajl of Labrador, without convoy.— [April 10, 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the benefit of the trade of the fiand 0/Newfoundland and of the coafi of Labrador, and the encouragement of the fijheries carried on from thence, that fhips and veffels fiiould, in fo?ne cafes, be permitted to fail and depart from the faid if and 0/Newfoundland and coafi of Labrador, without being under the protection of convoy; be it therefore enaded, by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this pre-

Hosted by 30gle

I798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III* c. 33.	203

fent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, Veffels laden That, from and after the palling of this ad, it {hall and may be lawful for any (hip or vefTel employed in the Newfoundland fifhery, or articies 0f9 being wholly laden with filh or other produce of the faid fifhery, the growth or or with articles of the growth or produce of the faid Aland ofPr°duceof Newfoundland or coafl: of Labrador, to fail or depart from any j^d^or La-port or place within the faid iiland, or on the faid coaft, (except brador, nny as herein-after is provided), without being accompanied with or fail without being under the protection of convoy, or without a licence hav- convoy or ing been obtained, authorifing fuch fhip or velTel fo to fail or de- llcence* part; any thing in an ad, palled in the lad: feffion of parliament, for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for other purpofes, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IL Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this a6t (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to permit or	^

allow any fhip of veflel to fail or depart from the port of Saint John's with-John's, in the faid iiland of Newfoundland, without being under out convoy or the protedion of convoy, or without licence being fir ft obtained licence, while

1	j	*	#	°	Anv nprlnn

for that purpofe, during the time any admiral, or other perfon authorifed to duly authorifed by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or by grant licences the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral ihall be reii-for the time being, to grant licences for permitting {hips or vef- dent thereat, fels to fail or depart without being under the protedion of convoy, {hall be ftationed or refident at the faid port of Saint John's.

III.	And be it further enaded. That nothing in the before Polices of recited ad palled in the lad feffion of parliament Ihall extend, to^b^void^ or to be conftrued to extend, to render null or void any policy vetfe]s, Sec. of infurance made or to be made on any fhip or veffel, or on the failing from goods or merchandize laden therein, on account of fuch {hip or Newfbund-veffiel failing or departing from the iiland of Newfoundland or coad of Labrador, without being under the protedion of convoy, out convoy/ under the authority of this ad, nor Ihall any penalty be incurred nor any by any mader or commander of any fhip or velTel or by anv penalty to be other perfon whatever, on account of any lhip or veflel failing or incurrpd. departing under the authority of this ad, from the faid iiland of Newfoundland or coad of Labrador, without being accompanied with and under the protedion of convoy.

CAP. XXXIII.

An adt for railing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills for the fervice of the year one thoufand leven hundred and ninety-nine.

—[April 19, 1799.]

Commiffioners of the treafury may raife y,500,0001. by loans and exchequer bills before June 1, 1799, iR h^e manner as is preferibed by the malt a<5t of this feffion concerning loans. The claules, &c. in the faid ad relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills foilfued not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before Nov. 20, 1799. Action not to he for refufal.

Principal and intereft, with charges, to be repaid out of any money payable under 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. and if the money paid under that ad before Nov. 20, 1799, be infufficient, to be charged on the confolidated fund.

Exchequer bills may be paid in on inftalments to be made under 39 Geo.3.

c. 13*

Hosted by Google

c. 13, Monies iffued out of the confolidated fund, to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fura on the credit of this aft j notwithftanding the a& j & 6 Gul. & Mariae, c. ao. or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft for repealing two afts, pajfed in the thirty fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majejlyy which limit the time for killing partridges in England and Scotland ; and for amending fo much of an afti pajfed in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, as relates to fuch limitation within that part of Great Britain called England, by making other provifons for that purpofe.—[April 19,1799.]

*6 Geo. a.

39 >

Preamble.	fry Qn pajfed in the fecond year of the reign

2	Gee. 3. W of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An adl/for the better pre-c, 19	fervation	of	the game in that part of Great Britain called England;

it was, amongfi other things, enafted, That no perfon or perfons, after the firjl day of June one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-twO) Jhould) upon any pretence whatfoever, take, kill) defroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his, her, or their pojfeffton or ufe, any partridge, between the twelfth day of February and the firjl day of September, in any year, under the penalty therein mentioned: arid whereas by another aft) pajfed in the thirty-fexth year of the reign of his prefent" Majejly, for amending the faid lajl mentioned aft) the faid refriftion was repealed ; and it was enabled) That, from and after the paffing of the faid aft) no perfon or perfons Jhould, on any pretence whatfoever, take, kill, defroy, carry, fell) buy,	/;/r,	<?r	their	pojfejjion or

ufe) any partridge, between the twelfth day of February	the four-

teenth day of September, in any year, under the fatne penalty as by the faid laf mentioned aft is impofed: and whereas by an aft, pajfed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled) An a£t for the more effe&ua! prefervation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotla?jd, and for repealing and amending feveral of the laws now in being, relative thereto; it was,amongf other things enafted, That every perfon who Jhould wilfully take, kill9 defroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his or her pojfejjion or ufe, any partridge, between the firf day of February and the firf day of September, in any year, Jhould be liable to the penalty therein mentioned: and whereas by another aft pajfed in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, Jor amending the faid laf mentioned aft, the and 36 Geo 3. faid refriftion was repealed; and it was enaftedThat) from and recited.	pafing of the faid aft) every perfon who Jhould wilfully takey

kill, defroy, f^rry, fell, buy) or have in his or her pojfefion or ufe) vjithin that part of Great Britain called Scotland,	partridge,

firf day of February the fourteenth day of September* in any year, Jhould be liable to the fame penalties and forfeitures as by the faid laf mentioned aft are impofed: and whereas it is expe~ dient that the faid afts, pajfed in the thirty fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, Jhould be repealed, and that the faid aft of the fecond year oj his prefent Majefy Jhould be amended) fo far as refpefts

the

13 Geo. 3 c- 54;

Hosted by

Google

205

1798*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 35.

the time fo therein limited, within that part of Great Britain called England, by making other provifions for that purpofe: may k therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted ; and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty; by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That* from and after the parting of this a (ft, the faid ftecit^ recited adts, parted in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his repealed0* prefent Majefty, fhall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be P repealed.

II.	And be it further enadted That, from and after the parting Recited adt

of this adt, fo much of the faid recited adt parted in the fecond 2 Geo* 3* j	a	to rEr ss

year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the talcing, latestotaking,

killing, deftroying, ufing, or having any partridge, between the See.partridges

twelfth day of February and the firft day of September, in any between Feb.

year, fhall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed l2> and ^ePt-

III.	And be it further euadted, That, from and after the pafT- *’ rfej)ea c * ing of this adt, no perfon or perfons fhall, on any pretence what- ^y^arf-foever, take, kill, deftroy, carry, fell, buy, or have, in his, her, ridge between or their pofleflion or ufe, any partridge within the kingdom of Feb. 1, and Gfeat Britain, between the firft day of February and the firft day Sept- liable of September in any year; and if any perfon or perfons fhall ^Geof 3?S° tranfgrefs this adt in the cafe aforefaid, every fuch perfon fhall c.

be liable to the fame penalty as, by the faid adt of the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, is laid and impofed on any perfon or perfons tranfgrefling the fame; fuch penalty to be impofed, inflidted, recovered, applied, and difpofed of, in fuch and the fame manner, and under fuch and the fame rules, regulations, and reftridtions, as in and by the faid adt is provided and diredted with .refpedt to the penalty thereby impofed on perfons tranf-grefting the faid adt.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft for exempting, during the prefent war, perfons, ferving in volunteer corps, and affociations, from being ballotted for the militia, under certain conditions.—[May 10, 1799.]

WHEREAS it will tend to the further protections and to the Preamble* internal fecurity of this kingdoms if every perfons ferving in volunteer corpSs or in affociations for the defence of particular cities, townss or placeSs and for maintaining publick tranquillity and good order, within the fames was to be exempted from ferving perfonallys or providing a fubjlitutesin the militias to beraifed by virtue of two aftsy made in the twenty -fixth and thirty-feventh years of the reign of his prefent Majejlys be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,* That every perfon Perfons en-enrolled, or to be enrolled, and ferving in any volunteer corps, ro]led in vo* or in any corps or body of men afibciated for the defence of any oraflbciadonV,

city* not liable*to

Anno regni tricefimo nono GeorgiI III. c. 35. [1798.

city, town, or place, and for maintaining publick tranquillity and good order within the fame, whether of infantry or cavalry, which new are or (hall be raifed in purfuance of any a6l or a<5ts of parliament, (hall be exempt from being liable to ferve perfonally, or to provide a fubftitute, in the militia, authorifed to be railed by the faid ads, or either of them.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the names of all perfons now enrolled and ferving in any fuch corps, or afTociation, fhall be entered on a mufter roll, a copy of which Ihall be tranf-mitted to the lieutenant of the county on or before the fifteenth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, figned by the commanding officer of the corps or company to which fuch perfons fhall belong; and that monthly returns, fpecifying. the enrolment of all fuch perfons as may after the paffing of this ad be enrolled in any fuch corps or afTociation, fhall be, in like manner, tranfmitted by the commanding officer thereof to fuch lieutenant, or to fome perfon appointed by him to receive the fame; and that all fucb mufter rolls and returns fhall be fmgofthisad, certified by fuch lieutenant, or other perfon as aforefaid, to the rnitted^in^' c^er^ °f general meetings of the. lieutenancy, within ten like manner days a^er they fhall have been fo tranfmitted ; and the faid and certified clerk of the general meeting is hereby required forthwith to by the heute- tranfmit copies thereof to the feveral fubdivifion meetings holden cler^of'the ^or PurP°^e hearing appeals againft the militia lift returned general	from each parifh.

206

to ferve or provide a fubftitute in the militia.

The names of volunteers now enrolled to be entered on a muiter loll; and tranfmitted to the county lieutenant, by May 15, 1799; and monthly returns of perfons enrolled after the paf-

Mufter rolls to be tranfmitted yearly to the county lieutenants, and certified

III.	Provided always, and be it further enadted. That frefh mufter rolls fhall, in the prefent and every future year, be tranfmitted in the like manner to the lieutenant of the county, or other perfon authorifed as aforefaid to receive the fame, on or before the twenty-fourth day of December, and (hall be certified by

by them tothe him to the clerk of the general meeting thereof bv the fifth day C'eneral°meet January following, in the manner and for the purpofes herein-fngTand the" bef°re mentioned; and that the commanding officer fo tranf-commanding mittingthe fame, fhall annex thereto a certificate figned by him-officer to felf, certifying that he has not, to the beft of his knowledge and annex a certi- belief, inferted in the faid mufter roll the name of any perfon perfons in- ^ wh° has n0N ^ince	date	t^e Pad"lr,g °f this a&> (or fince

fcrtedinthe the date of his enrolment, if the fame fhall have been pofterior roll have duly to the paffing of this aft), duly attended at the exercife of the a^nded ex- COTpSf> 0r afTociation, unlefs prevented by ficknefs, or by fuch eiLUt*	other fufficient reafon as fhall have been duly allowed by the

commanding officer ; and no perfon fhall at any time be entitled to claim fuch exemption as aforefaid, unlefs his name fhall be found either on the laft mufter rolls which fhall have been fo tranfmitted and certified as aforefaid, or on fome monthly return which fhall be pofterior thereto.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That no perfon fhall be entitled to claim fuch exemption as aforefaid by reafon of his enrolment

_ and fervice in any corps of volunteers, or in any afTociation, unlefs

the commanding officer thereof fhall, at the times oftranfmitting that the corps	0

has been in-	th-

No perfon to be entitled to exemption, unlefs the commanding

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 35.	207

the mufter rolls of fuch corps or aflociation in manner aforefaid, fpedled within

certify at the foot thereof that fuch corps or aflociation has been 3 months, by

infpebled at leaft once in the fpace of the three months imme- fiej^officer,

diately preceding the date thereof, by fome general or field or that it is

officer of his Majefty’s regular forces, or, if fuch infpedfion fhall ready to be

not have taken place, that fuch corps or aflociation is ready in*P^e<**

and willing to be fo infpebled, at leaft twice in the fix months c£P,es ofcer-•	.	^	1	'	9	tinc itcs to

immediately following, at its ufual place or places and times c^rtjfied. to

of meeting; copies of which certificates fhall be certified by fuch the clerk of

lieutenant to the clerk of the general meeting, and by him to general

the fubdivifion meetings, together with the mufter rolls.	meetings.

V.	And be it further enabled, That in the laid mufter rolls ^^otif^in1*” and monthly returns, there fhall be regularly inferted the names indention of^ of every fuch pcrfon as, having been enrolled in any fuch difcontinuing volunteer corps or aflociation as aforefaid, fhall, flnce the their fervice, date of the laft mufter roll or monthly return, have notified to difchar-0 e^to the commanding officer thereof his intention of difcontinuingbelnfened* ° his fervice therein, or have been difcharged from fuch corps or in the mufter aflociation by the commanding officer thereof, on account of rolls and non-attendance or otherwife ; and that if any fuch perfon, during s^^ancf if the period of his having been enrolled in fuch corps or affocia- f^ch p’erfons tion, fhall have been drawn for the militia, and have been fhall have exempted from fervice therein on account of his enrolment and been previouf-fervice in fuch volunteer corps or aflociation, he fhall on fuch refignation or difcharge as aforefaid, be able to ferve for the exempt_ diftridt in which he was drawn in the fame manner as if he had ed, they fhall, not been exempted ; and if there fhall beat that time no vacancy on fuch relig-for the diftridt for which he was drawn, he or his fubftitute fhall ^on or

be accounted as a lupernumerary for the fame until a vacancy bebable^ fhall arife.	to ferve.

VI.	And with a view to the better execution of this be it County lieu-

further enabled, That his Majefty’s lieutenants of the feveral tenants to counties and places in Great Britain, fhall, once in every year,	a

tranfmit to one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, j^rcUry of an abftradt of the feveral mufter rolls fo tranfmitted to them date, anab-refpebtively within the year; which abftradt fhall exprefs the ftradl of the names of the feveral corps, or aflociations the number of perfpns mu^er roils“ enrolled and ferving therein refpedtively* their conditions of fervice, and whether the fame have been infpebled, or are willing

to be infpebled, as aforefaid.	vr ^	*	n	‘

VII.	And be it further enabled, That mufter rolls, returns, &CU i^the and certificates, refpedtively made up, returned, and certified, forms annex-according to the feveral forms thereof, A, B, C, and D, an-ed, or inftru. nexed to this abl, (hall be deemed to be fufficient and valid for ?^a the purpofes of the fame; but that if, from any variation of cir- portj to ^ cumftances, or other reafon, thefe forms fhould not be ftriclly deemed valid, adhered to, inftruments of a fimilar import may neverthelefs be

deemed fufficient for the purpofes aforefaid.	.

VIII.	And be it enabled, That this adt fhall have continuance J^0^nuance during the prefent war, and no longer.

FORMS

Hosted by Google

FORMS referred to in the above ACT.

A.

FORM of mufter roll and certificates, to be tranfmitted by the commanding officers of volunteer corps or affiociations to the lieutenant of the county or place, on or before the fifteenth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and on or before the twenty-fourth day of December, in that and every fucceeding year.

To A. li. his Majefty’s lieutenant for the	of

MUSTER ROLL of the perfons enrolled and ferving in the	of	volunteers, or

aflociation, commanded by

\rO.	Name.	When  enrolled.	No.	Name.	When  enrolled.	No.	Name.	When  enrolled.	No.	N arae.	When  enrolled.	No.	Name.	When  enrolled.
1  2  3  4-  5  6  7  8  9  10  11  12 *3  14  15	C. D.  E. F. G. H.	I May, 17 94*												

N. B. Difcharged or quitted fince the date of the laft mufter-roll,

A. B.

C. D. &c.

Signed,

December 24, 17 K. L. Commanding officer.

CER.

Hosted by Google

1798*] Anno regni tricefimci nond GeoRgii III. c. 35. CERTIFICATE.

I,	K• L. commanding officer of the	do

hereby certify, in purfuance of an aft of parliament* parted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft, [here infert the title of the aft], that the conditions of fervice agreed to by the faid corps of	or

affociatiotij are as follows; videlicet, That the faid corps or affociation has confcnted, [hereSpecify the conditions of fervice) ; and that all and every the perfons named in the above mufter roll have duly rtgnified to me, [or other commanding officer of the corps or affociation), their confent thereto.

[N. B. The following paragraph is to be omitted in the mttjler roll to be fent on or before the fifteenth of May o?ie thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine ; but is to be infer ted in all tbofe to be tranfmined on or before the twenty-fourth of December in each year].

(And I do further certify, That I have not, to the beft of my knowledge and belief, inferted, or caufed to be inferted, in the above mufter roll, containing (fpecify the number) names, the name of any perfon who has not, fince the date of the parting the faid aft of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, [or fince the date of his enrolment, if the fame has been pofterior to the parting the faid aft], duly attended at the ex~ ercifeof the corps, or affociation, unlefs prevented by ficknefs, or by fuch other fufficient reafon as hath been duly allowed by me* or by the commanding officer of the corps or affociation for the time being).

And I do further certify, That the faid corps or affociation (hath, in the courfe of the three months immediately preceding the date hereof, been infpefted by A. B. general [or field) officer in his Majefty’s fervice), 0r,^(hath not within the lart: three months been infpefted in the manner required by the faid aft, but is ready and willing to be fo infpefted, as in the faid aft is provided.)

Signed*

K. L.

Commanding Officer*

Dated the

Vol. XLII.	P	FORM

Hosted by Google

no

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii-IIL c. 35. [1798*

FORM of confent of each perfon hereafter to be enrolled in any corps of volunteers or affociation, to the conditions of fervice thereof.

To it. L. commanding officer of the	of	volunteers

or	affociation.

I,	C. D. having enrolled myfelf in the faid corps, or affociation, do hereby confent and engage myfelfto the conditions of fervice thereof, videlicet, [here fpecify the conditions of Jirvice, as the cafe may he].

Signed Q D.

Dated	the

c.

FORM of monthly return and certificate of volunteer corpse or affociation, to be tranfmitted by the commanding officer thereof to the lieutenant of the county or place.

To A. B. his Majefty’s lieutenant for the	of

MONTHLY RETURN of the	of	com-

manded by

Colonel. j	Lieut. Colonel. |	Major. j	Captains. |	Captain Lieut. J	Lieutenants. j	Cornets. j	| Ensigns. j	| Quarter Masters j	j Serjeants. |	Corporals. j	<D  <U  c,  E  a  S-c	[ Drummers. j	Filers. j	Privates. j	Enrolled since last return;		Discharged, or quitted, or dead, since last return.	
															No.	Names.	No.	Names*
																		

Signed,	K.	L. Commanding Officer.

I,	K. L. commanding officer of the	do	hereby

certify, that the feveral perfons whofe names are herein contained, as enrolled in the faid corps or affociation fince the laft return thereof, have duly fignified to .me [or other commanding officer of the corps or affociation), under their hands, their confent to the conditions of fervice thereof.

abstract

Hosted by Google

lit

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 36, 37.

Di

ABSTRACT of mufter rolls to be yearly tranfmitted by the lieutenants of counties, See. to one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate*

To M. N. one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate.

ABSTRACT of mufter rolls of volunteer corps and affb-ciations within the	of	received by me O.P. his

Majefty’s lieutenant for the fame, fince the	day of

in the year

No.	Names and de-  i'cription of corps and alfociations.	Number of perfons enrolled, and ferv-ing therein.	Conditions of fervice.	When infpefted, or if willing to be fo, asrequiredby the aCt 39 Geo. III.
I	Gentlemen & Yeomanry.	60.	As required in the adt 39 Geo. III.	fnfpedled Oct. 25, 1799.
2	Infantry.	IOO.	Within the faid town only.	Not infpedted, but willing to be fo.
3	<  Ditto.	*  7®.	In any part of Great Britain.	Ditto.
& c.	See.	See.	&c.	See.

CAP. XXXVL

An a dt for increafing the rates of fubliftence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering foldiers.*~[May 10, 3799.]

CAP. XXXVII.

An afl for remedying certain defeats in the law refpefling offences committed upon the high feas.—[May 10, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an afl pajjed in the twenty-eighth year of King Preamble.

Henry the Eighth, it is enaflecL, That treafons 'felonies^ rob- 28 Hen, beries, murthers, and confederacies, committed on the high feas, /hall c« *5* be enquired of tried, and determined, in fuch Jhires and places in the realm, as Jhall be limited by the King’s contmiffon to be direfled for the fame, in like form and condition as if any Juch offence or offences had been committed or done in or upon the land: and whereas it is expedient to declare that other offences co?nmitted on the feas may be enquired of tried, and determined, in like manner; be it enadled and

V 2	declared

Dy Google

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 38,'39. [1798.

declared by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority Offencescom- of the fame. That all and every offence and offences which, after mitted on the the paffmg of this a£F, {hall be committed upon tlie high feas out be^lia^kto	l^e	anY county this realm, (hall be, and they are

the famet0	hereby	declared to be offences of the fame nature refpe£tively,

pumfhments and to be liable to the fame puniffmnents refpedlively, as if they as if commit- had been committed upon the (bore; and (hall be enquired of, and to £0re> ^eard, trie<^> and determined and adjudged, in the fame manner tried and ad- as deafens, felonies, murthers/and confederacies, are direded to judged iu the be by the fame a£h

lame manner as felonies, &c. are directed by the recited ad.

Perfons tried II. And be it further enabled. That when any perfon or per-for murther fons	trjecj	for	tpe crime of murther or manflaughter

ter^dfound comm'itted upon the bY virtae of any commilhon dire&ed guilty of under the faid a<d, and fhall be found guilty of manflaughter man (laugh ter only, fuch perfons or perfon fhall be entitled to receive the bene-only,(ha!l be fit Gf clergy in like manner, and fhall be fubjedt to the fame benehTo\°the Puni&ment> as if he or they had committed fuch'manflaughter clergy, and be in or upon the land, fubjed to the fame punilhment as if committed on land.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An ad to continue, until the twenty-fourth day of June ohe thoufaiid eight hundred and four, and amend an ad, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for allowing the importation of jape feed, and other feeds ufed for extrading oil, whenever the prices of middling Britifh rape feed fhall be above a certain limit j and to continue feveral laws relating to the allowing the importation of feal ikins cured with foreign (alt, free of duty, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and four; to the more efredual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and three; and fo much of an ad, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for better feeliring the duties on glafs, as was to continue in force for a limited time, until the fifth day of June one thoufand eight hundred.—[May 10, 1799.]

From the firft of June, 17991 the average prices of middling Britifh rape feed at the places of importation fhall be ascertained in like manner as the the prices of corn under 31 Geo. 3. c. 30.

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft to amend an aft made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An atd for granting to his Ma-jefty. certain {tamp duties on indentures of clerkfhips to folicitors and attornies, in any of the courts in England, therein mentioned. [May 10, 1799.]

Preamble.	If THE RE AS by an aft of parliament? paffed in the thirty fourth

34. Geo. 3. V V year of the reign of his prefent. Majefty, intituled, An a£I for e» 14*	granting to his Majefty certain {lamp duties on indentures of

clerkfhips

Hosted by Google

*798-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 39.	2*13

clerkfliips to folicitors and attornies, in any of the courts in England, therein-mentioned, disenabled, That within the bills of mortality, from and after the fifth day of February one thoufiand fieven hundred and ninety four, and in every other part of England and Wales, from and after the tenth-day of February one tboufand fieven hundred and ninety four, there Jhall be raified, levied, collected, and paid unto, and for the ufie of his Majefty, bis heirs andfucceffors, for and in refipedt of every contract in writing made after the fiaid fifth and tenth days of February one thoufiand fieven hundred and ninety-four refipediively, whereby any. perfon fioall become bound to ferve as a derk, in order to his admijfion as a fiolicitor or attorney in any of the courts of law or equity in the fiaid ad mentioned, in purfuance of the laws then in force for the better regulation of folicitors and after-tiies, divers rates and duties in the fiaid act mentioned, and the indentures or other zuritings, containing finch contract duly Jlamped according to the directions of the fiaid ad, are required to be enrolled' or regijlered ivith the proper officer to be appointed for that purpofe by fhe court wherein fiuch perfon Jhall propofe to be afterwards admitted a fiolicitor or attorney by virtue of the fervice under fiuch contrad, together with an affidavit of the time of the execution of fiuch con-trad by fiuch clerk; and in cafe fiuch indenture or other writing floall not be fio enrolled or regijlered within fix months next after the execution thereof, together voith fiuch affidavit of the time of execution of fiuch contrad, then and in fiuch cafe the fervice of fuel? clerk under Juch indenture or writing Jhall be deemed to commence from the time of fuch enrolment or regijlry only, and not from the execution of Juch indenture or writing: and whereas the fiaid ad did not receive the royal aficent until the twenty-eighth day of March one thoufiand fieven hundred and ninety-four, and fever al perfons were bound by indentures and writings made, after the faid fifth and tenth days 0/February rfipedively, and before the faid twenty-eighth day of March, and which indentures and zuritings are charged with and liable to the fiaid duties impofed by the fiaid ad!, and no provijion is therein made for the payment of the fame, or for the enrolment or regijlry of fiuch indentures and writings refpcfiively: and whereas it is reofonable that fiome provijion Jhould be made for that purpofe .* therefore be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in tin’s prefent of parliament ailembled, and by the authority of the fame. That any and every fuch indenture and indentures of Writing, made after the faid fifth and tenth days of February one derkfhips to thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four relpedtively, and before folicitors or tile faid twenty-eighth day of March in the fame year, whereon Attornies any fuch duty is, by the laid aft required to be paid, (ball and 'e/^r

/“>i	.	,	*i	1	<	reO. ^, \*j 949

may on payment or the duty thereby required, on or before the within the firft day of	one’thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, bills of ftior^

be ftamped with the proper ftamp in that behalf; and the com- tahty, and miffioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties on Mother parts ftamped parchment, paper, and vellum, are hereby authorifed ofEnglandand and required to caule the fame to be ftamped accordingly.	Wales, and

before March 2S, 1794, may, on payment of duty required by the recited aft, by June ?, 1799, be ftatnped ;

* '	p 3	II.	A	ad

Hosted by Google

and within three month9 thereafter may be enrolled, &c.

II* And be it further enafted, That every fuch indenture and writing {hall and may, at any time within three calendar months next atter the fame (hall be fo ftamped by virtue of this aft, be enrolled and regiftered by the proper officer of the court for that purpofe, together with an affidavit of the time of the due execution of fuch contraft, in manner directed by the faid aft; and fuch officer of the faid courts is hereby required and authorifed to enrol and regifter the fame accordingly; and the fervice of every fuch clerk fhall be deemed and taken to commence according to the due execution of fuch indenture and writing; the faid aft, or any thing herein contained, to the contrary not-withflanding*

CAP. XL.

An adl to amend fo much of three afls, made in the laft and prefent fejftons of parliament, for making perpetual, fubjedl to redemption and pnrchafe, the feveral fums of money charged as a land tax, as relates to that part of Great Britain called Scotland*—[May 10,1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the time for carrying into, execution an a£ly pajfed in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An aft for making perpetual, fubjeft to redemption and purchafe in the manner therein ftated, the feveral fums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight; which add was explained and amended by two other adls paffed in the prefent feffion of parliament; fhould, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, be fill further extended and enlarged; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and coofent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Corporations alfembled, and by the authority of the fame, ThaG all bodies ^ffeffion^f^	an<l corporate, companies and perfons in the faid afts

land in Scot- mentioned, who by the faid afts are empowered to contraft for land entitled the redemption of the land tax, charged on any eftates, lands, to redeem the tenements, and hereditaments, in that part of Great Britain called

tax m piefer- $c0flanc{ Qf which they fhall be in pofTeffion, or beneficially en-cncc to rever-	7	j	r	7	j

fioners till titled to the rents and profits in preference to any bodies, cor-

July ia, 1799. porations, or companies, having any intereft in reverfion or ex-

(initead of peftancy therein, or being fubftitute heirs of entail in the fame

^^reverfion ^an<^s5 tenements, or hereditaments, until the twenty-fifth day of

ers in prefer- March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and their

ence to all refpeftive tutors, curators, guardians, or truftees, on their be-

others till half, (hall have, and be entitled to the like benefit or preference

ftnftead of99> *n anc* t0 ^ reckmption °f fuch land tax, until the twelfth day

June z$) °f Juty one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; and in

cafe no contraft fhall have been entered into by or on behalf of

fuch bodies, corporations, or companies, or perfons in poffeffion,

or entitled as laft mentioned, on or before the faid twelfth day

of

Preamble.

3B Geo. 3. c. 60. and

39 Geo. 3. c. 6. and ai* recited.

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii ITT. c. 40.	215

of July one thou fan d feven hundred and ninety-nine, then and in every fuch cafe the bodies, corporations, or companies, or other perfon or perfons having fuch interefts in reverfion or expectancy, or being fubftitute heirs of entail, entitled in their order to fucceed to the faid eftates, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and who, by the faid adts, were empowered to contra# for the redemption of the land tax charged thereon after the faid twenty-fifth day of Match one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, in preference to any other bodies, corporations, or companies, or other perfons whatfoever not having an intereft therein, and their refpedfive tutors, curators, guardians, or truftees, on their behalf (hall have and be entitled to fuch and the like benefit of preference in the redemption of fuch land tax, from and after the faid twenty-fifth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, as is given to them refpe#ively by the faid a#s, until the faid twenty-fifth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

II.	Provided always^ and be it further enadted, That in cafe Meafures any bodies, corporations, or companies, or other perfon or per- Marcha^and Tons having intereft in reverfion or expectancy, or being fubfti- the patting of tute heirs of entail, entitled to fucceed as above mentioned, and this adt, by to a preference in terms of the above recited a# of this prefent reverfioners, fefiion of parliament, from and after the faid twenty-fifth day °^^^aietheg March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, until the preference faid twenty-fifth day of June next, (ball have, between the faid given them by twenty-fifth day of March and the date of the palling this a#, 39 Geo. 3. taken any meafures for rendering fuch preference effedlual, all g^uinfi^Tuf ~ fuch meafures and proceedings (hall be fufpended by virtue of, 2 . but the * this prefent a# until the twelfth day of July one thoufand feven parties in pof-hundred and ninety-nine ; and it (hall be competent and lawful fefiion to re-for all bodies, corporations, or companies, perfon or perfons, ofT 1 adlually poflefled of or beneficially entitled to the rents and pro- meafures. * fits of fuch eftates, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to render effectual the benefit of the preference granted them by this a# until the twelfth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, notwithftanding of fuch meafures and proceedings held by fubftitute heirs of entail, or other perfons interefted in reverfion or expectancy in the faid eftates as above mentioned, on condition however of their paving to fuch fubftitute heirs of entail, or perfons interefted in reverfion or expectancy as afore-faid, the expence of fuch ineffectual meafures or proceedings.

Ill* Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That no land No land tax tax fhall, before the faid twenty-fifth day of December one thou- to be to land feven hundred and ninety-nine, be put up to fale by auction or oiherwife, or fold to any perfon or perfons, other than fuch Dec. 25, than perfon or perfons as by this adt are enabled to redeem the fame thofe hereby prior to the laid twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, except where notice fhall be given that they^ive ao~

p 4	the	nee not to

Hosted by Google

remains unfold.

No land ts& to be fold to any but per-fons intereft-

216	Annoregni	tricefimo	nono	Georg.ii III. c. 40. [1793.

claim fuch the laft mentioned perfort or perfons are not to claim the benefit pre erence. Qf preference given by this a<5f.

perfons6* IV. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the intevefted in twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and lands, may re- ninety-nine, any perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, hav-deem on the ing any intereft in any eftates, lands, tenements, or heredita-be^e6wlfi^S ments> rnay at anY time thereafter contradf and agree for the the land tax redemption of their land tax charged thereon, in the fame manner, and under the fame terms and conditions, as fuch perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, may do prior to the faid twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine ; provided that fuch land tax (hall then remain unfold in purfuance of the provifions of the faid a&s : provided alfo, That no land tax (hall be fold in purfuance of the faid a61s after the faid twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, in any cafe where the perfons, bodies, ed, where they corporations, or companies, fhall have given notice to the re-

have given no- fpe£fcive commiflioners for the purpofes of the faid acts, of an in-

1,106 or intcn* *	•	•	^	t	*	*

tion to re- ' Mention of redeeming the fame in purfuance thereof, other than

deem; nor re- to ftich perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, interefted as,

deemed by re- aforefaid : provided alfo, That no fuch land tax fhall be redeemed

verfioners lor by any bodies, corporations, or companies, having any intereft

in reverfion or expectancy, in the eftates, lands, tenements, or

hereditaments, whereon fuch land tax fhall be charged, for the

fpace of three months after notice given to the refpedtive com-

miftioners by any perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies

confidered by the faid a£ts as being in the adtual poftefilon of the

faid eftates, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of an intention

to redeem the fame in purfuance of this a6I.

V.	And be it further enacfea, That where any contr2cf fhall Tul 12 tranf entere^ ^nt0 a^ter the twelfth day of July one thoufand feven fersof ftoclc hundred and ninety-nine, in purfuance of this act, the capital

ftock to be transferred as the confideration thereof fhall be made within the period of four years, from the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, by the like number of inftalments, and on the like days in each year, with the like power to transfer the fame, bv anv lefs number of inftalments, or in advance, as by the faid recited act is allowed ; and the firft of the faid inftalments (hall, in every fuch cafe, be made on before the firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That if any farm, lands, or tenements, ufually po fie fled together, (hall be propofed to be fold under the provifions of the faid aCi, in order to redeem the land tax charged thereon, and alfo on other eftates, lands,

fold to redeem tenements, or hereditaments, which ftanu fettled and limited to

thereof ^nd ^ fame ufes, and in the fame order and courfe, and under the

on other fame reftraints and conditions of fucceflion, and which farm, lands,

eftates limited or tenements, fhall be more than fufticient for that purpofe ;

to the fame and in cafe it fhall appear to the court of feftion, either from the

ufes ; and the detached iituation of fuch farm, lands, or tenements, or from furphisdif-	anv

three months after fuch notice from perfons in pof* feffion.

On contracts made after

to be made within four vears from t)ec. 25; and the firft inftal-ment on or before Jan. i, }8oo.

The whole of a farm, &c. which cannot be eligibly divided may be

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 40^	217

any other circumftances, that fuch farm, lands, or tenements, pofed of, un.

cannot be divided, in order that an adequate part thereof may be	^

fold, without lofs to the parties interefted, or that the fale of the court of

whole of fuch farm, lands, or tenements, would be more eligible fefiion.

and advantageous to the faid entailed eftate, and to the fuccefilve

fubftitute heirs of entail in their order, it (hall be competent and

lawful for the faid court of fefiion, in like manner as it is autho-

rifed to proceed in other cafes by the before recited ad of the

thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty, (due notice having been

given to the next fubflitute heir of entail, being of lawful age

and refident within Great Britain, of fuch propofal to fell and

difpofe of fuch farm, lands, or tenements), to dired and autho-

rife the fale of the whole of fuch farm, lands, or tenements ; and

the furplus money, after purchafing flock fufiicient to redeem

fuch land tax, and paying and difcharging the cofts and expences

attending the fale thereof, (hall, with the interefls and annual

produce thereof, be applied and difpofed of under the diredlion

and with the approbation of the faid court, in the fame manner

as in the faid recited ad is direded, with refped to the eventual

furplus arifing from fales, when no more has been expofed to

fale than is judged adequate for the redemption of fuch land tax.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That all expences incurred by Expences 111-

heirs of entail,	or others,	entitled as	afore faid	to purchafe	the curred by

1	7	•	i	heirs or

land tax affeding the entailed eftate in Scotland, either in felling taq -m

part of the faid eftate, or borrowing money on heritable fecurity, purchafing the

or purchafing out of their own proper means the land tax afred- land tax,

ing the entailed eftate, (hall be defrayed out of the price of the

lands fo fold, or fhall be included in the heritable or other proper the price of

fecurity, and may be made part of the charge upon the entailed the lands

eftate: provided always, That the amount of thefe expences fold,orcharg-

fball be previouily afcertained by the court of feftion, by decree

to be obtained on a fummary application to that purpofe.	previoufly &

afcertained by the court of fefiion

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That in all applications to Applications the court of leftion in Scotland by 3ny heir of entail for obtaining

the authority of that court to the fale, mortgage, or grant of any e^taiTfcr

eftates, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, authorifea to be fold fales of

or charged by the faid acts palled in the thirty-eighth year of his eftates, to be

prefent Majefty, and in this prefent fefiion of parliament, fuch acivertifed in r	■	J	n	*	.	1	*	•	-	.	1	5	.1	c u theEdmburgh

applications fhall not only be intimated upon tne wails or the gazette as

outer and inner houfe for ten federunt days, in the manner there- well ashiti-

in direded, but alfo (hall be advertifed weekly for two weeks mated upon

fucceftively in the Edinburgh gazette.	walls	°f

IX.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe fuch fale {hall be tle court*

authorifed by the court, fuch fale fhall be carried on by publick	by pubbck

auction, at fuch time and on fuch notices as the court of feftion audtion, pre-ihall from time to time dired ; and further, that previous to any vious to which fale to be made in the terms and by virtue of the powers fo re- court fhall quired and given by the faid ads, the court of feftion fhall caule to^e drawiT articles of fale to be drawn up in the ufual forms required by the upj binding

law the purchafer

Hosted by Google

2l8

to pay the price to a truftee, who fball pay the money into the bank of England, upon which the purchafer (hall be entitled to a conveyance.

Any number

of' perfons wbofe land tax Iball noi; exceed 5I. each may join in appointing a truftee to redeem their refpeftive land taxes in one contraft.

Collectors of the land tax in a limited time to enter into fuch bonds as the barons of the exchequer fhali require, with the com-mifTloners, for paying the

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 40. [1798. law of Scotland for making fuch fale effeftual, and whereby the purchafer fhali be taken bound to pay the price to a truftee, to be named by the perfon or perfons in whofe name or for whofe behoof the faid fale or Tales is or are carried on, and which truftee (hall be approved of by the faid court, and (hall find fecurity to their fatisfaftion, that the fum or fums of money fo to be paid to him by the faid purchafer or purchafers, fhali be duly and faithfully applied in the manner and for the purpofes herein and by the faid afts enjoined and directed; and further, that the faid truftee, upon receipt of the faid price or prices, (hall be forthwith bound to pay the faid fum of money into the bank of Eng* land, to be there placed to the account of the commilfioners for the reduction of the national debt, to be by them applied in the manner and for the purpofes directed and fpecified by the faid aft of the thirty-eighth of his prefent Majefty, and the receipt of the cafhier or caftiiers of the bank (hall be a full and fufficient dif-charge to the faid truftee, and to the faid purchafer or purchafers, of the fum or fums of money fo agreed to be paid by him, her, or them, in manner aforefaid } and which purchafer or purchafers, upon payment of the fum or fums by the faid truftee into the bank of England as aforefaid, (hall be entitled to demand 2nd obtain from the faid heir of entail, or other perfon or perfons in whofe name, or at whofe inftance, or for whofe behoof the faid fale or Tales is or are carried on, fuch difpofition, conveyance, or other title to the fubjefts fo fold, containing all ufual and neceffary claufes for rendering complete the right to the fame in favour of the faid purchafer or purchafers, under the direction of the faid court.

X.	And whereas by the faid aft of the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty, any number of perfons, whofe laud tax Jhall not exceed twenty-five Jhillings for ling each, may join in appointing a truftee to redeem their refpeftive land taxes, and purchofe the whole in one contra ft, in manner therein particularly direfted: and whereas it is expedient, and would tend greatly to facilitate the execution of the faid aft, ifjuft: powers were further extended; be it further enabled. That it (ball be lawful for any number of perfons, whofe land tax refpeftivdy fhali not exceed the annual fum of five pounds llerling, to join in appointing a truftee to redeem their refpec-tive land taxes, and for fuch truftee to purchafe the whole of fuch refpeftive land taxes in one contraft, in like manner, and under all the proviloes and conditions as is directed by the aforefaid aft in the cafe before-mentioned.

XI.	And be it further enafted. That the refpeftive colleftors of cels or land tax, appointed or to be appointed in the feveral (hires, ftewartries, cities, burghs, and places, in Scotland, (hall^ within forty days after the palling of this aft, and before they, or any of them, (hall receive any monies to be paid as the oon-fideration for the redemption of any land tax in purfuance of the faid recited afts, or either of them, enter into bonds to the faid refpeftive commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid afts, or any three or more of them, in fuch fibres, ftewartries, cities, butghs,

and

by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nano Georgii III. c. 40*	219

and places, with fuch good and fufficient caution, as the barons monies they of the exchequer in Scotland (hall require, binding him or them, recelve to and his or their fureties, conjundtly and feverally, for his an^ nera7for Icqt-thejr duly paying to the receiver general for Scotland at Edin- iand. burgh, at fuch times after the receipt thereof as the faid barons {hall direct to be inferted in fuch bonds, all fuch fum and furns of money as (hall be paid to them in purfuance of the faid recited adts, or either of them, for the redemption of any land tax, under a penalty of two hundred pounds fterling, over and above performance ; and which bonds the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorifed and required to take, and the faid refpedtive com mi (boners {hall forthwith caufe the faid bonds to be delivered to the receiver general at Edinburgh, or not being delivered to fuch receiver general, (hall caufe the fame to be regiftered in the books of council and feflion, and extradts thereof to be delivered to the faid receiver general at Edinburgh.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That in If coliedtors cafe the colledtor or coliedtors in any {hire, ftewartry, city, fai1 ei\ter burgh, or place, {hall fail or negledt to enter into fuch bond as commiflioners aforefaid within the period herein-before mentioned, the faid to certify the commiflioners {hall immediately, after the expiration of the faid hme to the forty days, certify fuch failure or negledt to^the faid barons of the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland; and it {hall thereupon be lawful for the faid barons, and they are hereby required upon the re-order the con-ceipt of fuch certificate, to order and diredt that the confideration fideration for for the redemption of any land tax in fuch (hire, flewartry, city, redemption of burgh, or place, where the fame {hall be in money, fhall be ^oney,' paid to the receiver general, or his deputy or deputies at Edin- to be paid to burgh, or to fuch perfon or perfons in fuch (hire, (lewartry, city, the receiver burgh, or place, as he fhall appoint to receive the fame; and general,which after fuch order or direction all and every perfons and perfon, torg^aif ac"-bodies, corporations, and companies, who {hall contradt for the cordingly pay* redemption of any land tax, the confideration for the redemption whereof fhall be in money, (hall pay fuch confideration to fuch receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, or fuch perfon or perfons as he (hall appoint to receive the fame as aforefaid; and the certificate or receipt of fuch receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, or fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid, (and which he and they are hereby empowered and diredted to give), fhall be as valid and effedlual in all refpedts as the receipt of any collector is by the faid adt direded to be, in cafe fuch confideration was paid to a colledtor in purfuance of the faid recited adt.

XIII.	And be it further enadted, That in every cafe where Where any any fuch colledtor or coliedtors fhall fail or negledt to pay over collators fhall to the faid receiver general at Edinburgh, or his deputy or depu- over the mo-ties, any fuch fum or fums of money within fuch number of ney received, days after the fame fhall be received by him or them as afore- to the receiver faid, as {hall be fpecified in the bond entered into by fuch col- £eneral> he ledtor or coliedtors as aforefaid, the faid receiver general, or his the^bonVta deputy or deputies, may prefent the faid bond, or an extradt the barons of

thereof,

Hosted by Google

220

the exchequer, praying for a legal procefs upon the bond; or may proceed to recover thereon, according to the courfe of the coart of exchequer.

The recited a£ts and this a<5t to be con-ftrued together as one acfb

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgxi III. c. 41. [1798.

thereof, to $ny one or more of the barons of the court of Exchequer in Scotland, with a petition ftating the fum due and not accounted for by fuch colleflor or collectors, and praying for a horqing, or other competent and legal procefs of court, upon fuch bond or extract, making oath that the fum {rated in the petition is due and not accounted for, and the baron or barons to whom fuch petition (hall be prefented may thereupon order a horning, or other competent and legal procefs of court, to ifFue; and which procefs of court may be proceeded in by arreftment, poinding, denunciation, caption, imprifonment, and otherwife tor recovering from fuch colle&or or collectors, and his, her, or their furety or fureties, the fums due from fuch collator or collectors, and for the penalty of two hundred pounds, in fuch bond, over and above the fums fo due as aforefaid ; or the receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, upon making oath to the fums due and unaccounted for, lhall be at liberty to proceed to the recovering the payment thereof, and of the penalty in the bond, by any procefs for recovering payment of debts due to his Majefty, according to the courfe of the court of exchequer m Scotland.

XIV.	And be it further enadled, That all and every the provifions of this act {hall, in the execution of the faid recited adt§ of the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty, and the aforefaid a£f of this fefTion of parliament, be ufed and applied, and conftrued in like manner as if the fame provifions were fpecially enabled in the faid a£ls ; and all and every the provifions of the faid adts (hall, in the execution of this aexcept where the fame are hereby exprefsly varied, be ufed and applied, extended and conftrued, in like manner as if the fame provifions (except as aforefaid) were fpecially enadted in this a&.

CAP. XLL

An a<51 for railing an additional fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.—[May ic, 1799.]

Commissioners of the treafury may raife 3,000,000!, by loans and exchequer bills, before July 1, 1799; in like manner as is preferibed by the malt net of this felfon concerning loans, See. Exchequer bills to be fgned by the auditor of the exchequer, or other perion duly authorifed. Exchequer bills to be charged on the fecond and on the fiftti and iixth inftalments of any loan to be granted this feffion, to be made out in equal proportions of i,oool. and 5col. See. The claufes, Sec. in the malt adt relating to loans or exchequer hills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills fo iffiied not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before December ao> 3799. Adi on not to lie for refufal. Principal and intereft, with charges, to be repaid in equal proportions out of the fecond, fifth and fixth inltalments, oq any loan of this feffion, and if the inftalments paid before December io, 1799, be infufficient, to be charged on the confolidated fund. Monies fo iliued to be replaced out of the iirft {Applies. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid Aim on the credit of this aft, notwithstanding the ad 5 and 6 Gul. Sc Marias, c. 20. or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

221

E79$*1 Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii 111. c. 42. CAP. XLIL

An aft to enable the commercial commijfoners appointed to carry into execution certain afts for granting duties upon income, to extend the time limited by the fa id afts for receiving returns of income ; and for explaining and amending the faid afts.—[May io, 1799*]

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the prefent feffion of parlia- Preamble, liament, intituled, An abl for extending the time for return- 39 Geo. 3* ing ftatements under an abl, pafled in the prefent feftion of par- c* anci 2iament, intituled, c An abl to repeal the duties impofed by an abl, made in the laft feftion of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war ; and to make more effectual provifion for the like purpofe, by granting certain duties upon income in lieu of the faid duties, and to amend the faid abl,? the time for making returns of income' to commercial com-mijfoners appointed under a prior aft of the fame fcjfon of parlia-merit, is limited io the period of ten days after their appoiyiiment: and whereas it is expedient to empower fuch commifftoners to enlarge c* 13 > recited* th§ time for making returns to them, from time to time, as they jhali judge necejfary : and whereas it is expedient, that fo much of an aft, pajfed in this feffion of parliament, for granting certain duties upon income, and of the faid recited aft, as relates to the colie ftion and payment of the faid duties, jhould be explained and amended, and that any omiffions or mifakes which may have happened in the. appointment af the commijjioners for executing the faid afts, fhould be fapplied or reftified: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King's moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it ftiall be lawful for the re- Commercial fpeblive commercial commiftioners appointed as aforefaid, from commiftioners time to time, to iffue their orders for enlarging the time for de- the*time for livering to them ftatements, and making returns of income of delivering perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, liable to be charged ftatements, fo to the duties in the faid abls mentioned by fuch commercial com-. miffioners, fa as that, after the lateffc period fo to be fixed, there tjme for remain fufficient time for making the afleftmenrs upon fuch re- making the turns prior to the fifth day of June one thoufand feven hundred afleflments and ninety-nine, and to caufe the periods fixed by them for fuch Pri°r to Jun(~ delivery and returns, to be from time to time publifhed in the^ocaufothe London Gazette, or fome newfpaper ufually circulated in the periods they county, riding, or place where fuch commiftioners (hail abl; fix for fuch which orders, under the names of three or more fuch commif- ^vertifecTin6 fioners, (hall be as valid and effectual, to all intents and purpofes, gazette, as if the periods fixed therein had been limited in and by this or fome paper abl; and all perfons who lhail have omitted to make fuch returns circulated in within the period required-by the faid recited abls, or either of them, who before or on the day or days fixed, or to be fixed, by	y

fuch commercial commiftioners for that purpofe, ilia 11 have made, or fhall make, fuch return as by the faid recited abls, or either

of

Hosted by

Google

±22	Anno regnitricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 42. [1798.

of them, is authorifed; and all futh commercial commiffioners who {hall have received, or {hall receive within fuch times as aforefaid, any fuch returns, {hall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged, from and againft all adlions, fuits, penalties, and forfeitures, incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reafon of fuch omiffion or a£ls ; and every fuch return made, or to be made within the time limited, or to be limited, by the faid commercial commiffioners as aforefaid, (hall be of the like force and effeeft as if the fame had been made within the time limited by the faid recited adfs, or either of them.

II.	And whereas the inquefts of fever al counties and places have emitted to name fufficient perfons to aft as commijfioners for the pur-pofes of the faid afts, and others named by the inquefs have declined lifting therein, whereby the execution of the faid afts may be retarded; be it further enadled, That for every divifion, city, borough, town, or place, for which the inquefts aforefaid {hall not have named any perfons to aeft therein, or where the perfons named or to be named by the faid inquefts have declined or may decline to a£t therein, or fo many of them have declined or may decline to a<5i, as not to leave two perfons at the leaft to atft for fuel) divifion, city, borough, town, or place, and where fufficient commiffioners (hall not he appointed for every fuch divifion, city, borough, town, or place, on or before the expiration of ten • days after the paffing of this a6I, it (hall be lawful for the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or any three or more of them, from time to time, to appoint a fufficient number of perfons, ten days after qualified as required by the-faid a£ls, out of the lifts delivered or paffing this to be delivered to them from the refpe&ive commiffioners of land tax a£Hng in the faid divifions, cities, boroughs, towns, and places refpedtively, in purfuance of the faid a<51s, fo that for each fuch divifion, city, borough, town, or place, there (hall not be adling more than five nor lefs than two fuch perfons under fuch nomination of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or under any nomination of fuch inquefts as aforefaid; and every fuch appointment by the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes,

• or any three or more of them, (hall be as valid and effeftual, during the period herein-after mentioned, as if the fame had been made by the inqueft of the county, riding, or place, under Such appoint- the fajd a£fs : provided always. That every fuch appointment as 1t^°ca' laft aforefaid, (hall be revocable by the inqueft of the county, inqueft at the riding, or place, affembled at the next and fubfequent affize and next affize, feffion of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery for the on a fufficient county, riding, or place, after any fuch appointment, or by the nun?.^Td°^ major part of the jurors there affembled, in cafe they (hall judge Ifons being^ the ^ame neceftary; and (hall, at the fame affize or feffion as nominated, aforefaid, nominate for each fuch divifion, city, borough, town, and accepting- or place as aforefaid, fufficient perfons, qualified as aforefaid, to the office. a(q- as commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid a&s, and who (hall accept the faid office for fuch divifion, city, borough, town, or place as aforefaid; but in default of fuch.revocation and nomination, the appointment of the faid commiffioners for the

Where the

inquefts have not named commiffion-evs, or where fo many named have declined to a<£t as not to leave two, and where fufficient commiffioners fhall not be appointed by

adt, the commiffioners ot taxes may appoint them out of the lifts from the commiffioners of land tax.

affairs of taxes fhall ftand good.

III. An

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 42.	223

III. And be it further enaded, That where, in any lift or Where mif-lifts, or entry or entries of names of any commiftioner or com-^es^ave-^ miffioners for the purpofes of the faid ad, or for hearing and the names of determining appeals, miftakes have been made in the chriftian commiflion-or furnames of fuch perfon or perfons, it (hall be lawful for the ers, the com-commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, and they are hereby au- [^^s^onc^ thorifed and required, upon a certificate, under the hands of any tificate, may two of the perfons of the grand inqueft by which fuch commif- redify them-fioners (hall have been eleded, of fuch miftake, and of the proper name or names of fuch perfon or perfons, to amend, or caufe to be amended, fuch lift or entry, by inferring, or caufing to be inferted, the proper name or names of the perfon or perfons fo eleded as aforefaid, in the faid lift or entry, and in the order in which fuch perfon was intended by the faid jurors to be put down to ferve therein.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That any appointment of com* Appointment miffioners for any of the purpofes of the faid ads, by the perfons

prefent at the meeting fummoned by the fheriff of any county, meet^ng

riding, or place, according to the return of jurors delivered by monedbythe

the cleric of affize to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, (heriff accord-

and by them tranfmitted to fuch ftieriff, (hall be valid and effec-

tual, notwithftanding fuch clerk of affize may have omitted to jurors deliver-

return the names of certain perfons who had been fummoned to ed by the clerk

ferve upon the grand inqueft of fuch county, riding, or place, of affize to the

within the time limited by the faid ads, or either of them, and commiffioners i	j	*	*	tor taxes not-

notwithftanding any error or rnifnomer, or any variance in fuch wit hilar ding

return from the original pannel of jurors fummoned to ferve on the cmiffions fuch inqueft; and all perfons ading under fuch appointment, of names m fhall be, and are hereby indemnified, from all pains and penal-ties, and from all adions, fuits, and informations, for or by *	1

reafon of their acting or having aded as fuch commiffioners, under fuch appointment.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the powers and diredions Dire&ions contained in the faid firft-recited ad, refpeding the delivery of wllic1} ^ere the duplicates of affeffments by the commercial commiffioners to fp^al^g t'he the receivers general, and the returns by the receivers general to delivery of the commercial commiffioners, of the defaulters on each inftal- duplicates of ment of the rates and duties by the faid ad impofed, and which affeilments by were repealed by the faid laft-recited ad, fhall be revived as to ail ^al comm*^ affeffments made upon any perfon or perfons who fhall not have fioners to the given notice to fuch commercial commiffioners of their intention receivers ge-to pay the fums affeffed on them at the bank of England, and fhall neral» and the be in force and duly carried into execution with refped to fuch

perfons, and all other perfons who (hall have given fuch notice, former of and fhall have made default in payment at the faid bank of defaulters on England; any thing in the faid laft recited ad to the contrary inftalments, notwithftanding.

have not given notice of intention to pay affeffments at the bank, or who lhall make default in payment.

VI.	And be it further enaded. That if any comtruffioner for A commif-fhe purpofes of the faid ads, for any county, riding, (hire, ftew- fioner£°r ^

Hosted by Google

the fa id ads in trade or manufacture maybe a lie fled before the commercial comitiiflion-eis; butwhere nqne fhall be appointed, he may be a fit fled by the com* mifi'ioners of appeal in the fame manner as by commercial commiflioners. Vacancies in commercial commil'iioners to be filled up as original appointments.

Commercial com mi iliotiers, &c. to take an additional oath.

Anno fegni tricefimo riono Georgii III. c. 42. [1798*

artry, or place where commercial commiflioners are appointed, (hall be engaged in trade or manufacture, then fuch commiflioner for the purpofes of the faid a61, may be afTefled before fuch commercial commiflioners, and not by the commiflioners of appeals ; but if in fuch county, riding, (hire, flewartry, or place, commercial commiflioners fhall not have been appointed, then the commiflioners of appeal, before whom fuch commiflioner for the purpofes of the laid ads fhall be afTefled, fhall, at his requeft, in proceeding upon the ftatement to be delivered to them, and in afeertaining the charge to be made upon fuch perfon, and in levying and collecting the fame, purfue all fuch rules, diredions, and regulations, and fhall have fuch powers as are in the faid ads preferibed and given, for the condud of commercial commiflioners fpecially appointed under the faid ads.

VII.	And be it further enabled. That whenever any vacancy fhall arife in the commercial commiflioners appointed under the faid ads, fuch vacancy (hall be (Applied in like manner as is direded for the appointment of the perfon who occafioned fuch vacancy.

VIII.	And zvhereas doubts have arifin whether the oath of fecrecy impofed upon the commercial commiffioners, their a ftjl ants and clerks, by the faicl adf^ are Juffcient for the purpofes intended thereby, be it therefore enaded. That every commercial commiflioner as afore-faid,and every commiflioner for the purpofes of the faid ads, who fhall be required to ad as a commercial commiflioner in the execution of the faid ads, and every afliflant and clerk to fuch refpedive commiflioners, or any of them, and every infpedof and furveyor empowered to ad in the execution of the faid ads, fhall, in addition to the oath required to be taken by the faid ad, take the following oath ; that is to fay,

Oath.

Two commiflioners of appeals may ad, but if they do not agree, an adjournment to take place until a third lhall ad.

‘ T A* B. do fwear. That I will not difclofe any ftatement of X income, or the amount of any fum to be paid by any individual, as his or her contribution or payment under the faid ad, which has been or fhall be fhewn to me in the execution of the faid ad, except in fuch cafes and to fuch perfons only where it fhall be neceflary to difclofe the fame for the purpofes of the faid ad, or in order to, or in the courfe of, a profecution for perjury, committed in fuch examination or affidavit.

So help me GOD\

IX.	And be it further enaded, That any two commiflioners appointed to hear and determine appeals under the faid ad for any county, riding, fhire, flewartry, diviflon, or place, are hereby declared competent to hear and determine appeals, and to do all other ads which commiflioners of appeals are required or au-thorifed to do under the faid recited ads, or either of them: provided always. That where two commiflioners of appeal only fhall attend, and fhall not agree in the judgement or determination to be given in any caufe or matter before them, fuch caufe ©r matter wherein they fhall not fo agree fhall be adjourned for

any

Hosted by Google

179^.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 42.	225

any fpace of time not exceeding fourteen days, to give opportunity tor the attendance of the third commiflioner of appeals, if a third (hall have been appointed for the fame county, riding,

(hire, flewartry, divifion, or place ; and if no fuch third com-miffioner (hall have been appointed, or fhall not attend at the adjourned meeting, then a like adjournment (hall take place from time to time until a third commiflioner (hall be appointed, and fhall acl as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further ena&ed and declared, That the power The appoint-of appointing commiflioners for the purpofes of the faid a£ts, and ^iffionerTfri" alfo commiflioners for hearing and determining appeals in Scot- Scotland to be land, is and fhall be veiled wholly in the barons of the exche- wholly in the quer in Scotland, for the time being; and all a£ls and deeds, barons of the meetings, affeffments, matters, and things, done by or with any there^arfdads other perfons affuming to be commiflioners as aforefaid, but not done by other appointed to be fuch commiffioners by the faid barons, (hall be perfons void, null and void, to all intents and purpofes ; and the perfons appointed, or to be appointed, fuch commiffioners by the faid

barons, (hall have full power of carrying the faid a<5ls into execution, in all matters and things relating thereto in their refpec-tive (hires, (lewartries, and jurifdidiions, in and to which they (hall be fo refpedlively appointed, as if no other perfons had afTumed the office of commiflioners therein.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the refpe&ive collectors Collectors of of the feveral rates and duties under the management of the com- Scotl^nc?3 un miflioners for the affairs of taxes, appointed or to be appointed der the main the feveral (hires, (lewartries, cities, burghs, and places, in nagement of Scotland, (hall, within thirty days after the palling of this act, Jhe commif-

and before they act in execution of their duty as fuch colle<tors, lic*ners.

J	, r - j r 1 J	.	taxes, in a

or receive any money on the laid leveral rates and duties, or any limiter! time

of them, enter into bonds to the refpective commiflioners ap- to enter into

pointed or to be appointed for putting in execution the feveral ^uch bonds as

acts relating to the faid rates and duties, under the management exch^uer

of the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, or any three or f]ian require,

more of them, in fuch (hires, (lewartries, cities, burghs, and for p iying the

places, with (uch good and fufficient caution as the barons of monies they

the exchequer in Scotland (hall require, binding him or them, [hgreceWer t0

and his or their fureties, conjundlly and feverally for his and general for

their duly paying to the receiver general for Scotland, at Edin~ Scotland, &c.

burgh., at (uch times after the receipt thereof, as the faid barons

fhaJl diredl to be inferted in fuch bonds, all fuch fum and fums

of money as fhall, from time to time, be oolledled by, or be

paid to them, for or on account of any of the faid rates or

duties, under a penalty of two hundred pounds fterling over and

above performance; and which bonds the faid commiflioners, or

any three or more of them, are hereby authorifed and required

to take; and the faid refpedlive commiflioners (hall forthwith

caufe the faid bonds to be delivered to the receiver general at

Edinburgh, or, not being delivered to fuch receiver general, fhall

caule the fame to be regiftered in the books of council and feffion,

vol. xlii.	a

Hosted by Google

226

Anno regni trfcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 42. [1^798.

and extradls thereof to be delivered to the faid receiver general at Edinburgh.

And be further ena&ed, That in every cafe where any duiy pay over fuch collector or collectors fhall fail or negledt to pay over to the the money faid receiver general at Edinburgh, or his deputy or deputies, received 10 the any fuch fum or fums of money, within fuch number of days ra^h^nfr^* a^er t^e ^ame fhall be received by him or them as aforefaid, as preVentThJ	(Viall be fpecified in the bond entered into by fuch collector or

bond to the	collectors as aforefaid, the faid receiver general, or his deputy or

barons of the deputies, may prefent the faid bond, or an extract thereof, to anv €ra^fn UfoVa one or more -°f the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland\ Te^a/pfoce^ Wlth a petition, dating the fum due and not accounted for by upon the fuch collector or collectors, and praying for a horning or other bond, or may competent and legal procefs of court upon fuch bond or extract, recover there ma^'ng oath that the fhm hate(f m the petition is due and not on accordinp accounted for^ and the baron or barons to whom fuch petition to the courfe (hall be prefented, may thereupon order a horning or other com-of the court petent and legal procefs of court to iflue; and which procefs of ol exchequer. court may be proceeded in by arreftment, poinding, denunciation, caption, imprifonment, and otherwife, for recovering from fuch colledlor or collectors, and his, her, or their furety or fureties, the fums due from fuch collector or collectors, and for the penalty of two hundred pounds in fuch bond, over and above the fums fo due as aforefaid ; or the receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, upon making oath to the fums due and unaccounted for, (hall be at liberty to proceed to the recovering the payment thereof, and of the penalty in the bond, by any procefs for recovering payment of debts due to his Majefty, according to the courfe of the court of exchequer in Scotland.

XIII. And whereas by an aft, puffed In the prefent fejfton of parliament, for granting certain duties upon incovne, and other purpofes, it was direfted, that all the monies arifing from the additional rates and ajfejfments, or from payments at the bank, by an aft of the lajl feffion of parliament for granting an aid and contribution for the pro-Jecution of the war, together with the duties granted by an aft of the fame fejfton for granting 7iew and additional duties on goods imported and exported, and for other purpofes, not exceeding in the vjhole the Jum of feven millions, which Jhould be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, Jhould be applied either to the fervices voted in the lajl feffion 7,000,000!.	of parliament, for the Jervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred

nJieVtothe an^ n‘ineiy^e^U or to payment and dfcharge of all annuities% ft r vices of	inter eft, and dividends, payable in confequence of the loan of eight

1798, overall millions, part of a loan of feventeen millions raifed by virtue of an fums applied aft of the lajl fejfton of parliament; be it enacfled, That any fum char^^of" not exceeding feven millions fhall be applicable and may be annuities, &c. apphed to the fervices of the year one thoufand feven, hundred payable in and ninety-eight, over and above all fums which have been that year in applied to the payment and difeharge of all annuities, interefts, ofUie^loa^of ar)^ dividends, which have become payable in that year in

coo,cool,	con-

Hosted by Google

1798O Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 43.	227

confequence of the faid loan of the faid fum of eight millions; any thing in the faid firft recited adt of the prefect fefTi of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

C A P. XLIIf.

An a51 for enlarging the time limited by certain afls paffed for the redemption of the land tax, for receiving contrasts and making transfers of feck thereon, and for explaining and amending the faid aS?s.—[May 10, 1799.]

\~Kf HEREAS it is expedient to extend the time for transferring Preamble,

V V in certain cafes the confideration for the redemption of land tax contrastedfor under and by virtue of an aft, paffed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act for making perpetual, fubjedt to redemption and purchafe in the c* °' manner therein dated, the feveral fums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight; and of two other afls, paffed in the prefent feffjon of parliament, for 39 Geo, 3.

^ explaining and amending, and rendering more effe flual the fame, or ofc'	aI»

either of them: be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod ex- i£v-1 e ’ cel lent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That where any Where the contract for the redemption of any land tax fhall have been	^

entered into before the fir ft day of May one thoufand feven tra^^^liall1 be hundred and ninety-nine, wherein the confideration fhall be Itockto be in ftock, to be transferred in the whole, or in the proportion transferred by allowed for one inftalment, on or before the faid firft day of May, ^Ywhidi^ and the confideration, or the proportion, to be transferred as fhall not have ' the firft inftalment thereof, fhall not have been transferred on or been fotranf-before the faid firft day of May, it fhall be lawful for the ferred, the governor and company of the bank of England, and they are ^ermi^fuch hereby authorifed and required at anytime before or on the transfers in twenty-eighth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and the’3 percent, ninety-nine, in refpedf of the consolidated three pounds per centum confols, till annuities, and on or before the twenty-fifth day of June one j^the^-er thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, in refpedr of the three centeretfiiced pounds per centum reduced annuities, to permit and fufFer the till June 25, neceffary transfers upon fuch contracts to be made, and all fuch indufive; other adts, matters, or things, relating thereto, or to the redemption of fuch land tax, to be done, as by the faid recited adts, or any or either of them, are authorifed and required to be done in cafes ' of transfers, on or before the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, upon fuch contrails ; and every fuch transfer of ftock made upon any fuch contracts as aforefaid before the twenty-eighth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and the twenty-fifth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine refpedtively as aforefaid, (hall be as good, valid, and effedtual, for all purpofes, and the refpedlive perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies,

2	tranf-

Hosted by Google

2,8	Annoregni	tricefimo	nono Georgii 111. c. 43. [1798.

transferring fuch (lock, or caufing the fame to be transferred, fhall have and be entitled to the fame benefits and advantages as to the period of exonerating their manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, from the land tax charged thereon, as if the confideration fpecified in fuch contract, or the firft inftalment thereof, had been transferred before the faid firft day of May, according to the terms and conditions of fuch contract ; and all fuch perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, fhall be, and they are hereby indemnified and faved harmlefs from all penalties, forfeitures, and payments whatfoever, which fhall have been incurred under and by virtue of the faid recited ads, or any or either of them, by reafon of not transferring fuch (lock on or before the faid firft day of May ; any thing in the faid ads, or any or either of them, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

and where II. And be it further enaded, That where any contract for fuch confide- the redemption or any land tax fhall have been, or (hall be ration is to entered into before faid the firft day of May one thoufand feven oflands hundred an^ ninety-nine, wherein the confideration fhall be in 8cc. the bank, ftock to be transferred in the whole or in the proportion allowed upon certifi- for one inftalment, on or before the faid firft day of May, if in cate of the fuch cafe the confideration to be paid upon fuch contract is to authoriT-dTo8 *)e ra^ec* by the fale, mortgage, or grant of any manors, mef-confent to fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under and by virtue fuch fale, may of the faid ads, or any or either of them, then and in every receive the fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the governor and company of before Au^uft	°f England upon certificate under the hands of the

j 17Q0	*	commifiioners,	having	authority under the faid ads, or any or

either of them, 'to confent and approve of fuch fale, or any two or more of them, that fuch fale, mortgage, or grant, was not or could not be completed before the faid firft day of May: and and the faid governor and company are hereby authorifed and required to receive the money arifing by fuch fale, mortgage, or grant, and place the fame to the like account, and to permit and fuffer the necefifary transfers upon fuch contrad to be made, and all fuch other ads* matters, or things relating thereto, or to the redemption of fuch land tax, to be done at any time before the firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, in like manner in every refpecl as by the faid ads, or any or either of them, are authorifed and required to be done in Cafes of payments on transfers made on or before the firft day 'of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, upon fuch contrads; and every fuch payment and receipt of fuch purchafe money made in purfuance of fuch fale, mortgage, or grant, and ' contrad, for the redemption of fuch land tax, and of the certificate under the hands of fuch commifiioners as aforefaid; and every fuch transfer of (lock made in purfuance thereof fhall be as good, valid, and effectual, for all purpofes, and the refpedive perlons, bodies, corporations, or companies, redeeming fuch land tax, (hall have and be entitled to the fame benefits and advantages as to the period of exonerating their manors, mef-

fuages,

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgn III. c. 43.	229

fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, from the land tax charged thereon, as if the confideration fpecified in fuch contrail, or the firft inftalment thereof, had been paid, or the dock to be purchafed therewith had been transferred, before the faid firft day of May, according to the tenor of fuch contract; and all perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, redeeming fuch land tax, and all purchafers, mortgagees, and grantees of fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall be, and they are hereby refpedfively indemnified and faved harmlefs from all penalties, forfeitures, and payments whatfoever, which fhall have been incurred under and by virtue of the faid recited iadts, or any or either of them, by reafon of not paying fuch money, or fuch ftock being transferred, on or before the faid firft: day of May\ any thing in the faid a£fs, or any or either of them to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always. That the fecond and every fubfequent Second and

inftalment to be transferred on any fuch contrad, (hall be made	to

good on or before the refpedlive times in the faid recited a£ts he made by mentionened, in the fame manner as if this a<ft had not been pafled, the times

or the firft inftalment had been transferred on or before the faid mentioned in firft: day of May: provided alfo. That nothing herein contained and^contrads (hall extend to the altering the time for the regiftry of any fuch to be regifter-contra£t; but that every fuch contract (hall be regiftered in fuch ed as thereby and the like manner, and at fuch time as by the faid a£t is required, required, as if the transfer of (lock made thereon had been made on or before the faid firft day of May, in the faid a£fs mentioned.	^	^	Laft recited

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That nothing contained in the act not to

faid laft recited atft of the prefentfeflion of parliament (hall extend reftrain the

to reftrain the court of chancery in England, or the court 0^Chant0^in

feflion in Scotland, to make fuch order refpe£ting the application England,or

of the income to be derived from the redemption of any land tax the court of

which fhall be redeemed by or out of the monies to be produced feffion in

by the fale of any timber which (hall be cut down by order of the Sc°ftancb to r-j	j	•	r	1	•	1	j	make order

laid courts, during lo Jong time as the manors, lands, tene- refpe&ing

ments, or hereditaments, on which fuch timber fhall be growing, the applica-

(hall be in pofiefiion of any perfon or perfons having a limited tion of income

intereft or limited interefts therein, having regard to the ftate ^jjV^xfrom

and condition of fuch timber, and to the rights of all perfons redeemed

interefted therein.	from fales of

timber cut down by order of thofe courts.

V.	And be it further enacfted, That where any leflee of any where leffees manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, demifed linder bifhops, by any bifhop or other ecclefiaftical corporation, and charged &c. fhall be with land tax fhall be liable by virtue of the faid laft: recited acft, liable to pay on occalion of the redemption of the land tax charged thereon, to ^ndHie^linds paythe amount of fuch land tax to fuch bifhop or other ecclefiafti- f^all have

cal corporation, and fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or.been demifed hereditaments, (hall be demifed to any under leflee, who (hall be to under bound by covenant or agreement to pay fuch land tax, then and J^^ax^fhall in fuch cafe the amount of the land tax charged on fuch manors, COnfidered

mefluages, as rent referv-

Hosted by Google

230	Anno	regni	tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 43. [1798.

ed on fuch laft meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and fo redeemed demife.	as aforefaid5 ("hall be confidered as rent referved or made^payable

on fuch lall mentioned demife, and the fame powers fhali be had, ufed, or enjoyed, for the recovery thereof, as for the recovery of fuch rent when in arrear.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it fhali be lawful for the

nois of Queen governors of the bounty of Queen Anne, in the faid firft recited Anne s bounty &	.	7	1	- . , . f

mav execute mentioned, to execute the powers contained therein tor the

redemption of any land tax which fhali have been or fhali be

contracted for by the incumbent or incumbents of livings at any

time previous to the fale of fuch land tax under the faid act, in

like manner as they might have done within the period limited

by the faid act; and all acts and deeds of fuch governors, and alfo

all contracts made before the palling of this ad, fhali be valid and

effectual for the purpofes in the faid ad mentioned, notwithftand-

ing any limitation of time therein contained.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it fhali be lawful for the truftees for the time being of any truft property heretofore given by any will for the purpofe of being laid out in the pur-chale of lands or impropriate tythes, for the benefit of the poor clergy of England, and who were empowered by the faid fecondly

The gover-

the powers contained in the firft recited act for redemption of land tax con-traded for by incum-bentsprevious to the fide thereof under the faid ad.

Truftees for the poor clergy under

execute the powers given by the fecondly recited ad for the redemption of land tax con-traded for by incumbents before March 25,1800.

execute the^ rec‘tec^ t0 aPPty t^ie*ir funds therein mentioned for the redemption or purchafe of land tax charged upon the lands, tythes, or other profits arifing from any living or livings belonging to the church of England, which fhould have been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth day o {March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to carry into execution all and every the faid powers for the redemption or purchafe of fuch land tax which fhali have been or (hall be contracted for by the incumbent or incumbents of any living or livings in the manner directed by the faid act:, at any time before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred, and the transfers of flock to be made for fuch redemption fhali have effect from the quarter day preceding the making thereof, and all other acts, matters, and things, which the faid truftees might lawfully have done under and by virtue ,of the faid fecondly recited act, (hall be as valid and effectual to exonerate and difeharge the lands, tythes, and other profits of luch living or livings from the payment of the land tax redeemed, as if fuch land tax had been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

VIII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in the faid laft recited at of the prefent feflion of parliament contained fhali beccnftrued to extend to any appeal again!! any land tax or any afleffment of land tax contracted for, or to any contract for the redemption of fuch land tax which fhali have been reduced in its amount within three years preceding the time of completing fuch contract, unlefs fuch appeal (h&ll be made againftthe party who fhali have entered into fuch contract, his or her heirs or affigns, and unlefs it (ball be proved to the fatisfaction of the commiffiGners before whomfuch appeal (hall

be

Laft recited aeft not to extend to appeals again ft any land tax, or afleffment contracted for, or to any contract for redemption of fuch land tax which (hall

Hosted by Google

179S.] Anno regni tricefimo nOrto Georg 11 ULc. 44.	231

be heard, and fhall be adjudged by them, that the redu<51ion in have been ^ the amount of the affeflment of land tax fo redeemed was j^three ^ears fraudulently made, or was obtained by fome undue practice or preceding, falfe reprefentation of the value of the eflate of fuch party, in the unlefs made parifh or place where fuch afTeftment was made, or of the pro-	the

portion of value which his or her eft ate bore to other eflates or income liable to be afTefled in the fame parifh or place, fo as 1 0> to prove to the fatisfadhon of fuch commiftioners, that fuch redutftion was wrongfully made; any thing in the faid a<5l contained to, the contrary thereof notwithflanding.

IX.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for all ^Url^ans, guardians, tutors, and curators of infants, and for all truflees for ^nsteTftock: married women, who have contracted, or who fhall contract for landing in the redemption of the land tax charged on any manors, meflu- the names of ages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, wherein fuch infants or infants, &c. married women fhall be imerefted, to transfer to the com- ^^them-miftioners for the reduction of the national debt fo much of felves, for three pounds per centum confolidated or three pounds per centum redemption of reduced annuities which fhall be handing in the name or names tAX*

of fuch infants or married women, either folely, or jointly with fuch guardians, tutors, curators, or truftees, or any of them, as fhall be fufticient for the redemption of the land tax contracted for, and the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorifed and required to permit and fuffer fuch transfers to be made; and the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England fhall give a certificate or receipt for the flock to be fo transferred, which fhall be an acquittance and difcharge to fuch guardians, tutors, curators, or truftees, transferring fuch flock as aforefaid ; and the faid governor and company, and their refpective officers, are hereby indemnified againfl all perfons whatever for any transfer made in purfuance of this a£l.

X.	And be it further enabled, That any letter, or power of P°wers for

attorney, authorifing any perfon or perfons to accept any ftock	for

in the three pounds per centum bank annuities, and alfo to tranf- transferring fer the fame to the commiftioners for the reduction of the it for redeem-fiaticnal debt on account of or for the purpofe of redeeming

any land tax, (hall be exempted from (lamp duty, and fhall be ftamp duty? valid and effectual in the law for the purpofe of fuch acceptances 1 and transfers.

CAP. XLIV.

An aft for further continuing, until the fir ft day of March one thoufatid eight hundred, an aft, made in the lajl fieffion of parliament, intituled,

An act to empower his Majefty to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Majefly fhall fufpedl are confpiring againfl his perfon and government.—[May 20, 1799*]

WHEREAS an aft was pajfcd in the la ft feffton ofparliament, Preamble.

intituled, An acl to empower his Majefty to fecure and 38 Geo. 3* detain fuch perfons as his Majefty (hall fufpedt are confpiring Ct	recited.

0^4	again	ft

Hosted by Google

232	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii til. c. 44. [1798.

againft his perfon and government, which aft was to continue in force until the fir ft day p/~ February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety •nine, and no longer ; but the fame, by an aft paffed in theprefent feffton of parliament, that is to fay, On the. ninth day ^/January one thoufandfeven hundred and ninety-nine, wflr continued until the twenty-firft day of May	thoujand feven hundred and ninety-nine,

#>7^ longer : and whereas it is neccjfary for the publick fafety that the provifions of the [aid aft paffed in the laft feffton of parliament Jhould be further continued; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent Perfons parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That impriToned for every perfon who fhall be in prifon within the kingdom oi Great high treafon, Britain at or upon the day on which this abt fhall receive his Ma-jefty’s royal alient, or at any time after that day, by warrant of his faid Majefty’s moft honourable privy council, figned by fix of the faid privy council, or by warrant figned by any of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, for high treafon, lufpicion of treafon, or treafonable prablices, may be detained in fafe cuftody, without bail or main prize, until the firft day of March one thoufand eight hundred; and that on judge or juftice of the peace fhall bail or try any fuch perfon fo committed, without order from his faid Majefty’s privy council, figned by fix of the faid privy council, until the laid firft day of March one thoufand eight hundred ; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding. land*of^C°oAnd ]t further enabled, That the abt made in Scotland in for preventing the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and one, inti-wrongous tu\ed,An aft for preventing wrongous imprifonment, and againjl undue imprifonment, delays in trials, in fo far as the fame may be conftrued to relate relate ^c>may t0 ca^es treaf°n an<^ fufpicion of treafon, be fufpended until the treafon, See. fa^ firft of March one thoufand eight hundred; and that fufpended till until the faid day no judge, juftice of the peace, or other officer

See. may be detained till March i, j8oo> Scc.

March i, 1800, See.

of the law in Scotland, fhall liberate, try, or admit to bail, any perfon or perfons that is, are, or (hall be, in prifon within Scotland, for fuch caufes as aforefaid, without order from his faid Majefty’s privy council, figned by fix of the faid privy council.

From March	HI. Provided always, That, from and after the faid firft da v

fons^mnmit"	March one thoufand eight hundred, the faid perfon fo coun-

ted to have mitted fhall have the benefit and advantage ot all laws and the benefit of ftatutes any way relating to or providing for the liberty of the all laws pro- fubjeefs of this realm, viding for the liberty of the fubjedt, See.

^arliamentnot	Prov^efi always, and be it enabled, That nothing in

invalidated ibis	fhall be conftrued to extend to invalidate the ancient

by this abt. rights and privileges in parliament, or to the imprifonment or detaining any member of either houfe of parliament, during the fitting of fuch parliament, until the matter of which he ftands fufpeefed be firft communicated to the houfe of which he is h member, and the confent of the faid houfe obtained for his com-mitment or detainer.

V, Pro*

Hosted by Dogle

1798.] Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 44.	(	233

V.	Provided neverthelefs, That any perfon or perfons in Perfonsagainft prifon at the time of paffing this act, againft whom any bill or whomuidift-bills of indictment for high treafon have been already found, ™eafon°are^ fliall and may be tried on fuch indictment, as if this act had alreadyfound, never paffed.	to be tried

V I. And whereas divers perfons are now in cufiody on charges thereon. of high treafon,fufpicion of high treafon, and treafon able practices, under warrants from one of his Majefty s principal fecretaries of fate, and who have been fecured and detained in cufiody under the authority of the faid recited aids; and it may be highly important that fuch perfons as have been or fhall be fecured and detained on fuch charges under the authority of the faid recited afls, or of this adiy Jhould be kept wholly feparate and apart from each other, fo as to prevent all communication between them and with other perfons, exce-pt fuch communication as his Majefy may think fit to permit, and under fuch ref visions as may be advijeable \ and it has been found by experience to be very difficult to keep fuch perfons feparate as afore-fdid\ and to preveiit fuch communication as aforefaid, without fending fuch perfons to different places of confinement; and doubts may arife how far the powers of his Majefty s principal fecretaries offate, to change the places of confinement of perfons fo committed extends; and it is expedient to pro vide that the fame fhall not be fo exercifed as to deprive the perfons fo committed of any right to be tried or difeharged,, which they might refpeftively have had, if their refpeflive places of confinement had not been changed: now, to obviate all doubts and difficulty in refpeSl thereof be it further enacted and declared, That Any of his it (hall be lawful for one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries Majefty’s of (late, as he fhall fee occafion, to order any perfon committed fecretaries of to any gaol or other prifon on any charge of high treafon, o^rany fufpicion of high treafon, or treafonable practices, either before perfon com-or after indictment found, to be conveyed to and detained in any mitted on any other goal or other prifon, until difeharged by due courfe of charge of law, and to ifTue all warrants neceffary for fuch purpofes: ^ to be con provided always neverthelefs, That no perfon who fhall be Vcyed from removed by any fuch warrant as aforefaid, (hall be by means of one prifon to fuch removal deprived of fuch right to be tried or difeharged, as another, fuch perfon would by law have been entitled to if not fo removed; Sllch removal and in every cafe in which any fuch perfon would have been enti- any^edb^of^ tied to have been tried or difeharged, if fuch perfon had continued any rightto in the gaol or prifon to which fuch perfon was before committed, be tried or it fhall be lawful for fuch perfon to apply to be bailed or dif- difeharged, charged in the fame manner as fuch perfon might have done if fuch perfon had remained in the gaol or prifon to which fuch perfon was before committed as aforefaid.	Perfonscharg-

VII.	And whereas in the prefent difurbedfate of the kingdom of ed-with high Ireland, it has been found neceffary to fend divers perfons wfyo had treafon, &c. been committed to prifon in Ireland on charges of high treafon, fufpicion ^7 warrant of high treafon, or treafonable practices, to Great Britain, for fafe fcc^tary cufiody,and for the pur pdfe of preventing improper inter courfe between ftate, and fuch perfons and other perfons engaged or fApefted of being engaged in fent from '	the	Ireland to,

Hosted by Google

234 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 44. [1798.

Great Britain, the like treafons or treafonable practices ; and it may he found expedient to fend other perfons to Great Britain under like circumjlances ; be it ena£led,That every perfon who hath been fent to Great Britain as aforefaid, before the pafling of this adf, and every perfon who, after the pafling of this ad, fhall be lent to Great Britain for fafe cuftody, by order of the lord lieutenant, or governor general, or other chief governor or chief governors of Ireland, and of fix or more of his Majefty’s privy council of the faid kingdom, fhall and may be detained in cuftody in this kingdom, in fuch place of fafc cuftody as to his Majefty final 1 feem fit, iititledb1 the Prov^e^ f*uch perfon fhall be charged with high treafon, fufpi-aw of Ireland c,on °f high treafon, or treafonable pradices, by warrant under the hand and feal of one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate : provided always neverthelefs. That no perfon (hall be detained as aforefaid, fo as to prevent the trial or difcharge of fuch perfon in due courfe of law, whenever fuch perfon fhall King's bench by the law of Ireland be entitled to fuch trial or difcharge ; but in England, in all cafes in which any perfon fo detained would by the law of Ireland, if in cuftody in that kingdom, be entitled to be tried or difcharged, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon to apply to the court of king’s bench in England, or to any judge of that court, or to the court of judiciary in Scotland, or to any judge of t hat court, to be difcharged ; and if it fhall appear to fuch court or to fuch judge that fuch perfon, if in cuftody in Ireland, would tobedifcharg- be entitled to be tried or difcharged, it fhall be lawful for fuch ed, or lent to court or fuch judge to order fuch perfon to be difcharged, or to be fent to Ireland, to be dealt with according to law.

VIII.	And whereas many perfons engaged in the late rebellion in Ireland, and in other treafonable pro Alices there, have fled from Ireland, and are now in Great Britain ; and other perfons may come from Ireland to Great Britain under the like cir cum fiances \ and it may be it expedient, not only to arrefl fuch perfons, for the purpofe of fending them to Ireland to be tried for fuch offences, but aljo to fecure and detain fuch perfons in Great Britain, until they can be properly See. commit- fent to Ireland to be tried or difcharged in due courfe of law\ be it t^b^d Tabled ^urt^er ena(fted, That it fhall be lawful for one of his Majefty’s in GreatalnC Principal fecretaries of ftate, by warrant under his hand ahd leal, Britain until to order any perfon who fhall be in cuftody upon any charge of he can be high treafon, fufpicion of high treafon, or treafonable practices,

toTrehndCto d°nC

or committed in Ireland, to be fecured and detained in be tried or	Great Britain, until fuch	perfon can be properly fent to Ireland,

difcharged:	to be tried or difcharged	in due courfe of law: provided always

and when neverthelefs, That no perfon (hall be detained as aforefaid, fo as t^efor t0 Preven* tle tr,a^ or difcharge of fuch perfon in due courfe of charged fuch ^aw’ whenever fuch perfon fhall by the law of Ireland be perfon may entitled to fuch trial, or difcharged; but in all cafes in which apply to the any perfon fo detained would by the law of Ireland, if in cuftody court of king’s	jn that kingdom, be entitled to be tried or difcharged, it (hall be

tn< Mn	lawful for fuch perfon to	apply to the court of king’s bench in

England, or to any judge of that court, or to the court of judiciary

in

by order of the lord lieutenant and of fix privy councillors, to be detained in cuftody in fuch place as his Majefty fhall think fit But when e

law to be tried or difcharged, fuch perfons may apply to the court of

or court of jufticiary in Scotland, or one of the judges of thele courts, who fhall order them

Ireland.

One of his Maiefty's fecretaries of ftate may Qrder any perfon in cuftody on a charge of 1 high treafon,

England, or court of judiciary in

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii IIL c< 45,46-	235

in Scotland, or to any judge of that court, to be difcbarged ; and if Scotland, or it (hall appear to fuch court or to fuch judge that fuch perfon, if in cuflody in Ireland, would be entitled to be tried or difcharged, jhall order it thall be lawful for fuch court or fuch judge to order fuch him to be perfon to be difcharged. or to be fent to Ireland, to be dealt with difcharged, according to law.	£££*

IX.	And be it further enaded, That this ad (hall continue in Continuance force until the laid firft day of March one thoufand eight hundred, of this ad. and no longer.

X.	And be it further enaded, That this ad may be altered,

varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be made in this prefent repealed this felfion of parliament.	'	fefilon.

CAP. XLV.

An aft for making perpetual fo much of an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, chapter feventy-four, videlicet,0^ the twenty-fxth clay ^November one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, intituled, An ad to explain and amend the laws relating to the tranfportation, imprifonment, and other punifhment of certain offenders, as relates to the • punifhment of burning in the hand of certain perfons convifted of felony within the benefit of clergy.—[May 20, 1799.]

WHEREAS an aft was made in the nineteenth year of the reign Preamble.

of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An ad to explain and amend 19 Geo. 3. the laws relating to the tranfportation, imprifonment, and other c* 74> recited, punifhment of certain offenders : and whereas fo much of the faid aft as relates to the p uni foment of burning in the hand when any perfon is convifted for felony within the benefit of clergy, which ivas to continue in force until the firfl day of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, and from thence to the end of the then next fcffion of parliament; and ivhich was, by three afts made in the -twenty fourth, twenty-eighth, and thirty fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majefy ,further continued until the firfi day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, has been found ufeful and.beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame jbould be made perpetual; be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua) and temporal, muc^ Qf and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the recited adt as authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid ad as relates to relates to the the punilhment of burning in the hand, when any perfon is con- punifhment of vided of felony within the benefit of clergy, fliall be, and the tile hand fame is hereby made perpetual.	be perpetual.

CAP. XL VI.

An aft for making perpetual fo much of an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, chapter feventy-four, videlicet, On the twenty-fixth day 0/November one thoufand feven

hundred

Hosted by Google

2^6 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 47—49. [1793*

hundred and feventy-eighty intituled, An a£t to explain and amend the laws relating to the tranfportation, imprifonment, and other punifhment of certain offenders, as relates to the lodgings of judges at county ajfizes.—[May 20, 1799.]

Preamble	TT/HERE AS an att was made in the nineteenth year	of the reign

1 Geo I VV ofhisprefent Majejly^ intituled^ An adt to explain and amend c?74Vrecited, the laws relating to the tranfportation, imprifonment, and other punifhment of certain offenders: and whereasfo much of thefaid aft as relates to -the lodgings of judges at county afiizesy which was to continue in force until the firjl day of J une one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament \ and which was, by three aSts, made in the twenty-four thy twenty-eighth, and thirty fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, further continued until the firjl day of June one thoufand feven hundred and mnety-niney and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parliament, has been found ufeful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame Jhould be made perpetual: be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid adt, as relates to the lodgings of judges at county afiizes, fhall be, and the fame county aflizes, is hereby made perpetual, to be perpe-

So much of recited adt as relates to the lodgings of

judges at

tual.

CAP. XLVII.

An adt to continue, until the fifth day of July next, an adt, made in the prefent fefiion of parliament, chapter twenty-four, videlicet, On the twenty-firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing feveral adts, made in the thirty-fixth, and thirty-feventh, and in the thirty-eighth, years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for fufpending the operation of certain adts, made in the fifteenth, and feventeenth, years of the reign of his prefent Majelty, for retraining the negociation of promiffory notes, and bills of exchange, under a limited Aim, within that part of Great Britain, called called England.—[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. XLVIII.

An adt to continue, until the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine, an adt, palled in the prefent fefiion of parliament, for continuing feveral adts for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to iflfue note^ for fums under a certain amount—[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. XL1X.

fin aft to extend the bail to be given in cafes of criminal informationy inthat part of Great Britain called Scptland.—[June 13, 1799.]

Preamble,

Adt of the parliament of Scotland 1701.

WHEREAS by an aft of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thoufand feven hundred and onSy intituledy An adt for preventing wrongous imprifonment, and againfl undue delays in trials, the fums for which bail was ordered to be taken in

criminal

Hosted by Google

1798*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii IJ1. C.49.	237

criminal informations were not to exceed fix thoufand merks for a noble-man, three thoufand merks for a landed gentleman^ one thoufand merksfor any other gentleman, and burgefs, and three hundred merks for any other inferior perfon^ all money 0/Scotland: and whereas by an aCfy made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firjl,	^e°e*cjTt^j

intituled, An adt for more-’effedlual difarming the highlands in that c*1 *rea part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better fecuring the peace and quiet of that part of the kingdom ; reciting, That it was found, by experience, that the fums for which bail is to be taken on any criminal information, in purfuance of the faid aft of the parliament ofScotland, were too ftnall and difproportioned to the danger of the criminals efcapingfrom the punifhment appointed bylaw, it was enaftedjThatfro?n and after thefirjl day of] une one thoufandfeven hundred and twenty-fivey it might and Jhould be lawful to and for all and every fnagijlrate^judgey and court of judicature within Scotland, who by the faid aft above recited were, in cafe of criminal informations and accufationSy directed to limit the bail by them to be taken to the feveral and refpeftive fums above^ mentioned^ to extend the bail to be given in the faid feveral and rejpec-tive cafes to double the fums provided by the aforefaid afty if he or they^ upon the circumjlances of the cafe, Jhould think fit: and whereas it is again found by experience, that the fums to zvhich bail was extended by the faid laft recited aft in criminal informations and accufationSy however adequate they may have been at this lajl period to the genei'al fate of the country, and to the circumjlances of individuals, do no longer bear any fuitable relation theretOy and have become infufficient for com-felling perfons accufed of crimes to ft and their trials, and tend to render ineffectual and nugatory the mofl falutary laws, to bri?ig into contempt the authority of the raagijlratey and to afford a temptation and facility to the commtffion of crimes: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Magjftrato fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Scotland may affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after extend the the palling of this ad!, it fhall and may be lawful to and for all and bail to be every magiftrate, judge, and court of judicature, within that part gj.veI?in ca%s of Great Britain called Scotlandy who by the faid laft recited adl	to~

were, in cafes of criminal informations and accufations, diredled I?aool. fora to limit the bail by them to be taken to double the fums pro- nobleman, vided by the aforefaid adl of the parliament of Scotland> to ex-	a

tend the bail to be given in the faid feveral and refpeclive cafes) man odfS if he or they upon the circumftances of the cafe (hall think fit, any other* to the feveral and refpecfive fums following; videlicet, To one gentleman, thoufand two hundred pounds fterling for a nobleman, fix burgefs, or hundred pounds fterling for a landed gentleman, three hundred and^ol°for^s pounds fterling for any other gentleman, burgefs, or houfeholder, inferior per-and to fixty pounds fterling for any inferior perfon.	fon.

II.	And whereas feveral infiances have lately occurred of difaffefted In cafes where perfons concerned in focieties of a criminal nature, when any of their perfons,are affociates have been committed to prifonyfubfcribing the fums neceffary for bailing fuch perfonsy in order that, by forfeiture of the bail bonds, fe(^ti0n, any they may evade a trial and efcapefroin juftice; fye it therefore enadt- judge of the 4	*	ed,	court of juffiU

238 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 50*51. [1798.

chry, on ap- ed, That in all cafes where any perfon fhall in future be im-the name^of Pri^onec^ °n a charge of being guilty of the crime of fedition, it. his Majefty’s Qiall and naay lawful for the judges of the court of jufticiary, advocate, may or any one of them, on an application for that purpofe in the extend the name of his Majefty’s advocate, to extend the bail refpeftively the^uTs0^ herein directed to be taken, beyond the fums above fpecified, to above fpeci* fucn amount as, under all the circumfhnces of the cafe, the fied.	court, or any judge thereof, fhall confider fufficient for enfuring

the attendance or the appearance of the perfon accufed on the We °YY>ns”	tna^: Provlcled always, That nothing herein contained,

o^the^enefits	extend, or be conftrued to extend, to deprive fuch perfon

of the recited of the other benefits of the afts above-mentioned, and particu-afts.	larly of his forcing on the day of trial, as fpecially directed by the

act of the parliament of Scotland fir ft above recited.

CAP. L.

Ari aft for making perpetual an aft, madeinthethiity-third yearofthe reign of his prefcnt Majefty, intituled, Ah aft-for the further relief of debtors, with relpeft to the irnprifonment of their perfons; and to oblige debtors, wno (hall continue in execution in prilon beyond a certain time, 'and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the aft, to make dif-covery, and deliver, upon oath, their eftates for their creditors benefit. —[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. LI.

An a5l for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-find eight hundred and two, J'everal laws relating to the tranfpor-tation cf felons and other offenders, and to the author! fingthe removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement in England and Scotland refpeftively.—[June 13, 1799.J

WHEREAS the feveral laws hercin-after mentioned have been found ufeful and henficial, and it is expedient that the fame Jhould be further continued; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre-fent parliament afi'embled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of an aft, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of ^ortation be-~ Pre^ent Majefty, intituled. An aft to explain and amend the laws yond Teas; relating to the tranfportation, irnprifonment, and other punifhment of and fo much certain offenders, as relates to tranfporration beyond the feas; and of 24. Geo. 3. alf0 fo much of an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the tends to au-T re*£n ^1S Pre*'ent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the effectual thorife the tranfportation of felons and other offenders ; and to author ife the re-removal of moval of prifoners, in certain cafes; and for other purpofes therein offenders to mentioned; as extends to authorife the removal of offenders to ^ace^oYcon ternLPorary places of confinement; which afts were amended finement* to ar|d continued by two other afts of the twenty-eighth and be continued thirty-fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, until the till March *5, fftft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

Preamble.

So much of 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. as re-

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 52

and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament ; fhall be, and the fame are hereby further continued until the twenty-filth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two.

IL And be- it further enacted, That fo much of an ad, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the more effectual tranfportation of felons and other offenders in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to author ife the removal of prifoners, in certain cafes, as authorifes the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, which was to continue in force until the firfl: day of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and which was revived and continued by an ad of the thirty-fourth year of his .prefent Ma-jefty, until the firff day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, fhall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two.

—54* 239

So much of 25 Geo. 3. c. 46. as authorifes the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, to be continued till March 25, 1802,

CAP. Lll

An ad for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two, lb much of an ad, made in the ninteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, chapter feventy four, videlicet, On the twenty-fixth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, intituled, An ad to explain and amend the law's relating to the tranfportation, imprifonment and other punilhment, of certain of-1 fenders, as relates to penitentiary houfes.—[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. LIII.

An ad to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and four, fo much of an ad, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy,' for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.—[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. LIV.

An a£f to indemnify all perfons who may have incurred penalties or , forfeitures under an paffed in the fecond year of the reign of King James the Firjl, intituled, An ad concerning tanners, curriers, (hoemakers, and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather ; and to repeal parts of the faid a£l, relating to the buying of hides.—[June 13, 1 799. J

"1 X 7HEREAS by an afi,paffed in the fecond year of the reign of his preamble.

V t majefly King James the Firff intituled, An ad concerning % jac. i.c. 2?., tanners, curriers, (hoemakers, and other artificers occupying the recited, cutting of leather, it is amongjl other things enabled, Float noperfon or perfons fhall bargain, buy^ make any contract for, or befpeak, any rough bidey or calve Jkin in \he hairy but only fnch perfon or perfons as by

' virtue

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

24°

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgti III. c* 54. [1798.

virtue of the faid aft may lawfully ufe the craft or myftery of tanning of leather, and fall tan the fame, or fuch- perfon or perfons fall taw the fame; and that no tanner or other perfon or perfons fall fore-Jlall any hides coming to any fair or market, nor fall buy any hide any other where than in open fair or market, unlefs it be of fuch perfon or perfons as fall kill the Jaid be of, whereof the faid hide fall be for the provifion of his or their own houfe or houfes, upon pain of the forfeiture therein-mentioned: and whereas notwithjlanding the faid aft, it has been ufual and cujlomary for tamers to buy raw hides of perfons who kill beajls, whereoffuch hides are taken, although fuch beafls have not been killed for the provifion of their own houfe or houfes, in confluence of which a ftions have been lately brought, and other aftions may be brought againfl tanners and others who have fo bought raw hides, on the ground that fuch buying is contrary to the prohibition of the faid aft: and whereas' the practice of fo buying hides was not introduced by the perfons againfl whom aftions have been brought, but has been prevailing many years, and particularly the hides of beafls bought and killed for the publick fervice have ufually been fold to tanners, and not in publick markets, and have been again fold by the pur chafers without tanning or tawing the fame; and it will be injurious to the publick fervice if fuch hides fhall not continue to be fo fold: and whereas the aftions fo brought might be attended with the ruin of the defendants: in order therefore to present fuch litigation, expence, and mfchief, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in tins prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au- , thority of the fame. That all and every perfon or perfons againfl: whom any adion, bill, plaint, or information hath been or fhall for	^roug^t	f°r any penalty or penalties incurred before the paiT-

fodes^thfr- J*nS this	rea^*on of any breach of the faid prohibition

contained in the aforefaid ad, (hall be, and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged from the fame; any thing in the before-mentioned ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, That all cofts incurred in profecuting any fuch adion, bill, plaint, or information, fhall be borne and difeharged by thedefendant or defendants in fuch adion, bill, plaint, difeharged by or information; and it fhall be lawful for the defendant or de-the defend- fendants, in any adion or actions brought or to be brought as thereupon^ay a^Qre^a^? t0 apply t0 the court in which fuch adion, bill, plaint, proceedings/ or information, (hall be brought to flay all proceedings therein on payment of fuch cofts.

Adt not to in- III. Provided alfo, That this ad, or any thing herein contained, n0t extenc^ or conftrued to extend, to indemnify any per-whom^final f°n aga^n^ whom final judgement fhall have been given before the judgement fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, fhall have been in any fuch adion, bill, plaint, or information; and-that the degiven before fendanr, in any fuch adion, bill, plaint or information, which has ^Prj S> *799> been or be brought, may plead the general ifiue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and in cafe any p\ea has already been pleaded, or^ny

demurrer

Perfons indemnified againfl actions brought for penalties incurred un-

wife than in open marketj &cc.

Cofts incurred in profecuting fuch actions to be

Hosted by Google

1798-] Anna rcgni triceCmo nono Georgii III. c. cf

demurrer filed, may move the court to ftay all proceedings, and the court (hall make fuch order as may be neceffary for effectuating the purpofts of this a£t.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That notwithftanding any t^Tedted^ thing in the fa id a£t contained, it (hall be lawful for all performs a(^as prohi-to bargai n, buy, contract for, or befpeak,any rough hide or calfikin bits the buy-in the hair, of beads flaughtered for the ferviee of his Majefty’s mg hides of navy, ahhough fuch perfon or perfons (hall not afterwards tan or ^S.Sfor the" taw the fame; and that fo much of the faid acl as prohibits the fervjce of the bargaining, buying, contracting for, or befpeaking any rough navy, and hides, or calf fkin in the hair, of beads flaughtered for the fer~ not afterwards vice of his Majefty’s navy, and not afterwards tanning or tawing Jaw^n^them the fame, or the buying of raw hides any otherwife than in open or t^e buying fair or market, or impofes any penalty or forfeiture in refpedt of raw hides

thereof, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.	,	otherwife

than in open market, re-

CAP. LV.

An a£t for encouraging the improvement of lands fubjeft to the fer-vitude of thirlage in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, —[June 13, 1799.]

pealed.

X IS 7 HERE AS it is found by experience^ that the fervitude of V reamble.

VV thirlage, and 7'ight of mill fervices incident thereto, in that part a/Great Britain called Scotland, are very unfavourable to the general improvement of the country, by checking the induflry of the occupiers of the ground, and by occafiohing trouble feme and expenfive litigation ; and that it is highly expedient that it fhould be allowed to perfons fubjefi to fuch fervitude to compenfate or to commute the fame by a fixed annual payment, in lieu and fatisfafiion of the faid right of thirlage, and of all fervices, prefations, and refer iflions, thereto incident or pertaining, and in feme cafes to make an entire and complete pur chafe of the feme fora fair and adequate price: therefore be ir enadled by the King’s moft excellent majeily, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing of this ad!, Proprietors of

it fhal and may be lawful for the proprietor or proprietors 0f landJ dm-led,

1	.	7	,	• * 1 v -V. 1	r	A	or of mills to

any lands or tenements thirled or aitriaed to any mill, in that which lands -

part of Great Britain, called Scotland, or to the proprietor of any are thirled,

mill to which the lands or tenements of any other perfon or per- may apply to

Tons are thirled or affridted, who fhall be delirous to have fuch *lav.e the '

thirlage or aftridiion changed or commuted intp fuch annual commuted to

payment, to apply to his Majefty’s fheriff or fteward depute of the Iheriff or

the county or ftewartry in which fuch lands or tenements, and Reward de-

mills, are fituated, or to his fubftitute, by a petition, fetting

forth fuch his or their defire, and fpecifying the lands and tene- proceed

ments fo thirled, which he or they is or are defirous fhould be as herein di-

freed from fuch thirlage, and the mill or mills to which fuch reffed.

lands or tenements are fo thirled, and alfo the nature of the tlhr-

lage, the feveral fpecies of corn or grain over which it is ex-

Vo in XLII.	R	tended.

242

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 55. [1798.

tended, the quantity of multure paid for grinding every fort of grain, the fervices dependant on the right, and the total amount of the multures and other dues claimed or allowed to be due; which petition the faid fheriff, or fteward depute or fubftitute, fhall order to be ferved on the other party or parties interefted in the faid thirlage, and on the tenant or tenants of the mill or mills defcribed in the faid petition, and fhall alfo caufe an edidlal citation to be made of all parties having or pretending to have intereft in the faid thirlage, at the church or churches of the parifh or parifhes within which the mill, and alfo the lands thirled thereto, are fituated ; and the party or parties on whom fuch petition is ferved fhall, within forty days after fuch fervice and citation, if within Scotland, or if furth thereof, then within fixty days, lodge with the fheriff or Reward’s clerk their anfwers to the petition, (and if any of the faid fubjedfs are entailed, on the next fubftitute heir of entail within the kingdom, who would fucceed failing the heir in poffeffion and his family), and fhall therein fet forth all objections they may have, either to any further procedure or to the matter of the faid petition; and they fhall alfo date every claim, demand, or deduction, which they are either then or afterwards to make or crave; which petition and anfwers the fheriff, or fteward depute, or his fubftitute, fhall immediately take into consideration, and within thirty days fhall make an order or decree finding and declaring the precife matters in the faid petition and anfwers, which are relevant to p3fs to the knowledge of a jury in manner after mentioned, and twenty days from the date of fuch order or decree having elapfed, or in cafe of any advocation, fufpenfion, or other ftay, by the authority of a fuperior court within ten days after fuch advocation, fufpenfion, or other ftay, has been difcufled and removed, the fheriff, or fteward depute, or his fubftitute, (hall pronounce an interlocutor, appointing a jury to be fummoned on a certain day, to be expreffed in the faid interlocutor, at the diftance of not lefs than thirty and not more than forty days from the date of fuch interlocutor, to give their verdicft or determination on the matters contained in the faid petition, and anfwers and decree made thereon by the faid fheriff, or fteward depute or fubftitute, or by a fuperior court, in fuch manner, and for fuch purpofe as herein after is directed ; and the faid fheriff, or fteward depute, or his fubftitute, is hereby directed and required to fummon and aflize of at the leaf!: twenty-one impartial and difinterefted men, each of whom fhall be an heritor or tenant of land, paying thirty pounds fterling of yearly rent within the faid county or ftewartry, or in the cafe of heritors occupying their own lands, then of thirty pounds Scots of valued rent, on fuch day as fhall be mentioned in the interlocutor aforefaid ; which affize being called on the faid day, the number of perfons then attending on the faid aflize fhall be reduced to nine by each party, (that is, the proprietor of the mill on the one part, and the proprietor or proprietors of the thirled lands or tenements on the other), ftriking

off

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c-55-	243

off alternately, beginning on the part of the proprietor of the mill, or in cafe of any of the parties not appearing, by the fheriff, or ftewart depute or fubftitute, ftriking off for and on behalf of fuch party, till the number be reduced to nine, who fhall be fworn, and conftirute a jury for the determination of the annual value of the thirlage fervices and predations thereto annexed, which is fubmitted to their confider2tion ; before which jury, and the faid (heriff or deward depute or fubditute, the faid petition and anfwers and decree, together with fuch evidence as any of the parties may incline, fhall be laid ; which evidence (hall be taken in writing, and remain for four years at lead upon record in the court where it was taken ; and after deliberating thereon, and hearing parties and their procurators, if they fhall defire to be heard, and upon a due conlideration of all the circumdances of the cafe, the faid jury fhall, by their verdiCt or determination, fix and afcertain the amount of fuch annual payment, in grain of fuch kinds, and in fuch quantity and amount, as to the faid jury fhall appear to be a jud, fair, and equal value and compenfation for the faid right of thirlage, and all and every fervice, predation, or reftri&ion thereto annexed or incident; of which verdiCt or determination an abbreviate fhall be regidered by any of the parties in the general regifler of fafines at Edinburgh, or the particular regider for the faid county or ftewartry, within fixty days after the pronouncing of fuch verdiCt or determination: provided always, That nothing Ad not to in-herein contained fhall invalidate or infringe the right competent fnnge the to the proprietor of any mill for fupporting and repairing the mill dam, and the ledd or aqueduCt conducting the water to for fUpport> fuch mill, by taking dones, turf, or other materials, from the ing mill dams, thirled lands of any neighbouring heritor along which the faid aqueduCt paffes, or of deepening or clearing the fame, conform to ufe and wont.

II.	And whereas the faid petition and anfwers may contain matters of law touching rights of thirlage, whereto the faid /heriff, or Jlew~ ard depute or fubftitute, has not a co?npete?7t jurifdiftion; be it therefore enaCted, That it dial] be lawful to the faid fherifF, or Sheriff, fteward depute or fubditute, and they are hereby empowered

and authorifed to decide and determine by their order or decree, t;ons *n jaw ** on the faid petition and anfwers, all queflions in law therein contained in contained, refpeCting the nature, quality, and extent of the thir- petitions and lage to be valued, and fervices, predations, and reftriCtions there- ardwers« to incident, or the claims, demands, and deductions, made or craved by either of the parties; any law or praCtice to the contrary notwithftanding.	1

III.	Provided always. That it fhall not be lawful to the faid Sheriff, See. fheriff, or fteward depute, or fubftirute, to pronounce any judge-

ment or decree, finding or declaring l^nds to be thirled orifthepro_ * aftriCted to a mill, where the proprietor of the lands denies the prietor deny exiftence of any fuch right of thirlage, unlefs the other party it, unlefs the produce an extraCt of a decree of declarator pronounced by other party the court of feflion, or fufficient evidence thereof in proof of otTheTight.0

R 2	his	^

After three years regif-tration of the verdiCt, it fhall not he altered, See.

Annoregni tricclimo nono Georgii III. c. 55. [1798.

his right, and that the faid fheriff, or Reward depute or fubfti-tute, (hall (fuch production not being made) difmifs the petition in fo far as regards the lands which are denied to be thirled, and proceed only to the valuation of the thirlage of thofe lands which are confefled to be thirled, as in manner is before directed.

IV.	And be it fpecially enaded, provided, and declared. That after the expiry of three years from the registration of the ver^ did of the jury, the faid verdid, and the proceedings had relative thereto, (hall not be reduced, fetafide, reviewed, altered, or amended by the court of feffion, or any other judicatory, for any negled of the provisions herein contained, or for any informality or error, or for any other reaSon or pretext whatever; and if any party Shall purfue any procefs of reduction of the verdid of the jury, or other procefs for letting the fame afide, or for altering or amending the lame, in the court of feffion, and (hall fail in fuch purfuit or procefs, fuch party profecuring as aforeSaid (hall be liable to the other party or parties in full cods of fuit.

V.	And be it further enacSted, That after fuch verdid and determination as aforefaid, the fervitude of thirlage, and all Services, predations, and reftridions, pertaining or any way inci- "

prietor of the dent thereto, fo valued by the faid jury, fhall ceafe to be exigi-mill fhall be ble from, or binding upon either or any of the parties, but that ^eive^he rC* *n ^,eu ^lereo^ laid proprietor or proprietors, occupier or oc-compenfation cuPiers of the thirled lands or tenements, fhall be bound and obliged to pay, and the proprietor of the mill to which the faid lands or tenements are thirled, fhall be bound and obliged to receive annually at the mill where the multure under the former fervitude of thirlage was in ufe to be paid, or at fome other convenient place to be fixed by the jury, fuch quantity or amount of corn or g'ain, of fuch kind or fort, kinds or forts as the faid jury fhall in manner aforeSaid determine to be a juft compensation or equivalent for fuch right of thirlage, or in the option of the payer, the value of fuch corn or grain in money, according to the value or price put upon fuch kind or l^inds of corn or grain by the fiars of the county in which the grain is payable, for the year within which fuch payment is due.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Verdi&not to declared, That fuch verdid or determination fhall not be prevent--be delayed by ed or delayed by the abfence or non-attendance of any perfon any perfons interefted in fuch thirlage, but that the jury (hall proceed on

~ * fuch evidence as fhall be produced to them by any of the parties then and there attending, and pronounce fuch verdid and determination as aforefaid, which fhall be as valid and effedual, to all intents and purpofes, as if all the parties interefted therein had attended, and been heard in relation thereto; but it is alfo provided, that if any of the parties (hall Chew fufficient reafon for adjourning the laid day appointed for taking the verdid of the jury, it (hall be lawful for the faid fherifF, or Reward depute or iubftitute to make fuch adjournment to any day within thirty days from the day firft appointed, the party praying an adjournment always defraying all expences thereby incurred.

VII. And

After verdid all reftric-tions to ceafe, and the pro

in corn, or its value in money, at the option of the payer.

interefted, but the day for taking it may be adjourned, on fufficient reafon being fhewn.

Hosted by

Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 55*	245

VII. And be it further enafted, That the annual payment Annual pay-herein above direcfted to be made, in lieu and fatisfadlion of the \n iicU faid fervitude of thirlage, fhall be payable at the term of Candle- ^made at mas in each year, the firfl: payment to be made at the term of Candlemas. Candle?nasy Immediately fubfequent to the date of the verdi<51 or determination of the faid jury; the amount of which firil payment fhall be fixed by the faid jury, according to fuch proportion as they fhall judge reafonable on the whole circ urn (lances of the cafe.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That where the mill or mills The commu-aforefaid, with the rights of thirlage thereto annexed, are let to tenants under tacks or leafes, the annual payment in grain or mjns jet cn money, fo as aforefaid to be paid as a commutation or equiva- Jeafe fhall be lent for the right of thirlage annexed to fuch mill, fhall, and the full compen-fame is hereby declared to be payable, during the term or cur-rency of fuch tack or leafe, to the tenant or lefTee of fuch mill where paid by or mills, and fuch annual payment fhall be to fuch tenant or lef- proprietors of fee, tenants or lefiees, full compenfation for or in lieu and fatif- landsonleafe faction of all multure, mill fervices, or other rights or fervitudes pertaining or incident to the faid right of thirlage let to him or {he^ro*-^ them by fuch tack or leafe, fuch tack or leafe, or any condition prietor. or predation therein contained notwithftanding; and where the lands of the fervient tenement or eftate thirled are let in leafe to tenants, and the proprietor fhall pay the annual commutation or equivalent, the lelfees fhall in that cafe be obliged to make payment to the proprietor of a portion of the faid annual commutation or equivalent, correfponding to the rent of the lands let on leafe compared with the total amount of rent payable by the whole lands thirled, and that the faid proportion of the faid annual commutation or equivalent fhall be recoverable by the proprietor in the fame manner in which he is entitled to recover his

rent.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enatSled, That if the propor- 0n °bje<ffioi> tion by rent fhall be objected to by tenants paying one fourth

or more of the rent of the lands thirled, the faid jury fhall then fourth of the divide according to the bed of their judgement, information, rent of lands and belief, the different parts of the commutation to be paid by thirled, a jury the feveral tenants, according to the value of multures, fervices, commutation and predations legally exigible from the feveral refpedtive farms occupied or poflefled by them; or if the parties are not then prepared, the fheriff or fteward depute or his fubflitute, is hereby authorifed and required, at the requeft and defire of the above-mentioned proportion cf the tenants, again to convene the aforefaid jury, in manner and with notice as above directed, and that on any day within the fpace of two months from the date of their firft award, when the faid jury fhall meet and make fuch divifion,

X.	And whereas the annual payment to be adjudged under this adl to the proprietor of a mill, in lieu of the multures, mill fervices, and other rights, from which the lands thirled are to be thereby relieved, is meant and underfeed to be of equal valuey and a full compenfatipn

r 3	/or

246 Anno regni tricefimo nono Geokgii III. c. 55. [1798.

for the difcharge thereof and in no ways to take from or diminijh the value of his right as proprietor, it is further hereby enabled and Commutation declared. That the difcharge of the multures, mill fervices, and

not to give claim to the mill proprietor to relief from the land tax, nor to aftetf: right of freehold.

Thirlage of

the Inveeta et I]lata may be pur-chafed.

Such thirl age may be pur-chaled notwit handing the mill be held under a deed of entail, ^ on certain conditions.

other rights belonging to a proprietor of a mill, as to the whole or any part of the lands aftridted to it, and the fubflitution of an annual payment by way of compenfation in place thereof, in the manner above provided for, (hall afford to fuch proprietor no ground or pretence for claiming relief from any part of the" cefs or land tax payable by him in refpedf thereof, either where fuch mill flood feparately valued in the cefs books, or where it was included in a joint or cumulo valuation with other parts of his property ; and for the fame reafon, that it fhall not in anyways affedf or impair any right of freehold, or qualification to ele£fc or be eledted as a member of parliament, arifing from or founded upon it, either where the mill with its mill lands and multures of itfelf affords fuch qualification in refpedt of its valuation or old extent, or where it makes part of a tenement which forms fuch qualification, either on its valuation or as feparately retoured of an extent fufficient for that purpofe.

XT. And whereas there is a kind of thirlage known in the law and practice ^/'Scotland, called A Thirlage of the Invedla et Illata, to which fundry towns, burghs, burghs of barony, villages, or other places in that part cf the kingdom, and the inhabitants thereof are fubjefi, which thirlage it is expedient to allow to be pur chafed by the perfons fubjefl to the fame, be it therefore enacted. That if any inhabitant or inhabitants of fuch town, burgh, village, or place, fhall be defirous to purchafe an exemption from the faid fervi-tude of thirlage, and all and every the fervices and preftations incident thereto, to which the whole town, burgh, village, or place is liable from the proprietor of fuch mill or mills entitled to the fame, it fhall be lawful and competent to them to apply, in manner above mentioned, to the fhcriff or fteward depute of the county or ftewartry in which fuch town, burgh, village, or place is fituate, who (hall take fuch proceedings, 3nd fummon a jury in fuch manner as is herein-before particularly directed, which jury fhall by their verdidt fix and determine the full value in money of fuch right of thirlage in perpetuity, on which verdidt and determination the faid fheriff, or fleward depute or fubfli-tute fhall pronounce decreet againfl the' perfon or perfons fo petitioning or applying to him as aforefaid, for the fum fo fixed and determined by fuch jury, on payment of .which to the proprietor of the mill, fuch town, burgh, village, or place, or fuch inhabitant or inhabitants thereof, formerly fubjeft to fuch thirlage, fhall thenceforth be for ever freed and relieved from the fame.

Xil. And it is hereby further enacfled, That fuch proceeding may take place, and fuch exemption be purchafed in manner aforefaid, notwitbflanding the mill or mills, to which fuch burgh, town, or village is thirled, be held by the proprietor or proprietors thereof under a deed or deeds' of entail; provided that price paid for the fame, in virtue of the determination of the

jury

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 56.	247

jury and decreet of the fheriff hereby directed, (hall be fettled and fecured in like manner as is directed in the cafe of fuperio-rities fold to the va-flals of entailed eftates, by an adt, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for taking away the tenure of ward 20 ^eo* holding in Scotland, and for converting the fame into blanch andfeu c* holdings; and for regulating the cafualty of non-entry in certain cafes; and for taking away the cafualties of fingle and life rent efeheats incurred there by horning and denounciation for civil caufes; and for giving to heirs and fucccffors there a fummary procefs againjl fuperi-ors; and for difcharging the attendance of vajfals at head courts there ; and for afeertaining the fervice of tenants there; and for aU lowing heirs of talzie there to fell lands to the crown, for erefting buildings and making fettlements in the highlands.

XIII.	And whereas it may happen, that a mill and fome of the ^ f mill and

lands thirled to it may be within different counties or feivartries; be ^hin^differ-it enadied, That in fuch cafe the application fhall be made to ent counties, the fheriff or ftewart of the county or ftewartry in which the application mill is fituated, before whom the parties concerned who live to be made to without his jurifdidlion may be cited by virtue of letters of fup- ^her^the plement in common form.	millis fituate.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby exprefsly enadled and

declared, That nothing herein-before contained fhall apply to tend^here*" the cafe where a permanent annual payment, either in money or dry multure grain, is already fixed or eftablifhed under the name of dry mul- is fixed, ture, in lieu of the fervitude or thirlage, but referving never-thelefs to either party, as well the proprietor of the dominant as of the furvient tenement, to apply in manner herein-before di-redled for commutating or compenfating by fuch fixed annual payment as herein-before mentioned, all mill fervices and other preftations and reftridtions, if any fuch are exigible, over and above the fum of money or grain payable in name of dry multure as aforefaid.

CAP. LV1.

An aft to explain and amend the lazus relative to colliers in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.—^[June 13, 1799.]

WHEREAS, before the puffing of an aft of the fifteenth year Preamble.

of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An adl for .altering, ex- 15 Geo. 3. plaining, and amending leveral of the adts of the parliament of c* r^eited, Scotland, refpedling colliers, coal bearers, and falters, many coU Hers, coal bearers, and falters, were bound for life, to and transfer-rable with, the collieries andfait workers where they worked j but by the faid aft their bondage was taken off, and they were declared to be free, under the conditions therein mentioned \ not with/landing which, many colliers and eoal bearers fill continue in a fate of bondage, from not having complied with the provifons, or from having become fub-jeft to the penalties in the faid aft: may it therefore pleafe yoqr

Hosted by Google

and all colliers in Scotland, bound

of, to be free from fervi-tude.

248 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii 111. c. 5-6. [1798.

Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enadled by the King’s moil excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ipiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aifembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the pa fling of this acl, all the colliers in that part at Theti me^of	Great Britain, called Scotland,	who were bound colliers at the

pairing there- time of pr*fling the laid abf, fhall be and they are hereby declared to be free from their fervitude, and in the fame fituation in every refpebl as if they had regularly obtained a decree in the manner directed by the faid a£l.

II. And whereas by an afi of the Scots parliament, videlicet, Of the twenty fecond parliament of King James the Sixths (twenty-eighth of June one thoufand fix hundred and fevent een), chapter eighty and by another aSt of the Scots parliament, videlicet, Of the firJi parliament of King Charles the Second, (in January one thoufand fix hundred and fixty-one), chapter thirty-eighty it is enabled, T hat the juf-tices of the peace for the fereral counties and jlewartries in Scotland <c fhall appoint at the quarter feffions to be kept in Auguft and February, the ordinary hyre and wages of labourers, workmen, and fervants, and wbo Jhall refafe to ferve upon the price fet down by them, Jhall be imprij'oned and further pmijhed at their difcretion; and to the effect fer vants may be the more willing to obey the ordinances to be made by the faid jujlices for the faidfees, the faid jufiices Jhall have pozver to decern and compel the mafler to make payment of the fees appointed by their ordinance, in cafe the fervants pleaj'e rather to fue for the fame before them than before the judge ordinaryand whereas doubts have arijen whether the pozvers given to the jujlices of the peace by the two atls of the Scottiih parliament above recited extend to colliers \ be it enabled and declared, That the faid two (5. 8. of the a6ts of the Scottijh parliament, videlicet, The aforefaid act of the md Scots par- twenty-fecond parliament of King fames the Sixth, (twenty-ta<nd c	Jime	one	thoufand	fix	hundred	and	feventeen),	chap-

38.	of the * ter the eighth, and the aforefaid a6l of the firft parliament of iftofCar. a. King Charles the Second, (January the,firft, one thoufand fix fo far as they hundred and fixty-one), chapter the thirty-eighth, in fo far as cf^wao-es^of1^ ^ame relate to the fixing and appointing of the ordinary labourers, to hire an^ wages of labourers, workmen, and fervants, do extend extendtoper- to and include colliers, coal hewers, coal bearers, and all other fonsemployed perfons of every defeription employed at collieries, in that part tdes^in Scot- Great Britain, called Scotland; and fuch and the like powers and authorities, rights, remedies, and privileges conferred by thefe ftatutes, relative to the fixing and appointing of the ordinary hire and wages of labourers, workmen and fervants, are hereby given, conferred, and granted, and declared to extend and apply to colliers, coal hewers, coal bearers, and all other perfons of every defeription employed at collieries, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Powers onl^d III. Provided always, and be it enafted, That fuch powers uponTppUca- anc* authprities (hall only be exercifed upon the application of tion of the the party or parties aggrieved.

p irty ag-	IV,	Attd

grieved.

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 56,	249

IV.	And be it enabled, That any two or more juftices may Two juftices and (hall exercife, upon the like application fo to be made to exerc^e them, all the powers and authorities which are given by the tuc l)0wers* aforefaid ftatutes to the faid juftices at their quarter feftions, in

fuch manner as is therein provided.

V.	And whereas there is a general pra Rice among the coal owners

and leffees of coal, of advancing confiderable fums to their colliers, of for their behoof much beyond what the colliers are able to repay; which fums are advanced for the purpofe of tempting them to enter into or continue their engagements, notwithjlanding the fums fo advanced are kept up as debts againjl the colliers \ be it therefore further ena£fced, That no diligence or adtion (hall be competent a(^10n for any fum or fums of money hereafter to be lent or advanced	adl

to colliers, or other perfons employed at the collieries as afore- vance(j byor^ faid, by the coal owner or leilee of any colliery, or by any other on behalf of perfon or perfons on their behalf, or for any debts due by col- coal owners liers or other perfons as aforefaid, which fhali be acquired hy colliers^ex* the faid coal owners or leffees, or by others on their account, cept fup, either previous to their engagement, or during the currency port of their thereof, and in view of the fame; excepting always fuch fum or families in fums as fhali be advanced to any collier, or other perfon em- ^efs °* ploved at collieries as aforefaid, during the currency of his or

her fervice, for the fupport of his or her family, in cafe of ficknefs.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enadled. That it fhali and Coal owners

may be lawful to the coal owner or leffee who fhali lend or ad-°r e^s.

J r , ,	r	.	,	.	c	may detain a

vance fuch fum or fums of money, to retain from the wages orpa/tofthe

the colliers or others aforefaid, to whom the fame (hall be fo lent weekly wages

or advanced, one twelfth part of the faid fum or fums weekly, hll money ad-

till the principal fum or fums, without intereft, fo advanced, be n^id^nd^a

paid up; but declaring, that if the engagement of fuch collierhaveana<5Hroi

fhali expire before the principal fum or fums fo advanced be for the

fully paid up, the coal owner or leftee who advanced the fame balance.

fhali have a£Hon for the balance, in the fame manner as if this

a£t had not palled,.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That fuch debts as Debts due by were due by colliers to their mailers at or before the pafting of colliers at this a&, (hall not be hereby extinguished ; and declaring alfo, alfnot exS that debts due by colliers or other perfons as aforefaid, at or be- ttngutfked^ fore the palling of this a<ft, to the coal owners or leffees, may be but may be

v lawfully alligned or transferred to other coal owners or leffees alfigned with with whom they may afterwards engage, with the confent of the con lent ot the debtors themfelves ; and if aftigned with their confent, then the de orb* debts fo aligned (hall be as valid and effectual to the other coal owners or leffees, as if this a£f had never palled: provided always, That the vouchers of all debts due by colliers to coal Vouchers of owners and leffees of coal before the pafting of this a<5l, or a lift ^^s^o^be of the fame, figned'by the faid coal owners and leffees, fhali be the recorded in the fheriff court books, within three months after court books, fche pafting hereof, for which a fee of one (hilling fhali be paid, or held null.

Hosted by Google

250 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 57—59. [1798.

and no more; and that all debts, the vouchers of which are not fo recorded, fhall be held to be null and void, and not recoverable in any court of law.

VIII.	And whereas there have of late been many attempts to fe-Seducers of ^iice colliers out of Scotland into foreign countries, be it therefore Colliers from further enafted, That all perfons feducing, or attempting to Great Britain feduce, colliers or others aforefaid, from the kingdom of Great ed as feducer° ^ritain’> be punifhed in the fame manner as perfons feducing, of znanufac- ° or attempfing to feduce, manufafturers or other artizans are turers.	punifhable	by	law.

Ko coal maf- IX. Provided always, and belt enabled and declared, That no ter or 1 elite to coal mailer or leflee of coal (hall act as a juftice of peace under

aft as a juftice this aft.

under thib aft.	And *lt purt|ier enabled, That the laws now in force

^ombinarions a§a*n^- un^avv^ combinations of whatever kind, (hall extend to and include colliers, coal bearers, and other perfons employed at coal works as aforefaid; and that nothing in this aft contained fhall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to alter or repeal any part of the afts of the parliament of Scotland relative to colliers, unlefs in fo far as is exprefsly done by this aft or by the faid aft of the fifteenth year of his prefent Majefty.

CAP. LVII.

An aft for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and perfons aft-ing as fuch, in the Weft India iflands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms. —[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. LVIII.

An aft to enable his Majefty to grant a certain annuity to fir James Mar* riott knight, late judge of the high court of admiralty, in confideration of his diligent and faithful fervices in the execution of that office.—-[June 13, 1799.]

A life annuity of 2,oool. granted to fir James Marriott, to commence from Oftober 15, 1798, and to be paid quarterly.

CAP. LIX.

An ad for permitting certain goods, imported from the Eaft Indies, to be warehoufed; and for repealing the duties now payable thereon and granting other duties in lieu thereof—[June 13, 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, in order to fecure to this country the benefit of an extended trade in goods, the produce <and manufacture of the Eaft Indies, that certain goods imported from thence fhonld be permitted to be warehoufed, and that the duties on the fame fuould be repealed, and other duties JJoould be granted in lieu thereof: be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirttual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the

authority

to extend to colliers,

Preamble.

Hosted by Google

1798-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 59.	251

authority of the fame, That from and after the thirty-firft day ofFromAug.^r, Augujl 6ne thoufand feven hundred and nirtety-nine, it (hall and the Eaft may be lawful for the united company of merchants of England pan^may1* -trading to the Eaft Indies, on the legal importation into this warehoufe kingdom of any goods, wares, or merchandize, (except as herein- imported after is provided), to enter, and land and lodge any fuch goods, wares, and merchandize, in warehoufes, under the fecurities, addi^" rules, regulations, and reftri£tions direcled and required by this tional duties. ' a6f, on payment, in the manner herein-after directed, of the following new and additional duties of cuftoms, and without payment of any other duty whatever, fave and except the duties of cuftoms impofed by an a6f, pafTed in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, 38 Geo. 3. and for granting new and additional duties cf cujloms on goods import- c* 7 6. ed and exported, and on the tonnage of certain flips entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the fgning the preliminary articles of peace \ videlicet,

For every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all Additional muflins plain, nanquin cloths, muflins or white callicoes flower- duties, ed or ditched, imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, the fum of feven pounds and ten (hillings:

For every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all plain white callicoe, plain white dimity, and of all goods, wares, and merchandize, prohibited to be worn or ufed in this kingdom, imported by the faid united company, the fum of two pounds and ten (hillings :

And for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all other goods, wares, and merchandize, imported by the faid united company, (except bullion, diamonds, and other precious flones, tea, cotton wool, nutmegs, mace, doves, and cinnamon), the fum of two pounds :

Which value fhall be afeertained according to the grofs price at which fuel) goods refpediively lhall have been fold at the Tales of the faid united company, without any deduction or abatement whatever; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs value than one hundred pounds.

II.	And be it further enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful Additional

for the faid united company to fecure by bond, in the ufual and	^

accuftomed manner, the new and additional duties of cuftoms	y

impofed by this a£L, which bond (hall be given to his Majefty,

his heirs and fucceffors, in a penalty equal to double the amount thereof, with condition for the payment of the laid duties, within four months after the expiration of each and every publick fale of goods, wares, or merchandize, by the faid united company.

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena6led, That before Goods duly any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, fhall be fo lodged or fe- entereciand cured in warehoufes, the fame (hall be duly entered with the ianded maybe proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, and regularly landed, lodged in

after warehoufes

Hosted by Google

z$2 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. [1798. approved by after which fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall and may be fio^err^the	or	^ecurec^	in luch warehoufes as are now provided by the

cuftoms faid un*lted company, or which may hereafter be provided by them, whofe officers fuch warehoufes to be firft approved by the commiffioners of his are to take an Majefty’s cuftoms in England for the time being, or any four or the°'oods^ 1X101:6 °f them ; but before any fuch goods, wares, or merchan-e ^°° s* dize, or any part thereof^ fhall be fo lodged or fecured in fuch warehoufes, or as foon after as conveniently may be, the fame fhall be examined by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, who (hall take a particular and correct account of the quantity, quality, fpecies, number and contents thereof, which account fhall be regularly entered in a book or books to be provided and kept for that purpofe, and in fuch manner as they the faid com-miftioners (hall from time to time think proper to direft. Purchafers or JV. And jt js hereby further enafted, That it fhall and may goods^foMbyke lawful for the purchafer or purchafers, or proprietor or pro-the company, prietors of any goods, wares, or merchandize, fo lodged or fe-may export cured in warehoufes by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, and them direftly which have been publickly fold by the faid company, to export v-a re ho life on	fame direftly from the warehoufe or warehoufes in which the

payment of fame have been refpeftively lodged or fecured, without payment the duty im- of any further duty or duties of cuftoms or excife whatever, fave pofed by	and except the duty or duties of cuftoms impofed by the faid re-

c^76Cand*	Eitcd a ft, patted in the laft feffion of parliament; provided that

entering into the exporter or exporters, or proprietor or proprietors, of any bond that they fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, fhall, before the delivery fbjdl not be	thereof for exportation, make a due entry with the proper officer

Great Britain	or °®cers °f h,s Majefty’s cuftoms, and (hall, together with the

’matter or other perton having or taking the charge or command of the fhip or veflel in which fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, are intended to be exported, and one fufficient furety, (to be approved by the colleftor and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port of exportation), enter into bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in treble the value thereof, with condition that the faid goods, wares, or merchandize, fo intended to be exported, fhall be landed at the refpeftive ports or places for which the fame fhall have been entered, and that no part of the fame (hall be relanded in Great Britain, or landed in the iflands of Guern-Jey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the iftands of Faro or Ferro.

Such goods V. And be it further enafted, That if any goods, wares, or Gnernfe” &c merchandize, which (hall have been (hipped for exportation, may be leized! according to the regulations of this aft, fhall afterwards be landed in the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the iflands of Faro or Ferro, the fame (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms. Purchafers or VI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the purchafer or Pood^foMS C^Purckafers, or proprietor or proprietors, of any goods, wares, or at publick	merchandize, imported by the faid united company, and lodged

fates of the	or fecured in warehoufes according to the directions of this aft,

company, which fhall have been fold at the publick fales of the faid company,

Hosted by Google

179S-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 59.

pany, after the faid thirty-firft day of Auguji one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, fuch goods not being prohibited to be worn or ufed in this kingdom, (hall intend to take any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, from any fuch warehoufe, for the purpofe of being ufed or confumed in this kingdom, fuch purchafer or purchafers, or proprietor or proprietors, (hall, before the fame lhall be fo delivered from any fuch warehoufe, make a due entry of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, with the proper officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and pay down in ready money, without any difcount or abatement, to the collector or other proper officer of the cuftoms, the feveral and refpedtive duties of cuftoms here-in-after mentioned; (that is to fay), On all fuch goods, wares, and merchandize, fo intended to be taken out of any fuch warehoufe as aforefaid, not being prohibited to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom, and which are particularly enumerated or de-fcribed in the table hereunto annexed, marked A. the feveral duties of cuftoms, as the fame are refpe<5tively inferted* defcrib-ed, and fet forth in figures in the faid table marked A. and which duties, fo paid, (hall be inftead and in lieu of the feveral duties of cuftoms due and payable on and immediately before the thirty-firft day of Auguji One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, on any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize imported by the faid united company, fave and except the duties of cuftoms payable by virtue of the faid recited a£t, pafled in the laft feffion of parliament ; and on all goods, wares, or merchandize, fo intended to be taken out of any fuch warehoufe as aforefaid, not being prohibited to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom, and which are not particularly enumerated or defcribed in the faid table marked A. the feveral and refpedUve duties of cuftoms due and payable on the importation of any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, by the faid united company, by any a£f or acfts of parliament in force on and immediately before the faid thirty-firft day of Auguji one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

VII.	And be ft further enabled, That no drawback of any duty of cuftoms whatfoever (hall be paid or allowed on the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize, imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaji Indies, which (hall have been fold at the Tales of the faid united company, after the thirty-firft day of Augufl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, except mufiins plain, nanquin cloth, mufiins or white callicoes flowered or ftitched, plain white callicoes and dimities, which fhali have been printed, ftained, painted, or dyed in this kingdom, and on the due exportation from this kingdom of any fuch goods fo printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, on which the full duties, as the fame are inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the table hereunto annexed, marked A. have been paid, there lhall be paid or allowed to the exporter or exporters thereof, the feveral drawbacks of the faid duties as the fame are refpedlively inferted,,defcribed, and fet forth in the faid table marked A.: provided always, That nothing herein

con-

253

taken out of vvarehoufes for homecon-fumption, to make entry and pay certain duties.

No drawback to be allowed on exportation of goods fold by the company after Aug u ft 31, 1799, except on certain articles.

A<ft not to repeal the pre-fent draw-

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

254 Anno regni tricefimo nono GeorgIi III. c. 59. [ 1798.

backs on cer- contained (hall in any wife alter or repeal the drawbacks now tain articles. payab]e on the exportation from this kingdom, of tea, nutmegs. No drawback mace, cloves, and cinnamon : provided alfo, That no drawback fhall be paid or allowed on any goods, wares, or merchandize, fo taken out of any warehoufe as aforefaid, and on which the full duties have been paid, unlefs fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall be actually (hipped on board the fhip or veflel in which the fame are intended to be exported, within the fpace of one year from the time of the payment of fuch full duty.

VIII. And be it further ena&ed, That before any goods, wares, or merchandize, fhall be delivered out of or taken from any warehoufe or warehoufes in which the fame (hall have been package to be lodged or fecured by virtue or in purfuance of this a<5t for the marked as the purpofe of exportation, each and every package thereof fhall be of thTcuRoms mar^ec^ m diftinguifhing manner as the commiflioners of fhall direct/ h,s Majefty’s cuftoms in England, or any four or more of them,

_ , fhall from time to time direct.

Officers of the cuftoms to

to be allowed on warehoused goods not fhipt within a year from payment. of duty.

Before goods are taken out for exportation, every

keep an account of all goods imported.

Regulations relpedting payment of duties thereon, &c.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms fhall keep a regular and correct account of all goods, wares, or merchandize, imported by the faid united company, diftinguithing the cargoes refpedtiveiy imported in each particular (hip or veflel; and within the fpace of three years, from the day on which the captain or commander of each and every fuch fhip or veflel fhall, in the ufual and accuftomed manner, have made his report at the cuftom houfe, the faid united company (hall pay, or caufe to be paid, to the proper officer of the cuftoms, all and every fum or lums of money due and payable on account of the cargoes refpecftively imported in fuch fhip or veflel, according to the account taken at the firft examination thereof; and in cafe any part of the cargo of any fhip or veflel fhall then remain unexported, and without the full duties having been paid thereon, it fhall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, to require the faid united company to caufe fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, to be fold, in cafe they fhall not have been fold, (unlefs leave (hall have been previoufly obtained from the lords commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury to grant a further time previous to fuch re-fale being fo ordered, which they are hereby authorifed to do, upon fatisfa&ory evidence of the neceflity of the cafe being laid before them); and in cafe they fhall have been fold, then to be re-fold, either for exportation, if fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, are prohibited to be worn or ufed in this kingdom, or for exportation, or home confumption, if not fo prohibited in the manner herein-after directed ; and after fuch fale or re-fale, the produce thereof fhall firft be applied to or towards the payment of the freight, primage, and charges of warehoufe room and other charges that fhall arile thereon, next the cuftoms and duties, and the overplus to be paid to the proprietors or other perfons authoriied to receive the fame; and if from the account to be kept as aforefaid.

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 59.	255'

faid, it (hall appear that the quantity, number or contents, of any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, is or are lefs than the quantity, number, or contents, taken by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, according to the directions of this act, at the firft examination of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, or that the whole thereof has not been duly exported, or the full duties paid thereon, or any part thereof remaining to be difpofed of as before diredlcd, the faid united company (hall, within thirty days, pay, or caufe to be paid, the full duties on fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, fo remaining unexported, or on which the full duties have not been paid; and in all cafes when the faid com-miffioners of the cuftoms (hall fo require the fale of any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, the fame fhall be put up for fale by the faid united company at their then next enfuing fale, and fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, fhall be then fold by the faid united company for the higheft price that fhall be then pubiickly offered for the fame.

X.	Provided always, That in cafe any goods, wares, or mer- in Cafe of a chandize fo lodged or fecured in any warehoufe or warehoufes deficiency of as aforefaid, fhall be liable to duties according to the value there- warehoused of, and there fhall be a deficiency of the whole or any part of p^red’with1* fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, on comparing them with the the account of quantity, number, or contents taken by the proper officers of the the officers of cuftoms, according to the directions of this adf, at the firft ex- tJie cuftoms, amination of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, fuch values, in afcertaffiino°r order to afcertain the duties thereon, fhall be taken according to the duties to the higheft grofs price at which goods, of the like forts, denomi- be taken at nations, or defcriptions, fhall have been fold at the laft fale of the th? higheft faid united company, in which goods of fuch forts, denominations, j^ftfa^e S or defcriptions were fold.

XL And be it further enadfed, That in cafe any goods, wares, Goodsunfold or merchandize imported into this kingdom by the faid united remaining in company, (except tea, cotton wool, nutmegs, mace, cloves, and warehoufesoa cinnamon, and bullion, diamonds, and' other precious ftones), * ® , j^ie fhall, on the faid thirty-firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven to the addi-hundred and ninety-nine, remain in any warehoufe belonging tional duties, to the faid united company unfold, all fuch goods, wares, and ^red^orex" merchandize, fhall be fubjedt and liable to the new and additional portation but" duties of cuftoms by this adt impofed, for everyone hundred according to pounds of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs the regula-price at which fuch goods fhall be fold at the publick Tales of the ^nsn^^S faid united company, and which duties fhall be payable by the *ny ”^ei?1 faid united company in the manner directed by this adf; and purpofe, but fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, fhall not be delivered from under the the warehoufe in which they have been lodged or fecured, for the fai?e rules as purpofe of exportation, but on the fecurities, and under the rules, fince^haVday • regulations, and reftridtions required by this adt; nor fhall any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, be delivered from any fuch warehoufe for any other purpofe, but on payment of the full duties due and payable thereon, in like manner, and under fuch rules, regulations, and reftridtions, as if fuch goods, wares, and merchandize.

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

2$6	Anno	regni	tricefimo	nono	GeorgxI	III.	c.	59.	[1798.

chandize, had been imported into this kingdom by the faid-united company after the faid thirty-fir ft day of Auguji one thou-fand feven hundred and ninety-nine; any bond or fecurity, law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

The duties XII. Provided always. That if the faid united company fhal!, Au^ulfT before the faid thirty-firft day of Auguji one thoufand feven hun-1799, on 9 dred aru^ ninety-nine, have paid to the proper officer of his Ma-warehoufed jefty’s cuftoms the whole or any part of the duties which may goods unfold, have become due and payable on any fuch goods, wares, or mer-^tdbvthe chandize, f° remaining unfold in any of the warehoufes belonged mmfffi oners *nS to l^e l^id united company, it (hall and may be lawful for of cuftoms. the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England, or any four or more of them, to direct fuch duties fo paid by the faid united company, to be repaid in fuch manner as they the faid commiffioners (hall think fit to direct.

If goods de- XIII. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any goods, ’ortation* on" wares>or merchandize, which fhall have been warehoufed or other-which the’ full wife fecured according to the directions of this ad, and on which duties have the full duties fhall not have been paid, fhall, after having been not been paid, delivered for exportation from the warehoufe for the purpofe of regularly (hip- being (hipped on board any particular fhip or vefTel, not be re-ped, or ihall gularly (hipped on board fuch fhip or vefTel, or having been put be relanded, into any bark, hoy, lighter, barge, boat, or wherry, in order to they fliall be be flipped on board fuch fhip or vefTel, fhall not be regularly the'veffel'^1 dipped on board the fame, or (hall be relanded from any fuch bark, hoy, lighter, barge, boat, or wherry, or having been (hipped on board the (hip or vefTel in which the fame are intended to be exported, fhall be unihipped or relanded therefrom, except by neceffity or diftrefs, to he proved to the fatisfacftion of the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms in England, fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms; and the (hip or vefTel from or cut of which any fuch goods fhall be fraudulently unfhipped, and a'fo the (hip, vefle), lighter, or boat into which any fuch goods (hall be received or taken, (hall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms.

XIV. And whereas the laws now in force, mode to prevent the fraudulent unjhipping or relanding of goods, wares, or merchandize, Jhipped for exportation to foreign parts, have not been found fufficient to anfwer the good purpofes thereby intended, and it is expedient, in order to prevent fuch illicit practice in future, that where any goods, wares, or merchadize, which have been fbipped for exportation to foreign parts, are by the lavas now in force, or by this prefent aff^ made liable to forfeiture for being unfhipped at fea, or landed in the ifands ^/'Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the iflands of Faro Where goods or ^errcb or rlanded in this kingdom, that the fhip or vejfel out of or are liable to from which any goods, vaares, or merchandize, fall be fo unfhipped, forfeiture for landed, or relanded, fhould alfo be Jubjeft and liable to forfeiture: be be*n£ unfhip- therefore enacfted, That where by this prefent a£t, or any other fds alfo to be or a^s Par^ament *n force on or immediately before the liable.	thirty-firft	day of Auguji one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-

nine,

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii IIT. c. 59.	257

nine, any goods, wares, or merchandize which have been fhipped in order to be exported to foreign parts, are or (hall be liable to forfeiture for or on account of the fame being unfhipped at fea, or landed in the iflandsof Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the iflands of Faro or Ferro, or relanded in this kingdom, then, and in fuch cafes, the (hip or veflel out of or from which any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall be fo unfhipped, landed, or relanded, fhal! be fubjed and liable to forfeiture, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, and {hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cu (loins.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That no goods, wares, or ^?re‘

merchandize whatever, which (hall have been lodged or fecured	ex-

in warehoufes according to the regulations of this ad, (hall af- ported to any terwards be exported, or entered for exportation, to any part of part of Europe, from any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, in any (hip or Eu™Pe» ’j1 veflel whatever which (hall not be of the burthen of one hundred JjjJj j °otonSs tons or upwards.	burthenj

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That no wrought filks, nor any fe]*zecj Bengals, or fluffs mixed with filk or herba, of the manufadure wrought filks, of Ferfia, China, or Eajl India, nor any callicoes printed, dyed, &c. after being painted, or ftained there, which (hall have been or (hall be feized ^fto^luxife under the authority of any a61 or ads of parliament relating to jn Qreat

the revenue of cufloms, (hall, after fale thereof at any cuftom tain, houfe in Great Britain, be exported, or entered for exportation to any part of Europe, in any fhip or veflel which fhali not be of the burthen of one hundred tons or upwards.

XVII.	Provided always, That when any fuch goods, wares, Seized goods or merchandize, which have been or (hall be fo feized, (hall be to be exported intended for exportation, and the fame (hall be in any Port Eonc*ori of Great Britain, other than the port of London, it fhali not be

lawful to export fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, from any fuch port, but that the fame fhali be removed, according to the laws and regulations now in force to the port of London, and fhali be exported from the faid port of London only.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That all Prize goods goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, production, or ma- the^lik^^ nufadure of £/;/«# or the Eaft Indies, taken and condemned as prize, duties, and fhali be fubjed to fuch duties, and entitled to fuch drawbacks, entitled to the as the like forts of goods are reflectively fubjed and entitled to h^e draw-by this ad when imported by the faid united company, and fhali backs, as

be fubjed and liable alfp to all and every the additional regular ported by the lations and reftridions enjoined and required by this ad; and company are that all goods, wares, and merchandize of the growth, produc- by this a6t; tion, or manufadure of India or China, or other parts within the ?nd al[°??oc*s limits of the exclulive trade of the faid united company, im- virtue of any-ported or brought into this kingdom by virtue or under the a6t in force pa authority of any a6l or ads of parliament in force on and imme- Auguft 31, diately before the faid thirty-firft day of Auguft one thoufand I 7?9* feven hundred and ninety-nine, (hall be fubjed to fuch duties,

Vox. XLII.	$	and

A<ft not to alter duties payable to the city of London, &C.J

and entitled to fuch drawbacks, as the like forts of goods, wares, or merchandize, are fubjebl and entitled to by this a6l when imported by the laid united company, and fhall be alio fubjebr and liable to all and every the additional regulations and reftri&ions enjoined and required by this a 61.

XIX, Provided likewife, That nothing in this a61 contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal or in any-wife alter the duties of package, fcavage, balliage, or portage, or any other duties payable to the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or to the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being, or to any other city or town corporate within the kingdom of Great Britain, or to any fpecial privilege or exemption to which any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, is or are now entitled by law, but the fame fhall be continued as aforefaid.

nor to allow importation into, or exportation from, Great Britain, of any goods contrary to acts in force

nor 38 Geo. 3.	XX. Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained fhall

c-	extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal, or in anywife vary

or alter the faid recited act of the laft feffion of parliament, during the continuance thereof.

XXI.	Provided likewife, That nothing in this a& contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to permit or allow any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever to be imported into, or-exported from Great Britain, in any way or manner contrary to any a6t or a6fs of parliament in force on and immediately before the laid thirty-firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, except in any cafe where provifion is exprefsly on Auguft 31, made for that purpofe in this adh

-799*	XXII.	And	be it further enabled. That the duties of cuftoms

Duties to be by this a6i impofed fhall be under the management of the com-na^ement^f" m^10ners °f the cuftoms in England for the time being; and the co men if-	the monies arifing from time to time by the feveral du-

fioners of cuf-ties by this a61 impofed (the neceftary charges of railing and toms, and to accounting for the fame refpebtively excepted) fhall from time the^xche110 t0 i]me	^nt0 t^‘e rece'Pt or" his Majefty’s exchequer at

IVejhninjler; and the faid money, fo paid in as aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the conlolidated fund.

XXIII. And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may he lawful to and for the commiftloners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and they are hereby authorifed and required, to make fuch allowance to the perfons who are at prefent employed in the fer-vice of the cuftoms, whole incomes fhall be reduced by the operation of this a61, in lieu of and by way of compenfation and fatisfablion for the fame, as they in their difcretion fhall judge neceftary, and fo order or direct; any thing in this prelent a6t, or any other a61 or acts contained to the contrary notwithftand-

quer.

CommiiTion-ers of the cuftoms may co m pen fate their officers affedfed by this ad.

Duties and XXIV. And be it further enabled. That the duties and draw-b^mana^ed0	cu^oms	hereby	impofed	and	allowed,	fhall and may be

as former du- managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, colledfed, anfwered, paid, ties and draw- fecured, recovered, and allowed in fjach and the like manner backs, &c. * and in and by any and either of the ways, means, and methods*

fo

Hosted by Google

1798-] Annoregni tricefimo nono Georgii HI. c* 59.	259

fo far as the fame are applicable to this adl, by which any of the duties or drawbacks of cuftoms on goods, wares, or merchandize, impofed and payable by any act or adls of parliament in force on and immediately before the paffing of this adl, were or might be managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, colledled, anfwer-ed, paid, fecured, recovered, and allowed; and the goods wares, or merchandize fo by this adl made chargeable with the faid duties of cuftomS} and on which the drawbacks are allowed, fhall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjedl and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftridlions, penalties,and forfeitures, to which any goods, wares, or merchandize, upon which any duties or drawbacks of cuftoms are impofed or payable, were fubj.edl and liable by any adl or adls of parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this adl; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed again!! or in breach of any adl or adls of parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this adl, made for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation and improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, powers, and direclions, therein contained, fhall, and are hereby diredied and declared to extend to, and fhall be refpedlively applied, praclifed, and put into execution, for and in refpedf of the duties or drawbacks of cuftoms hereby charged and allowed, as far as the fame are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a manner to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid adls, claufes, provifions, powers, direclions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enadled in the body of this prefent adt.

XXV.	And be it further enadled, That all penalties incur- Penalties may-red by this adl fhall and may be fued for, profecuted, recovered, and^ifpofed and difpofed of in fuch manner, and by fuch ways, means, and ofastheymay methods, as any penalties incurred for any offence againft the now be* laws of cuftoms may now legally be fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of; and the officer or officers concerned in profecutions under this adl, fhall be entitled to and receive fuch

fhare of the produce a-rifing from any pecuniary line or penalty, or compofition paid for any offence againft this adl, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon profecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XXVI.	And be it further enadled, That if any adlion or fuit Limitation <?f fhall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons

for any thing done or performed in purfuanceof this adl, fuch adlion or fuit fhall be commenced within three calendar months next after the fad! committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid in the county or place where the caufe of complaint did arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every fuch adlion or fuit may plead the general iflue, and may give this adl and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury fhall find for thq defendant or defendants in fuch adlion or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his or their adlion or fuit r$ %	after

260	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III, c. 59. [1798.

after the defendant or defendants hath or have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or Treble colts* plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall have treble cods, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in any other cafes to recover cods by law.

A<ft may be XXVII* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That altered or re- this a61, or any part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, ■feffion thlS bY any a& or a(^s to made in this prefent feffion of parliament.

TABLE A.

Duty.

£- *• d-

Arrangoes.—For every ioo/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which fuch goods fhall have been fold at the publick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or lefs value. -	-	53	9	I

Callicoes.—viz.

----Plain white callicoes, the piece -	-	—	6	8

---- For fuch of the faid goods which fhall be exported

from this kingdom, having been printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, therein, the piece

N. B. No piece of callico of the breadth of one yard and one quarter, or under, fhall exceed in length ten yards, and no piece of callico above thatbreamh (hall exceed fix yards y and if any piece of callico fhall exceed thofe lengths, the fame fhall be charged according to the re-fpedlive lengths of ten yards and fix yards for each piece, and fhall pay duty for the fame in that proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

------ And	befides	for	every	ioo/. of the true and real

value thereof, according to the grofs price at which fuch goods fhall have been fold at the pub-lick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or lefs value -	20	19	I

------ The	drawback	of	the	laft	mentioned	fur-

ther duty of 20/. J9A id. to be allowed on the exportation of fuch of thofe goods which fhall have been printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, in this kingdom, fhall be, for every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which fuch goods fhall have been fold at the publick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and in th^t proportion for any greater or lefs value -China Ware.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which

Drawback.

£• St d.

20 19 I fuch

Hosted by Google

179^•] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 59.

Duty.

£. *:\d.

fuch goods (hall have been fold at the publick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or lefs value -	109	8	6

Cotton Manufactures, not otherwife particularly enumerated or defcribed.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which fuch goods (hall have been fold at the publick Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or lefs value 122 4	5

Cowries.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which fuch goods (hall have been fold at the publick Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or lefs value -	53	9	1

Di MITY.—viz*

----Plain white dimity, the yard -	-	-	—	2	—

---- For fuch of the faid goods which (hall be exported.from this kingdom, having been printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, therein the yard — -And befides for every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which fuch goods (hall have been fold at the pub-lick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or lefs value -	22	3	6

~— The drawback of the laft mentioned further duty of 22/. 31. 6d. to be allowed on the exportation of fuch of thole goods, which lhall have been printed, ftainecl, painted, and dyed, in this kingdom, (hall be for every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which fuch goods (hall have been fold at the pub-lick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or lets value Drugs, manufactured, not otherwife particularly enumerated or defcribed,—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which fuch goods (hall have been fold at the publick laics of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or lefs value 78 11 5 Drugs, unmanufactured, not otherwife particularly enumerated or defcribed.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which fuch goods fhali have been fold at

5 3

261

Drawback.

i 8

20 3 2

tue

Hosted by Google

£61	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii HI. c. 59. [1798.

Drawback.

10

Duty.

the publick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or lefs value 51 14. I0 jAPANNEDor Lacquered Wares.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which fuch fuch goods fhall have been fold at the publick fales of the united company of merchants of E?igland trading to the Eaft Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or lefs value -	-	-	-	119

Muslins plain, nanquin cloth, muflins or white cal-licoes flowered or ftitched.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which fuch goods fhall have been fold at the publick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or lefs value 19 13 9

•---'For every 100 /. of the true and real value of fuch

of tire faid goods which fhall be exported from this kingdom, having been printed, (rained, painted, or dyed therein -Sugar.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which fuch goods fhall have been fold at the publick fales of the united company, of merchants of England, trading to the Eajl Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or lefs value ----And befides for every one hundred weight containing H2lb. -	-	-	-	—

Manufactured Goods, wares, and merchandize, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, not being exempt from duty,and not being particularly charged with duty when imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies.*—For every ico/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which fuch goods fhall have been fold at the publick fales of the faid company, and in that proportion for any greater or lefs value -	-	-	-	-71

Unmanufactured Goods, wares, and merchandize, (except tea), not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, not being exempt from duty, and not being particularly charged with duty when imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which fuch goods fhall have been fold at the publick fales of the faid company.

£■ s- ti-

ll 16 3

12 9 4

4 4

and in

value

that proportion for any greater or lefs

45

Hosted by

Google

CAP.

1798*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 60/	263

CAP. LX.

An aft for raifimg the fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds by way of annuities.—[June 21, 1799.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjebts, the com- Preamble.

mons of Great Britain in parliament aftembled, being defrrous to raife the neceflary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefty in this feftion of parliament, have re-l'olved that the fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds be railed by annuities, in manner herein-after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every contributor towards Everycontri-raifing the laid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand butor ofiool. pounds, fhall, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, ^principal be entitled to the principal fum of one hundred pounds, in con- of 100I. and folidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per 25I. in the annum, and to an additional principal fum of twenty-five pounds 3 per cent, in like annuities; and alfo to a further principal fum of fifty a^rinciptl'of pounds in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per 50p \n the centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; the faid feveral 3 per cent, conlblidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum reduced, per annum, to commence from the fifth day of fiuly one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; and the faid reduced annuity, alter the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; and that the faid confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the faid reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum respectively, in refpect of each one hundred pounds fo to be contributed as aforeiaid, fhall be charged and chargeable upon and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of, the confolidated fund, and fhall be payable and transfer rable at the bank of England; and the laid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, (hall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of January and the fifth day of July in every year ; and the faid reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, (hall be paid half-yearly, on the tenth day of Oftober and the fifth day of April in every year.

II. And whereas, purfuant to and upon the terms and conditions exprejfed in the faid refolution, feveral perfons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpofe,fulferibed together the whole of the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed by annultes; and made depofits of ten pounds per centum on the rejpeftive Jurns by them fo fubferibed to the faid fum of fifteen millions

c* 4

filU

Hosted by Google

2,64

Contributors who have made depohts to pay the remainder of fubfcriptions ' by inltal-jnents.

Contributors poffelfed of exchequer bills under 38 Geo. 3. c 90. may pay the fame in part of lubfcription, beyond the amount of the inftalment dqe.

Guardians ?my fubfciibe for infants.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 60, [1798.

five hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed by annuities, with the cajhiers of the governor and company of the bank ^England ; be it therefore enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch contributors, who have made fuch depofits with the cafhier or cajhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, (which cafhier or cafhiers,is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of fuch contributions, without any other warrant to be had in that behalf), to advance and pay unto thefaid cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the feverai remainders of the fumsby them refpeftively fubferibed towards the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, at or before the refpeclive days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to fay), The further fum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the nineteenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine ; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twentieth day of Augujl then next following; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twentieth day of September then next following ; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum * on or before the twenty-fecond day of October then next following; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-fecond day of November then next following; and the remaining fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twentieth day of December then next following.

III.	And be it further enabled. That every contributor to the faid loan of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, who fhall be poflefled of any exchequer bill or bills, made out by virtue of an aft pafied in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An a£l for enabling his Majejly to raife the fum of one million for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned, and for applying a certain fum of money therein mentioned for thefervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety'eight; for further appropriating the fupplies granted in thisfeffort of parliament; andfor making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders or or other orders, lojl, burnt, or ctberwije destroyed ; and who fhall pay in the whole of the fums by them refpeblively fubferibed, (hall be at liberty to payor deliver in, in part of fuch payments, any of the faid exchequer bills, to the extent of fuch fums as fhall then be paid beyond the amount of the inftalment due from fuch perfons on the fums by them refpeftively lubferibed towards the faid Joan ; and all fuch exchequer bills fhall be received in difeharge of fuch parts of the faid loan as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful for any guardian or truftee, having the difpofition of the money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the faid fum of fifteen milions five hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed by annuities in manner aforefaid ; and fuch infant, upon the payment of fuch fum or fums fubferibed by fuch guardian or truftee, fhall become a contributor within the njeu.ingof this aft, and be -entitled to have and receive the

annuities*

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 60.	265

annuities, advantages, and payments, in refpecft thereof, in fuch and the like manner as any other contributor; and the faid guardian and truftee, as to the faid fum or fums fo advanced is hereby difcharged, fo as the name of fuch infant he exprefied in the receipt or receipts for fuch money.	\

V.	And be it further enacted, That every contributor paying £>;fCOunttobe in the whole of the fums by them refpedlively lubfcribed in allowed on refpedt of the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand payment of pounds, to be contributed as aforefaid, at any time on or before thj whole of the twenty-firft day of November one thoufand feven hundred and tionsUinCn^~ ninety-nine, {hall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money advance.

as the intereft of each fum fo paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution refpe&ively (hall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the fame, to the twentieth day of 'December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; which allowance is to be paid by the faid cafhier or caftiiers out of the money to be contributed in purfuance of this act, as foon as fuch refpediive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, and afiigns, (hall have completed fuch payment.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That the feveral fubfcribers or Contributors

contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, and	to

afiigns, in refpe£t of the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred it^est'which11* thoufand pounds, fhall be entitled to an annuity, after the rate of fhall be paid three pounds per centum, for every one hundred pounds by him, half-yearly, her or them refpeCtively advanced and paid; and alfo to an an- but not till nuity, after the like rate of three pounds per centum, in refped of are

the faid additional principal fum of twenty-five pounds, to pkted. commence from the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, until redemption by parliament in manner here-in-after mentioned ; and fhall alfo be entitled in refpeef of every fuch one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid to a further annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, in refpedt of the additional principal fum of fifty pounds, from the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, until redemption by parliament in manner herein-after mentioned; which faid refpective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum refpedfively, fhall be payable and paid, half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to fay),

The faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of January and the fifth day of Julym every year ; and the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year; the firft payment upon the faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred, and on the faid reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of O5lober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; but (hall not be payable until the re-fpe&ive fubfcribers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, or afiigns, (hall have completed the whole of

the

Hosted by Google

As foon as iubfcriptions arecompleted they may be transferred.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 60. [1798, the fums by them fubfcribed for the purchafe of the faid annuities.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That as foon as any contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, or afiigns, ’{hall have completed their payments of fuch part of the whole fum payable by them refpedively towards the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, as fhall be payable in refjped of the feveral confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to which they refpedively fhall become entitled, in refped of fuch fubfcriptions, the principal fum or fums in the faid confolidated annuities fhall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England., placed to the credit of fuch refpedive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, and afiigns, completing fuch payments refpedively *, and as foon as fuch contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, or aftigns, fhall have completed the payments of fuch part of the whole fum payable by them refpedively towards the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, as (hall be payable in refped of the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, the principal fum or fums in the faid reduced annuities (hall forthwith be in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of fuch refpedive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, and afiigns, completing fuch payments ; and the perfons to whofe credit fuch principal fums fhall be fo placed, their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, and afiigns, fhall and may have power to afiigti and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the books of the bank ot England; and the faid governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be after the palling of this ad, to prepare proper books for the purpofe of entering the names of all fuch contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal fums fo paid by them refpedively; and that fuch of the (aid contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, or afiigns, who (hall complete the payments of fuch parts of the whole fum payable by them refpedtively, towards the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, as fhall be payable in refped of any or either of the faid refpedive annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England fhall have prepared their receipts according to the diredions of this ad, fhall be entitled to have the fums fo paid forthwith placed to their credit in the books of.the bank of England; and the faid governor and company are hereby required to caufe fuch fums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the perfons entitled to the annuities in refped thereof, in the books of the faid bank of England; and fuch entries in the faid books (hall be in lieu of the receipts hereby direded to be given for all fums paid in manner aforefaid ; and fuch fums fhall carry the confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per

centum

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 60.	267

centum per Annum, refpedlively, redeemable by parliament; and (hall refpe&ively be taken and deemed to be flock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of this acl, until redemption thereof in fuch manner as is herein-after mentioned.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That all Contributors and every fuch contributor or contributors, his, her, or their ex-

ecutors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, who fhall have fubfcriptions paid into the hands of the faid cafhier or calhiers the whole of a9 herein fpe-his, her, or their contribution money, in refpedl to the faid re- cified, to be duced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum.) on or before the feventh day of October one' thoufand ta-n ,,eri0(j^ * feven hundred and ninety-nine, fhall be entitled to have and re- 1 ceive on the tenth day of Oftober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, at the bank of England, the half year’s annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, that fhall become due on the faid tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; and that all and every perfon or perfons who fhall not have completed the whole of their faid payments, on or before the faid feventh day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, fhall, on completing the fame within the time in this a£f prefcribed, be entitled to receive the half-year’s annuity, on each of the faid feveral annuities by this ad granted, or to be granted, from the fifth day of July and the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, refpedxively as the fame fhall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of this n6l.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That all the annuities afore- Annuities

faid fhall be payable and paid, and be transferable, at the bank payable and of England; and fhall be fubiedt to fuch redemption as is herein- transferrable after mentioned.	at the bank-

X.	Andy for the more cafy and fare payment of all the feveral

annuities efablijhed by this aft, be it further enacted. That Bank to ap-the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and P°*nt a ca^ier their fucceffors, fhall from time to time, until all the faid aenewT" annuities fhall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more and the trea-fufficient perfon or perfons, within their office in the city of fury to order London, to be their chief or fil'd cafhier or cafhiers, and one	to^e

other fufficient perfon, within the fame office, to be their ac- cafhierfor C countant general; and that fo much of the monies by this a£l payment of appropriated for the purpofe, as fhall be fufficient from time to the annuities, time to anfwer the faid feveral and refpedtive annuities, and other payments, herein dircdled to be made out of the faid monies,

fhall, by order of the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpe&ive days of payment in this adl appointed for payment thereof, be iffued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the faid fir ft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, for the time being, by way of impreft

and

Hosted by Google

Cafliier to give receipts for lubfcrip-tions, which may be aligned before Kov. 21,1799.

:6S Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III, c. 60. [1798-0

and upon account* for the payment of the faid feveral and refpeftive annuities payable by virtue of this aft; and that fuch cafliier or calhiers, to whom the faid money {hall from time to time be iffued, (hall from time to time without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer; and that the faid accountant general for the time being, (hall from time to time infpeft and examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XI.	And be it further enafted. That the cafliier or calhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, who {hall have received, or fhall receive, any part of the faid contributions towards the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thou-fand pounds, (hall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every fuch contributor for all fuch fums; and that the receipts to be given (hall be aflignable, by indorfement thereupon made, at any time before the twenty-firft day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer: provided always,

Cafhier to give That fuch cafliier or calhiers (hall give fecurity to the good fecurity for liking of any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury, mone^he^e or	treafurer	for	the	time being, for duly anfwering and

ceives into the PaTng *lnro receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, for the pub-cxchequer. lick ufe, all the monies which they have already received, and fhall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in them repofed, and fhall from time to time pay all fuch monies as foon as he or they (hall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the fartheft, into and fhall account for the fame in the exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof, dedufting thereout fuch fums as (hall have been paid by hitn or them in purfuance of this aft, for which fums fo paid allowance (hall be made in his or their accounts.

XII.	And be it enafted. That in the office of the accountant general of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, a book or books fhall be provided and kept, in which the names of the contributors fhall be fairly entered \

„ contri- which book or books the faid refpeftive contributors, their re-a cfiirlic^teCS> ^Pe<^*ve executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afllgns, fhall whereof to be ar,d ma7 fr°m time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort to tranfmitted tc and infpeft without any fee or charge; and that the faid ac-the auditor countant general fhall, on or before the fifth day of July one of the exche- thoufanc[ eight hundred, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That fuch contributors, duly paying the whole fum fo fubferibed at or before the refpeftive times in this aft limited in that behalf, and their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, fhall have, receive,

and

A bock to be kept in the accountant general’s office, for en-terin

quer.

Contributors duly paying their fubferip tions entitled to annuities tax free.

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 6©.	269

and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this a61, to have, receive, and enjoy, the (aid feveral annuities, by this a& granted in re-fpedl of the fum fo fubfcribed, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this fefllon of parliament for payment thereof, and (hall have good and fare interefts and eftates therein, according to the feveral provifions in this a£f contained, and that the faid feveral annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever.

XIV.	Provided always, That in cafe any fuch contributors, who Subfcriptions-

have already depofited with, or fhall hereafter pay to the faid pa*d m

n-	•	r	r	r	c	r,	y	.	.	*	and not com-

calhier or calbiers any fum or fums of money at the time and in p]etecj, to be

the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the fum or fums forfeited, fo by them refpe&ively fubfcribed, or their refpedlive executors, admin ;ftrators, fuccefiors, or affigns, fhall not advance and pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, the refidue of the fum or fums fo fubfcribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every fuch cafe fo much of the refpedlive fum or fums fo fubfcribed, as fhall have been actually paid in part thereof to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, fhall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum refpe&ively, in refpedt thereof, fhall be extinguished ; any thing in this adl contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all perfons who fhall be Annuities to entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in refped of the be deemed faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, and

all perfons lawfully claiming under them, dial) be poftefled thereof as of a perfonal eflate, which fhall not be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife; any law, ftatute, or cuitom, to the contrary not-withftanding.

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be Treafury may lawful for three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or ^ppty

the high treafurer for the time being, to iffue and apply from "h/exche-* ° time to time all fuch fums of money as fhall be fo paid into the quer. receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer by the faid cafhier or cafhiers, to fuch fervices as fhall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this prefent feflion of parliament.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That books fhall be con- Accountant flantly kept by the faid accountant general for the time being, ?ener^ ^ wherein all affignments or transfers of all fums advanced or entering contributed towards the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred transfers, thoufand pounds, fhall be entered and regiftered; which entry

(hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and fhall be figned by the parties making fuch affignments or transfers, or if fuch parties be abfent, by their refpedfive attorney or attorneys thereunto lawfully authorifed, in writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witnefles; and that the feveral perfons to whom fuch transfers fhall be made, fhall refpe&ively underwrite their ac-

- ceptance

Hosted by Google

Treafury may defray incidental ex-pences out of contributions, and allow falaries to the cafhier and accountant general.

Anno regni tricefimo n6no Georgii III. c. 6b. [i 798.

ceptance thereof, and that no other method of affigning and transferring the faid annuities, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, fhall be good or available in law : provided always. Stocks may be That all perfons poflefled of any fhare or intereft in either of evi ed.	the faid hocks of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may

devife the fame by will in writing, attefted by two or more credible witneffes ; but that no payment fhall be made upon any fuch devife, until fo much of the faid will as relates to fuch fhare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid flocks of annuities be entered in the faid office; and that in default of fuch transfer or devife, fuch fhare, eftate, or intereft, in the laid flocks of annuities, lhall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, and affigns; Transfers not and that no ftamp duties whatfoever fhall be charged on any of duties"0 ^ami) *alC* trans^ers > any law or ftatute to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That out of the monies arifing from the contributions towards railing the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, fhall have power to discharge all fuch incident charges as fhall neceflarily attend the execution of this adt, in fuch manner as to them (hall feem juft and reafonable ; and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as fhall be thought proper for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid contributions; and alfo fhall have power to make, out of the confolidated fund, fuch further allowances as fhall be judged reafonable for the fervice, pains and labour of the faid cafhier or cafhiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities payable by virtue of this adl ; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant general, for performing the truft repofed in him by this acl; all which allowances to be made as aforefaid, in refpedl of the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, (hall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only.

XIX.	And be it further enabled. That all the monies to ^dtei*Cthis°aa w^ch anY Perf°n or perfons fhall become entitled by virtue of to be added to this abl, in refpedt of any fum advanced or contributed towards the joint (lock the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, of 3I. per cent. on which the faid annuities firft mentioned, after the rate of confols.; three pounds per centum per annum, fhall be attending, fhall be

added to the joint flock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the feveral fums carrying an intereft after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were by feveral adls made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and by feveral fubfequent adls, confolidated, and fhall be deemed part of the faid joint ftock of annuities, fubjedt neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner, and upon fijch notice as in the faid adt made in the

twenty*

The 3I. per cent, confols.

Hosted by Google

27I

1798.] Anno regm tricefimo nono Georgii HI. c. 60. twenty-fifth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, is directed in re-fpe£t of the feveral and refpedtive annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid adl; and that all and every perfon and perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, (lie, or they (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this a£l, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional in-terefi: and (hare in the faid joint dock of annuities at the rates a fore faid.

XX.	And be it further enadled, That all thp monies to The 3I. per which any perfon or perfons fhall become entitled by virtue of ^^ ^dedto this aft, in refpecfl of any fum advanced or contributed towards the joint (lock the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, of 3I. per cent, on which the faid annuity lafi mentioned, after the rate of three reduced, pound per centum per annum, fhall be attending, fhall be added to the joint flock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England,, which by an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majefty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum, to three pounds per centum per annum, and fhall be deemed part of the faid joint flock of annuities, fubjecfl never-thelefs to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner and upon fuch notice as in the feveral a£fs by which the faid annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were reflectively granted, are diredleJ in refpedl of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, fhe, or they fhall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this a6t, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional in-tereft and (hare in the faid joint flock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.

XXL And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or per- Perfons coun-(bns (hall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged ceipts for Conor counterfeited, or fhall willingly acfl or aflift in the forging or tributions, &c. counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any guilty of part or parts of, the faid contributions towards the faid fum of felony, fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any perfon or perfons being inferred therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or fhall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publifh, as true, any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, every fuch perfon or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acfling or aflifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publifhing as aforefaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fufter death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That the Bank to con-faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their t,nu^.a

'	'	fucceirors,porat,ontll!

h ;tec. 1 Google

2JZ

the annuities ' hereby granted ceafe.

No fee to be taken for receiving contributions, cr paying or transferring annuities, on penalty of 20I.

The treafury may before Dec. 20,1799, raife three millions by exchequer bills on credit of loan, tobe madeout agreeably to 39 Geo. 3. c. 2. and ligned by the auditor.

Anno regni tricefuno nono Georgit III. c. 60. [1798.

fucceffors, notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds, in purfuance of the afts for eftablilhing the fame, or any of them, fhall continue a corporation for the purpofes of this aft, until all the annuities by this aft granted fhallbe redeemed by parliament as aforefaid; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, (hall not incur any difabilitv for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this aft.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever, fhall be demanded or taken of any of his Majefty’s fubjefts, for receiving or paying the faid fubfeription or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt concerning the fame, or for paying the faid annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this aft, upon pain that any officer or per-fon offending, by taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward, or gratuity, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuit, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlmivjler, wherein no efloin, proteftion, privilege, or wager of law, injunftion or order of re-ftraint, or any more than one imparlance, fhall be granted or allowed.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That in cafe the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now or for the time being, or the high treafurer for the time being, fhall judge it advifeable to raife any fum not exceeding the fum of three millions, at any time previous to the twentieth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, on the credit of the loan hereby granted, it fhalf and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners and lord high treafurer respectively, at any time or times before the faid twentieth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to prepare or make, or caufe to be prepared or made, at the ex. chequer, any number of new exchequer bills, not exceeding in exchequer bills current at the fame time, the fum of three millions, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, (except where other directions for making out the fame are contained and particularly expreffed in this act), as in and by an aft of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing and granting to his Majejly certain duties upon malt, mum^ cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, are enafted and preferibed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid aft: provided always, That every fuch exchequer bill fhall and may be ftgned by the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, or in his name, by any per-fon duly authorifed by the faid auditor to fign the fame, with the approbation of the lords commiffioners of the treafury, in writing under their hands, or of any three or more of them.

XXV. And

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 60.	273

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the Powers of claufes, provifoes, powers, privilegeis, advantages, penalties, for- 39^0.3.e.a. feitures, and difabilities contained in the faid laft mentioned aft, chequed bills" relating to the exchequer bills authorifed to be made by the faid extended to aft, (except as herein mentioned), (hall be applied and extended thofe made

to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this aft, as under thisadt. fully and effeftually to all intents and purpofes* as if the fame exchequer bills had been originally authorifed by the faid laft-mentioned aft, or as if the faid feveral provifoes and claufes had been particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That the exchequer bills Exchequer to be made out in purfuance of this aft (hall and .may bear anan^ntereft1* intereft not exceeding the rate of three-pence halfpenny per cen- not exceeding turn per diem upon or in refpeft of the whole of the monies re- -^d, percent, fpeftively contained therein, and that all fuch exchequer bills per diem, and fhall be receiveable as money in payment for any publick taxes, three months to the receipt of any branch of the revenue at any time after the ^received in expiration of three months from the date of every fuch bill re- payment of fpeftively, and (hall alfo be receivable as money in any iqftal- taxes, of any ment of the loan hereby granted, which (hall become payable inftalment of after the expiration of three months from the date of every fuch the oan*

bill refpeftiveiy, and that no exchequer bills (hall be iffued on the whale, receivable in any one inftalment,to a greater amount than the fum which (hall remain,due on account of fuch inftalment at the time of the iflue of any fuch exchequer bill refpec-tively.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the The bank to faid exchequer bills to be made forth by virtue of this aft, when

and as the fame (hall become payable, (hall and may be received reiving ex^" •and taken by the faid calhier or caftiiers at the bank of England, chequer bills from any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, in payment of making any payments there, for or upon account of any part the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds; f”m^with the and the faid caftiier or cafhiers (hall, upon receipt of any fuch principal, exchequer bills in payment as aforefaid, compute and mark the intereft due on fuch bills refpeftiveiy, and the amount of the principal contained in fuch bills, and the intereft computed and marked^thereon as aforefaid, and (hall allow and receive the fame as ready money, and (hall pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer as cafh on account of the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, to be railed by virtue of this aft; and in cafe any fuch cafhier or cafhiers (hall refufe or neg-left to receive any fuch bill or bills, and to allow the principal and intereft thereupon, to be computed and marked as aforefaid, as ready money, in payment on account of the faid fum of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, then the perfon delivering the fame may bring an aft ion on the cafe for the damages fuftained thereby; and the plaintiff in every fuch aftion may recover his full damages fuftained thereby, with full cofts of fuit, in which aftion no elfoin, privilege, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed.

V OlXLII.	T	XXVIII. Pro-

Hosted by Google

274	Annoregni	tricefimo nono Georgii fll.c. 61. [1798.

Exchcqeur XXVIII. Provided always, and be it farther enabled, That no be receivedb exc^eclaer hill t0 he rnade forth by virtue of this a<ft, (hall be any receiver Pa*d, received, or taken by, or pafs or be current with, any col-of the reve- le<3or or receiver of any revenue, aid, fupply, or tax whatever, nue, till in payable to his MajeOy, his heirs or fucceffors, or at the receipt °* Pay~ of the exchequer, from any fuch receiver or colle&or, or from any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corpoate, (other-wife or on any other account than for the difcharging and cancelling of fuch exchequer bill, in cafe the fame fhall be in due courfe or order of payment), nor fhall any adlion be maintained againft any fuch collector or receiver, for neglecting or refufing to receive any fuch exchequer bill, nor againft any officer of the receipt of the exchequer, for negledling or refufing to receive the fame before the day on which the fame fhall be made payable in purfuance of this acf.

Perfons fued^e XXIX, And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or ^neraUffue.6 Per^°ns fhall be fued, molefted, or profecuted for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this aeft, fuch perfon or perfons {hall and may plead the general iflue, and give ihis a6\ and the fpecial matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences ; and if afterwards a verdibl (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difeontinue his, her, or their a&ion or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement fhall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife. Treble cofts. then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts award-- ed to him, her, or them, againft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs,

CAP. LXI.

An aCt to repeal the duty granted by an aft of the la ft feffion of par-It ament on raw linen yarn, the produce of the territories of the king p/Truffia, and imported direftly from thence into this kingdom; and for charging another duty in lieu thereof\—[June 21, 1799.]

Preamble,	\T7 HERE AS by an act,	paffed in the la ft feffton of parliament,

38 Geo. 3.	VV intituled, An a£t for	the better protection of the trade of

c. 76, recited, this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of cuf-toms on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain (hips entering outwards or inwards, to or from foreign parts, until the figning the preliminary articles of peace; among/}. other things, a duty of three Jhillings the hundred pounds is impofed on the importation of raiv linen yarn : and whereas it is expedient to repeal the faid duty on raw linen yarn, known by the names fl/'Ermland Yarn, Lithuania Yarn, and Tow Yarn, being the production of <jny of the territories or dominions of his majejiy the king of Pruffia, and imported into this kingdom direftly from any part of the faid territories or dominions; and to impofe in lieu thereof a duty of three pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of fuch raw linen yarn fo imported: be it therefore enaefted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirkual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembied, and by the authority of the fame, That, from

Hosted by

Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 62.	275

and after the twentieth day of May one thoufand feven hundred From May ao, and ninety-nine, the duty impofed by the faid recited ad on rawimpofed linen yarn, known by the names of Ermland Tarh, Lithuatiia the recited Yarn, and Yow Yarn, being the produdion of any of the territories a6t on raw or dominions of his majefty the king of Prujfia, and imported into },nen yarn this kingdom diredly from any part of the faid territories or do- ^^e^nt0 minions, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, (fave and ex- peaiea| cept in all cafes relating to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, relating thereto, which (hall have been incurred at any tirne before the palling of this ad).

II.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the faid a^d inftead twentieth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- {^alUie \evied nine, in lieu and in .ftead of the faid duty hereby repealed, there 3j, for every fhall be raifed, levied, colleded, and paid, unto his Majefty, his iool. of the heirs and fucceffors, in ready money, without any difcount what- value of the ever, upon the importation of fuch raw linen yarn, being the pro- import-dudion of any of the territories or dominions of his majefty the

king of Prujfia, and imported into this kingdom diredly from any part of the faid territories or dominions, a duty of cuftoms of three pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of fuch raw linen yarn fo imported.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the value of fuch raw ^afclrta^ed linen yarn fo imported, fhall be afcertained by fuch rules and regu- by tjie regU_ lations, and the goods fhall be fubjed and liable to fuch and the like lations, and conditions, reftridons, forfeitures, and penalties, as are prefcribed, the goods to direded, and impofed, by the faid recited ad in the cafe of goods j?h/comotions imported into this kingdom from Europe, and thereby fubjed to prefcribed by duty according to the value thereof; and that the duties by this the recited ad in>pofed fhall be managed, raifed, levied, colleded, anfwered, ad, See. paid, fecured, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in fuch and

the like manner, and in and by the like ways, means, or methods, as the duties of cuftoms impofed on goods imported into this kingdom from Europe, and which are fubjed to duty according to the value thereof, are by the faid recited ad managed, raifed, levied, colleded, anfwered, paid, fecured, recovered, appropriated, and applied.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That this ad fhall have con- Continuance tinuance during fuch time as the faid recited ad fhall remain in of the ad. force, and no longer.

CAP. LXII.

An aft to amend an aft made in the thirtyfeventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and two afts made in the la ft feffion of par -liament, for raifing a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.—[June 21, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an aft paffed in the thirty-feventh year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad to raife and 37 ^eo* 3* embody a militia force in that p^rt of the kingdom of Great0, io3* Britain, called Scotland, his Majeftfs lieutenant for each county,

Jlewartry, cityy or place, within Scotland, was author fed, in manner

T 2	.	therein

Hosted by Google

276 Anno fegni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 62. [1798.

therein dir eft ed, to caufe fair and true UJis to be made out in writing of all the men vfually and at that time dwelling within their refpeftive parijhes and places, between the ages of nineteen and twenty-three in-cluftve; from zvhicb lifts, amended and returned as by the aforefaid aft direfted, the fevered regiments of militia now ferving Scotland have fuice been ballotted and embodied: and whereas the original lifts are in Jcveral places exhaujled, and in others reduced to fo ftnail a number as to bear hard upon fucb parijhes and places\ and it is expedient and jujl that fuch perj'ons as have fmee attained their nineteenth year Jhould have their names included in the lifts of perfons liable to ferve in the militia; and it has been found from experience that the aforefaid period is too limited; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena<5ted; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-I-tis Majefty's ment affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That his Ma-lieutenant, jefty’s lieutenant for each county, ftewartry, city, or place, toge-with tjoor ther with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death lieutenants/ or removal, or in the abfence of his Majefty’s lieutenant, the &c. to meet deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, fhall, on the on Aug. 1, ^ ftrft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, r^Hibto^e meet at t^le feme borough or principal town of the county, ftew-made out of artry, or place, where they hitherto have ufually-met for the pur-men from 19 poles of the militia and (hall in like manner and form, as to 30 years of diredled by the aforefaid axft, proceed to illue directions for mak-

nam^rfo^be^ OUt ^air anc* true *n wr^n§ °f ah the men ufualiy and putintoabox at*that time dwelling within their refpeChve parffhes and places, in which the from and after the age of nineteen years complete, and not exceeding the age of thirty years complete , and fuch lifts, being afterwards amended as the cafe may require, and in the fame mode and under the/ame regulations as is by the aforefaid a<ft preferibed, the laid lieutenant, or, failing of him, any three or more deputy lieutenants, together, with any one or more juftices of the'peace lawfully af-fembled in a general meeting to be held for that purpofe, fhall declare the laid lift fo made up and amended to be the lift of perfons liable to ferve in the militia, and (hall caufe the names of all the militia men in each parifh, written or printed on dif-tineft pieces of paper, being all as near as may be of equal ftze, and rolled up in the fame manner, to be put into the box or other velTel, in which the names of all perfons at prefent liable to ferve in the militia have been included, there to remain until a frefh ballot Ihall take place in fuch parilh or place, as preferibed and dire&ed by the aforefaid aCf.

II.	And whereas it may fometimes happen, that perfons alledged to be liable, in purfuance of this prefent at7, to Jerve in the militia, but entitled, on account of age or other fpecial ground of exemption, to have their names Jlruck out of the militia lift, may, from ignorance or excufable negleft, fail 10 come forward in due time to fate the fame to’ the fubdivifton meeting appointed for amending and making up fuch lifts, and thereby become liable to ferve in the militia, provide a fub-ignoranc^not J^liute-> or pay the penalty *, be it enacted, That it fhall be lawful for claiming ex- fuch perfons failing or negle&ing as aforefaid, within three calendar

Hosted by Google

names of the perfons at prefent liable to ferve are included, till a frefli ballot ihall take place.

1798-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 62.	277

lendar months from the day on which fuch fubdivifion meeting emption at aforefaid has been held, to (late by petition fuch caufe or ex-emption to a general meeting of lieutenants and juftices of the may within * county, ftewartry, city, or place, who are hereby authorifed and three months, empowered, if they (hall fee caufe, to order the name of fuch apply to a ge-perfon to be ftruck out of the militia lift, and his name to be taken out of the ballot box: provided always, That the faid lieu- ^er°th^fry °r" tenants or juftices, affembled as aforefaid, (hall be empowered, names to be and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, at the fame ftruck out of time that they {hall allow fuch caufe of exemption, to impofe tIie *^ebut and levy from fuch perfon fuch fine as they may judge, upon the whole circumftance of the cafe, adequate to the negled: of the individual, fuch fine in no cafe to exceed the fum of ten pounds fterling; which fum the faid general meeting are hereby authorifed and directed to apply to the purpofe of providing fubftitutes, in like manner as they are direded by this and the other militia acts to apply the penalties of perfons ballotted, but reefing to ferve or provide a fubftirute: provided al fo, That no fuch perfon (hall have his name ftruck out of the faid lift, or taken from the ballot box, until he (hall have paid into the hands of the clerk of the faid meeting the fine awarded againft him.

III.	And whereas it has been found fro?n experience, that the penalty of ten pounds ferling, directed to be paid by perfons ballotted, but refufing to ferve, or to find fubfilutes in their room, has proved in-fufficient to enable the deputy lieutenants to provide fubflitutes for them, and doubts have arifen in that cafe as to the mode of applying and accounting for the faid penalties', be it therefore ena&ed, That the The general faid lieutenant, deputy lieutenants, and juftices, alfembled in a the^r general meeting held in purfuance of this or any other ad or clerk to make ads now in force refpeding the militia, (hall order the clerk of up an account the faid meeting to make up an account of all the penalties in- °* curred within the faid county, ftewartry, city, or place, and fhall ^ou^eto b<f dired the amount of the fame to be forthwith, and as quickly applied in as poftible, applied in providing (fo far as it will go), fubftitutes providing to ferve in the militia; and where the total amount of fuch fubftitutes $ penalties {hall be found inadequate to the purpofe of providing the full number of fubftitutes required, it (hall be lawful for the provide the faid general meeting, and they are hereby authorifed and em- the whole, powered to allot the faid fubftitutes fo provided to the feveral they (hall allot deficient parifhes from which the aforefaid penalties arife, as far ed^n^dhed as poftible, and that either by ballotting which of the faid parifhes a ballot by {hall be relieved by the allotment of the faid fubftitutes, or in the parifhes fuch other mode as {hall appear to the faid general meeting juft they ftiall de-and equitable, and beft calculated for laying the burthen of pro- clare hab.le

•J*	L	*	■	1	r	n-n	\r'	,,	td* the Ckfi-

vidmg the remaining number or men it til deficient as equally as cicllCy. poftible over the faid parifhes, and fhall proceed to order and di-retft a ballot to be held in the fame manner and form as preferred-by the faid a£ts, by fuch parifhes as they (hall declare or appoint to remain ftill liable to make good the deficiencies : provided always, That the commanding officers of the refpedftive Commanding regiments of militia ftiall be, and they are hereby empowered, at utjaregiments the end of every three months from and after the fil'd day of may every

t3	Augitfl

21%

Anno regni tricefimo nono Geo'rgii III. c. 62.

ing deficient men, which fhall be held within ten days.

&*** u^uuiv/uuuvvjiuuftuii x.x. V.. VJ*. [179^*

three months, Augufl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, if neceflary, n^alrorfub- to reclaire^ by written notice fent to the clerk of the general divifion meet- meetings for each county, ftewartry, city* or place, furnifhing ing to be call- militia men to fuch regiment, a general or fubdivifion meeting forfupply- to be called and held, as the cafe may render neceffary, for the purpofe of fupplying the number of men ftill deficient, from fuch county, ftewartry, city, or place, and the faid lieutenant, deputy lieutenants, or jpftices, fhall, and they are hereby required, within ten days after the receipt of fuch notice to hold fuch general or fubdivifion meeting for the purpofe aforefaid, in order that the full number of militia due by fuch county, ftewartry, city, or place, may be furnifned to the faid regiment as fpeedily as pofiible.

IV. And whereas hy the faid aft paffed in the thirty~feve?ith year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, it is enafted, That every, per fori cho-fen by ballot according to the dir eft ions of the Jaid aft (not being one of the people called Quakers) reffing or ncglefting to appear to take the oath and ferve in the militia, or to provide a fubflitute, Jhall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds ferling, and whenever any ballot Jhall take place in the fame parif) or place, be liable to ferve again or provide a fubjlitute^ and in default of payment of fuch penalty, or for want of fujfcieni effefts where-on to levy the famey the name of fuch perfon fliall be entered upon the roll for which he was ballot! edy and he fhall be compelled to ferve in like manner as any other perfon ivho Jhould be then ballotted for would be compellable to fervey and Jhall be fubjeft to the fame punijhments for afterwards abfeonding or defer ting, as he would have been fubjeft to in caje he had appeared and been duly fworn and enrolled as a militia man: be it enafted, That whenever any fuch perfon fhall have his name drawn a fecond time on any ballot, it fhall be in his power in place of ferving perfonally or providing a fubfritute, on payment of a further penalty of five pounds fterling, to have his name ftruck out.of the lift of militia men altogether, and be for ever relieved from ferving in the militia; which further penalty fhall be recovered and applied by the lord lieutenant, deputy lieutenants, and juftices, in like manner as all other penalties are directed to be recovered and applied by the prefent or any other aft of parliament relative to the militia.

V. And whereas it has in fome infiances been the pr a ft ice of the dc-militia men to puty lieutenants, or other perfons authorifed by the lord lieutenant, to attend, to ex- indulge the feveral militia men ballotted to ferve with a longer U,,ve of i^tL^from akfefice t^an 75 }}eCtffary\ be it therefore enafted, That from and the ball ot^nft a^ter ^ Puffing of this aft, no notice ferved upon any militia man ballotted as aforefaid to attend at the time and place fpecified in the faid order, as direfted by the afts now in force relative to the militia, fhall extend beyond fourteen days from the date of fuch ballot; and all militia men failing to attend at fuch time and place fo fpecified, fhall, over and above the other pains and maybefeized penalties already impofed in fuch cafes, forfeit the pay due from as deferters. the day of their being fo ballotted till the day on which they fhall

Quakers drawn a fecond time by ballot, on payment of a further penalty of 5I. may be for ever relieved from ftrving in the militia.

No notices to

all men failing to attend, to forfeit their pay till joining the regiment, and

Clerk of the meeting to fend to the commanding officer the

aftually join the regiment to which they belong, and be liable to be feized and punifhed as deferters: provided alfo, That the clerk of fuch general or fubdivifion meeting, at which fuch men fhall have been ballotted, fhall forthwith tranfmit to the commanding

Hosted by

Google

1798.3	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 62.	279

manding officer of the regiment for which any militia man is names of the

ballotted to ferve, a note of the name of each militia man* the

day on which he has been ballotted* and that on which he has rfrg'iment, &c.

been ordered to attend; and every clerk refufing or wilfully on penalty of

negle&ing to tranfmit fuch notice as aforefaid, (hall be liable to 20b

a penalty of twenty pounds fterling, to be recovered in like

manner as any other penalties are directed to be recovered by

the faid recited a61.

^VI. And be it further enabled, That all allowances for the Allowances to trouble of any fchoolmafter, conftable, clerk, or other officer employed in the execution of the militia a6ts, (hall, befides being othe5rg em. previoufly certified by the fheriff, deputy lieutenants, or lieute- ployed in the nant of the county or ftewartry, as diredted by the acts now in execution of force, be fubmitted to the confederation of the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, who are hereby authorifed and empow- fubmitted to ered to reftridl thefe claims to fuch fums as they (hall think rea- the barons,of fonable, and to grant a warrant for payment thereof out of the exchequer in revenues of land tax, alTefTed taxes, or confolidated duties of Scotland, who cuftoms and excife, or any of them, which they (hall think moft warrant for* proper to apply to this fervice.	payment.

VII.	And be it further enacled, That when any militia man, when any volunteer, or lubftitute, furnifhed and approved by any general militia man or diftridt meeting of lieutenancy, (hail appear to the command- (hall appear ing officer of the regiment in which he is called upon to ferve,

unfit, from infirmity, fize, or other fufficient caufe, to ferve as fice^ of the a militia man, it (hall be lawful for the faid commanding officer, regiment unfit with the approbation in writing of the general or commanding to ferve, he officer of the military diftridfc within which fuch regiment (hall maY> t^e happen to be ftationed, to rejedt or difeharge fuch perfon as tiofit Gf the corn-to carry arms in the militia, and upon tranfmitting notice of the manding offi-difeharge, with a copy of the approbation of the general or com- cep of the dif-manding officer aforefaid, to the deputy lieutenants of the parifh or diftridt from which the faid militia man, volunteer, or fub- ot^gr ^a‘jj 5^ ftitute, (H2H have been furniftied, the deputy lieutenants (hall chofen by forthwith caufe another perfon, able and fit for fervice, to be ballot, chofen by ballot in place of the perfon difcharged as aforefaid.

VIII.	And whereas an aft tuns made in the prefent Jejfion of parliament, intituled, An adl for exempting, during the prefent war, 39 Geo. 3* perfons ferving in volunteer corps and affociations from beingc* 35* ballotted for the militia, under certain conditions: and whereas

it is expedient and necejfary that the faid aft floould extend to all per-Jons ferving in volunteer corps and affociations in that part of Great Britain called Scotland ; be it enabled, That every perfon in- Perfons inroU rolled, or to be inrclled, and ferving in any volunteer corps, or *n volun-any corps or body of men aflaciatcd for the defence of any city, artbci^oBS*** town, or place, and for maintaining publick tranquillity and in Scotland, good order within the fame, whether of infantry or cavalry, in not liable to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which now are, or (hall ^ve or pro* be raifed in purfuance of any a61 or adls of parliament, fhail be titute the exempt from being liable to ferve perfonally in the faid militia, miUtia. or to provide a lubllitute; and that all the powers, regulations,

T 4	condU

z8o

Copy of muf-ter roll of per fans now lerving, to be tranfmitted to the county lieutenant on or before Aug. j, 1799.

Anno regni trieefimo nono Georgii III. c. 63. [i798.

conditions, and reftrifticms in the aforefaid aft contained, (hall extend to all fuch volunteer corps or aflociations in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft: provided always. That the copy of the mufter roll of the perfons now enrolled and ferving in any fuch corps or affociations may and (hall be tranfmitted to the lieutenant of the county on or before the firft day of Augujl one thou^ fand feven hundred and ninety-nine; anything in the faid aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

C A P. LX1IL

An aft for granting to his Majejly certain additional duties on fugar imported anj exported,, and on coffee exported; andfor reducing the drawbacks now allowed on the exportation of fugar. — [July i,

1799O

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TTTE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the com-VV mons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral additional duties of cuftoms hereinafter mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament The follow- aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That there (hall be ^uties^ofeuf^ ra*^ec^ levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his toms to be * Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, overand above the duties now paid on fugar. payable by law, the following additional duties of cuftoms, to be paid in ready money, without any difeount or abatement whatever ; that is to fay,

Duties.	For	every	hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve

pounds, of brown and Mufcovado fugar of the Britijh plantation?, which fhall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which {hall have been fo imported, after the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, the lum of eight-pence; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity :

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of brown and Mufcovado fugar, which fhall. be fold at the Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, after the twenty-fourth day of June one t'hou-fand feven hundred and ninety-nine, the furn of eight-pence; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity:

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of white or clayed fugar of the Britijh plantations, which {hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which {hall

have

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 63.	281

have been fo imported, after the twenty-fourth day of 'June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, the fum of four fhil-lings 1 and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity:

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of fugar not of the Britijh plantations, which fhall have been or fhall be imported into Great Britain, and warehoufed according to law, upon the delivery thereof, after the twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, out of or from the warehoufe or warehoufes in which the fame (hall have been depofited for exportation from Great Britain, the fum of two (hillings and fixpence3 and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity:

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of fugar, which fhall have been or fhall be imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and warehoufed according to law, and -" fold at the fales of the faid company, after the twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and.ninety-nine, upon the delivery thereof out of or from the warehoufe or warehoufes in which the fame fhall have been depofited for exportation from Great Britain, the fum of Ax (hillings and fixpence 3 and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity :

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of coffee, which fhall have been or fhall be imported into Great Britain, and warehoufed according to law, upon the delivery thereof, after the twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, (out of or from the warehoufe or warehoufes in which the fame fhall have been depoAted) for exportation from Great Britain^ the fum of four (hillings 3 and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

II.	And be it further enadled, That the feveral duties hereby duties on fu-granted on fugar imported by the united company of merchants

o {England trading to the Eajl Indies, fhall be levied, collected, India com-and paid, notwithftanding any proviiion or any matter or thing pany to be contained- in an a£t, patted in this- prefent fettion of parliament, paid notwith* for permitting goods imported by the laid company to be ware-houfed.	,	c?59.

III.	And whereas it is expedient, under the prefent circumjlances, that the drawbacks and bounties now payable by law on the exportation

of fugar fiould be reduced 3 be it therefore further enacted,That, From certain from and after the twentieth day of June one thoufand feven draw hundred and ninety-nine, of the drawbacks now allowed by law backs on ex^ to the exporter or exporters, on the exportation from Great portaticn of Britain of any fugar in the fame (late in which it was imported fugar to ceafe,. from foreign parts, two (hillings- and fixpence for each and.every hundred weight of fuch fugar, fhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: that, from and after the twenty-fourth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine of the drawbacks or bounties now allowed by law to the exporter or exporters^ on the exportation from Great Britain of any refined

fpgar

Hosted by Google

282

Drawback on fugar exported to Ireland in the ftate imported into Great Britain not to be reduced.

Duties to be under the management of the com-nrifiioners of cultoms.

Duties to be managed, as the duties of cuftoms impeded by any aCt prior to the paiTing this aft.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii 1IL c. 63. [1798,

fugar called Bajfards, or any ground or powdered fugar, or refined loaf fugar, broken in pieces, or fugar called Candy, two (hillings and fixpence for each and every hundred weight of fuch fugar, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: and that, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, the drawbacks or bounties now allowed by law to the exporter or exporters, on the exportation from Great Britain of any 6ther refined fugar, four (hillings for each and every hundred weight of fuch fugar, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: provided } always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be con-ftrued to extend, to reduce the drawback now allowed by law on fugar exported to Ireland, in the fame ftate in which it was imported into Great Britain from foreign parts.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That fuch of the duties by this aft impofed, as (hall arife in that part of Great Britain called England, (hall be under the management of the commiftioners of the cuftoms in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the management of the commiftioners of the cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

V.	And be it further enafted, That the duties hereby impofed (hall and may be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, fecured, and recovered, in fuch and the like manner, and in and by any and either of the ways, means, or methods, by which any of the duties of cuftoms on goods, wares, or merchandize, impofed and payable by an aft, palled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or by any other aft or afts of parliament in force on or immediately before the pafting of this aft, were or might be managed, ascertained, railed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, fccured, and recovered ; and the goods, wares, and merchandize, fo by this aft made chargeable with the faid duties, (hall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, to which any goods, wares, or merchandize, upon which any duties of cuftoms are impofed and payable, were fubjeft and liable by any aft or afts of parliament in force on or immediately before the pafting of this aft; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever, committed againlt or in breach of.-any aft or afts of parliament in force on or immediately before the paffing of this aft, made for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, powers, and directions, therein contained, (hall and are hereby directed and declared ro extend to, and (hall be refpeftively applied, praftifed, and put in execution, for and in refpeft of the duties hereby charged, as far as the fame are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid afts, claufes, provifions, powers, directions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

VI.	And

Hosted by Google

1798*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 63.	283

VI.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the pafll Appropria-ing of this adf, out of the monies arifing from the rates ancltlon duties, duties upon fugar imported into Great Britain, the fum of eighteen thoufand five hundred pounds, being the fourth part of the

fum of feventy-four thoufand pounds, the average amount for the laft three years of the drawbacks and bounties on fugar exported hereby repealed, (hall quarterly, on the tenth day of Oftober, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils and the fifth day of July in every year during the period of ten years, be fet apart from the monies arifing from the rates and duties upon fugar imported into Great Britain; and the faid fum of feventy-four thoufand pounds, together with the duties hereby granted on fugar imported or delivered from the warehoufe, and on coffee exported, (hall, during the faid period of ten years, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Weftminfter, diftindfly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and (hall be carried to, and made part of, the.confolidated fund; and the faid fum of feventy-four thoufand pounds, together with the faid duties, or fo much thereof as fhall be fufficient, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpofe of defraying the encreafed charge occafioned by any loan to be made by virtue of any a& or adfs to be paffed in this feffion of parliament ; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books in which the faid fum of feventy-four thoufand pounds, and the faid duties hereby granted, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates or duties granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpofe of defraying fuch increafed charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefiy, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

VII.	And whereas an aft was pajfed in the thirty-fee ond year of

the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled., An act for regulating the 32 Geo. 3.

allowance of the drawback, and payment of the bounty, on the c. 43. anda&s

exportation of fugar; and for permitting the importation of fugar

and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda iflands, in foreign Chips; *	9

amongJl other things for regulating the allowance of the drawback,

and payment of the bounty on the exportation of fugar: and whereas

other afts were paffed in the thirty-fifth, thirty-Jixih, and thirty-

eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, for amending the faid

afty which laft mentioned afts have been continued till the end of the

prefent fefjion of parliament: and whereas it is expedient to repeal fo

much of the faid fir ft recited aft, as relates to the ajeertaining the

average price of fugar, and of regulating the drawback and bounty on and f0 much

the exportation of fugar by fuch average, be it further enabled, of the firft

That, from and after the palling of this a£I, the faid firft recited a<^> as relates

a£t, fo far as the fame relates to the afeertaining the average

price of fugar in the manner therein mentioned, or of regulating average price

the allowance of drawback, or the pavment of bounty on the of fugar, or

exportation of fugar from this kingdom, fhall be, and the fame regulating the

is hereby repealed.

VIII.	Pro-1 Pea ed*

Hosted by Google

284 Annoregni tricefimo nono Georgii III. 0/64,65. [1798. The bounty VIII. Provided always, and be it enabled, That the bounty tiotf of^ftned Paya^e on exportation of all refined fugar produced from Mufcovado Mufcovado fugar of the Britifth plantations in America, (hall be fugar to be	paid and allowed on all fugar which fhall be fhipped or laden on

paid on all	board any {hip or (hips, or waterborn, with intent to be (hipped

wat^rbor^to or *ac*en on b°arc* any or fhips *n Great Britain, between be fhipt, be- ^ day Pa(hng this a£t, and the twenty-fourth day of July tween palling one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, this adt, and

July 24,1799.	CAP.	LXIV.

An a<ft for granting to his Majefty the fum of two hundred thoufand pounds* to be iflued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the comnulfioners for the reduction of the national debt.—**[July i, 1799.]

CAP. LXV.

An aft for allowing, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thou-fand eight hundred and five, a further bounty upon pilchards exported ; and for amending an aft made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for transferring the management of the fait duties to the commijfmers of excife.—[July 1, 1799.]

Preamble.

31 Geo. 3* c. 45.

37 Geo. 4. c. 94.

38 Geo, 3 c. 89.

WHEREAS by an alt, ?nade in the thirty-firfi year of his prefent Majejly*s reign, for the encouragement of the pilchard fifth cry, an additional bounty of one ftjrilling and fixpence was allowed for every caftk or veffel of pilchards, containing fifty gallons, which fthould be exported between the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight; which bounty was further continued by an other aft, of the thirty feventh year of his prefent Majefty* s reign, for the further term offeven years, from the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred. and ninety-eight : and whereas in the aft made in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefy*s reign, for transferring the management of the fait duties to the commiftfioners of excife, and for repealing the duties on fait, and the drawbacks, allovoances, and bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other duties, drawbacks, allowances, and bounties thereon, provifon was not ?nade for the faid bounty of one ftbilling and fixpence \ and it is expedient to grant fuch additional bounty as is herein-after ?nentioned: may it therefore pieafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament For every calk aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That for every containing o ca3^ or ve^ pilchards, containing fifty gallons, which has gallons, ex- been duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the feas, ported from fince the tenth day of Oftober one thoufand feven hundred and Great Britain, ninety-eight, or which (hall hereafter be fo exported, until and bom October UpQn t^e twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred June 24,1805, an(l and for 2nd in refpeft whereof the perfon or perfons and entitled 1	exporting

Hosted by DOgle

1798.] Anno regni tricefinio nono Georgii III. c. 65.	2S5

exporting the fame {hall be entitled to the bounty of feven (hil- to the bounty lings, under or by virtue of the faid ad of the thirty-eighth year 7s- anad* of his prefent Majefty’s reign, an additional bounty of one (hil- bounty of ling and fixpence (hall be paid and payable to fuch perfon and I8. 6d. perfons fo entitled to the faid bounty of feven (hillings, at fuch times, in fuch manner, by fuch perfon and perfons, and out of fuch monies, as the faid bounty of feven (hillings is by the faid laft-mentioned ad direded to be paid.

II.	And whereas it may fometimes he convenient that pilchards Jhould be Jhipped and exported dir eft ly to the Britifli Weft India ijlands and the Mediterranean in cajks of thirty-two gallons; and it is expedient to allow a bounty in due proportion. to the prefent bounties, on fuch pilchards fo exported, for all fuch pilchards fo flipped and exported;

be it therefore enaded, That for all pilchards which (hall be P°r pilchards duly (hipped and exported diredly to any of the Britijh Wejl	the

India iftands, or to any port or place in the Mediterranean, in Britifli Weft cafks of thirty-two gallons or upwards, there (hall be allowed a Indies, or the bounty in due proportion to the feveral bounties now payable, Mediterrane-and which by this ad may become payable, for or in refped of	2^1 ions

pilchards exported from Great Britain, in cafks containing fifty 0r upwards, a gallons ; any thing in this or any other ad or ads of parliament bounty to be to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding : provided always, paid in pro-That no fuch bounty (hall be paid or allowed, unlefs all and fhofe°export* fingular the rules, regulations, reftridions, *and provifions, by ecj jn cafks any former law eftablifhed, for or in refped of fifti-exported in containing 50 order to obtain the bounty, fhall have been fully complied with, gallons;

III.	And whereas it has been a praftice to export pilchards, in fome inflames, in cajks commonly called Pilchard Hogflieads, containing lefs than fifty gallons; and it might be inconvenient^ in fuch cafes, to withhold the bounty in proportion to the quantity of fijh which has been exported, or which may be exported before the firji day of June

one .thoufand eight hundred; be it therefore enaded, That for all as aifo for ah pilchards which, fince the faid tenth day of Oftober one thoufand PQ^t^j*^e5ii (even hundred and ninety-eight, have been duly exported from chard hogi- " Great Britain to parts beyond the Teas, in calks commonly called heads, from Pilchard Hogjheads, or which, at any time on or before the firfi: Oftober 10, day of June one thoufand eight hundred, fhall be fo exported in	^une

fuch cafks, a bounty (hall be allowed in proportion to the * feveral bounties now payable, or which by this ad may become payable, for or in refped of pilchards exported from Great Bri~ tain, in cafks containing fifty gallons; any thing in this ad or any other ad or ads of parliament to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

IV.	And whereas it has been the praftice to allow pilchards and \ other fifh to be exported upon bounty from ports and places not being lawful quays, and it is expedient to continue fuch praftice, be it therefore enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for The commit-the commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, to allow ^emiyallow pilchards and other fifh to be exported, for the purpole of ob- fifh to be ex~ tabling the bounty, from fuch convenient port or place as they ported from

(had anyplace.

Hosted by (jjOO^Ic

38 Geo. 3. c. 89. f, 68,

When the wareboufe from which fait is to be delivered for curing fifh is diftant from the port of Ihipping, and is intended to be carried down any river thereto, bond,as herein fpecified, to be given inftead of the fecurity directed by 38 Geo. 3. c. 89.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 65. [1798. {hall deem proper ; any thing in this or any other aft or afts of parliament to the contrary in any wife nojwithftanding,

V.	And whereas hy the /aid adi of the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majeflfs reign, it was enabled. That before any fuch fait as is in that behalf in the faid aft mentioned Jhoidd be delivered free of duty, for the purpofe of curing or preferving fifh, the maker or makers, or refiner or refiners thereof or proprietor or proprietors of the fait work from whence the fa?ne was to be fo delivered, or the merchant or merchants for whofe account or cn whofe order the fame fhould be delivered, Jhould give fujficient bond or fecurity as is in the faid a£t was in that behalf dire fed that all fuch fait and every part thereof Jhould (the danger of enemies only excepted) be duly delivered into the cuflody and poffejfion of the fifh curer or fifh curers for or to zvho?n the fame was to be configned or fent; and that no part of fuch Jalt fhould, before the fame fhotdd be fo delivered into the cuflody or pojfeffion of fuch fifi.; curer or fifh curers as aforefaid, he fold or delivered for home trade or confumption, or otherwife fraudulently clifpofed of in Great Britain : and whereas the fait works at which fait is made, and the entered warehoufes or Jlorehoufes or lofts in that behalf mentioned in .the faid aft, and from vihich fuch fait is by the faid afl authorifed to be delivered to be ufed and employed for the purpofe of curing or preferving fifh, are fometimes ftuated at a diflance from the fea coafl and from the port at ivkich fuch fait delivered from fuch fait works is intended to be fhipped and put on board the Jhips or veffels in which the fame is intended to be carried and removed coaftwife for delivery to or for the fifh curers to or for whom the fame is to be configned or fent, and fuch fait is commonly carried and conveyed from fuch fait works in flats, barges, boats, or veffels, down rivers to fuch port, and it is therefore expedient that in any fuch cafe in lieu and inftead of fuch bond or fecurity as is above mentioned, fuch bonds or fecurities Jhall be given as are herein-after in that behalf directed, be it therefore enafted, That when and fo often as any maker of fait, or refiner of rock fair, or proprietor of any fait work, {hall have occafion to deliver any fait from his or her entered wareboufe, florehoufe, or loft, at his or her fait works, to be ufed and employed in curing and preferving fifh, and fuch wareboufe, ftorehoufe, or lofr, fliall be fituate at a distance from the fea coaft and from the port at which fuch fait is intended to be fhipped or put on board any {hip or veflel, to be therein carried or removed coaflwife for delivery to the fifh curers for or to whom the fame is to be configned, or fent, and fuch fait is intended to be carried or conveyed in any fiat, barge,, boat, or veflel, from fuch fait works, or from any fuch ware-houfe, ftorehoufe, or loft, down any river to any fuch port, then and in every fuch cafe, in lieu and inftead of fuch bond or fecurity as was in the faid a£l dire&ed, the makers or refiners thereof, or proprietors of the fait works from whence the fame is to be fo delivered, or the merchants for whofe account or on whofe order the fame {hall be delivered, fliall give fufflcient bond or fecurity, to be approved of by the commiflioners of excife, or the

perfon

Hosted by

Google

1798.] Anno regni tncefimo nono Georgii 111, c. 65.	287

perfon or perfons who (hall be appointed or employed by them for that purpofe, in treble the amount of the duty of the fait fo intended to be delivered for the purpofe of curing or preferving fifh, (in which bond or fecurity the mailer or owner of the flat, barge, boat, or veffel, in which the fait is to be fo carried or conveyed (hall join), that all fuch fait, and every part thereof, fhall with all due diligence and difpatch be duly carried and conveyed in fuch flat, barge, boat, or veffel to fuch port at which the fame is fo intended to be {hipped for the purpofe aforefaid ; and that all fuch fait fhall,- immediately on the arrival at fuch port, be laden and put on board the (hip or veflfel in which the fame is to be carried and removed coaftwife for delivery to the fifh curer or fifh curers for or to whom the fame is to be configned or fent, and that no part of fuch fait fhall, before the fame fhall be fo laden and put on board the {hip or veflel in which the fame is to be fo carried and removed coaftwife for fuch delivery as aforefaid, be fold or delivered for home trade or confumption, or otherwife fraudulently difpofed of in Great Britain; and alfo, that, immediately on the arrival of fuch flat, barge, boat, or veffel at fuch port* fuch bond or fecurity fhall be given as is herein-after mentioned.

VI,	And be it further enadted. That every fuch bond or ^ovv ^ucl1 fecurity for fuch due carriage and conveyance of fuch fait to the	eci	°C

port at which the fame fhall be intended to be fhipped as afore-faid^nd for the other matters herein-before directed to be con^ tained in fuch bond or fecurity, (hall be cancelled and difcharged, upon the maker or makers, or refiner or refiners of the fait, or proprietor or proprietors of the fait works from whence the fait was fo delivered, or the merchant or merchants on whole account or to whofe order fuch fait (hall be fo delivered as aforefaid, producing to and leaving with the proper officer of excite a certificate, under the hand of fuch other officer of excife as fhall be authorifed or employed to give and grant the fame, tef-tifying that all and every part of the fait mentioned in fuch bond or fecurity has been, with all due diligence and difpatch, duly carried and conveyed in fuch flat, barge, or veffel as aforefaid, to fuch port as aforefaid, and that the fame was immediately, on the arrival at fuch port, laden and put on board the fhip or veffel in which the fame was to be carried and removed coaftwife, for delivery to the fifh curer or fiih curers for or to whom the fame was configned or fent, and that fuch bond or fecurity has been given as is herein-after directed, for the due delivery of fuch fait into the cuftody and poileffion of the fifh curer, and the other matters directed to be contained in fuch bond: provided always, That fuch certificate fhall be produced to and left with fuch proper officer of excife within one month next after the day on which fuch fait fhall have been delivered out of the warehoufe or ftorehoufe, or warehoufes or ftorehoufes belonging to fuch maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, as aforefaid.

VII. Ana

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 65. [1798.

VII. And be it further enacted, That immediately upon the arrival of any fuch fiat, barge, boat or vefTel, at the port at which fuch fait is intended to be (hipped, or put on board any (hip or vefTel, to be therein carried or removed coaftwife, for delivery to the fifh curer or fifh curers for or to whom the fame is to be configned or fent, the merchant or merchants, on whofe account or to whofe order the fame (hall be delivered, fhall give fuflicient bond or fecurity, to be approved of by the commiffioners of ex-ihall not be cife, or the perfon or perfons who (hall be appointed or employed

288

On the arrival of a vefTel at the port where l'alt is to be (hipped to be fent coaftwife to the ftfli curer, !bond to be given. that it

otherwife dif-pofed of.

by thqm for that purpofe, in treble the amount of the duty of the fait fo intended to be delivered for the purpofe of curing or preferving fifh, (in which bond or fecurity the matter or owner of the (hip or vefTel in which the fait is to be carried or conveyed (hall join), that all fuch fait, and every part thereof, fhall (the danger of enemies only excepted) be duly delivered into the cuftody and poffeffion of the fifh curer or fifh curers for or to whom the fame is to be configned or fent, and that no part of fuch fait fhall, before the fame fhall be delivered into the cuftody or poffefTion of fuch fifh curer or fifh curers as aforefaid, be fold or delivered for home trade or confumption, or otherwife fraudulently difpofed of in Great Britain.

How fuch VIII. And be it further enactted, That every fuch bond or fe-

bouds fhall be curity herein-before directed to be given for the due delivery of difcharged.	J	... .	.	.	*2- -	-	-	-	- - J

any fuch fait into the cuftody and poffeffion of any fuch fifh curer or fifh curers, and for the other matters herein-before directed to be contained in fuch bond, fhall be cancelled and difcharged, upon the merchant or merchants, on whofe account or to whofe order a/ty fuch fait fhall have been fo delivered as aforefaid, producing to and leaving with the proper officer of excife a certificate, under the hand of fuch other officer of excife as fhall be autborifed to give and grant the fame, teftifying that all and every part of the fait mentioned in fuch bond or fecurity has been duly delivered into the cuftody or poffeffion of the fifh curer or fifh curers for whom the fame was intended, or to whom the fame was configned or fent, and that bond or fecurity has been given by or on the part of fuch fifh curer or fifh curers, that all fuch fait fent or configned to him, her, or them, and delivered into his, her, or their cuftody, fhall be ufed and employed in curing and preferving fifh : provided always, That fuch laft mentioned certificate fhall be produced to and left with fuch proper officer of excife; within three months next after the day on which fuch fait fhall have been fo (hipped or put on board the {hip or vefTel in which the fame is to be carried or removed coaftwife, for fuch delivery to the fifh curer or fifh curers as aforefaid.

IX.	And whereas, under and by virtue of the faid aft made in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majeflfs reign, foreign fait may be imported into Great Britain, and put into import warehoufcs, fore-houfes, or cellars, under y fubjeft^ and according to fuch conditions> 'rulesy and regulations, as are in the faid aft in that behalf provided: and

ivhereas

'Hosted by Google

289

1798.].Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 65.

whereas it is expedient to allow any fucb foreign fait to he taken from and out of any fuch warehoufe, florehoufe, or cellar, at the ports of Poole, Dartmouth, Falmouth, and Glafgow, to be exported to Newfoundland,/^ the purpofe berein-after mentioned; be it therefore enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful to or for any per- Within 12 fon or perfons, within twelve months after the importation and months after landing thereof, to take, free of duty, for the purpofe of im- ^rehQut^ed, mediately exporting the fame, in any fhip or vefTel not of lefs foreign fait burthen than forty tons, to Newfoundland, for curing cod fifh, may be taken ling, or hake, to be there caught, any quantity exceeding fifty out,duty free, bufhels at a time, of foreign fait, from and out of any import	ex

warehoufe, florehoufe, or cellar, at either of the ports of Poole, p0rtation to ~ Dartmouth, Falmouth, or Glafgow, in which the fame has been Newfound-put according to the regulations of the faid adt, upon the perfon lan<b in vefTels

or perfons fo taking out any fuch fait firfl giving the like bond of not lels r •	• . &	.	,	r * i ^	1	i ' than 40 tons,

or fecurity as is in or by the faid act required and directed to be ancj jn qUan_

taken, for or in refpedl of fait delivered free of duty for immedi- tity exceeding ate exportation ; fave and except that every fuch bond, or fecu- 5°bufhels, on rity, fo to be taken in purfuance of this adt, (hall be in treble the amount of the duty by that adt impofed for or in Vefpedt of 3g Ge imported fait, not being of the produdt or manufadture of Great c. 89,' Sic* Britain; and the giving or entering into fuch bond or fecurity, together with the exportation of fuch fait to Newfoundland as aforefaid, {hall vacate the former bond or fecurity which fhail have been given for payment of the duties with which fuch foreign fait was charged, or to which the fame was liable, fo far as fuch lafl mentioned bond or fecurity relates to fuch duty for or in refpedl of the quantity of fait fo taken out *of fuch warehoufe, florehoufe, or cellar, and exported to Newfoundland as aforefaid : provided always, That fuch lafl mentioned bond {hall be and remain in full force and effedt as to all the fait fpe-cified therein, or to which the fame fhail relate, except the particular quantity or quantities thereof fo taken out and exported to Newfoundland as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further enadted That no fuch bond or fecurity, Bonds for fait

fo to be given or taken for fait, to be ufed and employed in J/rcuring-curing and preferving fifh as aforefaid, nor any certificate to be tilicatefreht-made out in relation to any fuch fait-, fhail be fubjedt or liable to jnn thereto, any {lamp duty; any thing in any adt or adts of parliament to notfubjeCtto the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.	ftamp duty.

XI.	And whereas there are Jlill depending, and unexpended, divers quantities of J'alt which were taken free of duty, for the curing of fijh, under and fubjeli to the rules, regulations, reflrillions, and pro-vifons, contained in the feveral alls of parliament in that behalf in force immediately before the commencement of an all made in the thirty-eighth year oj his prefent Majeflys reign, among other things, for transferring the management jof the fait duties to the commijf oners

of excife\ and it is expedient to make fucb provifions for or in refpelt thereof as are herein-after in that behalf direfled: be it therefore enadted* That all and fingular the rules, regulations, reflrictions, Geo. 3. and provifions, which are contained or provided in or by the tend to*fait*'

Vol* XLII.	U	laid	taken, duty

'	Hosted	by	jofcgle

*9° Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii IIL c. 6^. [1798.

irec, for-cur- faid a& of the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, thereto as fa? ^or or *n refae(^	delivered	under	or by virtue of that a£t,

as applicable, for curing and preferving fifh, and all and fingular the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which are by the faid acft impofed on any fifh curer, or any other p’erfon or perfons whom foe ver, for any breach of or difobedience to any or either of the faid rules, regulations, reftridUons, or proviftons, (hall be applied to and pradfifed, and put in execution, for and in refpedl of all fuch fait fo depending and unexpended, fo far as the faid rules, regulations, reftridtions, provifions, fines, penalties, or forfeitures re-fpedlively can or may be fo applied, pradtifed, and put in execution ; any thing in any add or adds of parliament contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XII.	And whereas it may fometimes happen that Jhips or vejjels going coafewife laden with fait or rock fait may be taken by the eneiny;

For fait or be it therefore enadled, That in cafe any fait or rock fait, whiVhdti/°f ^or w^c'n duties impofed by the faid ad! of the thirty-eighth has been paid, Year °f his prefent Majefty, {hall have been duly paid or fecured captured with to be paid, fhall together with the fhip or veftel in which fuch the veffel re- fait or rock fait fhall be removing or tranfporting from one part moving it	i0	another,	be	loft	by capture of enemies, it

^me'reHef toC anc* may be lawful either for his Majefty’s juftices of the be given as peace of the county, riding, divifion, or (hire, at the quarter fef-lor hit loft ftens of the peace neareft to which the owner, proprietor, or

^^we^ther6^ ^*PPer	^ or roc^ ^ re^e<» or for commif-

ut wta 1 r. floaers 0f excife at the chief office of excife in London, or any

three of the faid commiffioners, (in like manner as is authorifed or diredded by the faid ad!, made in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for or in refped! of fuch fait or rock fait, as is in the faid add in that behalf mentioned, loft or deftroyed through ftrefs of weather, or ftorms at fea, or by the unavoidable calling away,-finking, or ftranding, of the flat, boat, barge, or veffel, in or on board of which fuch fait or rock fait was removing or tranfporting from one place to another), to grant the like relief, as in and by the faid add is authorifed, directed, or required, for or in refpedl of any fuch fait or rock fait which fhall be fo loft by capture of enemies, as is in and by the faid act authorifed or required, for or in refpedd of fait or rock fait loft or deftroyed through ftrefs of weather, or ftorms at fea, or by the unavoidable calling away, finking, or ftranding, of the fiat, boat, barge, or veffel, in or on board of which the fame was fo removing or tranfporting from one place to another.

XIII.	And whereas by the faid aft made in the thirty-eighth year f 3‘ °f bis prefent Majefty s reign, it is enafted, That out of the monies tfv.c au e ijX. arying from fjye duties on 'fait thereby granted, the fum of one hun-

recited, and repealed.

dred and one thoufand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, being one fourth part of the fum of four hundred and fix thoufand two hundred and twenty pounds, the annual average produce for fix years, ending the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, of the faid duties on jalt, Jhould quarterly, on the days therein mentioned, in every year, during the period of ten year s} be Jet apart from the remainder

Hosted by

Google

1^98.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 65.	291

mainder of the fald raters and duties; and that the faid remainder of the faid duties fhould, during the faid period of ten years, be paid into the receipt of his Majefy’s exchequer, difinftly and apart from all ether branches of the publick revenue; and that the faid remainder of the faid rates and duties, fo paid into the faid receipt, or fo ?nuch thereof as fhould be fuffeient, fhould he deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpofe in the faid aft .mentioned: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the faid recited claufe, and in lieu ami Jlead thereof to < make fuch provifion as is in that behalf herein-after directed, be it therefore enaded, That the faid recited claufe fhall Application be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that quarterly, on the °fduties, fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July\ and the tenth day of October, in every year, the fum of eight thou-land pounds, being one fourth part of the fum of thirty-two thoufand pounds, the annual average produce upon an account taken for three years, ending the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninetyTour, of the monies paid on account of allowances for wafte, and of the difference between the discount heretofore allowed, by reafon of the length of time given for payment of the duties, and that which was provided by an ad made in the thirty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for determining the prefent alloivances for wajle on fait carr'ied c oaf wife; and for reducing the refpeftive times of pay-merit of the duties on fait, ihall, for and during the refidue of the faid term of ten years, mentioned in the faid laft recited ad, be fet apart out of the monies arifing from the duties on lalt, granted by the faid ad of the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and fhall be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diftindly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue 5 and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid remainder of the faid period, a book or books, in which fuch quarterly fums {hall, together with the monies arifing from any other duties, granted ' by an ad of the thirty-lixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for the purpofe of defraying fuch increafed charge as is mentioned in the faid ad of the thirty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, on any account whatever; and that the further fum of ninety-three thoufand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, being the remainder of the firft mentioned fum of one hundred and one thoufand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, fhall, for and during the faid remainder of the faid laft mentioned period of time, likewife quarterly, on the before mentioned days in every fuch year, be fet apart from the duties on fait granted by the faid ad of the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and paid diftinctly and feparately into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer; and that from the conclufion of the faid period of time, until the expiration of tea years, from the tenth day of Oftotyer one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, the full fum of one hundred and one thoufand * y

u 2	five

Hosted by GoOglC

192 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 66, 67. [1798.

five hundred and fifty-five pounds (hall, in like manner, be fet apart from the faid duties granted by the faid lad mentioned aft, and paid diftindly and feparately into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer ; and that, after fetting apart fuch quarterly fum or Turns as aforefaid, the remainder of the rates and duties on fait granted by the faid lad mentioned ad, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpofe of defraying the encreafed charge occasioned by any loan made or dock created, by virtue of any ad pafled in the laft feflion of parliament; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office ot the auditor of the faid receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, during the period of ten years, from the tenth day of Oflober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety^ eight, a book or books, in which the faid remainder of the monies arifing from the faid duties granted by the faid ad of the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other duties, granted in the faid laft feffion of parliament, for the purpofe of defraying fuch encreafed charge as aforefaid, be entered leparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon any account whatever.

Frovifions of XfV. And be it further enadted, That all the provifions, rules, acts in force regulations, claufes, matters, and things, which, in or by the relating to the	ma(je

in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s duties on lalt -	.	,	A a n	n	c	1*	f

to extend to reiSn^ or in or by anY ot“er ad or ads of parliament therein

this ad, as mentioned or referred unto relating to the duties upon fait, and far as appH- in force immediately before the palling of this acft, are contained, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, for the purpofes of the faid ad or ads, (fave and except in fuch cafes for which other provifions are made by this ad, and fave and except fo far as any fuch ad or ads, or any of the provifions, rules, or regulations, claufes, matters, or things, therein contained, are repealed, revoked, altered, or controlled, by this prefent ad:, or repugnant to any of the provifions herein contained), fhall be and continue in full force, and be duly obferved, pradifed, applied, and put in execution throughout Great Brita\n, \w and for the purpofes of this ad, fo far as the fame are applicable thereunto refpedively, as fully and effedually to all intents and purpofes as if all and every the faid provifions, rules, regulations, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this prefent ad.	'

CAP. LXVL

An ad for placing the falaries of the fherifF deputes and fubftitutes of Scotland, upon the Scots civil lift eftablilhment.—[July i, 1799.]

CAP. LXVII.

An ad to enable fuch perfon as his Majefty (hall pleafe to appoint to the vacant office of a baron of the exchequer, to take upon himfelf the de-’ gree of a ferjeant at law.—[July x, 1799.]

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 68—71. CAP. LXVIII.

An adt for enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of three millions, for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned.—[July 12, 1799.]

His Majefty may empower the treafury to caufe loans to be received, or exchequer bills to be made out for 3,000,000b anytime before Jan. 5, 1800, agreeable to 39 Geo. 3. c. 2. Powers of 39 Geo. 3. c. 2. to extend to this adt. Loans or exchequer bills chargeable on the firft aids granted next feftion, and if not granted before July 5, 1800, to be paid out of the con-folidated fund. Monies Blued from the confolidated fund to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England may advance money on the credit of this adt ; notwithftanding the adt 5 and 6 Gul. & Mariae, or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. LXIX.

An adt for raifing the fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine.—[July ia, 1799-]

Commiftioners of the treafury may raife 3,500,000!. by loans and exchequer bills, before Dec. 1, 1799; like manner as is prefcribed by the malt adt of this feftion concerning loans, &c. The claufes, &c. in the faid adt relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this adt. Exchequer Bills fo ifiued not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before Jan. 5. 1800. Adtion not to lie for fuch refufal. Principal and intereft, with charges, to be repaid out the firft fupplies to be granted in the next fefTion, and if not fo-paid before April 5, 1800, to be charged on the confolidated fund. Monies fo ifiued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England au-thorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this adt, notwithftanding the adt 5 and 6 Gul. & Marise, or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. LXX.

An adt for raifing the fum of three millions, by lor'ns or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine. —[July 12, 1799* ]

Commififioners of the treafury may raife 3,000,000b by loans and exchequer bills, before Odt. 10, 1799, in like manner as is prefcribed by the malt adt of tins feilion concerning loans, 6cc. The claufes, &c. in the faid adt relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this adt. Exchequer bills fo ifiued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 5, 1800. Adtion not to lie for fuch r&fufal. Principal ; nd intereft, with charges, to be repaid out of the firft fupplies granted next leftion. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this adt, notwithftanding the adt 5 and 6 Gub Sc Marias, or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. LXXL

An adt to enable the lords commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury to iflue exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of fuch monies as fhall arife by virtue of an adt of this feilion, for granting certain duties on income.—[July i%. 1799.]

Commiftioners of the treafury may after July 5, 1799, iffue exchequer bills to the amount of 3,000,000b payable out of the duties ariiing by adt 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. Three months after the date of fuch bills, in like fanner as is prefcribed by the malt adt of this feftion concerning exche-

tj 3	quer

Hosted by Google

294 Anno regni tricefimo nono Geo^igii III. c. 72.	[1739.

quer bills. Exchequer bills not to be taken by any collector or receiver of the revenue, &c. before they become payable. The claufes, See. in the malt a£t relating to exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this a<5h Exchequer bills to bear an intereft not exceeding three pence halfpenny per cent per diem; and fuch of them as fhall not be paid out of the duties aforefaid fhall be received at the exchequer as calh three months after the date thereof Bank of England may advance 3,ooo,oool. on the credit of this ad, notwithftanding the ad 5 and 6 Gul. & Marias, or 38 Geo. 3. c. x»

CAP/ LXXII.

An aft to amend an aft made in this prefent feJJion of parliament, intituled, An ad to repeal the duties impofed by an ad, made in the laft feflion of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war; and to make more effectual provifion for the like purpofe, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties, fo far as relates to the affeffments made upon trufees, agents, receivers, and guardians. —[July 12, 1799.]

Preamble. "V IT HERE AS by an aft, made in the prefent feffion, intituled> 39 Geo. 3. V V An ad to repeal the duties impofed by an ad, made in c. 13, recited. the ]aft fcfr10n of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war; and to make more effectual provifion for the like purpofe, bv granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties, certain contributions are made payable, in refpeft of the incomes of certain perfons, bodies politick and corporate, therein deferibed; and provifions are made for the offeffment of juch contributions on perfons afting as trufees, agents, receiverj, guardians, tutors, curators, committees, and others, in the aftual receipt of income of perfons, bodies politick and corporate, for who i7i they fhall aft as aforefaid; and according to fuch provifions two or more perfons may be refpeftively ajpffed for the whole of the contribution payable in refpeft of fuch income, whereby more than one fuch contribution may be affeffed for Juch income, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft : be it enaded by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Where two or ^P*r^tua^ an(f temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament more truftees, aifembled, and by the authority of the fame, That where two or &c. are liable more perfons (hall be liable to be aflefled for the fame income, as to be aflefled truftees,-agents, receivers, guardians, tutors, curators, committees, for the lame or or}ierwife? jt (hall be lawful for fuch perfons refpedively toi give may give no* notice in writing to the commiflioners ading for each parifh and tiee to the place in which they fhall be liable to be fo aflefled, dating in what commiiTion- parifh or place (being the parifh or place of refidence of fome or

tiie’ ^arillmn Prie °*~ ^uC'n Per^ons) are refpedively deftrous of being fo af-which^hey11 fefled, and fuch perfons refpedively giving fuch notice (hall be deiire to be aflefled accordingly; and if any fuch perfons or perfon have been affelicd, and Cr fhall be aflefled in more than one parifh or place, or by more onTaJT -Ihient ^]an ODe 2^e®Tjent’ f°r income9 one contribution fhall be is made1 for paid by all fuch perfons for fuch income notwithftanding fuch fuch in orne, alMlinent, and it fhall be lawful for fuch perfons refpedively to

pay

Hosted by Google

J79c5'] AnnoregnitricefimononoGEORGii III. c. 73.	295

pay .fuch contribution in one parifh or place only, or into the one contribu-bank of England, in purfuance of the directions in the faid ad con-tained, for payment of contributions into the bank of England; rhe perfoiis and for the purpofe of relieving all fuch perfons from the'effed fa affiefled of more than one affeflment for the fame income, it {ball be lawful may apply to for fuch perfons refpedively to apply to the commiffioners ading for the feveral parifhesor places in which fuch perfons refpedively 0btain*a cer-£hall be fo aficfTed, and to obtain from the commiffioners ading tificateof the for the parifh or place in which they fhall eled to ftand or be pariih in affefled, a certificate that they have fo elected, which certificate fhall be given gratis, and upon produdion of fuch certificate to	which

the commiffioners ading for the other parifhes or places in which fhall vacate fuch perfons fhall have been fo aflefTed, fuch commiffioners fhall any other af-caufe the affeffments made on fuch perfons, or any of them, in	J^r

fuch other parifhes or places refpedively to be vacated, fo that come^ fuch perfons refpedively may not be charged by more than one afleflment in refped of fuch income, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid recited ad and this ad.

CAP. LXXIII.

An aft for exempting certain fpecifick legacies which fhall he given to bodies corporate, or other public k bodies, frotn the payment of duty; and alfo the legacy of books and other articles given by the will of the late reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode to the trujlees of the Britifh mufeum.—[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain fpecifick legacies given to Preamble.

bodies corporate, and other publick bodies and focieties, fliould be exempted from the duties irnpofed on legacies \ be it enaded by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre-fent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, No legacy of from and after the paffing of this ad, no legacy, confiding of books, &c.be-books, prints, pidures, ftatues, gems, coins, medals, fpecimens b^dvcor-of natural hiftory, or other fpecifick articles, which fhall be given porate. Scc. to or bequeathed to or in trud for any body corporate, whether ag- be preserved, gregate or foie, or to the fociety of Serjeants Inn9 or any of the diall be liable inns of court or chancery, or any endowed fchool, in order totoan^ 11 ?* be kept and preferved by fuch body corporate, fociety, or fchool, and not for the purpofes of fale, (hall be liable to any duty im-pofed on legacies by any law now in force.

II. And whereas the late reverend Clayton Mordaunt Crache- The legacy of rode, majler of arts, and one of the trujlees of the Britifh mufeum, the reverend hath bequeathed to the faid trujlees and their fuccejfors, a very valy-able collection of books, draivings, and prints, and alfo of gems, coins, c)ierode tothe medals, and fpecimens of natural hi fory, together with the cabinets in Britifh mu-which the fame are contained; all which articles have been collected &um of with the greatejl care and judgement, and at an expence amounting to a very confderable fumy be \t therefore further enaded, That the empted from faid legacy fhall be exempted from the payment of any duty to duty, which the fame is now liable.

u 4	CAP,

Hosted by

Google

29° Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgxi III. c. 74—76. t179^*

CAP. LXXIV.

An a& for further continuing until the firft day of February one thoufand eight hundred and three, an ad, made in the twenty-fevefith year of the reign of his prefent Majeity, intituled, An ad to enable the lord high treafurer, or commiilioners of the treafury for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an ad, made in the twenty-fifth year of his prelent Majefty’s reign, on horfes let to hire for travelling poll, and by time, to finch perfions as fhould be willing to contrad for the fame.—[July 12, 1799.]

From Auguft 1, 1799* the treaftiry may let to farm the duties mentioned in ad 27 Geo. 3. c. 26. fieparately in diftrids. No contrad to be made to continue beyond Feb. 1, 1803. In default of perfons failing to make depofits of the rent to be paid, within the time prefcribed, or to enter into fecurity, commiflioners for ftamps to declare the contrad void, and again put up the duties to be let.

C A'P. LXXV.

An aft for reviving and making perpetual an aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An ad to prohibit the importation of light filver coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland; and to reftrain the tender thereof beyond a certain fum.—[July 12, 1799.J

Frcamble.

14 Geo. 3. c. 41, recited.

Recited ad re vivcd, and made perpetual.

WHEREAS an aft was pajfed in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty"s reign, intituled, An ad to prohibit the importation of light filver coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland; and to reftrain the tender thereof beyond a certain fum; which aft was to continue in force until the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; which faid aft was, by an aft pajfed in the loft fejjion of parliament, revived, amended, and further continued until the firft day of June one thou-fand feven hundred and ninety - nine: and whereas it is expedient that the faid firft mentioned aft Jhould be revived and made perpetual; be it therefore enaded by the King's moft excellent.majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and ■ by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, the faid ad and all the provillons thereof fhall be, and the fauie is hereby revived, and fhali be perpetual.

Preamble.

CAP. LXXVI.

An aft for the more fiecure conveyance of Jhip letters, and for granting to his Majefty pertain rates of pojiage thereon.—-[July 12,

1799-J

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 76.	297

general to receive letters andpackets, in order to be conveyed to and from places within his Majeffs dominions, alfo to and from every or any the kingdoms and countries beyond the feas> by Jhips and vejjels {other than packet boats); and alfoy that the pojimafter general be authorifed to demand and receive certain rates of pofage for fuch conveyance of the faid letters and packets: we, therefore, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, hav6 freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the rates and duties herein-after mentioned ; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it maybe enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafT- Poftmafter ing of this a6t, it {hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty’s f^wardT^-poftmafter general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto ters by other authorifed, in his and their difcretion, to coiledt and receive letters, veftels than and packets of letters, directed to places within his Majefty’s do- packet boats, minions, .alfo to any the kingdoms and countries beyond the feas,for t^e conm and to forward the fame by any fhips or veftels that he, in his dif- veyance, as cretion, fhall think fit (although not packet boats); and alfo, that herein pre-it fhall and may be lawful to and for his faid Majefty’s poftmafter bribed, general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto authorifed to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for every letter and packet which fhall be delivered to him or his deputies for conveyance in the manner herein-before fpecified, a fum not lefs than one half part of the. rates and duties payable by law for fuch refpedh’ve letters and packets, if the fame were conveyed'by packet boats; aqd in cafes where no rate of poftage is already eftablifhed, then to demand, have, receive, and take, for fuch letters and packets, rates, as near as the fame can be afcertained, equal to one half of what is now paid for letters fent beyond the feas; any law, ftatute, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enadted, That it thall and may be lawful to Poftmafter and for the faid poftmafter general to demand, have, receive, and ^er^Ifia3r take for every letter and packet which fhall be brought by ft iPs ters brought •and veftels (other than packet boats) in the manner herein-before by other vef-mentioned, from places within his Majefty’s dominions, and fromfels than any the kingdoms and countries beyond the feas into Great ^7. packet boats, tainy to be conveyed by inland carriage or poftage, the fum °f fingi^ietter m four-pence for every ftngle letter, and fo in proportion for packets, addition to in addition to any inland or internal poftage which may arife the inland upon the inland conveyance of fuch letters and packets; and forP°^aSe> the encouragement of the mailers of fuch fhips or veftels, it {hall andmay allow be lawful for the poftmafter general to allow all fuch maftersd.Pfor the fum of two-pence a letter or packet upon all fuch letters every letter and packets as they fhall refpedlively have or take on board fuch they receive yeffel or veftels, provided fuch letters and packets fhall have been delivered to them from the poft office; and in like manner, on poft"office, ^heir arrival from parts beyond the feas, 0q their delivering unto~

the

Hosted by

Google

298 Anno regni trlcefimo none Geokgii III. c. 77. [1798.

the deputy or deputies of the poftmafter general for fuch place or poft town at which they {hall touch or arrive, it {hall be lawful to pay to fuch matters of {hips and veffels the fum of two-pence a letter or packet for all fuch letters and packets as they ihall re-fpediively have on board ; provided that fuch letters and packets {hall have been regularly delivered unto the faid matters by the deputy or deputies of the poftmafter general, or any other perfons to be authorifed by him, at the place or poft town from whence fuch (hips or veftels have failed or departed.

Poftmafter III. And be it further en^efted, That it (hall and may be law-

eaufe^ofta e ^ *° an<^ ^or r^e ^aic* P°^ma^er genera^ to caufe the rates of to be paid ei- poftage hereby chargeable and payable to be paid either prior to th.er prior to fuch letters and packets being forwarded, or on delivery thereof, the letters be- as to him in his diferetion may feem meet, ingforwarded, or qn delivery.

hy^h^rate^118 XV. And be it further enadfed, That the monies to arife by the to be paid into rates and duties aforefaid (except the monies which (ball be ne-the exche- ceflary to defray fuch expences as {hall be incurred in the collec-<luer*	tion and management of the fame) (hall be paid into the receipt

©f the exchequer, and carried to and made part of the confoli-dated fund, and applied to fuch and the fame ufes as the prefent rates and duties of poftage are now, or (hall be directed to be paid and applied.

Perfons fued .	V. And be it further enadled, That if any perfon or perfons

done^nder'B	at any t,me or times, be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for

this adt may any ^ing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this plead the ge- a£t, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon neraliflue,&c. 0r perfons {hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdiitt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble coffs awarded to him or them againfl: fuch plaintiff' or plaintiffs.

C A P. LXXVII.

jin a£i for repealing the duties on fait made in Scotland, and on fait imported from Scotland into England and Wales, and granting other duties in lieu thereof—[July 12, 1799*]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble,

From Auguft 2,1799,the duties and

Wr HE RE AS it is expedient to repeal the duties and drawbacks now payable for and in refpefl of fait which Jhall be ?nade or raifed in Scotland, and alfo for and in rejpeft of fait which [hall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, and to grant other duties in lieu thereof; be it therefore enadled by the King’s moft excellent majeffy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of Jugifl one thoufand feven hundred and

ninety-*

Hosted by Google

9

ex*

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 77.	299

ninety-nine, ail and Angular the duties and drawbacks now pay- drawbacks able for or in refpe6I of fait which fhal! be made or raifed in Scotland, onTalt^made or which fhall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, jn Scotland, (hall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, fave and imported and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, allowing, or from thence paying of any arrears thereof refpedlively, which may at that (hah cea^feex time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture relating cept arrears: thereto refpeclively which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid firft day of Augufl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

II.	And be it further enadled, That, from and after the faid thereof there firft day of Augufl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, fhall be paid in lieu and inftead of the faid duties by this a£t repealed, there the following fhall be raifed, levied, eolledled, and paid, unto his Majefty, his duties, viz. heirs and fucceffors, the feveral fums of money and duties of

excife hereio-after mentioned (that is to fay), For every bufhel raffedfo £ of fait that fhall be made at any fait work, or raifed or taken out Scotland, 4s. of any fait mine or fait pit in Scotland four (hillings ; and fo in per bufhel; proportion for any greater or lefs quantity: for every bufhel of and if import-fait which fhall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, accompanied with a certificate from the proper officer that it m0re. hath paid the duty of four (hillings hereby impeded for every bufhel of fait made at any fait work, or raifed or taken out of any fait mine or fait pit in Scotland, fix (hillings; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

III.	And be it further enadted, That, from and after the faid The draw-firft day of Augufl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, back^ follow-the following drawbacks and allowances fhall be made, allowed, Jhe*rJeufa- ° and paid, out of the duties by this aeft impofed, under, fubjedl, tions of

and according to all and fingular the rules, regulations, and re- 38 Geo. 3.

ftri&ions, contained in an adt paffed in the thirty-eighth year of c* .89» f° he

the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for transferring ^	*

the management of the fait duties to the commiff oners of excife, and for

repealing the duties oki fait, and the drawbacks, allowances, and bounties

paid thereout; and for granting other duties, drawbacks, allowances

and bounties thereon; (that is to fay), For every bufhel of fait which For fait

fhall be made in Scotland, (rock fait excepted), for which all the exported'; * '

duties due and payable thereon fhall be paid, or fecured to be paid,

and which (hall be duly exported from thence to parts beyond

the feas, a drawback or allowance of four (hillings: for every and for fait

bufhel of fait of the manufacture of Scotland, which (hall be ufed, Q^jn^ins

employed, fpent, and confumed, in making oxiginated muriatick niunattekacid

acid in Scotland, for the bleaching of linen and cotton, four fhil- in Scotland 4s*

lings; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity: pro- per bufhel.

vided always,That the faid laft-mentioned drawback or allowance

fhall be in lieu and inftead of all former drawback or allowance

for or in refpeft of fait to be ufed, employed, fpent, or con-

fumed, ip making oxiginated muriatick acid in Scotland.	Duties to be

IV.	And be it further enadfed, That ftrch of the duties by under the ma* fhis a61 impofed as (hall arife or become payable in England, fhall nagement of \>c ynder th«p management of the commiffioners of excife in Eng- rioneiTpf'ex*-

land die*

Hosted by Google

5fCo Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 78. [1798.

land for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife or become payable in Scotland, (hall be under the management of the com-miffioners of excife in Scotland for the time being.

V.	And be it further enabled, That all the monies from time ties to be paid to time arifing by the duties by this abl impofed (the neceffary into the ex- charges of raifing and accounting for the fame refpeblively exchequer. cepted) (hall, from and after the palling of this abt, from time

to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wefmtnfer% and the faid money fo paid into the exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

VI.	And whereas the duties hereby repealed by an a51 pajfed in this fejjton of parliament, appropriated and applied in manner there-

Appropriation by directed*, be it therefore enabled, That the duties on-fait here-ot the duties, by granted fhall be appropriated and applied in fuch and the like manner as the duties hereby repealed were direbled to'be appro-p	priated	and applied.

j» Car! 2	VIL	And be it further enabled, That all and every the powers,

c. 24. extend- directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and ed to this a£h things, which, in and by an abl, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capit e' and by knights fervice and purveyance, and forfettling a revenue upon his Majefly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Maieffy7s revenue of excife, are provided and ellablifhed for managing, raifing, levying, collebling, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or afeertainingy the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in fuch cafes for which other provifions are made and preferred by this abl), fhall be prablifed, ufed, and put in execu-cution, in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collebling, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the duties by this act impofed, and for preventing, detecting, and punithing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effeblually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enabled in this prelent abl.

CAP. LXXVIIL

An a 51 to continue, until the tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred., and amend an aft, pajfed in the prejent fejfton of parliament, for continuing an a51 of the lajl JeJfion of parliament, for granting to his Majefy additional duties on dijiil levies, in the fever a I parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time; and for regulating tbe dyties on dijlilleries in the refpe5live diflri5is in Scotland , and for anting to his Majefy certain additional duties on fpirits dif tilled for confumption, and a duty on unmalted grain ufed in dif illation in Scotland.---[ July 12, 1799*]

WHEREAS Hosted by Google

1798*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 78.	301

WHEREAS an aft was made in the prefent feffion of parliament, Preamble* intituled, A\n a61 to continue until the tenth day oijuly one 39 Oco. 3* thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an adt, paffed c- 3X> recited} in the laft feflion of parliament, videlicet, On the twenty-ninth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, for	\

granting to his Majefty additional duties on diftilleries in the fe-veral parts of the highlands of Scotland for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on diftilleries in the refpedlive diflridls in Scotland; and for granting to his Majefty certain additional duties on fpirits diftilled for confumption, and a duty on unmalted grain ufed in diftillation in Scotland; which was to continue in force until the tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine: and whereas it is proper and expedient that the faid aft Jhould he further continued and amended, and that further provifions jhould be made for the better regulating andfecuring the duties thereby continued; and for preventing frauds and evafions in relation thereto: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be ir enadted by the King's moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid a<51, and all the duties thereby and, except continued, (fave and except the further duty of excife of one the further Chilling for and upon every gallon of Britijh spirits found upon the firft adlual furvey by the proper officer upon or after the thir-	fjirits

teenth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, in flock on in the ftock, cuftody, or pofteffion of any diftiller, redtifier, com- June 13,1798* pounder, dealer in or retailer of fpirits, in any part of Scotland, ^^ued^o and as fhall be herein-after further excepted and enadled), November io» and all the powers, provifions, regulations, claufes, matters, and 1800, things therein contained, (except as herein-after excepted or altered), fhall, from and after the faid tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, be further continued and in force, and the fame are hereby further continued in force until the tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred exclufive.

II.	And be it further enadled. That every licence for the dif- Licences for tilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or fpirits in the tl^ ki^ands lowlands of Scotland, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mix- Qr for rectifying of any kind of fpirits, in any part of Scotland\ which fhall have ing in any been granted or renewed upon or after the tenth day of Oftober P *rt °f Scot-

one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and which was t0 hnd, which

/ o '	were to coii-

continue in force from the faid tenth day of Oftober one thoufand tinue in torce

feven hundred and ninety-eight incluftve, to the tenth day of to July 10,

July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine exclufive, fhall x799; further

be further continued and in force from the faid tenth day of July	to

one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine inclufive, to the 1799‘ rubje€t

tenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- to the'lame

nine exclufive, and no longer, fubjedl to the fame rate of duty rate duty,

for or in refpedl thereof, and under the fame terms, conditions, ^v^ncVb"

regulations, reftridlions, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, as two inftai-

were contained in or continued by the faid acl, fave and except ments*

as is herein-after altered and excepted; and that every perfen to

whom

Hosted by Google

Licences for (Milling in the lowlands, or for rectifying in any part of Scotland, granted or renewed,

302 Ahho regni tricenmo nono Georgxi III. c. 78. [1798,

whom fuch licence fhall have been granted, and which licence {hall not have been or (hall not be vacated upon the conditions in the faid a<51 exp relied, {hall, and he or fhe is hereby required, on the faid tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to pay down in advance, in ready money, to the proper officer appointed to receive the fame, one moiety of the full fum payable under fuch licence, for the fubfequent four months, from the faid tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to the faid tenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and fhall, on the tenth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine, pay down, in ready money, in advance, the other moiety of the faid full fum payable under fuch licence, for the period aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enabled, That every licence for the dif-tilling, making, or manufacturing of, low wines or fpirits in the lowlands of Scotland, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of fpirits, in any part of Scotland, which (hall be granted or renewed upon or after the faid tenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine inclufive, (hall be upon or after and continue in force from the faid tenth day of November one November xo, thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine inclufive, to the tenth day force't^o Nov°	November one thoufand eight hundred exclufive; and that,

10 1800 and uPon or previous to the granting of any fuch licence, the perfon the duty’to or perfons applying for the fame fhall, before he, fhe, or they be paid in be entitled to (uch licence, pay down in advance, in ready money, to the proper officer of excife appointed to receive the fame, one fixth part of the full fum payable under fuch licence, from the faid tenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine inclufive, to the tenth day of January following exclufive; and (hall, on or before the faid tenth day of January one thoufand eight hundred, pay down in ready money, in advance, one other fixth part; and fhall, on or before the tenth day of March one thoufand eight hundred, pay down in ready money, in advance, one other fixth part; and fhall, on or before the tenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred, pay down in ready money, in advance, one other fixth.part; and fhall, on or before the tenth day of July one thoufand eight hundred, pay down in ready money, in advance, one other fixth part; and fhall, on or before the tenth day of September one thoufand eight hundred, paydown in ready money, in advance, the remaining fixth part of the faid full fum, payable under fuch licence, from the faid tenth day of September one thoufand eight hundred inclufive, to the faid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred exclufive. beCCrailJ1 for	^nd ^ further enacted, That it lhall and may be law-

ftilknn the ^ f°r t^ie comrniffioners of excife in Scotland to grant licences highlands to all perfons applying for the fame, and duly recommended and within the qualified to eredl, keep, and work {fills, in the highlands of Scot-fenbed^in	fond, within the refpedfive counties, parts of counties, and limits

33 Geo. 3.	particularly fpecified and delcribed in two a<5ls of the thirty-

c. 61. and	third and thirty-feventh years of the reign of his prefent Ma-

37 Geo. 3.	jelly, from the tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and

* J	ninety-

advance by inftainients.

Hosted by

by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgix III. c. 78.	303

ninety-nine inchifive, until t!ie tenth' day of November one thou- Nov. io,iSoo* land eight hundred exclufive, and no longer, upon payment the^fkme the fame and no higher rate of duty'for or in refpe£t of fuch h- rate of duty cenccs to which dirtilleries in the laid refpedtive diftridfs were as under the fubjedt and liable under the faid adt of the thirty-feventh year of latter adL the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the whole year, between the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and the fifth day of one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, <md in the fame proportion, according to the time or number of days for which the faid licences fhall be granted and / in force, that is to fay. For the time between the faid tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine inclufive, and the faid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred exclufive, and fubjeft to and under the fame terms, conditions, regulations, refiri£fions, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, as were contained in the faid recited acfts of the thirty-feventh, thirty-eighth, and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or any of them ; fave and except that when the licence ^'lC^g duty after the rate of nine pounds fhall be paid for or upon each gallon of a dill, of forty gallons content, fuch duty fhall be held the duty on to be the licence duty on the fpirits manufactured in fuch dill, certain quan-from and after the aforefaid tenth day of July one thoufand feven t‘t^es hundred and ninety-nine, until the aforefaid tenth day of July {herein w^hln one thoufand eight hundred, to the extent of three thoufand certain pe-three hundred and twenty gallons Euglijh wine meafure of fpi- riods, and For rits of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no e£e,T more; that when the licence duty after the faid rate of nine quantifies \ pounds fhall be paid for or upon each gallon of a till of forty duty to be* gallons content, fuch duty fhall be held to be the licence duty paid of on the fpirits manufactured in fuch (fill, from and after the faid 2S-tenth day of July one thoufand eight hundred, until the aforefaid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, to the extent of one thoufand one hundred and fix gallons Englijh wine meafure of fpirits of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more; that when the licence duty after the rate of fix pounds and ten {hillings Fhall be paid for or upon each gallon of a' {fill of forty gallons content, fuch duty fhall be held to be the licencp duty on the fpirits manufactured in fuch ftill, from and after the aforefaid tenth day of July one thoufand Teven hundred and ninety-nine, until the aforefaid tenth day of July one thoufand eight hundred, to the extent of two thoufand two hundred and eighty gallons Engllfy wine meafure of fpirits of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more; and that when the licence duty after the faid rate of fix pounds and ten {hillings (hall be paid for or upon each gallon of a ftill of forty gallons content, fuch duty (hall be held to be the licence duty on the fpirits manufactured in fuch (fill, from and after the faid tenth day of July one thoufand eight hundred, urt^ til the aforefaid tenth day of November one thoufand eight, hundred, to the extent of (even hundred and fixty gallons Euglify , wine meafure of fpirits of the ftrength of one to ten over hydro*-

meter

Hosted by G< le

3°4

On giving previous notice, licences may be delivered up to be vacated.

Excife officers may at any time enter ftillhoufes,

Sec. to take account of ttock.

Anno regni tricefuno nono Georgii III. c. 78. [1798*

meter proof, and no more; and w-hen any fuch licence duties fhal) be refpeclively paid for any ftill of a lefler fize, the like proportion fhall be obferved refpectively, as to the quantity of fpirits for which fuch licence duty fhal! be held to have been paid; and that, for and upon all fpirits which fhall be manufactured from fuch licenfed (fills between the days aforefaid, over and above the refpedHve quantities aforefaid, there fhall be paid on demand by every fuch diftiller, a duty at and after the rate of two (hillings and fixpence for each gallon of fuch furplus fpirits of the ftrength aforefaid, over and above the faid refpediive licence duties.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons licenfed by the faid commiffioners. of excife to eredf, keep, and work, any {fill or f|i]ls, for the dif-tilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or fpirits, in the lowlands ot Scotland, for confumption in Scotland, or for the redli-fying, compounding,-or mixing' of any kind of fpirits, in any part of Scotland; or tor any perfon or perfons licenfed by the faid commiffioners of excife to eredt, keep, and work (tills in the highlands of Scotland, between the faid tenth day of July one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-nine, and the faid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences to the faid commiffioners, or to the proper fupervifor of the diftridt or officer of the diviiion, to be vacated upon the condition herein-after exprefled, and at the time herein-after particularly mentioned ; that is to fay. Every fuch perfon or perfons intending to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences to be vacated, (hall give to the (aid coiil-miffioners, fupervifor, or officer, fifteen days previous notice in writing, figned by fuch perfon or perfons of fuch intention, before he, (he, or they (hall be entitled to difeontinue the working of his, her, or their (till or (fills, licenfed as aforefaid, and thereupon the faid commiffioners, fupervifor, or officer, (hall, and they are hereby refpeclively authorifed to vacate the (aid licence or licences, but not fooner than at and from the end of any one calendar month, for which time the licence duty has been adlually paid in advance by fuch perfon or perfons, and in that cafe the proportion of the licence duty payable for or in refpedf of fuch (fill or hills for the unexpired time of his, her, or their licences, during which the working of the faid ftill or ftills (hall be difeon-tinued, fhall not be charged or chargeable upon, or payable or paid by fuch perfon or perfons who fhall have given fuch notice as aforefaid, and ceafed to work the faid ftill or ftills from and after the time fpecified in fuch notice.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That, from and after the tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, the officers of excife, and each and every of them, duly conftituted and appointed, fhall be, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, and have right, by night or day, to enter into and continue in every ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehoule, cellar, or other place made ufe of by any diftiller, redtifier, or compounder, in

any

Hosted by Google

3° 5

179^*1 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 78.

any part of Scotland, for making or keeping worts, wafh, low wines, or fpirits, and by gauging, meafuring, or other wife, in fuch manner and by fuch inftrument as to fuch officer or officers fhall appear moft proper and effectual for that purpofe, to take account of the quantity, quality, and ftrength of the worts, wafh, low wines, and fpirits, in the flock, cuftody, or poffeffion, of every fuch diftiller, re£tifier, or compounder, and alfo of the quantity, quality, and ftrength of the worts, waft, low wines, and fpirits, which fhall from time to time be brewed, made, dif-tilled, rectified, compounded, or kept, by fuch diftiller, redlifier, or compounder, and to enter fuch account, as well of the worts, wafh, and low wines, as of the fpirits, in a book or books to be kept by fuch officer or officers for that purpofe.

VII.	And be it further enadied, That all fpirits made by any Spirits fhall be licenfed diftiller fhall be immediately run from the ftill into a1 from^the proper cafk, veflel, or other receiver, to be provided by and at frni into are-the expence of fuch diftiller, and duly entered and gauged forCeiverofa that purpofe, which cafk, veflel, or receiver, fhall be of a capa- iize Efficient city or fize fufficient to contain and hold the whole of the fpirits	„

which fhall or may be made or diftilied by fuch diftiller in anyald^^^° or each day, and fhall be placed and kept in the fame houfe or placed near place where the ftill is worked, and as near to the difcharge cock the difcharge of fuch ftill as conveniently may be, and not under ground, or ^ock^and^ hid or concealed from open view; that fuch cafk, veflel, or re-, e^a an^j n°0cts" ceiver, and every pipe, tube, or communication therewith con- opened but to necfted, fhall be kept locked down and fecured to the fatisfadiion take account of the proper fupervifor or officer of excife, and fuch cafk, veflel, the m'xd* or receiver, fhall not be opened but by fuch officer, to take an beforeTc-6 account of the fpirits contained therein, which he is empowered count taken, and required to do at the leaft each and every day, {Sundays ex- to be forfeit-cepted), or oftener, as he may fee caufe; that all the fpirits diftil-e^> an^ led, after being run into fuch cafk, veflel, or receiver as afore- ^er on# -faid, fhall be therein kept by fuch diftiller for the fpace of twenty-four hours at leaft, unlefs the fame fhall have been fooner taken account of and charged with duty by the proper officer or fupervifor, unmixed with and feparate and apart from the flock of all other fpirits which had been before taken fuch account of, on pain of forfeiting all the fpirits fo mixed before account taken, with two pounds per gallon: provided always,

That fuch forfeiture or penalty fhall not be incurred by reafon or Forfeiture not

on account of

any fmall difference in or from the manner of for any gauging or meafuring the faid fpirits, the proof of the caufe of difference iu which difference, and that it had arifen without intention ofguaging. fraud or evafion, fhall be upon the diftiller or claimer, and not upon the officer who feized the faid fpirits; and if any diftiller fhall refufe or negledt to provide fuch fufficient cafk, veflel, or re- orovkUng receiver, as aforefaid, or to place^he fame as herein-before directed, ceivcrs, See, or to provide fufficient faftenings thereto, and to every pipe from the ftill therewith connected, or if fuch diftiller (hall not run off . all his fpirits immediately from the ftill into fuch cafk, veflel, or receiver, or fhall open the fame before an account of fuch fpirits Vol. -XLII,	X	has

to be incurred

306 Anno regni tticefimo nono Gecrgii III. c. 78. [1798*

has been taken by the officer, he or (he for each and every fuch offence fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

For every gal- VIII. And be it further ena&ed, That every diftiller in the the diftiUer ^0Vv^anc^s °f Scotland (hall, for every one hundred gallons of wafh ihall produce PtePared ^rom anY f°rt of Britijh materials, or any mixture thereto the excife with for extracting fpirits for confurrtption in Scotland, found in officer certain his or her cuftody, produce to the proper officer of excife at leaft quantities of eleven gallons Englijh wine meafure of fpirits of the ftrength of forThe defi one to ten over hydrometer proof; that every diftiller in the intermediate diftriCl herein-before defcribed fhall, for every one hundred gallons of wafh prepared from barley, bear, or bigg, of the growth of the faid counties, or any mixture therewith, found in his or her cuftodv, produce to the officer at leaft nine gallons Englijh wine meafure of fpirits of the ftrength aforefaid ; and that every diftiller in the Highland diftridt, herein-before defcribed, fhall, for every one hundred gallons of wafh prepared from barley, bear, or bigg, of the growth of the faid counties, or any mixture therewith, found in his or her cuftody, produce to the officer, at leaft fix gallons Englijh wine meafure of fpirits of the ftrength aforefaid; and that in every cafe where the produce of fpirits extracted by any fuch diftiller refpeClively, and produced to the proper officer of excife, fhall fall fhort of the refpeCtive proportions herein-before mentioned, every fuch diftiller fhall, and he or fhe is hereby made chargeable with and fhall pay a duty of excife of two (hillings for every gallon of fpirits which (hall be deficient of the refpe&ive quantities above mentioned ; and if default fhall be made on fuch payment, the diftiller making fuch default fhall forfeit double the amount of the faid duty by this aCl impofed, for or ,in refpeCI of fuch deficiency.

No fpirits to IX. And be it further enacted, That no fpirits whatever fhall ^idfout'a ^	ke lent out of the hock, cuftody, or pofleffion, of any diftiller,

permit, on	re&ifier, or compounder, or fhall be removed from the houfe,

pain of	building,	work,	or other place, wherein the fame were made or

forfeiture, manufactured, rectified, compounded, or kept, or (hall be car-flls^£ and riec* ^rom one P^ace t0 an°ther, by land or by water, without a 7os*. per gal- permit granted and figned by the proper officer of excife of the Ion,	divifion,	upon a requeft note fubferibed by the diftiller, re&ifier,

or compounder, and delivered to fuch officer, fpecifying therein the quantity, quality, and ftrength of fuch fpirits, and the package thereof, the perfon from whom, the perfoa to whom, and the place where, the fame are to be feat, which permit (hall be made to correfpond, in refpecl to the feveral particulars aforefaid, with fuch requeft note ; and fhall alfo limit therein a reafon-able time within which the faid permit is to be in force, on pain of forfeiting all fuch fpirits as fhall be feat out, removed, or carried, or found removing or carrying, without fuch permit as aforefaid ; which faid fpirits, with the cafks, veftels, and other packages, containing the fame, ami alfo the veftels and boats, horfes and other cattle, and carriages, made ufe of in the removal or conveyance thereof, fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife, and fhall be forfeited and lofts any law, euftom,

or

ciency ill all pay zs. per gallon, and if not paid fhall forfeit double.

Hosted by Google

179S.J Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 78.	3°7

or ufage, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding: and if any diftiller, redifier, or compounder, fhall fend or carry, or knowingly permit or fuffer to be fent or carried, from his or her flock, cuftody, or pofleflion, or from the houfe,1 building, work, or other place, wherein the fame were made, manufadured, rectified, compounded, or kept, any fpirits whatever without fuch permit as aforefaid, or with permit not correfponding thereto in quantity, quality, or flrength, every fuch diftiller, redifier, or compounder, fhall, over and above the forfeiture of the faid fpirits, if feized, forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty fhillings fter-ling for every gallon, Englift) wine meafure, of the fpirits fo fent out, of whatever flrength' the fame may be, and whether the faid fpirits fhall or fhall not be feized.

X.	And be it further enaded. That no diftiller or redifier N°Britifh fhall fell or fend out from or in any part of Scotland, any Britijk ^Jdbyany fpirits of a greater degree of flrength than that of one to ten over diftiller or hydrometer proof, or fhall fell or fend out from or in any part redifier

of the lowlands of Scotland, fuch fpirits, in cafk, veflel, or pack- above a cer-age, not containing at lead thirty gallons Englijh wine meafure, ^en^th^nor or fhall fell or fend out from or in any part of the interme- underacer-diate diftrid herein-before defcribed, any fuch fpirits in cafk, vef- tain quantity, fel, or package, not containing at lead fifteen gallons Eng- ”or fold or lijh wine meafure, or fhall fell or fend out from or in any part of deafer below the highland diftrid herein-before. defcribed, any fuch fpirits in a certain decade, veflel, or other package, not containing at leaft nine gallons gree of Englijh wine meafure; and that no dealer in or retailer of fpirits length, on in any part of Scotland fhall fell or fend out, or have or keep in his or her cuftody or pofleflion, any Britijh fpirits of a lower degree of flrength than that of one in fix under hydrometer proof, on pain of forfeiting all fuch fpirits as fhall be fold, fent out, had, or kept, contrary to the provifions aforefaid, or any of them, with the cafks, veflels, or other packages, containing the fame, which fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That every diftiller of fpirits ^ |rjts^for° for confumption in Scotland fhall be, and he or fhe is hereby re- confumption quired and obliged to make, upon oath, and to deliver to the in Scotland to proper officer of excife of the divifion in which his or her diftil- deliver to the lery is carried on, monthly and every month, a true entry or re- ^monUilv^e turn in writing, figned by him or her, of the refpedive quantities turn on oath of malt and unmalted grain ufed by fuch diftiller at every maih of malt and during the preceding month, and of the quantity and number of unmalted _ gallons of fpirits, and the flrength thereof, produced from fuch the^^ecedii”’* malt or grain; which faid entry or return fhall alfo contain the month, and° true number of gallons and flrength of the fpirits diddled in ofthequan-each day of fuch month, with the dates of the refpedive brew- hty and ings thereof, on pain to forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds

r 0	- inr c r 1	*	r	,	r	the lpintsdi-

for every neglect or retulal to make fuch entry or return upon billed, on pe-

oath monthly and every month, and which oath fhall be made nalty of stool.

with and adminiftered by the colledor, fupervifor, or officer of

collection, diftrid, or divifion, within which the faid diftillery is

x 2	carried

3o8 Anno regni tricefmio nono Georgii III. c. 78. [1798.

carried on, without any fee or charge whatfoever to be taken or demanded for the fame.

XII.	And whereas it is reafonahle that all barley, bear, or bigg, or other corn or grain, which fhall be ufed, unmalted, or raw, for the purpofe of the dtft illation of fpirits for confumption in Scotland, Jhould pay a duty according to the weight thereof, in lieu of that duty which Excifeofficcrs malt noiv pays; be it therefore further enabled, That, from and countofmalt" a^ter tent^ day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-and of (rrain ’ nine> the officers of cxcife, and each and every of them, duly unmalted be- conftituted and appointed, fhall be, and they are hereby autho-fore put into rifed, empowered, and required, from time to time, to meafure, the mafh tun, wejg|l5 ancj take an account of the exa<fl quantity and weight of a'duty	all the malt, and alfo of all the barley, bear, or bigg, or other

is. 3d. per corn or grain, unmalted or raw, which is to be ufed for the pur-cwt. on the pofe of difiliation by any diftiller in any part of Scotland, im* a^heraniiKn6*mec^atety before the fame or any part thereof fhall be put into tioned.	the mafh tun, and to charge a duty of one ffiilling and three-

pence for and upoiv every hundred weight, or one hundred and twelve pounds weight avoirdupois, of fuch barley, bear, or bigg, or other corn or grain, unmalted or raw; which duty fhall be paid by every fuch diftiller, at the fame time and in the fame manner, and under the like provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the duty upon malt is payable or paid by him or her, if he or flie is a maker of malt, or if fuch diftiller is not a maker of malt, at the fame time and in the fame manner, and under the dike provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the additional duty upon fpirits by this a£I continued is dire&ed to be paid by fuch Penalty of diftiller; and if any diftiller, maltfter, or other perfon in any too!-tor mix-p3rt Qf Scotland, (hall, from and after the faid tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, mix any bar-

ing unmalted

grain with -	.	.	.	-

malt, before ley, bear, or bigg, or other corn or grain, unmalted, or raw,

an account

has been taken meafurecl or by the excife officer.

38 Geo. c. 93.

with malt ground or unground, before the fame fhall have been v/eighed, and the account thereof taken by the proper officer of excife as aforefaiJ, or at any other time or times than immediately before the fame is put into the mafh tun, which fuch diftiller is hereby required and obliged to do or caufe to be clone in the prefence of the proper officer, and after havinggiven to him twenty-four hours previous notice of intention to mafh fuch grain, or if any fuch diftiller fhall negletft or refufe to give fuch notice of the intention to mafh or to keep fufficient and juft feales and weights, or to permit the officer to ufe the fame for the purpofe aforefaid, or fhall not, when required, with a fufficient number of his or her fervants affift fuch officer in the doing thereof, he or fhe fhall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XIII.	And whereas by an att made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, it was enabled, That if any dijliller or dijlillers in Scotland Jhall work or charge any Jlill or fills on the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday; that is to fay, That if any Jlill or fills fall not be completely difeharged and worked off at or before eleven of the clock on Saturday nighty and Jhtill not continue

filcnt

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 79.	309

filent or uncharged till one of the clock on Monday morning following, or if any fill or fills Jhall he found charged or at work, or filled with any thing other than water, between the hours of eleven of the clock on Saturday night and one of the clock on Monday morning throughout the year, then every fuch difiller or diftillers fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds for each offence, and for every time any fill or fills fhall, on Sunday or betiveen the hours of orefaid, he fo worked or charged; any cufioin or if age to the contrary in anywfe notwithfanding: and whereas it is neceffary to make further provi-fon a gain ft any diftiller charging or working his fill or fills on Sunday, or between the hours of eleven of the clock on Saturday night and one of the clock on Monday morning; be it therefore further enadfed, That every diftiller in any part of Scotland lhall, at his Diftillers fhall or her own expence, provide fufficient locks, keys, and ^a^en- affix\ocks to-ings, to be approved of in writing by the furveyor or fupervifor the head and of the diftrift, and fhall affix the fame to the head or heads, and charge cock charge cock, of his or her hill or ftills, which are therewith to of their (tills, be fecurely locked and fealed by the officer on each and every and fealed^v Saturday night throughout the year, before the hour of twelve the excife of the clock, and not to be opened again but by fuch officer, officer every nor until after the hour of twelve of the clock on Sunday night Saturday following; and if any fuch diftiller fhall negledt or refufe to pro- ojfeped^every vide and affix fuch fufficient locks, keys, and faitenings as afore- Sunday night, faid, or to pay for the fame, or (hall by any means, device, or Penalty of contrivance, open the head or charge cock of his or her ftill or iool. on dif-ftills after the fame fhall have been locked, fealed, and fecured, tillers for not by the officer as aforefaid, or fhall wilfully damage any fuch lock, P^?v.Ic^np feal,/or other faftening, every fuch diftiller lhall, for every fuch or for opening offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds,	them.

CAP. LXXIX.

An aft for the more effcftual fupprcffion offocieties cfahlijhed for feditions and treafonable purpojes; and for better preventing treafonable andfictitious practices.—[July 12, 1799.]

4.'

WHE RE AS a tr alter ous confpiracy has long been carried on, in Preamble* conjunftion \with the perfons from time to time exercifng the powers of government fin France, to overturn the laws, confitution, and government, and every exifting efablifkment, civil and ecclcfwfi* cal, both in Great Britain and Ireland, and to difolve the connection between the two kingdoms, Jo necejjhry to the fecurity and prof perity of both: and whereas, in purfuance of fuch defign, and in order to carry the fame into efifeft, divers focieties have been of late years infituted in this kingdom, and in the kingdom ^'Ireland, of a new and dangerous nature, inconfiftent v/ith publick tranquillity, and with the ex fence of regular government, particularly certain Jocieties calling themjelves Societies of United Englifhmen, United Scotfmen,

United Britons, United Irithmen, and The London Correfpond-ing Society : and whereas the members of many of fuch jocieties have taken unlawful oaths and engagements of fidelity and Jccrecy, and ujed fee ret figns, and appointed committees, fecrctaries^ and other officers.

Hosted by Google

no

Certain fo-cieties fup-preffid.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III, c. 79. [1798.

in a fecret manner ; and many of fuch focieties are compofed of different diviflons, branches, or parts, which communicate with each other by fecretaries, delegates, or otherwife, and by means thereof 'maintain an influence over large bodies of men, and delude many ignorant and unwary perfons into the commifflon of adls highly criminal: and whereas it is expedient and neceffary that all fuch focieties as aforefaid, and all focieties of the like nature, flmild be utterly fup-prefjed and prohibited, as unlawful combinations and confederacies, highly dangerous to the peace and tranquillity of thefe kingdoms and to the conflitution of the government thereof as by law eflablifhed: be it enabled by the King’s mofl excellent majefly, by and with the advice and conlent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this a&, all the faid focieties of United Ettglijhmen, United Scotfmen, United Irifh-men, and United Britons, and the faid fociety commonly called The London Correfponding Society, and all other focieties called Correfponding Societies, of any other city, town, or place, (hall be, and the fame are hereby utterly fupprefTed and prohibited, as being unlawful combinations and confederacies againfl the government of our fovereign lord the King, and againfl the peace

All focieties, the members whereof fhal!

be deemed unlawful,

and fecurity of his Majelly’s liege fubjects.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the palling of this a6l, all and every the faid fb-berequiredto cieties, and alfo every other fociety now eflablifhed, or hereafter take any oath to be eflablifhed, the members whereof fhall, according to the not autho- rules thereof, or to any provifion or agreement for that purpofe, mThalfhave reclu^rec^ or admitted to take any oath or engagement, which any commit- fhall he an unlawful oath or engagement within the intent and tees not meaning of an adl, palled in' the thirty-feventh year of his Ma-known to the jelly’s reign, intituled, An act for more effectually preventing the fociety^at ^ admintftering or taking of unlawful oaths, or to take any oath not *	- c ** required or authorifed by law; and every fociety, the members

whereof, or any of them, fhall take, or in any manner bind them-felves by any fuch oath or engagement, on becoming or in con-fequence of being members of fuch fociety f and every fociety, the members whereof fhall take, fubferibe, or affent, to any tefl or declaration not required by law, or not authorifed in manner herein-after mentioned ; and every fociety, of which the names of the members, or of any of them, fhall be kept fecret from the fociety at large, or which fhall have any committee or feled body fo chofen or appointed, that the members conllituting the fame fhall not be known by the fociety at large to be members of fuch committee or fe!e£l body, or which fhall have any prefident, treafurer, fecretary, delegate, or other officer fo chofen or appointed, that the election or appointment of fuch perfons to fuch offices fhall not be known to the fociety at large, or of which the names of all the members, and of all committees or fele£l bodies of members, and of all prefidents, treafurers, fecretaries, delegates, and other officers, fhall not be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and to be open to the infpec-

tion

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regm tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. 3IX

tion of all the members of fuch fociety; and every fociety which fhall be compofed of different divifions or branches, or of different parts, afting in any manner feparately or diftinft from each other, or of which any part fhall have any feparate or dirtinft prefident, fecretary, treasurer, delegate, or other officer, elefted or appointed by or for fuch parr, or to aft as an officer for fuch part; fhall be deemed and taken to be unlawful combinations and confederacies; and every perfon, who from and after the paf- ^ereof^nd^8 fing of this aft, fhall become a member of any fuch fociety, or perfong cor_ who being a member of any fuch fociety, at the parting of this refponding, aft, fhall afterwards aft as a member thereof; and every perfon who, See. with

'after the parting of this aft, fhall diredfly or indireftly maintain S'11**?

-	1.	&	.	’	.	.	/	1	r	.	J	. . of an unlawful

correfpondence or intercourfe with any fuch fociety, or with any comNation.

divifion, branch, committee, or other feleft body, prefident, trea-

furer, fecretary, delegate, or other officer, or member thereof a$

fuch, or who fhall, by contribution of money or otherwife, aid,

abet, or fupport fuch fociety, or any members or officers thereof

as fuch ; fhall be deemed guilty of an unlawful combination and

confederacy.

III.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it enafted, That no- Aftnottoex-thing herein contained fhall extend to any declaration to be clarations^n-taken, fubferibed, or aflented to by the members of any fociety, pr0ved by in cafe the form of fuch declaration fhall have been firft approved two juftices, and ftfbfcribed by two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the an.d regiftered peace for the county, ftewartry, riding, divifion, or place, where ofthepeace^ fuch fociety fhall ordinarily aflemble, and fhall have been regi-ftered with the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, for fuch county, ftewartry, riding, divifion, or place, for which there (hall be Such appro-paid a fee of one fhilling and no more; but that fuch approba- C0n^"med at tion of the juftices as aforefaid fhall remain valid and effeftual the next ge-no longer than until the next general feflion for fuch county, neral quarter ftewartry, riding, divifion, or place, unlefs the fame fhall, on ap- feflion* plication made by the parties concerned, be confirmed by the major part of the juftices prefent at fuch general fefiion; and if the fame fhall not be then and there fo confirmed, the provi-fions of this aft fhall from thenceforth extend to fuch declara-

tion, and to all focieties or perfons fubferibing the fame, in fo. far as may relate to all 3fts which may be done by them, or any of them, fubfequent to the holding of fuch general fefiion.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That no perfon who, Members riot at or before the parting of this aft, fhall be, or fhall have been pa{fing thiY

a member of any fuch fociety, lhalL be liable to any pain or pe- aft, not liable nalty for having been a member of fuch fociety at or before the to penalty, parting of this aft, in cafe fuch perfon fhall not in any manner aft as a member of fuch fociety at any time after the parting of this aft.

V.	And whereas certain focieties have been long accuflomed to be holden in this kingdom under the denomination of Lodges of Free Mafons, the meetings whereof have been in great meafure directed

to charitable purpoJes-y be it therefore enafted, That nothing in Not to extend this aft fhall extend to the meetings of any fuch fociety or lodge

x 4	which	free mafona

312 held before palling this ■aft.

But two

members of each lodge (hall certify the fame on

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii 111. c. 79- [179*.

which (hall, before the patting of this aft, have been ufually holden under the faid denomination and in conformity to the rules prevailing among the faid focieties of free mafons.

VI.	Provided always, That this exemption (hail not extend to any fuch fociety, unlefs two of the members compofing the fame fhall certify uppn oath, (which oath any juftice of the peace or ether magiftrate is hereby empowered to adminifter), oath and de- ^iat: foch fociety or lodge has, before the palling of this aft, pofitfuchcer-been ufually held under the denomination of a Lodge of Free tificate within Mafons, and in conformity to the rules prevailing among the fo-wTtl^S^ckrb c*et*es or fo^ges °f free mafons in this kingdom ; which certitt-Gf the peace/ cate duly artehed by the magiftrate before whom the fame fhall with whom be fworn and fubferibed by the perfons fo certifying, fhall, with-the name of in the fpace of two calendar months after the paffing of this aft, th- names^of depofited Wlt^ the clerk of the peace for the county, ftewartry, the members riding, divifion, (hire, or place, where fuch fociety or lodge hath and the time ’ been ufually held : provided alfo, That this exemption (hall not and place of extend to any fuch fociety or lodge, unlefs the name or denomi-b/r-nhei*ed^ nat^on thereof, and the ufual place or places, and the time or yeai-]y	times of its meetings, and the names and deferiptions of all and

every the members thereof, be regiftered with fuch clerk of the peace as aforefaid, within two months after the paffing of this aft, and alfo on or before the twenty-fifth day of March in every fucceeding year.

VII.	And be it enafted. That the clerk of the peace, or the perfon afting in his behalf, in any fuch county, .ftewartry, riding, divifion, (hire, or place, is hereby authorifed and required to receive fuch certificate, and make fuch regiftry as aforefaid, and to enrol the fame among the records of fuch county, feffion yearly, ftewartry, riding, divifion, (hire, or place, and to lay the fame, der°^nyTod"e once *n evei7 year, before the general feflion of the juftices for ■c b fuch county, ftewartry, riding, divifion, fnire, or place; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the laid juftices, or for the major part of them, at any of their general feffions, if they fhall fo think fit, upon. Complaint made to them, upon oath, by any one or more credible perfons, that the continuance of the meetings of any fuch lodge or fociety is likely to be injurious to the publick peace and good order, to direft that the meetings of any fuch fociety or lodge within fuch county, ftewartry, riding, divifion, (hire, or place, fhall from thenceforth be discontinued; and any fuch meeting held, notwithftanding fuch order or difcontinuance, and before the fame fhall, by the like authority, be revoked, fhall be deemed an unlawful combination and confederacy under the pro-fions of this aft.

V III. And be it further enafted. That every perfon who, at any time after the paffing of this aft, fhall in breach of the pro-vifions thereof, be guilty of any fuch unlawful combination and confederacy, as in this aft is deferibed, fhall and may be proceeded againft for fuch offence in a fummary way, either before one or mere juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, ftewartry, riding, divifion, city, town, or place, where fuch perfon fhall

happen

Clerk of the peace to lay fuch certificate and regiftry before the general

to be discontinued, if likely to be injurious to the pu'olick peace.

How offenders may be proceeded againft,

Hosted by Google

3*3

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. happen to be, or by indiClment to be preferred in the county, riding, diviiion, city, town, or place* in England, wherein fuch offence fhali be committed, or by indictment in the court ofjuf-ticiary, or in any of the circuit courts in Scotland, if the offence {hall be committed in Scotland; and every perlon being convicted of any fuch offence, on the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, by fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid, fhali be by him or them committed to the common gaol or houfe of correction for fuch county, ftewartry, riding, divifion, city, town, or place, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for the term, of three calendar months, or fhali be by fuch juftice or juflices adjudged to forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, as to fuch juftice or juflices (hall feem meet; and in cafe fuch fum of money fhali not be forthwith paid into the hands of fuch juflice or juflices, he or they fhali by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, caule the fame to be levied by dif-trefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, together with all cofts and charges attending fuch diflrefs and fale, and, for want of fufticient diftrels, (hall commit fuch offender to the common gaol or houfe of correction of fuch county, flewartry, riding, divifion, city, town, or place, as aforefaid, for any time not exceeding three calendar months; and every perfon convicted of any fuch offence upon indictment by due courfe of law, {hall and may be tranfported for the term of (even years, in the manner provided by law for tranfportation of offenders, or im-prifoned for any time not exceeding two years, as the court before whom fuch offender fhali be tried fhali think fit'; and every fuch offender, who (hall be ordered to be tranfported, fhali be fubjeCl and liable to all laws concerning offenders ordered to be tranfported.

IX.	Provided always. That it fhali be lawful for the juftice or juftices of the peace, by or before whom any perfon fhali, in purfuance of this aCl, be conviCted of any unlawful combination or confederacy, and fuch juflice and juftices is and are hereby authorifed and empowered (if he or they fhali fee caufe) to mitigate and leffen the puniftnnent herein- before direded to be inflicted upon any offender againft this aCl, fo convi&edas aforefaid, fo as the puni(hment be not thereby reduced to lefs than one third of the punifhment hereby directed to be inflicted as aforefaid, whether fuch punifhment fhali be by imprifonment or fine.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That any perfon who fhali be profecuted before any juftice or juftices of the peace, in a fummary way, for any offence againft this a Cl, and fhali be conviCled or acquitted by fuch juftice or juftices, fhali not afterwards be profecuted, or be liable to be profecuted, by indiClment or otherwife, for the fame offence; and fo in like manner any perfon who fhali be convicted or acquitted upon any indiClment for any offence againft this aCl, fhali not afterwards be profecuted, or be liable to be profecuted before any juftice or juftices of the peace, in a fummary way, for the fame offence*

XI. Pro-

and how punifhed.

Juflices may mitigate pu-nifhment.

Perfons profecuted either before a juftice, or indi<ft> ed, not liable to other pro-fecution.

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

3*4

Offenders may be indicted, if not profecuted

ftill liable to

profecution.

Penalty for

permitting

unlawful

meetings.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798.

XI.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained fhall extend to prevent an^ profecution by indiftment, or otherwife, for any thing which fhall be an offence within the intent and under thi^aCl. meaning of this a61, and which might have been fo profecuted if this a6t had not been made, unlefs the offender fhall have been profecuted for fuch offence under this aft, and convifted or acquitted of fuch offence ; fave only that no perfon fhall be profecuted for having been, before the paffing of this aft, a member of any fociety hereby declared to be an unlawful combination and confedracy, if fuch perfon fhall not in any manner have afted as a member of fuch fociety after the paffing of this aft. Perfons in XII. Provided always. That nothing herein contained fhall cuftody or on extend to difcharge any perfon in cuftody at the paffing of this finVuds^aCl	or	having	been	in cuftody; fhall have been discharged,

........	5	on bail or recognizance, from any profecution which might have

been had againft fuch perfon if this aft had not been made.

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That if any perfon fhall knowingly permit any meeting of any fociety hereby declared to be an unlawful combination or confederacy, or of any divifion, branch, or committee of fuch fociety, to be held in his or her houfe or apartment, fuch perfon fhall, for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds, and fhall, for any fuch offence committed after the date of his or her conviftion for fuch firft offence, be deemed guilty of an unlawful combination and confederacy in breach of this aft.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for Juftices on any two or more juftices of the peace afting for any county, unlawful11 ftewartry, riding, divifion, city, town, or place, upon evidence meeting being on oat^ that anY meeting of any fociety, hereby declared to be held, may an unlawful combinationand confederacy, or any meeting for any declare the feditious purpofe, hath been held, after the paffing of this aft, houfe for^ ^ at any houfe, roorrb or place, licenfed for the fale of ale, beer, feited. ’* wine, or fpirituous liquors, to adjudge and declare the licence

or licences for felling ale, beer, wine, or fpirituous liquors, granted to the perfon or perfons keeping fuch houfe, room, or place, to have been forfeited ; and the perfon or perfons fo keeping fuch houfe, room, or place, (hall, from and after the day of the date of fuch adjudication and declaration, be fubjeft and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures for any aft done after that day, which fuch perfon or perfons would be fubjeft and liable to, if fuch licence or licences had expired, or other-wife determined on that day.

XV.	And whereas divers places have of late been ufed for delivering lectures or dfcourfes, and holding debates, which are not within the provifions of the at7, pafjed in the thirty ffxth year of his Ma~ jeflfs reign, for the more effectually preventing feditious meetings and affemblies, but which lectures, difeourfes, or debates, have in many in-fiances been of a feditious and immoral nature; and other places have of late been ufed for feditious and immoral purpofes, under the pretence of being places of meeting for the purpofe of reading books, pamphletr, hewfpapers, or other publications $ be it further enafted, That

every

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regnitricefimo nor.o Georgii III. c. 79.	315

every houfe, room, field, or other place, at or in which any lec- Every place ture or difcourfe fhall be publickly delivered, or any pulick debate of le&uring, fhall be had on any fubjed whatever, for the purpofe of raffing debating^or or colleding money, or any other valuable thing from the per-fons admitted, or to which any perfon (hall be admitted by pay- of raifing ment of money, or by any ticket or token of any kind delivered money, to be in confideration of money or any other valuable thing, or in deemed difor-confequence of paying or giving, or having paid or given, or p^oiTfly li-having agreed to pay or give, in any manner, any money or other denied, valuable thing, or where any money or other valuable thing fhall be received from any perfon admitted either under pretence of paying for any refrelhment or other thing, or under any other pretence, or for any other caufe, or by means of any device or contrivance whatever; and every houfe, room, orplace, which (hall be opened or ufed as a place of meeting, for the purpofe of reading books, pamphlets, newfpapers, or other publications, and to which any perfon (ball be admitted by payment of money, or by any ticket or token of any kind delivered in confideration of money or other valuable thing, or in confe-quence of paying or giving, or having paid or given, or having agreed to pay or give, any money or other valuable thing, or where any money or other valuable thing (hall be received from any perfon admitted either under pretence of paying for any re-frefhment or other thing, or under any other pretence, or for any other caufe, or by means of any device or contrivance whatever; (hall be deemed a diforderly houfe or place within the intent and meaning of the faid ad, parted in the thirty-llxth year of his Majefty’s reign, for the more effectually preventing fediti-ous meetings and aflemblies, unlefs the fame (hall have been previoufly licenfed in manner herein-after mentioned ; and the Penalty on perfon by whom fuch houfe, room, field, or place, fhall be open- perfons opened or ufed, for any of the purpofes afore faid, (hall forfeit the jj|fufesc*lcon fum of one hundred pounds, for every day or time that fuch du&ing the' houfe, room, field, or place, fhall be opened or ufed as aforefaid, proceedings, to fuch perfon as will fue for the fame, and be otherwife punifhed debating, as the law direds in cafes of diforderly houfes; and every perfon	-n

managing or conducing the proceedings, or ading as modera- orcolle&l^g** tor, prefident, or chairman, at fuch houfe, room, field, or plaice, money for fo opened or ufed as aforefaid, or therein debating, or delivering ad million, any difcourfe or ledure, or furnffliing or delivering any book, ^c* pamphlet, newfpaper, or other publication as aforefaid ; and alfo every perfon, who fhall pay, give, collet, or receive, or agree to pay, give, colled, or receive any money, or any thing, for or in refped of the admiflion of any perfon into any fuch houfe, room, field, or place, or fhall deliver out, diftribute, or receive any fuch ticket or tickets, or token or tokens as aforefaid, knowing fuch houfe, room, field, or place to be opened or ufed for any fuch purpofe as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That any perfon who fhall Perfon ap-at any time hereafter appear, ad, or behave him or herfeif as ^ftTfliable

mafter profecu-

Hosted by Google

316 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798.

tion, although mafter or miftrefs, or as the perfon having the command, go-not the real vernment, or management of any fuch houfe, room, field, or the ho*ufe°** P^ace as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and taken to be a perfon by whom the fame is opened or ufed as aforefaid, and fhall be liable to be fued or profecuted, and punifhed as fuch, notwithftand-ing he or flic be not in fad the real owner or occupier thereof. Juftices, by XVII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful information for any juftice or juftices of the peace of any county, ftewartry, re (ft ins any' c'ty? borough, town, or place, who (hall, by information upon place is open- oath, have reafon to fufped that any houfe, room, field, or td for le<ftur- place, or any parts or part thereof, are or is opened or ufed for ing, &c. may the purpofe of delivering ledures or difeourfes, or for publick nfittance*1 and ^e^ate> or f°r purpofe of reading books, pamphlets, newf~ if raufed, the papers, or other publications, contrary to the provifions of this place to be ad, to go to fuch houfe, room, field, or place, and demand to deemed dif- be admitted therein ; and in cafe fuch juftice or juftices fhall the perfons fo re^u^e<a admittance to fuch houfe,. room, field, or place, or refuting to any part thereof, the fame (hall be deemed a diforderly houfe or forfeit aol. place, within the intent and meaning of this a<51, and of the faid recited act of the thirty-fixth year aforefaid ; and all and every the provifions herein-before and in the faid recited ad, contained, refpeding any houfe, room, field or place, therein or hereinbefore declared to be a diforderly houfe or place, (hall be applied to fuch houfe, room, field, or place, where fuch admittance fhall have been refuted as aforefaid; and every perfon refufing fuch admittance (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

Juftices in XVIII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaded, That it

feffion may (]lap ]awfui for two or more juftices of the peace for the

grant licences	.	.	,	J	. r ,

for le<fturing county, itewartry, city, borough, town, or place, where any

or readmg, houfe, room, or other building, (hall be intended to be opened

and may re- for any 0f the purpofes aforefaid, by writing under their hands

voke them. ancj foals, at their general feftions of the peace, or at any fpe-

cial feftion to be held for the particular purpofe to grant a licence

to any perfon or perfons defiring the fame, to open fuch houfe,

room, or other building, for the purpofe of delivering for money

any fuch ledures or difeourfes as aforefaid, on any fubjeds, the

fame being clearly exprefled in fuch licence, or for the purpofe

of reading books, pamphlets, newfpapers, or other publications;

for which licence a fee of one (hilling, and no mere, (hall be paid,

and the fame fhall be in force for the fpace of one year, and no

longer, or for any lefs fpace of time, therein to be fpecified ; and

which licence it fhall be lawful for the juftices of the peace of

the fame county, ftewartry, city, borough, town, or place, at

any general feftions of the peace, to revoke and declare void,

and no longer in force, by any order of fuch juftices; a copy

whereof (hall be delivered to, or ferved upon the perfon to

whom the faid licence fo revoked fhall have been granted, or

fhall be left at the houfe, room, or building, for which fuch li- ->

cence (hall have been granted, and thereupon fuch licence fhall

ceafe and determine, and be thenceforth utterly void and of no

effed.

XIX. Pro-

Hosted by Google

1798-] AflnO regnt tricefmio nono Georgii III. c. 79.	317

XIX.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That it (hall be Juftices may lawful for any juftice or juftices of the peace of any county, ^bTtance^ ftewartry, city, borough, town, or place, where any fuch houfe, any licenfed room, or other building (hall be licenfed, as herein provided, to place, and if go to fuch houfe, room, or building, fo licenfed, at the time of refufed it (hall delivering any fuch leisure or difcourfe therein as aforefaid, or

at the time appointed for delivering any fuch ledture or difcourfe, and theperfon or whilft fuch houfe, room, or building (hall be qpened or ufed, f0 refuting or during the time appointed for ufing the fame as a place for ftiall forfeit reading books, pamphlets, newfpapers, or other publications as 2o1* aforefaid, and demand to be admitted therein ; and in cafe fuch juftice or juftices (ball be refufed admittance to fuch houfe, room, or building, the fame {hall be deemed, notwirhftanding any fuch licence as aforefaid, a diforderly houfe or place, within the meaning of this a61; and all and every the provifions herein-be-fore contained, refpe&ing any houfe, room, field, or place, here-in-before declared to be a diforderly houfe or place, (hall be applied to fuch houfe, room, or building fo licenfed as aforefaid, where fuch admittance {hall have been refufed as aforefaid; and every perfon refufing fuch admittance {hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it enadfed, That it {hall be lawful Juftices on for any two juftices of the peace adfing for any county, ftew- evidence on artry, riding, divifion, city, town, or place, upon evidence, on pcenfe^place oath, that any houfe, room, or place, fo licenfed and opened as ufed for aforefaid, is commonly ufed for the purpofe of delivering there Ie&ures of a le&ures or difeourfes of a feditious or immoral tendency, or that feditious or books, pamphlets, newfpapers, or other publications of a fediti-

ous or immoral nature, are there commonly kept and delivered may declare to be read, to adjudge and declare the licence for opening the the licence fame to have been forfeited; and fuch licence {hall thereupon forfeited, ceafe and determine, and lhall thenceforth be utterly void and of no eft'edf.

, XXI. Provided alfo, That every houfe, room, or place, li- Every ale-cenfed for the fale of ale, beer, wine, or fpirituous liquors, {hall houfe, See. to alfo be deemed a houfe or place licenfed for the purpofe of read- ^enfe^fbr ing books, pamphlets, and other publications, within the intent reading; but and meaning of this a61; but neverthelefs it (hall be lawful to juftices or «nd for any two or more juftices of the peace for the county, evidence on ftewartry, riding, divifion, city, borough, town, or place, where diUous^or e“ fuch houfe, room, or place (hall be, upon evidence on oath that immoral pub-books, pamphlets, or other publications of a feditious or immoral lications arc nature, are ufually diftributed for the purpofe of being read at read, may de-fuch houfe, room, or place, to adjudge and declare the licence ^nce^or^" or licences for felling ale, beer, wine, or fpirituous liquors, under felted, the authority whereof fuch houfe, room, or place, lhall be ufed for the purpofe of felling ale, beer, wine, or fpirituous liquors, to have been forfeited, and the perfon or perfons fo keeping luch houfe, room, or place, {hall, from and after the day of the date of fuch adjudication and declaration, be fubjedf and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures which fuch perfon or per-

ions

Hosted by Google

318

the inns of court, or by the pro-fefiors in Grefham col-lege.

Payments to ichool matters not deemed payments for ad mi Hi on to lectures.

Anno regni tricefimo rlono Georgii til. c. 79* [1798L

Tons would be fubjeft and liable to, if fuch licence or licences had expired, or otherwife determined, on that day, for any aft done after that day.

Not to extend XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained delivfrecl in	extend	or	be conftrued to extend, to any lefture or dif-

the univerfi- courfes to be delivered in any of the univerfities of thefe king-ties, or the doms by any member thereof, or any perfon authorifed by the hall of any of chancellor, vice chancellor, or other proper officers of fuch univerfities refpeftively, or to any lefture or difcourfe to be delivered in the public hall of any of the inns of court or chancery, by any perfon authorifed by the benchers of the inns of court* or by the profeffors in Grejham college; and that no payment made to any fchoolmafter or other perfon by law allowed to teach and inftruft youth, in refpeft of any leftures or difcourfes delivered by fuch fchoolmafter or other perfon, for the inftruftion only of fuch youth as {hall be committed to his inftruftion, fhall be deemed a payment of money for admiflion to fuch leftures or difcourfes, within the intent and meaning of this aft.

XXIII.	And whereas many focietieSy eJlabUJhed of late years for treafonable and feditious purpofes9 and efpecially the faid focieties of United Englifhmen, United Scotfmen, United Irifhmen, and United Britons, and the faid, fociety called The London Correfpond-* ing Society, and other correfponding focieties, have at various times canfed to be publijhedy in great quantities, divers printed papers of an irreligious, treafonable, andfeditious nature, tending to revile our holy religion, and to bring the profejfion and worfhip thereof into con-tempt among the ignorant, and alfo to excite hatred and contempt of his Majefys royal perfon, government, and laws9 and of the happy conjlitution of thefe realms, as by law eftablifed9 and utterly to eradicate all principles of religion and morality; and fuch focieties have difperfed fuch printed papers among the lower clajfes of the community, either gratis, or at very low prices^ and with an activity and profu-ficn beyond all former example: and whereas all perfons printing or publijhing any papers or writings are by law anjwerable for the contents thereof but fuch refponfibility hath of late been in a great de~ gree eluded by the fecret printing and publication of fuch feditiousy im-moral, and irreligious papers or writings as aforefaid9 and it is there-fore highly important to the publick peace that it fhould in future be known by whom any fuch papers Jhall be printed; be it enafted. That, from and after the expiration of forty days from the day of paffing this aft, every perfon having any printing prefs, or in the annexed types for printing, fhall caufe a notice thereof, figned in the fchedule to prefence of and attefted by one witnels, to be delivered to the the clerk of clerk of the peace afting for the county, ftewartry, riding, divi-who^fhatt* ^lon’ Clty> borough, town, or place, where the fame fhall be intrant a certi- tended to be ufed, or his deputy, according to the form predicate, and fije fcribed in the fchedule hereunto annexed; and fuch clerk of the the notice, / peace, or deputy refpeftively, fhall, and he is hereby autho-r^ec* anc* reclu^re^ to grant a certificate in the form prefcribed in the fchedule hereunto annexed, for which fuch clerk of the peace, or deputy, fhall receive the fee of one (hilling, and no

more.

Printers to give a notice in the form

copy to the iecretary of (late.

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii IJT. c. 79.	319

more, and fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, (hall file fuch

notice, and tranfmit an attefted copy thereof to one of his Ma-

jefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate; and every perfon who, not Penalty of

having delivered fuch notice, and obtained fuch certificate as for keep-

aforefaid, (hall, from and after the expiration of forty days next

after the patting of this ad, keep or ufe any printing prefs or notiCe, or

types for printing, or having delivered fuch notice, and obtained ufingthemin

fuch certificate as aforefaid, (hall ufe any printing prefs or types any place not

for printing in any other place than the place expretted in fuch ^

notice, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall Not to extend

extend to his Majefty’s printers for England and Scotland^ or t0 jefty’s prin-the public prettes belonging to the univerfities of Oxford and Jters, ol- the Cambridge refpedively.	univerfities in

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the England,

expiration of forty days after the patting of this ad, every per- Letter found-fon carrying on the bufinefs of a letter founder, or maker or	f

feller of types for printing, or of printing prettes, (hall caufe makenfto notice of his or her intention to carry on fuch bufinefs to be de- give a notice, livered to the clerk of the peace of the county, ftewartry, riding, in the form divifion, city, borough, town, or place, where fuch perfon (hail ^ fch^ule*" propofe to carry on fuch bufinefs, or his deputy, in the form to t£e clerJc’ prescribed in the fchedule to this ad annexed ; and fuch clerk 0f the peace, of the peace, or his deputy, (hall, and he is hereby authorifed who (hall and required thereupon to grant a certificate in the form alfo a prefcribed in the faid fchedule, for which fuch cleric of the peace, the notice, C or his deputy, (hall receive a fee of one (hilling, and no more, and tranfmit and (hall file fuch notice, and tranfmit an attefted copy thereof an attefted

to one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of date; and every perfon who (hall, after the expiration of the faid forty days, a y 0 carry on fuch bufinefs, or make or fell any type for printing, Penalty of or printing prefs, without having given fuch notice, and ob~ aol. for car-

tained fuch certificate, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty °J} fuctl

,	J	bufineiles

Pounds'	.	without giv-

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That every perfon who ing notice.

(hall fell types for printing, or printing prettes, as aforefaid, An account (hall keep a fair account in writing, of all perfons to whom any to be kept of fuch types or prettes (hall be fold, and (hall produce fuch accounts types and to any juftice of the peace who (hall require the fame ; and if fold fuch perfon (hall neglect to keep fuch account, or (hall refufe to ^ndto be pro-produce the fame to any fuch juftice, on demand in writing to duced when infped the fame, fuch perfon (hall forfeit and lofe, for fuch of- required, on fence, the fum of twenty pounds.	penalty of

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the * expiration of forty days after the palling of this ad, every per- ancf abode of fon who (hall print any paper or book whatfoever, which (hall the printer to be meant or intended to be publilhed or difperfed, whether the be printed on fame (hall be fold or given away, (hall print upon the front ofevefy PaPer every fuch paper, if the fame (hall be printed on one fide only, pena°°yM0f U and upon the firft and lad leaves of every paper or book which aoi#

(hall confift of more than one leaf, in legible characters, his or

her

Hosted by Google

to papers printed by authority of parliament. Printers to keep a copy

32° Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798;

her name, and the name of the city, town, parilh, or place, and alfo the name (if any) of the fquare, ftreet, lane, court, or place, in which his or her dwelling houfe or ufual place of abode fhall be ; and every perfon who fhall omit fo to print his name and place of abode on every fuch paper or book printed by him, and alfo every perfon who (hall publifh or difpeife, or affift in pub-lifhing or difperfing, either gratis or for money, any printed paper or book, which fhail have been printed after the expiration of forty days from the paffing of this a6t, and on which the name and place of abode of the perfon printing the fame (hall not be printed as aforefaid, fhall, for every copy of fuch paper fo publifhed or difperfed by him, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

Not to extend XXVIII. And be it further enacfted, That nothing in this adf contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any papers printed by the authority and for the ufe of either houfe of parliament.

XXIX.	And be it further enadled, That every perfon who, from and after the expiration of forty days after the paffing of

of every paper	thjs fliall print any paper for hire, reward, gain, or profit,

and^write*	fhall carefully preferve and keep one copy (at leaft) of every

thereon the	paper fo printed by him or her, on which he or fhe fhall write,

name and	or caufe to be written or printed, in fair and legible characters,

abode ot their the name ancj place of abode of the perfon or perfons by whom emp yer.	or (he (hall ^ emp]0yecj to print the fame; and every perfon

Pr^nt^nS anY PaPer for hire, reward, gain, or profit, who fhall or refufmVto omit or negledt to write, or caufe to be written or printed as produce the aforefaid, the name and place of his or her employer on one of fuch printed papers, or to keep or preferve the fame for the fpace of fix calendar months next after the printing thereof, or to produce and fhevv the fame to any juftice of the peace, who, within the laid fpace of fix calendar months, fhall require to fee the fame, fhall, for every fuch omiffion, neglect, or refufal, forfeit and lole the fum of twenty pounds.

XXX.	And be it further enacled, That it (hall be lawful for any perfon, to whom or in whofe prefence any printed paper,

the^nameand1 not having the name and place of abode of any perfon printed abode of the thereon, in manner herein-before directed, or having a fkftitious or falfe name or place of abode printed thereon, fhall be fold, or offered for fale, or (ball be delivered gratis, or offered fo to be, or fhall be pafted, fixed, or left in any publick place, or in any whether'they other manner expofed to publick view, to feize and detain the have offended perfons fo felling or offering to fell, or delivering or offering to deliver, or parting, fixing, or leaving in any publick place, or in any other manner expofing to publick view, any fuch printed paper as aforefaid, and forthwith to take and convey him or her before fome juftice of the peace for the county, ftewartry, riding, divilion, city, borough, town, or place, where fuch perfon fhall be feized, or to deliver him or her to fome conftable or other peace officer, to be taken and conveyed before fuch juftice as aforefaid, to the intent that fuch juftice may hear and determine

whether

copy within fix months

Perfons felling, Szc. any

printer, may be taken before a juftice to determine

againit this ad,

Hosted by Google

179S.] AnnoregnitricefimononoGEORGii III. c. 79.	321

whether fuch perfon hath been guilty of any offence againft this ad.

XXXI.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall Not to extend „ extend to the impreffion of any engraving, or to the printing by to imprefijons letter prefs, of the name, or the name and addrefs, or bufinefs ^

or profeffion, of any perfon, and the articles in which he deals, jng names and or to any papers for the fale of eftates or goods by audion, or addreffes, otherwife.	&c- >

XXXII.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained fhall nor to alter extend, or be conftrued to extend, to alter or vary any rule, re- anY PJ*?'nrions gulation, or provifion contained in any ad of parliament now in newfpapers. force refpeding the printing, publifhing, or diftributing any

printed newfpaper, or other printed paper,

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That if anyjuftice of A Juftice may the peace, ading for any county, ftewartry, riding, divition, city, eekoecer borough, town, or place, fhall, from information upon oath, have to^rch for reafon to fufped that any printing prefs or types for printing is prefids and or are ufed or kept for ufe without notice given and certificate types he fuf-obtained as required by this ad, or in any place not included in t0u^edll~ fuch notice and certificate, it fhall be lawful for fuch juftice, by ^ ffze’ warrant under his hand and feal, to dired, authorife, and em- them and the power any conffable, petty conftable, borfholder, headborough, printed papers -or other peace officer, in the day time, with fuch perfon or per- founci*

Tons as fhall be called to his affiftance, to enter into any fuch houfe, room, and place, and fearch for any printing prefs or types for printing; and it (hall be lawful for every iuch peace officer, with fuch affiftance as aforefatd, to enter into fuch houfe, room, or place, in the day time accordingly, and to feize, take, and carry away, every printing prefs found therein, together with all the types and other articles thereto belonging, and ufed in printing, and all printed papers found in fuch houfe, room, or place.

XXXIV.	Provided always, That no perfon fhall be profe- Profecutions

cuted or fued for any penalty impofed by this ad, uniefs fuch to be com.” . profecution fhall be commenced, or fuch action fhall be brought, three months1 within three calendar months next after fuch -penalty fhall have at‘ttr penalty been incurred.	is incurred.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded, That any pecuniary pe- Recovery of nalty impofed by this ad, exceeding the fum of twenty pounds, penalties, may be fued for and recovered, by any perfon who will fue for

the fame, by adion of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejhninjler, if fuch penalty (hall have been incurred in England ox Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majefty’s court of exchequer in Scotland, if fuch penalty fhall have been incurred in Scotland, in which adion it fhall be fufficient to declare or alledge that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the fum of twenty pounds, (being the fum demanded by fuch adion), being forfeited by an ad, made and paffecl in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his majetty King George the Third, intituled, An aft [Here fet forth the title of the afl], and the plaintiff*, if he fhall recover in any fuch adion,

Vol. XLII,	Y	fhall

Hosted by

Google

312 Anno regni tricefuno nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798.

fhall have his full cofts ; and any pecuniary penalty impofed by this adt, and not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds, and for the recovery whereof no proviiion is herein-before contained, fhall and may be recovered before any juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, ftewartry, riding, divifion, city, town, or place, in which the fame fhall be incurred, or the perfon having incurred the fame fhall happen to be, in a fummary way; and in cafe luch laft mentioned penalty fhall not be forthwith paid, fuch juftice or juftices fhall, by warrant under his or their hand and fcal, or hands and feals, and diredted to any conftable or other peace officer, caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, together with all cofts and charges attending fuch diftrefs and fale ; and in cafe no Efficient diftrefs can be had or made, fuch juftice or juftices fhall commit the offender to the common gaol or houfe of corredlion for fuch county, ftewartry, riding, divifion, city, borough, town, or place, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding fix calendar months, nor lefs than three calendar months.

Application of XXXVI. And be it further enadted, That all pecuniary pe-penalties. nalties and forfeitures impofed by this adt fhall, when recovered, either by adlion in any court, or in a fummary way before any juftice, be applied and difpofed of in manner herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay, One moiety thereof to the plaintiff in any fuch adtion, or the informer, before any juftice, and the other moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors. Limitation of XXXVII. And be it further enadied, That every adtion and actions.	fuit which fhall be brought or commenced againft any juftice or

juftices of the peace, conftable, peace officer, or other perfon or perfons, for any thing done or adted in purfuance of this adt, fhall be commenced within three calendar months next after the fad"t committed, and not afterwards; and the venue in every fuch adlion or fuit fhall be laid in the proper county where the fadt was committed, and not elfewhcre ; and the defendant or defendants in every fuch adlion or fuit fhall and may plead the General iffue. general iffue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if fuch adlion or fuit fhall be brought or commenced after the time limited for bringing the fame, or the venue fhall be laid in any other place than as i	aforefaid, then the jury fhall find a verdidt: for the defendant or

defendants ; and in fuch cafe, or if the jury fhall find a verdidt for the defendant or defendants upon the merits, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuit, or difcontinue his, her, or their adtion after appearance, or if upon demurrer judgement fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or Double cofts. defendants fhall have double cofts; which he or they fhall and may recover in fuch and the fame manner as any defendant can b}' law in' other cafes.

Convictions, XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That convictions by xh f rrrT any ju^ce or juftices of the peace, for offences againft this the annexed and adjudications of forfeitures of licences to be made in fthedule*	purfuance

Hosted by Google

3*3

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo aono GEORbu III. c. 79.

purfuance of this aft, and notices and certificates delivered and granted in purfuance of this aft, fhall or may be in the feveral forms fet forth for fuch purpofes refpeftively in the fchedule to this aft annexed.

XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That this a ft fhall and may be repealed in the whole, or in any part thereof, or in any titered this manner altered or amended, during the prefent fefiion of par- feffion. liament.

The SCHEDULE to which the annexed aft refers.

I.	FORM of convi Elion of an unlawful combination and confederacy.

M ? TJ E lt rememhered, That on this	day	of

to wit. $ -D in the	year	of	the reign of	A.	B. of'

is duly convifted before me, [or us],	of his

Majefty’s juftices of the peace for	in	purfuance	of an

aft of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Third, [fet forth the title of the aEl], for that the faid A. B. after the pafting of the faid aft, to wit, on	day	of	at

did, contrary to the faid aft, become a member of [ory at the cafe may be, aft as a member of, or maintain correfpon-dence or intercourfe with, or by contribution of money or other-wife, abet or fupport] a foeiety [defcribing the focietyf which fo-ciety is an unlawful combination and confederacy within the intent and meaning of the faid aft: wherefore I [or we] the faid do adjudge, that he the faid A. B. do pay [$r, be imprifoned] as a penalty for his offence, in purfuance of the faid aft.

Given under my hand and feal [or our hands and fealsj, this day of	in	the	year of our Lord and

in the year of the reign of his majefty King

II.	FORM of adjudicature offorfeiture of licence to fell ale, &c.

M 7 TTJE it remembered. That on this	day	of

to wit. j jLJ in the	year	of	the	reign	of	his	prefent

Majefiy, A, B. of	being	a	perfon	licenfed	to	fell	[as the

cafe may be\ is duly convifted before us, two of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county of	in	purfuance	of an

aft of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of	[fet	forth	the title

of the aEt\ for that he the faid A. B. on	at - did per-

mit a meeting of a foeiety [defcribing the foeiety], which is an unlawful combination and confederacy within the intent and meaning of the faid aft, to be held at	being	the	houfe	[as the

cafe may be] of the faid A. B. wherein he the faid A% B. is licenfed to fell [as the cafe may be]: wherefore, we the faid	do ad-

Y 2	judge

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii I1L c. 79. [1798.

judge and declare that the licence [or, licences, as the cafe may be] is [or, are] for fuch offence forfeited.

Given under our hands and feals, this day of	in

the year of our Lord	and	in	the	year	of	the

reign of his majefty King

III. Form of conviftion of having or ufmg a printing prefix or types for printing without notice, or ufmg the fame in a place not fpe-cified in fuch notice, or not keeping accounts as required by the aft, or any other offence againjl the aft*

M

7 T) E it remembered, That on this to wit. 3 -D in the

day of

year of the reign of	A.	B. of

is duly convidted before me [or us]	of	his

Majefty ?s juftices of the peace for	in purfuance of an

a<5f of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Third, [fet forth the title of the aft], for that the faid A. B. on the day of	at	did, contrary to the faid adf,

keep [or, ufe, as the cafe may be] a printing prefs [or types for printing; or, carrying on the bufinefs of a letter founder, or, maker or feller of types, or printing prefles], not having given fuch notice, and obtained fuch certificate, as by the faid act is required, or in	-being a place not fpecified in any

notice given by theiaid A. B. in purfuance of the faid adl, whereupon he had obtained fuch certificate, as by the faid adt is required ; or, not keeping an account of a perfon to whom the faid A. B. fold printing types, or, a printing prefs, as the cafe may be\ or, not printing his name, &c. as the cafe may require; or, not keeping a copy of a paper printed by him for hire, reward, gain, or profit,to wit a paper [dejcribing it] which the faid A. B. printed, tsfr. or, not producing a copy of a paper printed, &c, or fpecifying any other offence againft the aft, and the time and place when and where the fame was committed]: wherefore I [or we] the faid do adjudge that he the faid A. B. do pay the fum of	as	a

penalty for his offence, in purfuance of the laid adt.

Given under our hands and feals, this	day	of

in the year of our Lord	and	in	the	year	of	the

reign of his rnajefty King

IV.	FORM of notice to the clerk of the peace, that any perfon keeps any printing prefs or types for printing.

To the clerk of the peace for	[here	infert	the	county,

Jhwartry, tiding, divifton, city, borough, town, or place], or his deputy.

I A. B. of	do	hereby	declare,	That	I	have	a	print-

ing prefs and types for printing, which I propofe to ufe for printing, within	[tf* the cafe may requireJ, and which I

require

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III, c. 79.

require to be entered for that purpofe, in purfuance of an a£1, palfed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, [ fet forth the title of the a£l],

Witnefs my hand this	day	of

Signed in the prefence ? of	$

V.	FORM of certificate that notice has been given of a printing prefs, or types for printing.

I	clerk [or deputy clerk] of the peace for

do hereby certify, That A. B. of	hath	delivered to

me a notice in writing, appearing to be figned by him, and at-tefted by C. D. as a witnefs to his figning the fame, that he the faid A. B. hath a printing prefs and types for printing, which he propofes to ufe for printing, within	and	Which	he	has

required to be entered purfuant to an aft, palled in the thirty-ninth year of his Majefty’s reign, [fet forth the title of the afl]. Witnefs my hand, this	day	of

yi*. FORM of notice to the clerk of the peace, that any perfon carries on the buftnefs of a letter founder, or maker or feller of types for printingy or of printing preffes.

To the clerk of the peace for [as the cafe ?nay be], or his deputy.

I A. B. of	do	hereby declare that I intend to carry

on the bufinefs of a letter founder or maker or feller of types for printing, or of printing prefTes, [as the cafe jnay be], at and I hereby require this notice to be entered in purfuance of an a<ft, palled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, [fet forth the title of the afi].

Signed in the prefence ) of	i

VII.	FORM of certificate that the above notice has been given.

IG. H. clerk [or deputy clerk] of the peace for [as.- the cafe may be] do hereby certify, That A. B. of	hath	de-

livered to me a notice in writing, appearing to be figned by him, and attefted by E. F. as a witnefs to his jfigning the fame* that he intends to carry on the bufinefs of a letter founder, or maker or feller of types for printing, or of printing preffes, at and which notice he has required to be entered in purfuance of an a<ft of the thirty-ninth year of his majefty King George the Third, [fet forth the title of the a5fj.

Witnefs my hand, this day of

y *	CAP,

Hosted by Google

326 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 80, [1798.

Preamble.

From Aug. i, 7799 no Bri-tifli veflel (hall carry Haves from the coaft of Africa, un-Iefs entered for that pur. pofe at the port of clearance.

The whole fpace between decks of fuch veffels fhall be allotted for the flaves; and after two thirds of the complement of flaves are

The fpace allotted for flaves to be five feet high.

Veflels of one deck (hall have a falfe deck fixed in the hold.

No vdfel to clear out till the proper officer of the cultoms fhall have admea-fared it as herein de-(cribed, and certified the fame to the colleftor.

CAP. LXXX.

An aft for better regulating the manner of carrying flaves, in Britifh vejfels , from the coaji of Africa.—[July 12, 1799. J

WHEREAS it is expedient, to regulate the flipping and carrying flaves, in Britifh vejfels, from the coaji ^Africa; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of Augujl next after the pafling of this act, it (hall not be lawful for any mafter or other perfon taking or having the charge or command of any Britifl) (hip or veflel whatever, which (ball clear out from any port of this kingdom, to take or have on board, or to convey, carry, bring, or tranfport flaves from the coaft of Africa to any part beyond fea, in any fuch fhip or veflel, unlefs fuch {hip or veflel (hall, at the time of her fo clearing out, have tifeeri entered for fuch purpofe at the cuftom houfe of the port from whence fuch (hip or veflel cleared out.

II. And be it further enabled,That in every fuch fhip or veflel, the whole fpace between decks fhall be allotted and properly prepared for the reception of fuch flaves; and that after any fuch {hip or veflel {hall have taken two third parts of her complement of flaves on board, in the proportion hcrein-after to be limited, no goods, wares, merchandize, or {lores, fhall ever be (lowed or put in any fuch place in which any fuch flaves {hall be. taken on board, no ilowage to be put in the place allotted for them.

III.	And be it further enabled, That in every fuch (hip or veffel, the laid fpace between decks fo allotted for the reception of flaves (hall be, in every part throughout the whole length and breadth thereof, of the full and complete perpendicular height of five feet, meafuring from the upper furface of the lower deck to the under furface of the upper deck.

IV.	And whereas flips or vejfels having only one deck, are fame-times ufed for flapping and carrying flaves from the coaji 0/" Africa, be it further enafted, That in all fuch veflels 3 falfe deck fhall be fixed in the hold for the reception of the (laves; which (hall be taken and confidered as her lower deck for the purpofes of this aft.

V.	And be it further enafted. That no (hip or veflel (hall be permitted to clear out from any port in Great Britain, for the purpofe of (hipping and carrying flaves from Africa, until the proper officer of the cuftoms at fuch port fhall have examined and aerneafured fuch fhip or veflel, and fhall have certified in writing to the collector of his -Majefty’s cuftoms at fuch port, the height between decks, and alfo the extreme length and breadth, in feet and inches, of the lower deck of the faid veflel; which length and breadth, being multiplied together, the produft

fhall

Hosted by Google

32T

*798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 80.

fhall be deemed and confidered to be the true fuperficial contents of the faid deck; and the faid contents fo obtained, being divided by eight, the quotient in whole numbers fhall ex-prefs the greateft number of flaves which the faid veffels fhall be permitted to have on board at any one time (for which certificate he fhall be entitled to demand and receive the fum of ten fhillings from the matter or owner of the faid veffel); and the faid certi- Certificate to ficate, verified as to the calculation of the number to be taken ^/clearance on board by the examination and fignature of the colledlor, fhall aTlcj produced be annexed to the clearance of the faid veffel, and fhall be pro- before any duced therewith to the colledtor or comptroller, or other proper Have fhall be officer of the cuftoms, at every port in the Weft Indies or America,lande(i• belonging to his Majefty, at which the faid veffel fhall arrive, before any Have or Haves fhall be permitted to be landed out of the faid veffel at any fuch port.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That every fuch fhip or veffel, Veffels to have previous to her being cleared out, fhall have painted in white or

yellow letters, of a length not lei's than four inches, upon a black words ground, on fome confpicuous part of her ttern (provided there ‘Allowed to fhall be fufncient fpace for that purpofe, but if not, in letters as carry Slaves,’ large as the fpace will admit) the words cAllowed to carry Slaves,5 the number of Haves expreffed in the licence annexed to the clear- permitted to ance of the faid veffel being added thereto, in figures of the fame carry, length and colour.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall not be lawful ^^]esr^0°for

for any matter or other perfon taking or having the charge or com- „0j for *

mand of any fuch fhip or veffel, to take or have on board at any every Have

one time, or to convey, carry, bring, or tranfport flaves from the exceeding the

coatt of Africa to any part beyond the fea, in any fuch (hip or veffel. Proportion of J	fr J •	5.	/ rfnr one Have for

in any greater number than in proportion of one lucb Have ror every cight

every eight fquare feet of the fuperficial contents of the lower fquare feet of deck of Inch fhip or veffel, alcertained as herein-before directed; the lower and if any fuch matter or other perfon taking or having the charge deck, or command of any fuch fhip or veffel, (hall adt contrary hereto, fuch matter or other perfon as aforelaid fit all forfeit and pay the fum of thirty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, for each and every fuch Have exceeding in number the proportions herein-before limited, one moiety whereof fhall go to his Majetty, his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof fhall go to any perfon or perfons who fhall nrtt: fue for the fame.

VIII.	And whereas great mortality has been found to occur among the flaves from their having been flu bj cited to a confinement more than ufually cloje and feve re in confequencc of the iveaknefs of the crews of jome of the vejfels employed in tranjporting them: be it further en- KT acted, under the penalty afore faid. That it fhall not be lawful to nunfber'of carry away from the coatt: of Africa, on board any fuch (hip or (laves than in veffel, any greater number of Haves than in the proportion of ten theproportion to each of the mariners or other free perfons compollng the crew, °* 3.° cacil who fhall, at the time of clearing outwards for the voyage, be- p0{ing the ” long to the faid veffel, and be actually ferving on board thereof; crew fhall he and that all fuch feamen fhall fo remain until the arrival of the taken ou

y 4	raid	boarJ’

Hosted by Google

328 Annoregni trice(imo nono Georgii III. c. 80. [1798.

If more than two fifths of the (lives be children, five of the fur pi us ihall be deem-ed equal to four (laves.

No cargo of flaves, of whatever di-meniions the veil'd, (hall exceed 400.

not to extend.to the taking of flaves on board in cafes of (hipwreck, mutiny, or any di it re is of the veil'd.

faid veffel at her firft port of delivery in the Weji Indies, (death and unavoidable accidents only excepted).

IX.	Provided always, That if there fliall be in any fuch fhip or veffel any more than two fifth parts of the flaves who fliall be children, and who fhall not exceed four feet four inches in height, then every five fuch children over and above the aforefaid proportion of two fifths, fhall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the faid flaves, within the true intent and meaning of this adfl.

X.	Provided always, That the number of flaves taken or to be taken on board any veffel, of any meafurement whatfoever, in confluence of the regulations and allowances of this adl, fliall: in no cafe exceed four hundred.

XI.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained fliall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the cafe of 2 (hip taking on board anv number of flaves that lhail be found fliipwrecked,-or from on board any other fhip or veffel where, by reafon of mutiny or in-furredlion among the flaves or the crew, or by failure of hands, or by any a£fual diflrefs of the veffel, the mafler or commander fhall be difabled from governing the fhip or continuing the voyage, the proof of which (hall lie upon the mafler or other perfon having charge of fuch fhip or veflel fo taking on board fuch

Matters of veffcls- not to remove falfe decks for the reception of flaves, till fuch flaves are landed, on penalty of 200I.

flaves.

XII. And be it further enadted, That after the furveying officer (hall have examined and meafured any fhip or veffel hereinbefore directed, it (hall not be lawful for the mafler or owner thereof to remove, or caufe to be removed, any floor or falfe deck which fliall have been fixed in the hold for the reception of flaves, as herein- before directed, except for the purpofe of loading or unloading his faid veffel on the outward-bound voyage, or other unavoidable neceflity, or to do, or caufe or fuffer to be done, any other matter or thing whereby the height of the places or apartments allotted for the reception of flaves fliall be dimi-niflicd, until all the flaves which (hail have been taken cn board fuch (hip or veffel fliall have been difeharged or landed therefrom, under the penalty of two hundred pounds for every fuch

offence.

XIII. And be it further enabled, That on the arrival of any they land any ^*uc^ or veffel in any ifland in the Weft Indies belonging to flaves in the or under the dominion of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, Weft Indies, from the coaft of Africa, carrying or conveying any fuch flaves as to give in a aforefaid, the mafler or other perfon having or taking the charge raVion^o the^" or command °f fuch flhp veffel fhall, before any of the faid officer of the flaves (ball be unfhipped or landed from fuch fhip.or veffel, re-cuftomsof the pair to the neareft cuflom houfe, and there give in a written de-greatett num- daration to the colle&or or other chief officer of the cuftoms, permitted^ (w^° IS hereby required to accept and preferve the fame), of the be carried in greateft number of flaves permitted to be carried in fuch (hip or fuch veffds, veflel, and (hall at the fame time fliew to fuch officer the certificate annexed to the clearance thereof, and (hall alfo give in a written declaration to the faid officer (who is hereby required to accept and preferve the fame), containing an exa£t and true account

Hosted by Google

1798*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Grorgii III. c. 8o„	329

count of the greateft number of fuch flaves, (diftinguiflbing the

number of males and females, and fpecifying the number of fuch

flaves as fhall exceed the aforefaid height of four feet four

inches), who are or fhall have been at anyone time in or on

board fuch fhip or veffel, before, when, or after fuch fhip or

veffel quitted or departed from the coaft of Africa for that voyage;

and if fuch mailer or other perfon taking or having the charge and if they

or command of any fuch fhip or veffel, fhall unfhip or land, orJand &wes

fhall caufe to be unfhipped or landed, or fhall wilfully permit

fuller to be unfhipped or landed, any fuch Haves, contrary to the

true intent and meaning of this a£f, fuch mafter or other perfon

as aforefaid fhall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds

of lawful money of Great Britain, for every fuch offence, and one

moiety of the Paid forfeiture fhall go to his Majefty, his heirs and

fucceffors, and the other moiety fhall go to the perfon or perfons

who fhall firft fue for the fame; and it fhall and may be lawful for Officers of the

fuch collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms, and he is hereby cuftoms to

required, to fearch or to caufe fearch to be made in every part of count 0f the

fuch fhip or veftel, to fee and to take an account of the number of flaves on

fuch flaves on board fuch fhip or veffel, and to fpecify in fuch ac - board fuch

count the number of males and females, and alfo the number 0^^e^va^c'0f

flaves not exceeding four feet four inches in height, and withouta ^

delay to tranfmit fuch account, attefted under his hand and feal,

to the ccmmiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in London, under

the penalty of five hundred pounds.

XIV.	Provided always. That in cafe the faid collector or other Where there chief officer of the cuftoms fhall be abfent, or that there fhall be is n° °ftPer no fuch officer in any fuch ifland where the faid fhip fhall arrive°or^se

as aforefaid, or in cafe there fhall be no other officer of the revenue, civil officer then any civil officer in the faid ifland fhall be, and he is hereby to receive the authorifed and required, upon application as aforefaid, to receive declaration of and preferve the faid declaration of the burthen of luch fhip as^ma er> aforefaid, and to perform all the other duties aforefaid, which the faid colle&or or other chief officer of the cuftoms is hereby required to perform.

XV.	And be it further enadled, That if any perfon making any Penalty on declaration by this a£t authorifed or required to be made, fhall make falfe thereip be guilty of wilful falfehood, or if any perfon fhall procure ^eciaratlon* or fuborn any perfon to become guilty of fuch wilful falfehood,

every fuch perfon fhall be deemed guilty of a mifdemeanor, and fhall be punifhed by luch fine as the court, before whom fuch offender fhall have been tried and convi£fed, fhall think fit to order or adjudge, and alfo by imprifonment for any time not exceeding twelve nor lets than three calendar months, from the time of fuch fentence.

XVI.	And be it further enabled. That it fhall not be lawful No veffel to for the mafter or other perfon taking or having the charge or an^, command of any fuch fhip or veffel, to take or have on board enteredUfor 3 fuch fhip or veffel, or convey, carry, bring, or tranfport any that purpofe flaves from the coaft of Africa to any parts beyond the feas, in at clearing any fuch fhip or veffel as aforefaid, unlels the furgeon of or be- °e^g,tu°IfUn" longing to fuch fhip or veffel fhall have given bond to hiSgeon give*’

Majefty,bond to keep.

Hosted by Google

33°

a journal of the flaves during the voyage;

journal is to be delivered the officer of the culloms, at the. firft

Annoregni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 80. [1798.

Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and (hall have left the fame in the hands of the colle&or or comptroller of the cuftoms in the port from whence fuch fhip or veffel fhall depart for fuch voyage to the coaft of Africa, in the penal fum of one hundred pounds, with condition that fuch furgeon fhall keep a regular and true journal, containing an account of the greateft number of flaves which fhall have been at any time during fuch voyage on board fuch Chip or veffel, from the time of the arrival of fuch fhip or veffel on the coaft of Africa as aforefaid, until her arrival at the port of her delivery, diftinguifhing the number of males and females, and of the deaths of any fuch flaves or crew of the faid fhip or veffel, and of the caufe thereof, during the voyage, from the firft departure of the faid fhip or veffel to her arrival on the coaft of Africa, during her ftay on the faid coaft, and after her departure from thence to the faid port of delivery, or during fuch time as fuch furgeon fhall have been on board fuch fhip or veffel; and that the faid furgeon fhall deliver fuch journal to the col-ledor or other officer as aforefaid, at the firft Britifi port where fuch fhip or veffel fhall arrive after leaving the coaft of Africa^ and fhall deliver in a written declaration of the truth of fuch Britith port of journal, to the beft of his knowledge and belief, to fuch collector arnva , rc. or ot^er 0f£cer as aforefaid, who is hereby required to accept and Officer to de- preferve the fame; and fuch colle&or or other officer as afore-mafteraco ^ai^>	^lver t0	nia^er	or	other	perfon	as	aforefaid,

bf^iis^ecla-^ anc* t0 ^urgeon repe<5tively, copies of the declaration of fuch ration, and to mafter or other perfon, and of fuch furgeon as aforefaid, and alfo the furgeon a of the faid journal; which copies fhall feverally be attefted (as true ^ournaf and C0P'es) by fuch collector or other officer as aforefaid, under his transmit du- hand and leal, and duplicates of the faid copies (attefted in like plicates to the manner) fhall be tranfmitted by the faid collector or other chief comrniflioners officer to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in London;

and if fuch mafter or perfon taking or having the charge or command of any fuch fhip or veil'd fhall carry his cargo of flaves to, and land the whole or any part in any port or ports not fubjed to the crown of Great Britain, and (hall afterwards arrive at any Britijh ifland or port, having delivered the whole or any part of his faid cargo, fuch mafter or other perfon, and alfo the furgeon of fuch fhip or veffel, fhall make the fame declaration, deliver in the fame journal to, and take the fame oaths before the collectors or other chief officers of the cuftoms, or civil officer of the ifland or port, and receive the fame attefted certificate, in like manner as if he had firft arrived at fuch ifland or port; and if the laid fhip or veffel fhall not arrive at any Britif ifland or port before her return to Great Britain, then the faid mafter or other perfon, and furgeon, fhall make the faid declaration, deliver in the faid journal to, and take the faid oaths before the collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms of the port where they fhall firft land, which the colledor or chief officer is hereby empowered and required to receive and adminifter; and the faid colledor or other chief officer fhall forthwith tranfmitthe fame to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in London\ and if fuch mafter or furgeon fhall ad contrary hereto, fuch mafter or furgeon fhall,

for

of the cut toms.

Matters or furgeons acting contrary hereto, to forfeit 1 col.

Hosted by Google

1798*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 80.

for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof {hall go to his Majetty, his heirs or fuccefl'ors, and the other moiety thereof {hall go to any perfon or perfons who {hall fue for the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the matter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any fuch fhip or veflel, {hall be convxtted of any one of the faid offences before mentioned, and {hail not, within the fpace of fourteen days, pay or caufe the fame to be paid into the hands of the proper officer of the court wherein the offence fhall be profe-cuted, in order that the fame may be applied in manner herein directed, the amount of the penalty on fuch conviction, it fhall and may be lawful for any admiral or other commander at fea of any of the fhips of war or other fhips having commiffion from his Majetty, or from his heirs or fucceifors, or for any governor of any ifland or plantation to his Majetty belonging, in America or the Weft Indies, or for any officer or officers of his Ma-jetty’s cuttoms, to feize and detain the faid fhip or veflel wherever found, and to convey the fame to the cuttom houie neareft to the place where (he fhall be found, and the collector or other principal officer of the cuttoms of fuch cuttom houfe fhall, and he is hereby required to caufe every fuch (hip or veflel to be fold publickly by audtion, and the produce arifjng by fuch fale thereof, to apply towards fatisfying the faid penalty, and if there fhall remain any overplus, to pay the fame over to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall prove his, her, or their property therein, or to his, her, or their lawful affigns.

XVIII.	And whereas it may happen that the mafter or other perfon having the command of fuch fjip or veffel fo prof edited and convicted.\ may be unable to pay fuch penalty or penalties incurred, be it enaded, That as foon as fuch fhip or veflel fhall arrive in any of the faid iflands, and due notice of fuch arrival {hall have been given at the cuttom houfe thereof, the owner or owners of the laid fhip or veflel, or his, her, or their fadior or agent to whom fuch (hip and cargo are configned, fhall give bond, in the penal fum of five thoufand pounds, to the collector or other officer of the cuttoms, for the full and jutt payment of fuch penalty or penalties as may be awarded againtt luch captain or other officer by the verdiifl of a jury.

XIX.	And it is hereby enabled, That no fuch fhip or veflel fhall be permitted or (uttered to enter or clear inwards until luch bond (hall be firtt given ; and it fhall be lawful for any officer of the cuttoms to detain fuch fhip or veflel with all her cargo on board, until fuch bond1 fhall be entered into as before required.

XX.	Provided always, That no fuit againtt fuch captain or other officer fhall be profecuted in any ifland, unlefs the fame {hall be commenced within one month after uue notice given of the (hip’s arrival, to the colle&or or other officer of the cuttoms in the (aid ifland.

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That no (hip or veflel which {hail be cleared out from any port in Great Britain, for the pur-

pofe

331

If penalty on matters be not paid within 14 days, their veflels may be feized and fold.

On arrival of

veflels in America or the Weft Indies, the owners to give bond tor payment of penalties, See.

Veflels not to be admitted to entry till bond is given, &c.

Suits to be commenced within one month.

No veflel to be cleared out a fecond time, till an at-

Hosted by Google

tufted copy ct the declaration of the matter, and

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii TIL c. 80. [1798. pofe of (hipping and carrying flaves from the coaft of Africa, after the firft day of Augujl next after the patting of this act, (hall be permitted to be cleared oat again for the fame purpofe, journal of the untl^ an attefted copy of the declaration of the matter, and alfo furgeon, See. of tlie journal of the furgeon, and alfo the mutter roll of the of the preced- fa id veflel for or during her !aft preceding voyage to the faid coaft: 0f Africa, fhall have been deposited with the collector or other fited wVtTthe chief otticer of the cuttoms at the port from which (he failed on collector at fuch laft preceding voyage, the port of clearance.

Where penal- XXII. And be it further enabled. That the feveral penalties to	».y	be	and forfeitures inflicted by this a£t (hall and may be fued for,

ue	ror‘	profecuted, and recovered in any court of vice admiralty in any

part of America, or in any ifland in the IVef Indies, wherein any fuch offence (hall have been committed, or wherein any fucli fhip or veflel fhall have difpofed of the whole or any part of her cargo, or in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminflery or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh.

If any perfon XXIII. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the take the_com- ftrft <jay of Auguft next after the patting of this adt, it (hall not ~	°	be lawful for any perfon to become a matter, or take or have

the command or charge of any (uch (hip or veflel, at the time he (hall dear out from any port of Great Britain, for purchafing and carrying Oaves from the coaft of Africa, unlefs fuch matter or perfon taking or having the charge or command of any fuch fhip or veflel, fhall have made oath, and delivered in to the collector or other chief officer of the cuttoms, at the port where fuch (hip or veflel (hall clear out, a certificate, attetted by the refpedhve owner or owners of the fhips or veflels in which he has formerly ferved, that he has already ferved in fuch capacity during one voyage, or fhall have ferved as chief mate or furgeon during the whole of two voyages, or either as chief or other mate during three voyages, in purchafing and carrying flaves from the coaft of Africa, under pain that fuch matter or other perfon taking or hiving the charge or command of any fuch (hip or veflel, and alfo the owner or owners who (hall hire or employ fuch perfon, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds.

XXIV.	And tubereas by an aft, made in the thirty-third year of his prefent Majefly's reign, and Jeveral preceding adis, it is enadted,, That, from and after the frft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, it Jhould not be lawful for any owner or owners of any Jhip or vefj'el to infure any cargo of faves, or any part thereof on board the fame, againft any lofs or damage, five and except the perils of the fea, piracy, infurrediion, or capture by the Kingys enemies, barratry of the mafer and crew, and defir udiion by fire, and that all and every policy of infurance thereafter made contrary to the faid adi fiiould be, and the fame are thereby declared to be null and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever : and whereas the ozuners of flips, and others concerned in the trade to Africa, underfianding that it was merely intended by the above mentioned provifion of the

faid

mand of a vtfitl, who is not qualified as herein directed, he, and alfo the owner, fhall forfeit 500I.

Former acts jecited.

Hosted by Google

1798.J Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 8o.	333

fold aft, to prefcribe and fpedfy the particular kinds of lofs and damage for which alone an indemnity Jboidd thereafter he recoverable in refpeft to cargoes of flaves, and not to interfere with, or vary the particular forms of the policies of infurance whereby fuch inf trances had been theretofore ejfefted, have continued to make infuranees on the perils and dangers allovoed to be infured by the faid aft, in the fame general terms as are contained in the common policies theretofore ujed in other infuranees on Jhips and goods: and whereas doubts have arifen refpefting the validity of fuch infuranees fo made on cargoes of Jlaves, on account of the policies whereby the fame are ejfefted not being exprefly refrained to the particular perils and dangers ivbicb are by the faid provifon of the jaid aft alone faved and excepted as the fubjefts of la wful injurance: for remedy whereof and for the more effeftual fecurity of fuch perfons, be it Therefore enacted.

That nothing in the faid a<tt, or any former a61 contained, fhall and nothing extend, or be conftrued to extend, to make void any infurance therein to already made, or which hereafter fhall be made, upon (hips, ^ftn^nces flaveSj goods, and merchandize, in the fame general terms with ma(je in the the policies now commonly made ufe of in all other infuranees lame general on {hips and goods; (that is to fay), On account of their ex-terrns as prefling to be made “ againft the rifles and perils of the feas, ranees1*1 U~ men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jettifons, let- 9 ters of mart and countermart, furprifals, takings at fea, arrefts, reftraints and detainments of kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality foever, barratry of the matter and mariners, and of all other perils, lofTes, and misfortunes, that have or {hall come to the detriment or damage thereof.”

XXV.	Provided neverthelefs, That under fuch policies of af- hut under furance fo made or to be made, no iofs or damage fhall hereafter j^^s'lhaHbe be recoverable on account of the mortality of Haves by natural recoverable in death or ill treatment, or againft lofs by throwing overboard of certain cafes, {laves on any account whatfoever, or againft lo!s or damage by rettraints and detainments by kings, princes, people, or inhabitants of Africa, where it ftiall be made appear that fuch lofs or

damage has been occafioned through any aggreftion for the pur-pofe of procuring Haves, and committed by the matter of any fuch fhip, or by any perfon or perfons commanding any boat or boats, or party or parties of men belonging to any fuch fhip, or by any perfon or peribns netting by the direttticn of any fuch matter or commander refpeettively.

XXVI.	And be further enaetted, That no fuch fhip or veftel Xo vefTel to {hall be allowed to clear out, unlefs it fhall appear to the col- that: has^oTa leettor, or other principal officer of the cuftoms at the port, that furgeon who there is one furgeon at leaft engaged to proceed on board fuch has polled his {hip or veftel, and unlefs fuch furgeon ftiall have produced and examination, delivered to fuch colledttor, or other principal officer of the

cuftoms, a certificate or warrant of his having palled his examination at furgeons hall, or at fome publick or county hof-pital, or at the royal college of phyficians, or royal college of furgeons at Edinburgh, or (hall have ferved as a furgeon or fur-geon’s mate in bis Majefty’s fleet or armies, of which.certificate

Of

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. So. [1798.

or warrant the faid collector, or other principal officer, (hall give to the faid furgeon an aitefted copy gratis.

XXVII.	And, for the better regulation, encouragement, and pre-fervation, of the health of the officers and feamen employed in fhips or veffels trading to the coaf of Africa for flaves, and from thence Before any to ^ Wed indies and America; be it further enabled, That, veffel is clear- fr0nt and after the firft day of Augujl next after the palling of this the°mtafttr^S> a(^’ ^e^"or'e znY foip or ve^el fhall proceed to fea, the mailer, officers, and officers, and mariners, (hall fign and execute articles of agree-mari tiers, to ment and a mufter roll, in the prefence of, and witnefted by the execute arti- clearing officer, and one of the tidefmen of the port from whence men Tin3 the6* t^ie departs, and a duplicate of the articles of agreement forms here- and mufter roll, duly figned and executed, (hall be delivered to unto annexed; the aforefaid clearing officer, in order to its being lodged with and no other the proper officer in the cuftom houfe, according to the forms life (Ton e- hereunto annexed ; which agreement fhall be conclufive to all nalty of 50I. Patties for the time contracted for, and no other form whatfoever of articles of agreement, or mufter roll, fhall be ufed under the penalty of fifty pounds, one half to be-paid to the ufe of Greenwich hofpttal, and the other half to the informer, or other perfon who fhall fue for the fame in any of his Majefty’s courts of record.

Mufter roll to be regularly kept, &c.

Penalty for tigning falfe mufter rolls, &c.

No officer, See. to be turned over or diicharged, but under the circumftances herein mentioned.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadled, That a continuation of the mufter rolls fhall be regularly and duly kept during the voyage, alfo a log book, wherein all penalties, forfeitures, and charges againft any officer or feamen, fhall be regularly entered, and figned by the mafter, chief mate, and furgeon ; which faid log book, and the faid mufter roll, fhall, on the arrival of the {hip or vefiel at her difeharging port in Great Britain, be delivered in to the collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms, together with the written declaration of the truth thereof, which declaration the collector or other chief officer, as aforefaid, is hereby required to accept and preferve ; and if any mafter, chief mate, or furgeon, fhall be convicted of figning falfe mufter rolls, articles of agreement, or log book, he or they (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, and fhall alfo fuffer fix months imprifonmenr.

XXIX.	And belt further enadled, That no officer, mariner, or feaman, fhall be turned over or difeharged, upon any pretence whatfoever, unlefs into his Majefty’s fhips of war, or to affift a fhip in aflual diftrefs, which is to be certified by the principal officers of both fhips concerned, and an agreement made in writing with the faid officers or men fo lent, or upon preferment, or under ill ftate of health, with the confent of the party, for which a certificate fhall be given from the captain of any of his Majefty’s fhips or veffels, if any are prefent, or in their abfence two juftices of the peace, or the collector or comptroller of the cuftoms at the place or port where fuch fhip or veffel {hall be, or {hall firft arrive, where certificate fhall be returned with the mufter roll and log book, on the arrival of the {hip at her delivering port in Great Britain.

XXX.	And

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefirno nono Georgii III. c. 80.	33^

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed, That no matter, command- No flops, &c. er, or other perfon, (hall fupply the officers or mariners, Teamen *° hefupplied or feafaring men, with more flops, tobacco, fpirits, or any other fourth of the article whatfoever, than to the amount of one fourth part of the monthly monthly wages of fuch officer, mariner, Teaman, or feafaring wages, man.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That if any officer, ma~ Regulations riner, or Teaman, (hall behave in a riotous, feditious, or mu-

tinous manner, it (hall be lawful for the commander or com- behaving in a manding officer to put fuch officer, mariner, or Teaman into riotous, fedi-confinement, for a time not exceeding twenty-four hours before tious, or mu-the fame is reported to the captain or commander of any of his tmous man~ Majetty’s (hips or veffels, (being prefent or within a convenient diftance), who is hereby authorifed to enquire into the caufe of fuch complaint, and to examine upon oath, if found neceflary, and to grant fuch relief or remedy therein as the circumftances bf the cafe may require; and in cafe none of his Majetty's (hips are prefent, the caufe of complaint fhall be fully examined into by the matter and two officers, in the prefence of the (hip's company, and if it fhall be judged neceffary for the fafety of the (hip and cargo to continue the offender or offenders in confinement, fuch determination fhall be drawn up in writing, with the reafons of coming to fuch refolution ttated at large, and figned by the matter and two officers, which they are hereby enjoined, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to report without delay to the captain or commander of the firtt fhip or veffel belonging to his Majetty they may fall in with, and in default thereof to report the fame to the governor or chief officer of any Britijh fort on the coatt of Africa, or to the governor of any of the Weft India iflands, on their arrival at any port or road therein, that fuch meafures may be taken to bring the offender or offenders to juftice, as the nature of the cafe will admit.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled, That the matter or other Matter to perfon having or taking the charge or command of every fuch (hip caufe a print-or veffel, fhall caufe a printed abftract of this act, and alfo a

copy of the fchedule (A.) and of the mutter roll refpecttively to'be deliver-annexed to this actt, to be delivered to each of the officers of the ed to each of faid (hip or veffel, and alfo a copy of each, videlicet, of the faid the officers, abttradl, fchedule, and mutter roll, to be hung up and affixed to j^j;0 be.n the mott publick place of fuch fhip or veffel, and (hall caufe the thTmolt pub-fame to be conftantly kept and renewed, fo that at all times they lick place in may be~ aeceffible to the officers and feamen on board of fuch his veffel, on fhip or veffel, upon pain that every fuch matter or other perfon	ot

having or taking the charge or command of every fuch (hip or veffel, who (hall negledt to affix and renew the fame, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any officer. If mutinous mariner, or feaman, charged with mutiny or fedirioft, (hall be officers, Redelivered over or taken in cuttody by the order of the governor enttod^1 l° or chief officer of any fort on the coatt of Africa, or the go- Africa or the vernor of any of the iflands in the Britijh We;} Indies, a full Weft Indies, a.

tt a j e m c n t hate rn e n t,

33$

upon oath, to be lodged with the governor, &c. and if the witneffes do not appear at the trial, they ffiall incur a penalty.

Officers, See. to continue in pay till the veiVel is cleared inwards.

Wages of run men to go to Greenwich hofpital, &c.

Where offences may be tried, and penalties fued for.

Limitation of actions.

Delivery of writs on board veflels, to be deemed legal fervice.

Perfons taking falfe oaths, to incur the pains of perjury,

See.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c# 80. [1798,

ftatement upon oath, which they are hereby empowered to ad-minifter, fhall be made out and lodged with the faid governor, together wiih the names of the witnefles who are to fupport the charge alledged againft the prifoner or prifoners, in order to their being fent home for trial, at the next admiralty feflions, for the offence or offences alledged againft him or them ; and in cafe the faid witnefs or vvitneffes fhall neglect to appear at the trial upon being duly fummoned, he or they fhall incur fuch penalty as the court fhall adjudge.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled. That upon the arrival of every fhip or veffel at her difeharging port in Great Britain, the officers and feamen therein fhall be continued in full pay and provifions until the fhip is cleared inwards, or their accounts are fettled and paid ; and that all wages due to run men fhall be forfeited, and paid one half to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital, and the other half to the merchants hofpital of the port to which fuch fhip belongs, and all other forfeitures fhall be applied as is fpecified in the articles of agreement \ any cuftom, law, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXV.	And be it further enadled, That any offence committed in breach or violation of this adt, may be tried in any court of oyer and terminer in any county in England. wherein any fuch offence fhall have been committed, or in cafe any fuch offence fhall have been committed on the feas, or in parts beyond the feas, then in fuch county within which the fhip on board which fuch offence fhall have been committed fhall have cleared out, or in the county of Middlefex; and any penalty or forfeiture inflidted by this a<51 may be profecuted, fued for, and recovered, in any court of record in Great Britain; and in every fuch action or fuit, the party againft whom judgement fhall be given (whether plaintiff or defendant) fhall pay double cofts of fuit ; and every fuch adtion fhall and may be brought at any time within three years after the offence comimtted, and not afterwards ; and every fuch action fhall be carried on without wilful delay.

XXXVI.	And be it further enadled, That if any mafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any fhip or veffel, fhall be profecuted on account of any offence committed againft this adt, and the officer whole bufinefs it fhall be to ferve the writ or procefs iffuing out of the court in which fuch mafter or other perfon fhall be profecuted, fhall not be able to find the faid mafter or other perfon fo profecuted, either on board the faid veffel, or on fhore or elfewhere, of which fuch officer fhall give publick notice in fuch court, then, and in all fuch cafes, the delivery of the faid writ or procefs on board the faid fhip or veffel of which the faid perfon fhall have had the charge or command, fhall be deemed due and legal fervice of the faid writ or procefs.

XXXVII.	And be it further enadled. That if any perfon taking any oath by this adh autborifed or required to be taken, fhall thereby commit wilful perjury, or if any perfon fhall unlawfully

Hosted by

Google

337

179^-1 Anfto regtii tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. So.

lawfully procure or fuborn any perfon to take any oath by this acl authorifed or required to be taken, whereby fuch perfon fhall commit wilful perjury, every fuch perfon (hall incur and fuffer the like pains and penalties as are by law inflidled upon perfons committing wilful and corrupt perjury or fubornation of per-jury.

XXXVIII. And whereas by an att, puffed in the thirty fie c end Claufe in year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, and which was afterwards former a#s continued by feveralfubfequent atts> it was enatted, That, from and certificates1^ after the firjl day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- qualification two, it fhall not be lawful for any perfon to become a mafter, or take required to be or have the command or charge of any fuch Jhip or veffiel^ at the time given by maf-he J,hall clear out from any port of Great Britain for purchafmg and ters> recl e carrying fiaves from the coajl of Africa, unlefs fuch mqjlcr or perfon taking or having the charge or command of any fuch Jhip or veffel fhall have made oath, and delivered in to the collettor or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the port where fuch Jhip or veffiel Jball clear out, a certificate, atiefted by the refpettive owner or owners that he has already Jerved in Juch capacity during one voyage, or Jhall have ferved afrchief mate or furgeon during the whole of two voyages, or either as chief or other mate during three voyages, in purchafmg and carrying faves from the coafi of Africa, under pain that fuch mofier or other perfon taking or having the charge or command of any fuch Jhip or veffiel, and afo the owner or owners zvho fhall hire pr employ fuch perfon, Jhall, for every fuch offence refpettively, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds: and whereas doubts have arifien Doubts arifing ref petting the confiruttion of the above mentioned claufe, whether the certificate thereby required to be delivered in to the collettor or other attefted. chief officer of the cujloms, Jhould be attejled by the refpettive owner or owners of any firip or veffiel wherein the perfon or perfons then about to take the command of the Jhip or veffiel required to be cleared out, had formerly failed in fame or one of the capacities by the faid att fpecified and required, or by the refpettive owner or owners of the Jhip or veffel in which fuch perfon or perfons vjas or were then about to Jail as the majler or commander thereof as believing the fatts fated in the affidavit of fuch perfon or perfons then about to have or take the charge or command of any fuch finp or veffel to be true : and whereas, in confequence of fuch doubts, the collettors or other chief officers of the cufioms at the ports of London and Liverpool, doubting the meaning and confiruttion of the faid attsy have required and taken certificates attejled in both the ways before mentioned., and cleared out Jhips or vejfds under each form of certificate, in confequence of which great inconveniences have arfen, and doubts have been made touching the legality of the policies of infur an ce made upon fuch Jhips or veffels; be it therefore further enadted, That nothing Policies of in-in the faid former adfs of parliament herein-before mentioned, or in any of them contained, (hall extend, or be conftrued to i^n ot-1^3 extend, to impeach, invalidate, or make void any policy or po- adt, not to be licies of infurance which (hall have been made before the pafiing void byreafoti of this adf, by reafon or in confequence of any certificate or ^vei/unde^ certificates which have been required and given, in order to the Voi. XLU.	Z	clearing	to!

33& Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III.-c.8-o. [1798.

clearing out any fhip or veffel employed in the flave trade to the coaft of Africa, by the owner or owners of the fhip or veffel then about to clear out and to fail, or by the owner or owners of fome other (hip or veffel in whofe employ the perfon then about to fail had been formerly employed and failed, or to inflidt any penalty or penalties upon the owner or owners of fuch {hip or veffel: provided always, That the matter contained in fuch affidavits of the owner or owners heretofore made as aforefaid fhall have been, and in fuch affidavits as (hall hereafter be made (hall be, true in fubftance and matter of fatft.

Ports from XXXIX. And be it further enadled, That, from and after the

ffialTbeVckarS-	°*"	next	a^ter	Paff*ng	of	this a61, no fhip or

ed out for	veffel fhall be permitted to be entered or cleared outwards, for

carrying..	the purpofe of (hipping and carrying (laves from the coaft of

jlaves.	Africa, from any part of his Majefty’s dominions, except the

ports of London, Liverpool, and BriJloL

SCHEDULE (A.)

ARTICLES of agreement between the mafter, officegs, mariners, feamen, and feafaring men, of the fhip	bound

from the port of	upon	an	intended voyage to the

coaft of Africa for	from thence to the

Weft Indies, or America, and afterwards to in Great Britain, or to her delivering port in Europe.

FIRST, The maffer does hereby covenant, agree, and engage, with the faid officers, feamen, feafaring men, landfmen, and boys, That he will pay, or caufe to be paid, to each and every of them, at the rate of the wages per month, fterling value,'^ts againft each perfon’s name is expreffed in the mufter roll.

Secondly, The faid maffer does further agree and engage with the faid officers, mariners, feamen, feafaring men, landfmen, and boys, that they fhall be daily and regularly fupplied with good and wholefome victuals, and a portion of wine’ or fpirits, as hereafter fpecified ; the faid provifions to be iffiied and dreffed in the ufual manner in which it is done on board his Majeffy’s (hips of war, and ferved out to the {hip’s company, in the manner following ; (videlicet),

Sunday, - One pound and an half of beef containing fix-teen ounces to the pound, and a pint of flour. Monday, - One pound of pork, containing fixteen ounces, to the pound, and half a pint of peafe. Tuefday, - One pint of oatmeal, and two ounces of butter, and four ounces of cheefe; or, one pound of flock fifh, with one-eighth of a pint of oil, and a quarter of a pint of vinegar, in lieu of ' butter and cheefe.

Wednefday, The fame as Monday.

Tburfday, - The fame as Sunday.

Friday, - The fame as Tuefday.

Saturday, - The fame as Monday,

Each

Hosted by Googl

339

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. So..

Each perfon befides to have fix pounds of bread per week; and a quarter of a pint of fpirits, or half a pint of wine, together with	of	water	per	day during the voyage.

In lieu of pcafe and oatmeal may be ferved rice, Indian corn, yams, or calavances.

In cafe of being put to fhort allowance, the mafter, officers, and feamen, are to be at the fame allowance of provi{ions and water, and to be allowed (hort allowance money, at the rate of three-pence per day if at two thirds allowance, and four-pence halfpenny per day per man, if at half allowance, and to be paid their fhort allowance money ten days before the veflel fails from the Weft Indies or America.

And it is hereby further covenanted and agreed by and between the faid parties, That the mafter of the faid fhip, at his or the owners proper coft and charge, will hire and employ the natives in their craft, to wood and water the faid fhip, during her continuance oil the coaft of Africa, if luch natives can be procured, under the direction of a patroon belonging to the faid fhip.

And it is further agreed on the part of the faid mafter, That whenever the officers and feamen are employed trading in craft up the rivers, that the faid mafter will, on the part of the owners, furnifh the parties fo employed with a fufficient quantity of painted canvas, or tarpawling, for an awning, and provihons for the time, in the proportion per diem as is fet forth in thfe foregoing article, with proper utenfils and fire to drefs the fame; and upon failure thereof, for every fuch negledf he {hall forfeit double the value of provifions.

The faid mafter does further agree and engage. That there fhall be a fpace referved for two third parts of the (hip’s company to fhelter themfelves while the flaves are on board; if a frigate-built fhip, it fhall be under the half deck, or in the fteer-age, or under a ftanding awning of wood, well caulked, in any other fhip or veflel.

It is hereby further agreed by the faid mafter. That he will not, upon any pretence whatfoever, turn over or difcharge any of the officers or (Tip’s company belonging to the laid fhip, un-lefs on promotion, or to affift a fin i p actually in di ft refs, and not then unlefs properly certified as before exprefled in this a<5t; and the faid mafter does hereby further agree to advance one month’s pay to the officers and (hip’s company, before the faid fhip departs from Great Britain, at the time of fettling the river or harbour pay, and that the monthly wages (hall commence from that period: and it is further agreed by the faid mafter. That he will pay, or caufe to be paid, one month’s pay after the landing of the (laves in the Weft Indies or America, ten days before the failing of the faid fhip on her homeward-bound pafiage : and alfo the faid mafter engages to make the general fignal for failing twenty-four hours before the departure of the faid (hip, videlicet, by loofing the foretopfail and firing a gun.

% 2	And

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricenmo nono Georgii HI. c. 80. [1798.

And we the officers, mariners, feamen, feafaring men, landf-men, and boys, in confideration of the monthly or other wages, foregoing ftipulations and engagements, do feverally promife and agree, and bind ourfelves by thefe prefents, to behave with due fubordination and refpedl, and to obey the lawful commands of our commander or fuperior officers on board the faid {hip, or boats thereunto belonging, as becomes good and faithful feamen and mariners; and at all places where the fhip fhall touch at, put into, or anchor, during the faid voyage, to do our utmoft endeavours for the prefervation of the faid fhip and cargo, and not to negleft or refufe doing our duty by night or by day, nor go out of the faid (hip on board any other veffel, or be on Ihore tinder any pretence whatfoever, without leave firft obtained of our commander or commanding officer on board ; and further. That we will on no account whatfoever leave or defert the faid lhip without the mailer’s confent, (unlefs to ferve on board any of his Majefty’s fhips), till the abovefaid voyage be ended, and the faid (hip difcharged, under the forfeiture of our wages: and we do further agree, That when abfent upon leave, we will immediately repair on board when required Co to do by our commander, or any of our fuperior officers, on failure thereof to forfeit for fuch difobedience (even days pay, to be charged againft our wages, for every fuch offence: and we do further agree and acknowledge, That forty-eight hours abfence without leave fhall be deemed a total defertion from the faid fhip, and our wages forfeited as above agreed on, unlefs good and fufficient caufe can be affigned for fuch abfence.

And it is further agreed by us the faid officers and mariners belonging to the faid fhip, That we will not demand our wages, or any part thereof, except the value of a fourth part of our wages, to be fupplied in (lops or other neceffaries, and one month’s pay, with our fbort allowance money, then due in the TVefl Indies or America, until the arrival of the faid (hip at her delivering port, except we fhould be impreffed or enter on board any of his Majefty’s (hips, or be difcharged by mutual confent, agreeably to the foregoing certificate, as fpecified in the adl.

And it is hereby further agreed by us the faid officers, mariners, feamen, feafaring men, landfmen, and boys, That whatever {fores, furniture, or apparel, each or any of us receive into our charge belonging to the faid {hip, (hall be accounted for; and in-cafe any thing Ihould be loft or damaged by our negligence or careleffnels, it lhaii be made good to the mafters or owners, out of the wages of fuch officers or feamen by whole negligence it has happened.

SCHEDULE

Hosted by Google

SCHEDULE (B).

MUSTER ROLL.

23 CAP.  Hosted by CjOO^I																	
	Officers and Men’s Names.	Quality.	Where  born.	<u  <	| Years at Sea.	Time of F.ntrv, anri Place where.	Time when, and Place where, dif charged, died, run, ■or drowned.	I Caufe of Difcharge, 1 Death, or drowned.	£ -6  1* w 0  0 ^  CT3  Ij	Wages  per  Month.	Advance  Money.	Hofpital  Duty.	Amount of Slops fupplied.	Amount of  Dead Men’s Cloaths.	Amount of Short Allowance Money.	Total Amount of W'ages due when dif-charged, See. Scc.	Amount of Run Men’s Pay.
						„				X- s. d.	X- d.	X.	X. J.	X- s, d	11 1;	X- *. d.	X* r- d.



V

Vo

Co

D

o

O

n>

n

CD

3

o

£3

O

£3

O

O

w

o

o

p

oo

o

*



342.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. Si. [1798.

CAP. LXXXI.

An att to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen.—[July 12,

1799*3

nm'ole. "\\T HEREAS great numbers of journeymen mamfaShtrers and V V workmen in various parts of this kingdom, have, by unlawful meetings and combinations, endeavoured to obtain advance of their wages, and to effeftuate other illegal purpofes; and the la ws at prefent in force againjl fuch unlawful conduit have been found to be inadequate to the fupprejfon thereof, whereby it is become neceffary that more effectual provifon floould be made againjl fuch unlawful combinations \ and for preventing Juch unlawful practices in future, and for bringing fuch offenders to more fpeedy and exemplary juftice: may it pleafe your Majeftv that it may be enacted; and be it cna&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the All contracts fame, That, from and after the paffing of this aCh, all contracts.

heretofore en tered into by workmen for obtaining an advance of wages, altering the ufual time of work-

covenants, ana agreements whatloever, in wilting, or not in writing, at any time or times heretofore made or entered into by or between any journeymen manufacturers or other workmen, or other perfons within this kingdom, for obtaining an advance of wages of them, or any of them, or any other journeymen manufacturers or workmen, or other perfons in any manning, decreaf- faCture, trade, or bufinefs, or for leffening or altering their or in or the quan- any of their ufual hours or time of working, or for decreafing

titv of work, &c. illegal.

Every work' man, after paifing this act, who

the quantity of work, or for preventing or hindering any perfon or perfons from employing whomfoever he, fhe, or they (hall think proper to employ in his, her, or their manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, or for controlling or anyway afFe&ing any perfon or perfons carrying on any manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, in the conduCt or management thereof, fhall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

II. And be it further enaCted, That no journeymen, workmen, or other perfons fhall, at any time after the paffing of this aCt, make or enter into, or be concerned in the making of or

ihall be guilty entering into any fuch contraCt, covenant or agreement, in writ-of any fuch jng or not fn writing, as is herein-before declared to be an ilie-b^commiined covenant? contract, or. agreement; and every journeyman.

to the common gaol, or the houfe of corrtClion j

workman, or other perfon who, after the paffing of this a Cl, (hall be guilty of any of the faid offences, being thereof lawfully convicted, upon his own confefli'on, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or v/itneffes, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch offence (hall be committed, (which oath the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby autho-rifed and empowered to adminifter in fuch cafe, and in all other cafes where aa oath is to be taken before any juftice or juftices of the peace in purfuance of this act), within three calendar

months

Hosted by <^ooQLe

1798,] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. Si. 343

months next after the offence fhall have been committed, fhall, by order of fuch juftice or juftices, be committed to and confined in the common gaol within his or their jurifdidlion, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, or, at the difcretion of fuch juftice or juftices, fhall be committed to fome houfe of correction within the fame jurifdiCtion, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

III.	And be it further enacted, That every journeyman or as alfo any workman, or other perfon who fhall, at any time after the paf- workman en-fing of this a6f, enter into any combination to obtain an ad- ^y^combina-vance of wages, or to leften or alter the hours or duration of the tion tor ad-time of working, or to decreafe the quantity of work, or for any vancing other purpofe contrary to this aCf, or who fhall, by giving wages, &c. ^ money, or by perfuafion, folicitation, or intimidation, or any endeavouAo other means, directly or indirectly, endeavour to prevent any preVent any unhired or unemployed journeyman, or workman, or other per- workman fon in any manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, or any other perfon fron? wanting employment in fuch manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, pi^ilonhiin from hiring himfelf to any manufacturer or tradefman, or perfon to quit his conducting any manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, or who fhall, employment, for the purpofe of obtaining an advance of wages or for any

other purpofe contrary to the provifions of this act by any means whatfoever, directly or indirectly, cjecoy, perfuade, folicit, intimidate, influence, or prevail, or attempt or endeavour to prevail, on any journeyman, or workman, or other perfon hired or employed, or to be hired or employed, in any fuch manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, to quit or leave his work, fervice, or employment, or who fhall hinder or prevent, or attempt to hinder or prevent any manufacturer or tradefman, or other perfon, from employing in his or her manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, fuch journeyman, workman, and other perfons as he or fhe fhall think proper, or who, being hired or employed fhall refufe to work with any other journeyman or workman- employed or hired to ■work therein, and who fhall be lawfully convicted of any of the faid offences, upon his own confeffion, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, di-vifion, city, liberty, town, or place where fuch offence fhall be committed, within three calendar months next after the offence fhall have been committed, fhall, by order of fuch juftice or juftices, be committed to and confined in the common gaol within his or their jurifdidlion, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, or otherwife be committed to fome houfe of correction within the fame jurifdi&on, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

IV.	And) for the more effectual fupprejfon of all combinations

amongjl journeymen, workmen, and other perfons employed in any ma-nufatiure, trade, or bufinefs, be it further enaefted. That all and	0

every perfons and perfon whomfoever (whether employed in any attend

z ^	inch	any-mutiny

Hosted by Google

none oi mg any filch •i con-

344 Anno regni tricefimo none Ge.or.gii III. c. 81., [179S*

for the pur- fuch manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, or not) who fhall attend

:i mak- any meeting had or held for the purpofe of making or entering

into any contrail, covenant, or agreement, by this aCt declared

, or who t0 be illegal, or of entering into, Supporting, maintaining, con-

iK.illfummons tinuing, or carrying on any combination tor any purpofe by this

o' endeavour a6V declared to be illegal, or who fhall fummons, give notice to,

yo induce any caj]_ Up0n perfuade, entice, folicit, or by intimidation or any •journeyman . r	•• m • v ru i -	.	•	,	*	J

• o attend any other means directly or indirectly enoeavour to induce any jour-

fuch meeting, neyman, workman, or other perfon employed in any manufac-or who fhalb ture, trade, or bufinefs, to attend any iuch meeting, or who mone^ a&c fhall dolled!, demand, afk, or receive any fum of money from money, c. any fUch journeyman, workman, or other perlon, for any of the purpofes aforefaid, or who (hall perfuade, entice, foiicir, or by intimidation or any other means direCtly or indirectly, endeavour to induce any fuch journeyman, workman, or other perfon* to enter into or be concerned in any fuch combination, or to quit or leave his work, fervicc, or employment, or who fhall pay any fum of money, or make or enter into any fubfeription or contribution for or towards the fupport or encouragement of any fuch illegal meeting or combination, and who fhall be lawfully conviCted of any of the faid offences, upon his own confefiion, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any one or more juifice or juftices of the peace for the county,riding, divihon, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch offence fhall be committed, within three calendar months next after the offence fhall have been committed, fhall, by order of fuch juillce or juftices, be committed to and confined in the common gaol within his or their jurifdiCtion, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, or otherwife be committed to fome houfe of correction within the fame, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

V.	And be it further enacted, That no perfon (whether employed as a journeyman or workman in any manufacture, trade or bufinefs, or not) fhall at any time after the palling of this act pay or give any fum or fums of money, or valuable thing, as a fubfeription or contribution for the purpofe of paying any ex-pences incurred or to be incurred by any perlon adting contrary to the provifions of this a£t, or fhall by payment of money or other means, fupport or maintain any journeyman, workman, or any perfon to other perfon, or contribute towards his fupport or maintenance, work ^or t^le PurP°^e inducing him to refufe to work, or to be hired on penalty oV or employed in any manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, and every rol. and perfon who fhall be guilty of any fuch offence fhall forfeit and every perfon ]0fe any fum not exceeding the fum of ten pounds, and every codeccing^	journeyman, workman, and other perfon, who fhall colled or

/hch purpofes rece,ve any money or valuable thing for any of the purpofes afore? iTull-forfeit	faid, fhall forfeit and lofe any fum not exceeding the fum of five

5!.	pounds ; and all and every of the faid offences (ball be heard and

determined in a fummary way, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty,

town.

No perfon fhall contribute for any expencesincurred for acting contrary to this aitt, or towards the lupport of

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 3i.	345

town, or place, where fuch offence (hall be committed, and the conviction for the fame may be had and made upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, and the amount of the forfeiture or penalty for every fuch offence fliall be fixed and determined by fuch juffice or juftices, but not exceeding the feveral fums herein-before mentioned; and in cafe Penalty may #ny fuch forfeiture or penalty fhall not be forthwith paid, pur- bekviedby fuant to fuch conviction, fuch juffice or juftices fhall, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, caufe the fame to be levied by the offender diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, together may be com-with all cofts and charges attending fuch diftrefs and fale; and fitted to in cafe no fufffcient diftrefs can be had, fuch juffice or juftices ^a° *

(hall, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, commit the offender to the common gaol, or fome houfe of correction within his or their jurifdiCtion, there to remain, without bail or main-prize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months nor lefs than two calendar months.

VI. And be ft further enacted, That all fums of money, which at any time-heretofore have been paid or given as a fub-fcription or contribution for or towards any of the purpofes prohibited by this aCl, and fhall, for the fpace of three calendar months next after the palling of this aCt, remain undivided in the hands of any treafurer, collector, receiver, truftee, agent, or other perfon, or placed out at intereft, and all fums of money which (hall at any time after the palling of this aCt be paid or given as a fubfcription or contribution for or towards any of the purpofes prohibited by this aCl, fhall be forfeited, one moiety thereof to his Majefty, and the other moiety to fuch perfon as will fue for the fame in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler; and any treafurer, collector, receiver, truftee, agent, or pther perfon, in whofe hands or in whofe name any fuch fum of money fhall be or fhall be placed out, or unto whom the fame fhall have been paid or given, fhall and may be fued for the fame as forfeited as aforefaid.

Contributions for any of the purpofes prohibited by this anot divided for three months after pilling thereof, to be forfeited, as alfo all future contributions for fuch purpofes.

VII.	And, for the better difcovery of all fums of money which have beem or fall be paid or given for any purpofe prohibited by this act,

be it further enaCIed, That all and every the perfons and perfon Perfons liable who fhall or may be liable by virtue of this aCI to be fued for the to be fue4 *or fame, fhall be obliged and compellable to anfwer upon oath to any ^r^uclfpur-infonnation which fhall or maybe preferred againft them or him pofes com-in any court of equity, by or in the name of his Majefty’s at- pellable to an-torney general, on the part of his Majefty, or at the relation of *wer on. °ath any informer, for difcovering the fum and fums of money fo paid mation^r*1'" or given, for any of the prohibited purpofes aforefaid; and fuch 'ferred againft court fhall and.may make fuch orders and decrees therein as to them, fuch court fhall feem juft, and iio perfon fliall demur to, or refufe to anfwer fuch information, by reafon of any penalty or forfeiture, to which fuch perfon may be liable, in confequence of any difcovery which may be fought thereby.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That upon pay- Upon payment into the court, in which fuch information (hall be filed, of ment into,

all c0urt 0 1 le ai money re-

Hosted by Google

346 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 81. [1798.

maining m the all the money paid or given unto any fuch treafurer, collector* Tieri'on^VTtfe receiver> truftee, agent, or other perfon, for any of the prohibited time of filing purpofes aforelaid, and remaining in his hands at the time of information, filing fuch informations, and upon making a full difcovery of all and making a the fecurities in or upon which all fuch money, which fhall not the fe'mpties	rema^n^n&	*n	^IS hands, fhall have been placed out or in-

upon which vefied, the perion or perfons paying fuch money into court, and other monies making fuch difcovery, (hall be acquitted and difcharged from fhall have been all forfeitures and penalties which (hall or may have been incur-^ rtv^to^e re<^ ky or them by reafon of having collected or received difcharged fuch tnoney, or otherwife abled concerning the fame, and from from penalty, all abiions and other fuits refpebling the fame, by any perfon or perfons whomfcever; any ftatute, law, or ufage, or any thing in this abl contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. Offenders may IX. And be it further enabled, That all and every perfons be compelled and perfon who fhall or may offend againft this abl, (hall and

t0 CflVC cvi-	4	J	o	*

cence and" may> equally with all other perfons, be called upon and com-fhallbeindem- pelled to give his or her teffimony and evidence as a witnefs or mfied from	witneffes on behalf of his Majefty, or of the profecutor or in-

. prolecution former, upon any information to be made or exhibited under lor any mat ter	1 ^ «	•

relative to it. ac^ » anc* ^at m	ca^es5	every	perfon	having	given

his or her teffimony or evidence as aforefaid, fhall be and hereby is indemnified of, from, and againft any information to be laid, or profecution to be commenced, againft: him or her for having offended in the matter wherein or relative to which he, fhe, or they, fhall have given teffimony or evidence as aforefaid.

X. And, for tlie more effectually enforcing and carrying into exe~ s may tion theprovifions of this adt, be it further enabled, That on complaint and information on oath before any juftice or juffices of the peace, of any offence having been committed againft this

JuftTce ftimmon offenders, and on their not

appearing, or abl, within his or their refpeblive jurifdiblions, fuch juftice or juffices are hereby authorifed and required to fummon the perfon or perfons charged with being an offender or offenders againft this abr, to appear before fuch juftice or juffices, at a certain time and place to be fpecified 3 and if any perfon or perfons fo fummoned (hall not appear according to fuch fummons, then fuch juffices, or any one of them, (proof on oath having

in the firlt infiance, may illue warrant for their appre-hention, and on their ap-

dc teniuV.Tuie ^cen fifft niade before them or him, of the due fervice of inch matter.	fummons upon fuch perfon or perfons, by delivering the fame

to him or them perfonally, or leaving the fame at his or their ufual place or places of abode), fhall make and iflue their or his warrant or warrants for apprehending the perfon or perfons fo fummoned, and not appearing as aforefaid, and bringing him or them before fuch juftice or juffices, or it fhall be lawful for fuch juftice or juffices, if he or they fhall think fit, without iffuing any previous fummons, and inftead of iffuing the fame, upon fuch complaint and information on oath as aforefaid, to make and iffue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending the perfon or perfons by fuch information charged to have offended againft this abf, and bringing him or them before fuch juftice or juffices 3 and upon the perfon or perfons complained againff appearing

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgix III, c,8i.'	347

pearing upon fuch fummons, or being brought by virtue of fuch warrant or warrants before fuch juftice or juftices, then fuch juftices, or one of them, fhall, and they or he are and is hereby authorifed and required forthwith to make enquiry touching the matters complained of, and to examine into the fame by the oath or oaths of any credible perfon or perfons, as (hall be requifite, and to hear and determine the matter of every fuch complaint, and upon confefiion by the party, or proof by one or more credible witnefs or witneffes upon oath, to convict or acquit the party or parties againft whom complaint fnall have been made as aforefaid.

X[ And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the juftice or juftices of the peace, before whom any fuch com-	and	on

plaint and information (hall be made as aforefaid, and he and their not ap-they are hereby authorifed and required, at the requeft in writ- pearing or re-ing of any of the parties, to iffue his or their fummons to any wit-nefs or witneffes, to appear and give evidence before fuch juftice commiTthTml!' or juftices, at the time and place appointed for hearing and determining fuch complaint, and which time and place fhall be fpecified in fuch fummons; and if any perfon or perfons fo fum-moned to appear as a witnefs or witneffes as aforefaid, fhall not appear before fuch juftice or juftices at the time and place fpeci-cified in fuch fummons, or offer fome reafonable excufe for the default, or appearing according to fuch fummons, fhall not fub-mit to be examined as a witnefs or witneffes, and give his or their evidence before fuch juftice or juftices, touching the matter of fuch complaint, then and in every fuch cafe it {hall be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices, and he and they is and are hereby authorifed, (proof on oath, in the cafe of any perfon not appearing according to fuch fummons, having been ftrft made before fuch juftice or juftices of the due fervice of fuch fummons on every fuch perfon, by delivering the fame to him or her, or leaving the fame at his or her ufual place of abode), by warrant under the hands or hand of fuch juftices or one of them, to commit fuch perfon or perfons fo making default in appearing, or appearing and refufing to give evidence, to fome prifon within the ju-rifdiCtion of fuch juftice or juftices, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until fuch perfon or perfons dial] fubmit himfeif, herfelf, or themfelves to be examined, and give his, her, or their evidence before fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further enaCted, That, the juftice or juftices Convictions before whom any perfon or perfons fhall be convicted of any of- and commit-fence againft this aCL or by whom any perfon fhall be committed Tt"1^

• C r	.	J	J	*	r	y	.	.	Ol a.v\ II Up lu

to prilon for not appearing as a witnefs, or not fubmitting to be the form in examined, fhall caufe all fuch convictions, and the warrants or the fchedule orders for fuch commitment, to be drawn up in the form or to annexed, the effeCt fet forth in the fchedule to this aCt.

XIII.	And be it further enaCted, That the juftice or juftices Convictions before whom any fuch conviction fhall be had, (hall caufe the t0.be tranf-fame (drawnup in the form or to the effeCt herein-before directed) J^xt^enera^ to be fairly written on parchment, and tranfmitted to the next or general'

general quarter lei-

Hosted by.

Google

348

(Ions to be filed, and if appeal he made, the juft ices lh all then proceed to hearing it.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 81. [1798.

general feftions or general quarter fefiions of the peace to be holden for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein fuch conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongft the records of the fa id general fefiions or general quarter felfions ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall appeal, in manner hereinafter mentioned, from the judgement of the faid juftice orjuftices to the faid general feftions or general quarter fefiions, thejuftices in fuch general fefiions or general quarter fefiions are hereby required, upon receiving fuch conviction, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the faid appeal, accord->7o Certiorari ing to the directions of this aCl; and no Certiorari (hall be granted to be granted, to remove any conviction or other proceedings had thereon in purfuance of this act.

Appeal may XIV. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That if be made from any perfon convicted of any offence or offences puniftiable by this aCt, (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by the judge-tfte general or ment of fuch juftice orjuftices before whom he or (he fhall have general quar- been convicted, fuch perfon fhall have liberty to appeal from 'MV11 b ever^ conviction to the next court of general fefiions or i'u pended on6 genera^ quarter fefiions of the peace, which (hall be held for the the party’s en- county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place wherein ttring into re-fuch offence was committed, and that the execution of every cognizance

proiecute the appeal.

to judgement fo appealed from (hall be fufpended, in cafe the per-

irflions to be final.

If judgement be affirmed, the appellant

fon lo convicted (hall immediately enter into recognizance before fuch juftice orjuftices (which he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to take) with two fufficient fureties, in the penalty of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain^ upon condition to profecute fuch appeal with effeCf, and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement and determination of the P-d lion of the faid next general fefiions or general quarter fefiions, and to pay fuch cofts as the faid court (hall award on fuch occafion; and the juftices in the faid next court of general fefiions or general quarter fefiions are hereby authorifed and required to hear and finally determine the matter of the faid appeal, and to award fuch cofts as to them (hall appear juft and reafonable to be paid by either party, which decifion (hall be final; and if upon hearing the faid appeal, the judgement of the juftice or juftices be-nalt^&c ^ f°re	appellant (hall have been convicted, fhall be

c * affirmed, fuch appellant fhall forthwith pay the forfeiture or penalty (if any) mentioned in fuch conviction, and the cofts awarded to be paid by fuch appellant; and in default of payment thereof, or in cafe fuch conviction (hall contain a judgement of imprifonment, fuch appellant (hallimmediately be committed by the faid court, either to the common gaol or houfe of correction, according to fuch conviction, and tor the fpace of time therein mentioned, without bail or mainprize, and alfo until the payment of fuch cofts as (hall be awarded by the faid court to be paid by fuch appellant.

Aff not to XV. Provided always, and be it enaCied, That nothing in abridge pow- this a Cl contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to re-ers now given peal, takeaway, or abridge, the powers and authorities given to ices any juftice orjuftices of the peace in and by any aCl or aCts of

parliament Hosted by Google

touching

1798*] Anno regnl tricefimo nono Georgii TIL c. 81.	349

parliament heretofore made and now in force touching any com- combinations binations of manufacturers, journeymen, or workmen, or for of manufactu-fettling and adjufting difputes or differences between mafters and reib? c their journeymen, workmen, or other perfons employed by them in any manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, or the rate or amount of wages to be paid to fuch journeymen, workmen, or other perfons, or the mode or time of their working or being employed, or the quantity of work to be done, or touching any matter whatfoever alfo provided for by this act; but that all justices of the peace (hall continue to ufe, exercife, and execute, all the powers and authorities given to them in and by fuch acts of parliament, or any of them, in fuch and the fame manner as they could or might have done if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywife notwith-ftanding.

XVI.	Provided always, That this act fhail not extend to au- nor to em-

thorife or empower any perfon or perfons carrying on any ma- power manu-nufacture, trade, or bufinefs, to employ therein any journeyman fa&urers to or workman contrary to the regulations and provifions contained conTi^ry* in any actor acts of parliament which hath or have been hereto- to the provi-fore made, and is and are now in force, for fettling, regulating, Sons now in or directing the manner or method of conducting, managing, or force for regu-carrying on any particular manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, or duS^of any0" the work or fervice of the perfons employed therein, without the particular ma-previous licence and confent in writing of one juftice of the nufacture, peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or without h-place, in which fuch manufacture, trade, or bufinefs fhail be	rom	a

carried on, expreHing the caufe or reafon of giving or granting/

the fame, which licence it fhail be lawful for one fuch juftice to grant, whenever the qualified journeymen or workmen ufually employed in any manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, (hail refufe to work therein for reafonabie wages, or to work for any particular perfon or perfons, or to work with any particular perfons, or (hall, by refufing to work for any caufe whatfoever, or by mif-conducting themfelves when employed to work, in any manriS* impede or obftruct the ordinary courfe of any manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, or endeavour to injure the perfon or perfons carrying on the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That if any actcion or fuit Limitation of (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for actions, any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in purfuance

of this a<t, or for any caufe, matter, or thing herein contained,

fuch action or fuit (hall be commenced within three calendar

months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in

the proper county; and the defendant or defendants in fuch ac- General iflue*

tion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial

matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and if upon trial a

verdict; (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff

or plaintiffs become nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their

action or profecution, or judgement fhail be given again (I him,

her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant

or

' Hosted by Google

Treble cods.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 81. [1798.

or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

SCHEDULE to which this A£t refers.

FORM of conviftion and commitment.

BE it remembered, That on the	day of

in the	year of hisvMajefty’s reign, and in the year of

our Lord	A. B. is convidled before me [or us, naming

the jufices], one [or two] of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county, [or riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place], of	of	having	[fating the 0fence], contrary to the

ftatute made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft, [here fet forth the title of the aft], and I [or we], the faid juftice or juftices, do hereby,order and adjudge the faid A. B. for the faid offence, to be committed to and confined in the common gaol for the faid county, [or riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place], for the fpace of [or to be committed to the houfe of corredfion at within the faid county, [or riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place], there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of

Given under my [or our] hand [or hands], the day and year above written.

FORM of conviction in a pecuniary penalty.

BE it remembered, That on [purfiling the fame form as far as the title of this aft], and I [or we] the faid juftice [or juftices], do hereby adjudge and determine the faid A. B. for the faid offence, to forfeit and lofe the fum of	of lawful

money of Great Britain, and do order the fame to be forthwith paid by him [or her], into my [or our] hands, for the ufe of his Majefty.

Given under [as before].

FORM of commitment of a perfon fummoned as a witnefs.

WHEREAS C. D. hath been duly fummoned to appear and give evidence before me [or us], [naming thejufice or juf ices who iffiied the fummons] one [or two] of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county [or riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place], of	on this	day	of	at

being the time and place appointed for hearing and determining the complaint made on the oath of [the informer or profeentor], before me [or us], againft A. B. of having [fating the offence as laid in the informationJ, contrary to the ftatute made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft, [here infert the title of the aft] : and whereas the faid C. D. hath not appeared before me [or us], at the time and place aforefaid, fpecified for that purpofe, or offered any rea-, fonable excufe for his [or her] default: [or, and whereas the faid C. D. having appeared before me [or us], at the time and place aforefaid fpecified, for that purpofe, -hath not fubmitted to

be

Hosted byCjOO^Ic

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 82.	351

be examined as a witnefs, and give his [or her] evidence, before me [or us], touching the matter of the laid complaint, but hath refufed fo to do : therefore 1 [or we] the faid juftice [or juf-tices], do hereby in purfuance of the faid ftature, commit the faid C. D. to the [describing the prifon~], there to remain without bail or mainprize for his [or her] contempt aforefaid, until he [or (he] (ball fubmit himfelf [or herfelf] to be examined and give his [or her] evidence before me [or us] touching the matter of the faid complaint, or fhall otberwife be difcharged by due courfe of law: and you the [conftable, or other peace officer or officers to whom the warrant is dire&ed], are hereby autho-rifed and required to take into your cuftody the body of the faid C. D. and him [or her] fafely convey to the faid prifon, and him [or her] there to deliver to the gaoler or keeper thereof, who is hereby authorifed and required to receive into his cuftody the body of the faid C. D. and him [or her] fafely to detain and keep purfuant to this commitment.

Given under my [or our] hand [or hands] this day of	in	the	year	of our Lord

This commitment to be direfled to the proper peace officer and the gaoler or keeper of the prifon.

C A P. LXXXII.

An aft to explain and amend an aft, pajfed in the thirty-fix th year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An acf for amending, and reducing into one a61 of parliament, two feveral acfs, pafled in the'thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the better ordering the militia of the city of London, and for the further regulating the trained bands or militia of the faid city.—[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS an aft was pajfed in the thirty-fixth year of the Preamble,

reign of his prefent Majejly^ intituled. An a 61 for amend- 36 Geo. 3. c. ing, and reducing into one a£f of parliament, two feveral atfts, recited, palled in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the better ordering the militia of the city of London, and for the further regulating of the trained bands or militia of the faid city : and tvhereas there are great deficiencies of 7nen in the tivo regiments of London militia, arifeng from defertion \ and there is no provifion made in the faid act for fapplying fuch de-ficiences, and it is expedient that fame further and other powers Jhould be granted for carrying the purpofes of the faid aft into execution; be it therefore enaefted by the King's 1110ft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and The prefent by the authority of the fame, That the prefent deficiencies in	^

the faid two regiments of militia fhall be fupplied by the feveral be replied hi wards of the faid city, and the liberties and precindts within the the propor-feme, in the proportions following; (that is to fay),	tious follow-

ForlnS*

Hosted by Google

352 Anno regni tricefimo none Georgii 11L c. 82* [1793, For the eaft regiment; by the wards of Aldgate, fourteen men i Bajjifhaiv, three men ;

Billing [gate, nine men ; jBijhopfgate Within, ten men;

Bijhopfgate Without, eleven men ;

Bridge, fix men;

Broad Street, eleven men ,

Candlezvick, five men ;

Coleman Street, eight men;

Dow gate, fix men ;	•

Langbourn, llxteen men ;

Lime Street, five men;

Portfoken, ten men ;

Power, fix teen men;

And, for the weft regiment; by the wards of

Alderfgate TVthin and	Martin's Le Grand, four men;

Alderfgate Without, five men;

Bread Street, fix men ;

Cajlle Baynard, ten men ;

Cheap, ten men ;

Cordwainer, five men ;

Cripplegate Within, ten men ;

Cripplegate Without, eight men ;

Farringdon Within, nineteen men ;

Farringdon Without, forty-four men;

Sfueeiikithe, five men ;

. Vintry, five men;

Walbrook, fix men.

Commiflion-	II. And be it further enafled, That his Majefty’s commiffioners

nanc^ to^fl'ue ^eutenancy f°r the city of London, at any of their courts of precepts to ^ lieutenancy, fhall, and they are hereby required to ifiue precepts the refpedtive to the aldermen, deputies, and common councilmen of the feveral wards, to raife wards of the laid city and the liberties and precincls within the ‘^proper- fame, requiring them to caufe the number of men, herein-before 10ns*	appointed,	to	be raifed in their refpeefive wards, to be provided ;

and the aldermen or deputies, and common councilmen of the feveral wards aforefaid, or the major part of them, fhall provide the number of men directed to be raifed in their refpedtive wards, in the fame manner, and with the fame powers, and under and fubjeft to the feveral claufes, regulations, provisions, diredlions, matters, and tilings, in the faid a£t contained, with refpedf to the raifing of the number of men thereby ordered and directed to be raifed.

If deferters or HI. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any militia man abfentees be ferving in the faid militia fhall defert or abfent himfelf from his

don^return duty, anc*	not	return	or	be taken	tiie	*Pace th.ree

in three " calendar months from the time of his fo deferting or abfenting months, the himfelf, then, upon certificate thereof from the commanding of-commiflioners flcer 0f regiment to which fuch militia man ftiall belong, to provide	to

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 82. .	353

to the faid commiffioners of lieutenancy, at any of their courts of°ther men out lieutenancy, the faid commiffioners (hall and are hereby required,^ e rop ? out of the trophy taxraifed for the faid city, within ten days next following, to provide another man in the place of him fo de-fertmg; and in cafe fuch militia man fhaJl at any time return, or Deferters, if be Token, he (hall, notwithttanding any perfon (hall have been t^n*ikd>to provided to ferve in his room, be compelled to ferve in the famefer™ey e manner, and for the fame term, as if no perfon had been provided in his room.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any of the pri- Commiffion-

vates ferving in the faid militia (hall be promoted to the rank	^°V1	e

ferjeants or corporals therein, and the commanding officer of the trophy tax regiment in which fuch private or privates ffiall ferve, {hall cer- men to ferve tify fuch promotion to the faid commiffioners, then the faid com- instead ofthofe miffiioners ffiall and are hereby required, out of the trophy tax promotec** raifed for the faid city, to provide another man or men to ferve

in the lieu and ftead of fuch private or privates fo promoted; and all fuch men as ffiall be fo provided by the faid commiffioners, as well as all fuch as have been heretofore raifed by the faid commiffioners in lieu of deferters, and all fuch as ffiall be hereafter A raifed either by the aldermen, or deputies and common council, or by the faid commiffioners, in purfuance of this adf, in lieu of deferters, ffiall be allotted to the fame pariffies as the men were in whofe room they are or ffiall be refpedtively raifed, and ffiall be entitled to the fame benefits in confequence of fuch allotment as other men ferving in the faid militia are or ffiall be by virtue of the faid acf, or of this prefent adf.	^	fer'eant

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That in addition to the num- major, and a ber of ferjeants by the faid a£l directed to be appointed to the quartermafter faid miiitia, there ffiall be added one ferjeant to adl as ferjeant ferjeant, to be major, and one other ferjeant to a£t as quarter matter ferjeant, adc\ed to each to each of the faid regiments, over and above the proportion of g ferjeants and corporals by the faid adl diredfed.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the claufe in the faid a&^citeda& re-which dire&s that ferjeants or corporals of the faid militia may, pealed. * by fentence of a court martial, be reduced to privates, ffiall be,

and the fame is hereby repealed ; and, in lieu thereof, be it ena&ed. That any ferjeant or corporal of the faid militia mayv^°^offi^ra by fentence of a court martial, be reduced to the condition of a may be reprivate foldier of the faid militia, to ferve as fuch during any duced to pri-time not exceeding fifteen calendar months, if the regiment ffiall vates for a cer-not be then embodied or in a£fual fervice, but if the regimenttainUme* ffiall be then embodied or in actual fervice, to ferve as aforefaid until the fame ffiall be difembodied, after which time, or at the end of the faid fifteen calendar months, as the cafe may be, if not regularly re-appointed to the rapk of a non-commiflioned officer, he ffiall be difcharged from the fervice.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That the claufe in the faid Claufe 44* of

adl, which directs how the charges of pay, cloathing, trophies,	*	re~

and other incidental expences of the faid militia are to be defrayed, ffiall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and, in lieu

Vol. XLII.	A	a	thereof.

Hosted by Google

How the pay, &c. of the militia is to be defrayed.

Colle&ors of the month’s tax neglecting theirduty may be fined.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii.III. c, 82. [1798.

thereof, be it enacted, That for defraying the neceflary charges of pay, cioathing, trophies, and other incidental expences of the faid militia, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners to continue to raife and levy, in every year, the proportion of one month’s tax, amounting to four thoufand fix hundred and fixty-fix pounds thirteen (hillings and four-pence, which the faid city hath been ufed to pay by virtue of an act of parliament, pafled in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for ordering the forces in the feveral counties of this kingdom ; and the faid com-miflioners (hall be accountable for the fame, in manner directed by the faid a61 of the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his pre-fent Majefty; and that no warrant (hall be iffued for the raifing of any trophy money, till the juftices of the peace, or the major part of fuch juftices, at fome general or quarter feffions for the (aid city, fhall have examined and allowed the accounts of the trophy money laft raifed, levied, and collected, and certified ' fuch examination of the faid accounts under the hands and feals of three or more of fuch juftices to the faid commiflioners; and if at any time the faid proportion of one month’s tax as afote-faid (hall not be fufficient for the feveral purpofes aforefaid, or if at any time, on account of the faid proportion of one month’s tax as aforefaid not being and in a courfe of payment, the faid commiftioners (hall not have fufficient funds in their hands to an-fwer the feveral purpofes aforefaid, then the receiver general of the land tax for the faid city fhall, and he is hereby required to iflue and pay, from time to time, to the treafurer appointed by the faid commiftioners, upon his producing an order of the court of lieutenancy for that purpofe, figned by nine commiftioners, fo much money as fhall be neceflary fdr the purpofes of training, exercifing, paying, cioathing, employing, and keeping in readi-nefs, the faid militia, and other incidental expences relating thereto; and the receipt of the faid treafurer, indorfed on the faid order, (hall be a fufficient difeharge to the faid receiver general for the money fo to be iffued and paid by him: provided always, That of all fuch fums of money as fhall be iffued and paid by the faid receiver general, for the purpofes aforefaid, the faid commiftioners (ball, once in every year, certify an account, under the hands of any nine or more of them, of the expenditure thereof, to the faid receiver general; and the faid receiver general fhall not iffue and pay to the faid commiftioners, in any fuc-ceeding year, any further or other fums of money, until fuch time as the accounts of the expenditure of all fums of money received by them of him, in the preceding year, (hall have been duly certified to him as aforefaid, as alfo that the faid com-miffioners have ufed all due diligence in the collection and obtaining payment of the faid proportion of one month’s tax as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any of the collectors, duly appointed for the collection of the faid proportion of QUe month’s tax as aforefaid, fhall hegleft or refufe to perform

his

1798.] Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 82.	355’

his duty in the collection thereof, or having collected tHe. fame,

(hail neglect or refufe to pay the fame to the treafurer, appointed by'the (aid cornmiftioners, it (hall be lawful for any of (his Ma-jePry^s juftices of the peace for the faid city, to fummpn tfie party before him or thein, and to fine him for .fuch his v neglect or re-, fufal, any Turn not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds, to be levied by difirefs and fal'e of the offender’s goods and chattel, (

(in cafe fuch fine (hall not be forthwith paid), by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals,, of any one or more • of the faid judices, caufing the overplus, if any, after, deducting, the charges of fuch diftrefs and Tale, to be rendered to the party,; and the penalty fo adjudged dial I be paid to the treafurer to. the faid commiflionefs, to be applied by him as they {half direbl. . ,

IX.	And be it further enabled, That the claufe in. the jfaid CJaufe 50, of abt of the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefenff Majefiyyrecited ad, which direbls relief to be given to the families of perfons ferving ^pealed from in the faid "militia, when embodied and called into actual fer- u%'tf ncxt* vice, and ordered to march in manner therein mentioned,,fliall

be, arid the fame is, from and after the firft day of Augujl next, hereby repealed,’	....	.,	...	•

X.	And whereas the families of 7?ien ferving in the faid militia, :j	:

when embodied and called out' into aftualjervke and ordered to march, „

may become chargeable to the parijhes and liberties whereunto they, are allotted; and the families offerjeants, corporals, drummers, andfifers^^., ferving therein, when embodied and called out into alytnal.fezvice and	. •	,

ordered to march, may become chargeable to the parijh to which, they	, ;

belong ; and it is necefjary proviftonjhould be made for fuch families ; be it therefore enabled, "That, from and after the laid firft day if non-com-of Augujl next, if any perfon ferving in the faid militia, .or any miffioned perfon ferving in the room or place pf any man originally ^enrrl?cers>^drum*!-rolled to ferve therein, <j>r any 'ferjeafit, corporal, drummer, or ^tes? whea^ ' fifer, ferving therein, (hall, when embodied and called’ out into ordered to n ablual fervipe, and ordered to march, leave a family unable to march,; leave -fupport'themfelves, and refiding in the faid city, or within three	be-

miles thereof, the churchwarden or churchwardens, or overfeer theyffialTbe or overfe^rs of the poor of the parifh or liberty to .which fuch Relieved-by the perfon fhall be allotted, (hall, by order of the lord mayor, or parifh officers any other magistrate of the city of London, out of the rates for out of-the poor the relief of the poof of fuch parifh or liberty, pay to fuch fa-Tates* mily fuch weekly allowance, as to the faid lord mayor of the faid other magiftrate (hall feem expedient, not exceeding the. rate of one (hilling and fixpence per. week for. each’ and every chikl born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years; and not exceeding the rate of two (hillings per week for the wife of fuch, ^ . militia man, whether (he (hall or (hall not have any child or children, and provided the does not follow the regiment ; and in every pari(h or liberty yvtyere the money ^rifing by fuch rates (hall not be fufHcient for the^puVpofes aforeXaid, a new . rate or. rates fhali be made for raifing a fum fufficiept for."that pu,rpofe : . and in cafe any ferjeant, corporal, drummer, .or fifer?' ferving in the faid militia, who (hall not be allottedfto any parifh or liberty,

A a 2	or

(	Hosted	by	Google

356 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 82. [1798.

or whofe allotment (hall have ceafed by promotion as aforefaid, (hall, when embodied and called out into adtual fervice, and ordered to march, leave a family unable to fupport themfelves, who (hall not belong to the parilh, liberty, tything, or town-(hip, where they (hall dwell at the time of being fo embodied and called out into aftual fervice, and ordered to march as aforefaid, then the churchwarden or churchwardens, or overfeer or overfeers of the poor of the parifli, liberty, tything, or town-fhip, where fuch family {hall dwell, (ball, by the order of fome one juftice of the peace of the refpective county, city, divifion, or place, out of the rates for the relief of the poor of fuch pa-rifh, liberty, tything, or townfhip, pay to fuch family fuch weekly allowance as to fuch juftice {hall feem expedient, not exceeding the faid rate of one {hilling and fixpence per week for each child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years, and not exceeding the faid rate of two {hillings ptr week for the wife of fuch ferjeant, corporal, drummer, or fifer, whether (he (hall or (hall not have any child or children, and provided (he does not follow the regiment; and in every parilh, liberty, tything, or townfhip, where the money arifmg by fuch rates fhall not be fufRcient for fuch purpofe, a new rate or rates (hall be made for If the family railing a fum fufficient for that purpofe; and every fuch loif8 to the weekly allowance (hall be forthwith reimburfed to the church-r?f?f the trea-warc*en or churchwardens, or overfeer or overfeers of fuch pa-furertothe riftl, liberty, tything, or townfhip, by the treafurer to the faid commiffioners commiftioners, on his or their producing and leaving with him ^^jphurfe a certificate of the order of the juftice allowing fuch relief; to^t? °wance which certificate the faid juftice is hereby required to grant accordingly.

not re XI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That fuch ?ding within families of the men, ferving in the faid militia, as fhall not recertain limits fide within the city of London, or within the diftance of three not entitled to miles therefrom, fhall not be entitled to any relief under the faid relief, and of a£j- Qf the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, enrolle%e^>nlv or °f': this a<5t ; and that the families of perfons hereafter to be forthechild/ enrolled to.ferve in the faid militia, (hall not be entitled to fuch relief for more than one child born in wedlock previous to the time of the enrolment of fuch perfons refpe&ively ; and that no order for the relief of the family of any man ferving in the faid militia fhall be valid and effectual, unlefs certificates of the marriage and baptifm (or of marriage only in the cafe of a wife) fhall be annexed to fuch order for relief; any thing in the laft-mentioned a£i contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

The commif- XII. And be it further enabled, That the faid commiftioners, j0ner^./0rty at their faid courts, (hall, and they are hereby required, forty the tfme°of days at the before the time of fervice of any man or men fervice of any ferving in the faid militia (hall be expired, to iflue a precept or man is ex- precepts to the alderman, deputy, and common council men of pired, fhall if- t^e warj 0f the faid city, for which fuch man or men (hall be for prodding	requiring them to provide another man or men in the

another-man room of fuch man or men, whofe time of fervice (hall be fo expiring;

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimonono Georgii III. c. 82.	357

piring ; and the alderman or deputy, and common council men of fuch ward, or the major part of them, fhall provide the man, or the number of them fpecified in fuch preceptor precepts accordingly, in the fame manner, and under and fubjecft to the fame rules and regulatioris, and with the like powers and authorities as are fpecifted and contained in the faid a<St of the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the raifing of men to fefve in the faid militia; and the commanding officer of each of the faid regiments is hereby empowered, from time to time, to difcharge any man or men of his regiment whofe time of fervice will expire within forty days then next enfuing, and to receive any other militia man or men in his or their room, who fhall have taken the oaths, and been enrolled according to the directions of the faid act.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any churchwarden Parifh officers or overfeer of the poor fhall, on demand made in purfuance of refuting to^pay any order of the juftices of the peace for the faid city, made at ^°”t theVef-" their general or quarter feffions for the payment of any fum of f10ns fhall be money, and after the producing of the laid order to him, refufeliable to pe-or neglect to pay and fatisfy the fum or fums of money directed a^d ^ to be paid in or by fuch order, every fuch churchwarden or arievecfmav overfeer of the poor fhall be fubject to the fame penalty, and to|ppeal to the be recovered and applied in like manner, as is directed by the next feffions. faid act in cafes where any churchwarden or overfeer of the poor

fhall refufe to pay any money directed to be paid by the order of any juftice or juftices of the peace; and if any fuch churchwarden or overfeer of the poor fhall feel himfelf aggrieved by any fuch order of the faid juftices of the peace for the faid city,	^

made at their faid general or quarter feffions, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch perfon to appeal therefrom to the next general or quarter feffions of the peace for the faid city, in the like manner as is directed by the faid atf in cafes of appeal from the order of any juftice or juftices of the peace.

XIV.	And be it further enacfted. That if the treafurer to the If the trea-

faid commiffioners fhall at any time refufe to reimburfe any furer	‘the

churchwarden or overfeer of the poor of any parifh, liberty, ^ij^efufe toS townfhip, or tything, any fum or fums of money paid by him in reimburfe the purfuance of any order of any juftices of the peace, for the re- parifh officers lief of the family of any of the perfons ferving in the faid mi- mon^y paid to litia, fuch perfons not being allotted to any parifh or liberty, and bekm^W not belonging to fuch parifh, liberty, townfhip, or tything, hav- to tbe parilh, ing, at the time the fame fhall be demanded, funds in his hands he fhall forfeit applicable for that purpofe, the faid treafurer fo refufing fhall forioh

every fuch refufal forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds, to be recovered by the adjudication of the lord mayor, or other magiftrate of the faid city, in like manner as is directed by the faid acft, in cafes where any churchwarden or overfeer of the poor fhall refufe to pay any money directed to be paid by any order of any juftice or juftices of the peace.

XV.	And whereas by virtue and under the authority of the faid aft of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late

a a 3	majefly

35$ Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 83. [1798.

majejly King Charles the Second, a mufler majler for the purpofes of miijlering the trained bands of the city (j/'London, and examining 'their arms and accoutrements, had always been appointed, which 'office became unnecejfary by the paffing of the aft of the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty^ ffior the better ordering of the militia of the city of London, and it is jujl and reafinable that the perfon who was mufler mafler at the time of the paffing of the la ft mentioned aft^ Jhould have fome indemnity in lieu of Juch of-fee as has been given to mufier mojlers of his Majejly s forces on their offices being abolijhed; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Thomas Gregg, the perlon who was mufter mafter to the faid trained bands at the time of the paffing of thp trained bands, faid laft mentioned aft, fhall receive and be paid out of the faid to be paid 75I. proportion of one month’s tax as aforefaid, the fum of feventy-

tkedionth’s^ ^ve Pounc*s yearly5 for and during the term of his natural life, to be paid to him Half-yearly by the treafurer to the faid com-miffiondrs, out of the ‘produce of the faid proporion of one month’s tax, or until he fhall be appointed by the faid commiffioners to fome office of not lefs than equal value; the faid payment to be computed' and commence from the time of the paffing of the faid aft of the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid aflt of the thirty-fix th year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and all and every the claufes, powers, provifions, directions, penalties, matters, and things therein Contained, fo far as the fame are applicable, and not hereby repealed, fhall be applied and put in execution, with refpeft to this aft, in as full and ample a manner as if they were here again at large repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That this aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick: aft; and'lhall be judicially taken

* hotice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whocn-foever, without fpeciallv pleading the fame.

Mr. Gregg, late mufter mafter of the

tax, until ap pointed to fome office.

Recited aft, as far as applicable, to extend to this aft.

^jpablick aft.

CAP. LXXXIII,

da aft for transferring to the commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts, the duties now performed in the offices of the auditors of the' land revenue; and for direfting the mode of attejling the accounts of the pay mafler general of his Majejly" s forces.—[July 12,

*799-3

Preamble.	7HEREAS	the	three	offices	of	auditors	of the land revenue are

VV holden under patents from the crown by perfons who execute the duties of the fame wholly by deputy : and whereas it would be conducive to the publick fervice if the accounts which are now examined and audited in the faid offices Jhould, on tfie determination of the prefent grantees of the faid offices, be examined arid audited by the commiffi-oners for auditing the publick accounts of the kingdom ; be it therefore enafted by the-King’s mod. excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritpal and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, rr0^vthJ	b>'	tbe	authority	of	the	fame,	That,'from and after .the re-

ve ea	  fpeftive

Hosted by Google

1798 ] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 83.	359

fpedtive deaths of William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey °f the prefent Cooper efquires, Tons of Sir Grey Cooper baronet, Henry Shelly and ^he land re-Thomas Jones efquires, the prefent auditors of the land revenue vemie> their in England and Wales, the faid offices refpecfively, and all the offices to powers, authorities, rights, privileges, and advantages, by the £eafe> ancI no faid patents refpe&iveJy granted and given to them or to any t^bVtaken^8 •f their predeceffors, (hall ceafe and determine, from and after exceptashere« which time no fee, gratuity, perquifite, or emolument whatever, in authorifed. (hall be received or taken by any perfon or perfons whomfoever, employed in making up, paffing, or auditing any accounts under the authority of this a£l, fave and except the fees which by the authority of this adt are herein-after authorifed to be received for the purpofes therein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing herein A&nottoaf-contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend, to affeft the rights fed anyofficer-of any officer or minifter of the exchequer, other than the faid the excfae-auditors of the land revenue, or any perfon or perfons acfiing or appointed by or under them; and alfo except fuch variation with ditors and refpedl to the faid rights as may hereafter be made by authority perfons a&ing of this aft.	under them.

III.	And be it further enadled, That if during the continuance If during the of the patent granted to William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey patent to Cooper efquires, a vacancy (hall happen in the offices of auditor ^ve^#^Cy°^all for Chejler, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, or in the office of the happen in the auditor for the principality of Wales, by the deaths of the faid au- office of auditors for the counties of Chefter, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, ditorforChef-and of the principality of Wales refpe£tively, the duty executed wales^the in each of the faid offices (hall be performed by and with the ap- duty (hall be probation, and under the authority and appointment of the lords performed by commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, or any the deputies, three or more of them, by the perfons who fhall then be the a&ing ^idations^of deputies in the refpedlive departments, fubjedl to fuch an allot- the treafury. ment of the fees and emoluments of office, and under fuch other regulations as the faid commiffioners of the treafury fhall think

fit to diredl, and the furplus of fuch fees fhall be carried to the confolidated fund.

IV.	And in order more effectually to provide, on the abolition of any of the faid offices by virtue of this at7, upon the determination of the inter ejl of the faid grantees, for the examination of the feveral accounts heretofore examined\ tried, and audited, in the refpeflive offices of the auditors of the land revenue in England and Wales, with as little

expence as may be confident with the publick.intereft, be it further on the deter-enacted, That all and every the accounts heretofore examined, mination of tried, and audited, by or in the offices of the feveral auditors of the intereft of the land revenue of the crown in England and Wales, or in either Srantees*

o	9	tile account*?

of them, fhall, from and after the determination of the refpedlive heretofore ex* interefts of each of the faid grantees refpedtively, be examined, amined in tried, and audited, by the commiffioners for examining and au- their offices diting the publick accounts of the kingdom, appointed under the	bX*the

authority of an a£I of the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty, commiffioners intituled, An aft for the better examining and auditing the publick appointed un-

a a 4	accounts	der 25 Geo.j.

*	c. 68.

360 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 83. [1798.

accounts of the kingdom, who (hall be, and they are hereby inverted with all the fame powers and authorities, for the examining, trying, and auditing the feveral accounts herein-before mentioned, as are now vefted in them by virtue of the faid a61 of the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty, for the examining, trying, and auditing the publick accounts of the kingdom, or as are now vefted in the faid refpedfive grantees by any law, ufage, or cuftom; and the faid comtniftioners (hall alfo be, and they are hereby inverted with all the powers and authorities, and fhall be fubjecrt to the performance of the fame duties, and liable to the fame controul, which the auditors of the land revenue are now by law, ufage, or cuftom inverted with, or are fubjedf and liable to, except as the fame are or fhall be affecrted or varied by this a£h All books, V. And be it further ena£ted, That all official books, papers, See. in the faid and accounts whatever, which fhall be remaining in either of the offices of the auditors of the land revenue, on the abolition of each refpecfively, or which have been ufually or ought to have been kept therein, fhall be deemed to be publick property, and fhall be delivered over to fuch perfon or perfons as the commifti-oners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, fhall order and diredh

VI.	And be it further enadled, That all accounts of the expenditure of pubhek money, which have heretofore been parted

(ball, on their in the offices of the auditors of the land revenue in England and abolition, be Wales, or in either of them, fhall from and after the abolition of each office refpe£tively, be delivered to the commiffioners for auditing and examining the publick accounts, together with the vouchers belonging thereunto.

VII.	And be it further enadfed, That in cafe any perfon or Perfons in ex- perfons, in the courfe of their examination upon oath before the amination (aid commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts touching the forTthe (aid6* accounts hereby put under their care and management, or touching any other publick accounts tried and audited by them, fhall wilfully and corruptly declare any matter which (hall be falfe, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof duly convicted, fhall be, and is and are hereby declared to be fubjedt and liable to fuch pains and penalties as by any law now in being perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjecl: and liable to.

V ill. And be it further enabled, That all leafes and grants within the faid refpeClive audits, which, from and after the abolition of each of the faid offices refpeCfively, fhall be made and granted of any part cr parts of the land revenue of the crown in England and Wales, and all and every alignment and affignments which (hall or may from fuch periods refpeclively be made of any leafe beemolled in or grant from the crown, fhall be enrolled and entered in the thC Pk^com °^ce t^ie commiflioners for auditing the publick accounts, Ulioner^ame manner and form as they have been ufed and ac-wh-ch no cuftomed to be enrolled and entered in the refpeclive offices of greater fees the faid auditors of the land revenue, for which enrolment and (hall betaken entry no greaier fees fhall be taken and received than the coriir furv ftiartap^ miifioners of the treafuiy, or the lord high treafurer for the time point. *	J	being,

offices, on their aboli tion, fhall be the property the publick.

All accounts heretofore pa fled in the laid offices

delivered to the commiffioners for auditing the pub-lick accounts.

commiffioners who fhall declare any falfe matter, to be liable to the penalties for perjury.

All leafes and grants made after fuch abolition and a'f gnments thereof, fhall

Hosted by Google

36t

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 83.

being, fhall appoint, not exceeding fuch fees as have been ufed and accuftomed to be taken and received by or in the refpe&ive offices of the auditors of the land revenue in England and Wales.

IX- Provided always, That for leafes of lands, tenements, or For leafes of hereditaments belonging to the crown, no fee whatever fhall demanded, taken or received, if the faid commiffioners of the tak€n }f t^e treafury or lord high treafurer fhall fo diredt; and that fuch, but treafury (hall no greater fees {hall betaken and received from and charged fo diredtj and upon the feveral receivers and accountants, whofe accounts are [he^treafur5 by this adt directed to be examined, tried, and audited by the fhau ^ppdint faid commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts, as the faid fhall be taken commiffioners of the treafury or lord high treafurer fhall appoint, fromaccount-not exceeding fuch fees as have been ufed and accuftomed to be fl^Vl be^^id taken and received from and charged upon fuch receivers and over forthe accountants, by or in the offices of the faid auditors of the land ufe of the revenue, or either of them, which fees fhall be received, ac-publick. counted for, and paid over, for the ufe of the publick in manner herein-after mentioned.

X.	And be it further enabled, That the lord high treafurer, or The treafury commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, fhall

be, and he and they is and are hereby authorifed to appoint fuch	up	ac_

officers, receivers, and clerks, or other perfons, as fhall appear to counts forde-him or them to be neceffiary from time to time for making up claration, and and preparing for declaration the feveral accounts by this a<5t di-refted to be examined, tried, and audited, by the commiffioners overfee^with for auditing the publick accounts, and for receiving, accounting falaries, &c. for, and paying over, the fees to be taken and received under the not exceeding authority of this adf, with fuch fixed falaries to each, as he or they a certain fum* fhall judge proper, add alfo to allow fuch reafonable fums as to him or them fhall feem fit for payment of fuch falaries, and all other incidental charges, to be incurred in the office for auditing the publick accounts, to be paid out of the confolidated fund, not exceeding in the whole the annual fumof three thoufand and forty pounds, in addition to the fum of fix thoufand pounds already directed to be paid fpr the like purpofes, as by an a6t, palled in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled,

Jin a5l for the better auditing and examining the publick accounts of the kingdom, which faid falaries and allowances fhall be to the feveral officers, clerks, and other perfons employed, or to be employed, in the accounts of the land revenue, in lieu of all fees, gratuities, and perquifites whatever.

XI.	And be it further enadted. That the receiver or receivers The receiver fo to be appointed for receiving the fees aforefaid, (hall, in books *}iaP keep and to be provided for that purpofe, keep or caufe to be kept a full, count^ffees true, and particular account of all the fees which fhall be taken to the com-and received for the enrolment and entry of all and every leafe, miffioners grant, and affignment, fo dire&ed to be enrolled and entered in 11

the faid office, for auditing the publick accounts, and of all and every the fees which fhall be taken and received from the feveral quarterly to receivers and accountants, whofe accounts are by this a&theexche-direcied to be examined, tried, and audited, by the faid commif- clut:r.>to be fioners for auditing the publick accounts, and of all other ^confolidated6

monies fund.

Hosted by vjOCK^lC

362 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 83. [1798.

monies to be taken and received for fees under the authority of this aft ; and that fuch receiver or receivers (hall, every fix months and oftener if required, deliver to the commiflioners for auditing the publick accounts for the time being, a full and particular account verified upon oath before the faid commif-fioners for auditing the publick accounts, which oath they the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby au-thorifed and empowered to adminifter, of all the monies received by him or them under the authority of this aft, and {hall pay the whole money fo to be received as aforefaid, at the end of each quarter, into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, under the direftion of the faid commiflioners; and the fame when fo paid {hall by the proper officer be carried to and made part of the con-folidated fund.

The comttiif-lioners (hall adminifter to the perfons examining any publick acounts an oath for their faithful demeanour in performance of their truft.

Accounts to be verified on oath before a baron or the curiitor baron of the exchequer, or the laid commif-fioners.

Accounts of tl > paymafter general to be verified by the accountant general.

Aft not to de-miuifli the

XII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid commiflioners for auditing the publick accounts, or any three or more of them, {hall, and they are hereby authorifed to adminifter to every of the officers and clerks who fhall be appointed as before direfted, and alfo to all clerks and other perfons afting minifterially under them, in examining any of the publick accounts under the management of the faid commiflioners, an oath for his or their true and faithful demeanor in all things relating to the due perform* ance of the truft: repofed in him or them.

XIII.	And whereas it is expedient that the commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts Jbould be authorifed to adminifer an oath to all accountants for the expenditure of publick money, in the fatrie manner as fuch oath is noiv adminijlered by the barons of the coif or curfitor baron of the exchequer: be it further enafted, That all and every the accounts of the expenditure of publick money, except as herein-after mentioned, which are or fhall be delivered into the office of the commiflioners for auditing the publick accounts for the purpofe of being examined and audited, (hall, previous to fuch the delivery thereof into the faid office, be verified and attefted on oath by the feveral accountants, before one of the barons of the coif or the curfitor baron of the exchequer, or before the faid commiflioners of publick accounts, or any three or more of the faid commiflioners, which oath they the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorifed to adminifter.

XIV.	And whereas ii is expedient that the accounts of the paymajler general of his Majeflys forces Jbould be verified by the accountant general of the pay office, in [lead of the paymajler general of the forces: be it therefore further enafted, That, from and after the paffing of this aft, all and every the accounts of the paymafter general fhall be verified and attefted upon oath by the accountant general of the pay office for the time being either before one of the barons of the coif or the curfitor baron of the court of exchequer, or before the faid commiflioners for auditing the'publick accounts, or any three or more of the faid commiflioners, and the paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces fhall not be required to verify .and atteft fuch account, but fhall be exonerated and ex-cufed therefrom.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no-

r*	thing

Hosted by	1C

179^-3 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 84, 85.	363

thing herein contained {hall in any other refpecft extend, or be refponfibility conftrued to extend, to take away, IefTen, diminifh, or alter anyof the pay. of the duties or refponfibility of the paymafter general of his er &ene~ Majefty’s forces, in refpedt of his office of paymafter general, fave and except with refpedt to the verifying and attefting his accounts on oath in manner aforefaid.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An adt to enable the lords commi/Honers of the treafury to contract with the moll noble Charles duke of Richmond, for the abfolute purchafe of the property of the faid duke, and all others interefted in a certain duty of twelve pence per chaldron on coals (hipped in the river Tyne to be confumed in England, and to grant a compenfation for the fame, by way of annuity payable out of the confolidated fund.—[July 12, *799‘]

CAP. LXXXV.

An aft to proteft majlers againjl embezzlements by their clerks or fervants.—[July 12, 1799.J

WHEREAS bankers, merchants^ and others, are, in the courfe Preamble.

of their dealings and tranfaftions^freque?2tly obliged to entrujl their fervants, clerks, and perfons employed by them in the like capacity , with receiving, payings negotiating^ exchanging, or transferrings ..moneys goods, bonds, bills y notes, bankers dr aft x, and other valuable effeftSs and fecurities: and whereas doubts have been entertained whether the embezzling of the fame by fuch fervants, clerks and othersy fo employed by their majlers, amounts to felony by the laiv ^England, and it is expedient that fuck offences Jkould be punifhed in the fame jnanner in both parts of the united kingdom \ be it enadfed and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any fervant or clerk, or any perfon Servants or employed for the purppfe in the capacity of a fervant or clerk, to	'"oir

any perfon or perfons whomfoever, or to any body corporate or feffion an/° " politick, (hall, by virtue of fuch employment, receive or take money or into his poffeffion any money, goods, bond, bill, note, banker’s other effedts draft, or other valuable fecurity, or effects, for or in the name on^their ma£ or on the account of his mafter or matters, or employer or em- anVfi^udu-” * ployers, and fhall fraudulently embezzle, fecrete, or make away lently embez-with the fame, or any part thereof, every fuch offender (hall be zling or redeemed to have felonioufly ftolen the fame from his mafter or cr£tmg mafter-s, employer or employers, for whofe ufe or in whofe name fhaft b^deem-or names, or on whofe account the fame was or were delivered ed to have to, or taken into the poffeffion of fuch fervant, clerk, or other felonioufiy perfon fo employed, although fuch money, goods, bond, bill, 1?°^en note, banker’s draft, or other valuable fecurity, was or were no d ’ otherwife received into the poffeffion of his or their fervant, clerk, or other perfon fo employed ; and every fuch offender, his and fuch of-advifer, procurer, aider, or abettor, being thereof lawfully- com- Abettors

vidled foaJl, on con«*

Hosted by

Google

364

vicVton, be liable to be Iran (ported tor 14 years'.

Preamble. 50 Geo. 3* c. 38.

19 Geo. 3. c, 59.

38 Geo. 3. c. 40.

Licence duties fhall be afcertained houfes, &c. are rated miHer.laft recited ad; and.

Anno regai tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 86. [1798.

vi<5ted or attainted, {hall be liable to be tranfported to fuch parts beyond the Teas as his Majeffy, by and with the advice of his privy council, thall appoint, for any term not exceeding fourteen years, in the difcretion of the court before whom fuch offender fhall be convicted or adjudged.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An aft for afartaining the rate of duty to be paid for retail fpirit licences; and for authorifmg the juflices of the peace for any county to grant licences to fell ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, in cities and places where a fiifficient number of magiflrates cannot be found qualified to grant fuch licences.—[July 12, 1799.J

WHEREAS by an aft^ made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, among other things for repealing the duties upon licences for retailing dijlilled fpirituous liquor 1, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof certain rates of duty are impofed for and in refpeft of licences to retail dijlilled fpirituous liquors or Jlrong waters, according to the rent at which the dwelling-houfe in which the perfon author fed by any fuch licence to retail dijlilled fpirituous liquors or Jlrong waters refided or retailed fuch djlilled fpirituous liquors or Jlrong water's at the time of taking out fuch licence, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, were rated under the authority of an aft9 made in the nine-teenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for impoftng duties on inhabited houfes: and whereas the rates and duties of the faid aft of the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefly's reign are repealed by another aft, made in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majejly'$ reign, and other rates and duties are by the faid lajl-mentioned aft impofed for or in refpeft of inhabited houfes according to the rents therein fpeefied^ and it’ is therefore expedient that the faid licence duties Jhould hereafter be afcertained by the rents according to which divelling houfes fhall be rated under the authority of the faid aft of the thirty-eighth year aforefaid; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing of this ad, the faid licence duties as (hall be afcertained according to the rent at which the dwelling houfe (hall at the time of taking out any fuch licence be rated under the authority of the faid ad of the thirty-eighth year aforefajd; and that in all cafes where the faid ad of the thirtieth year afore-faid mentions or refers to any dwelling houfe, offices, courts, yards, and gardens, as being rated at any rent under the authority of the faid ad of the nineteenth year aforefaid, the fame fhall be deemed and taken to refer to fuch dwelling houfe, offices, courts, yards, and gardens, as being rated at that particular rent under the authority of the faid ad of the thirty-eighth year aforefaid ; any thing in the faid laff mentioned ad contained to the contrary in anv wife notwithftanding.

II. And

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 86.	365

II.	And whereas many perfons, fwce the making of the faid aft of the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majejlys reign, have taken out licences to authorife him, her, or them, to retail dijlilled fpiriluous liquors or flrong waters, and paid for fuch licences the fums of money licences in that behalf fpecified in the faid aft of the thirtieth year afore fa id ;

and it is expedient in rejpedl thereof to make fuch provision as is it, valid, and herein-after mentioned; be it therefore enaded, That every fuch the money licence and payment fhall be deemed good and valid, and the paid for them, money fo paid fhall. be deemed and taken to have been applicable the duties ** to the purpofe for which the faid duties impofed by the faid ad impofed by of the thirtieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign were by that recited a<5t of afl direded to be applied.	3° Geo. 3.

III.	And whereas by an adl, paffed in the fixth year of the reign 6 Geo. 1. of King George the Firjl, intituled, An ad for preventing frauds0, aI* and abufes in the publick revenues of excife, cuftoms, damp duties, poll: office, and houfe money, it is enadled, That all and

every perfon or perfons whatfoever, who fhall have in his or her cujlody any brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits, or flrong waters, exceeding the quantity of fxty-three gallons, Jhall be deemed and taken to be a feller of and dealer in brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits, and flrong waters, and fubjedl to the furvey of the excife : and whereas by an adl, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of King George the Second, inti- 16 Geo. tuled. An ad for the more effedually preventing the fraudulentc* *3-removal of tobacco by land or water, and for the eafe of the fair trader in tobacco; and for afcertaining the rates payable for the poftage of certain letters; and for amending and explaining the laws relating to the fale of fpirituous liquors by retail, it is enadled. That no juflice of the peace, being a common brnver of ale or beer, innkeeper, or difliller, or other feller of or dealer in ale, or any kind of fpirituous liquors, or interefled in any of the faid trades or bufmeffes, or being a vidiualler or maltfler, Jhall, during fuch time as he Jhall be fuch common brewer, innkeeper, difliller, vidiualler, or maltfler, or feller of or dealer in ale, or other fpirituous liquors, or interefled in any of the faid trades or bufmeffes, be capable of or have . any power to grant any licence or licences to any p erf on or peifons for felling ale, beer, or any other liquors by retail: and whereas in divers corporate cities, towns, and places, wherein foreign fpirituous liquors are imported into this kingdom, certain perfons exercifmg corporate offices, and no others, can grant licences for felling ale or beer, or any other liquors by retail therein, and it may happen that fo many of the juflices or magiflrates thereof may be difqualified from granting fuch licences by force of the faid recited abfs, or that a fufficient number of perfons exercifmg fuch corporate offices for the time being may not be qualified to adl therein according to the faid adl, which may be produdlive of great inconvenience, and may be injurious to the publick revenue; for remedy whereof, be, it further enaded. That, from In any place and after the paffing of this ad, in cafe it (hall happen that in where the any city, town, or place, any of the corporate juftices or ma-giftrates thereof for the time being, fhall not be capable of ad- by the two ing in granting fuch licences as aforefaid, by reafon that any fuch laft recited juftice or magiftrate, or juftices or magiflrates therein, is or are rf1s,d*/clua~

afellcr licences for11

Google

retailing liquors, the juft ices for the county at large may grant them at the requeft of the chief magiftrate.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 87. [1798

a feller or fellers of, or a dealer or dealers in, any foreign fpirits, then and in every fuch cafe it fhalf be lawful for any 'juffice or juftices of the peace, acfting in and for the county aflarge, wftMii which fuch city, town, or place, fhall be fituate or next adjoining thereto, at the requeft in writing'of the chief magiftrate of any fuch city, town, or place, to a61 as a juftice of juftices, magiftrate or magiftrates, within fuch city, town, or pi dee, for the purpofe of granting licences to fell ale, beer, or other liquors by retail in fuch corporate city, town, or place, inftead of the juftice or juftices, or magiftrate or magiftrates thereof disqualified as aforefaid; any a<5t or a6ts, or any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding; and all fuch juftices, fd’required to act as aforefaid, fhall b£ entitled to exerCife the powers and jurifdictions of a magiftrate within fuch city, town, or place, fdr the purpofe of granting fuch licences as aforefaid, and in all things relating thereto, and fhall be deemed and taken to be a magiftrate of fuch city, town, or place, for the purpofes afote-faid; but that fuch juftice or juftices fhall not have any authority, power, or jurifdiction, in fuch city, town, or place, by virtue of this a6t, other than and for the purpofes herein-before mentioned.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An aft for enabling his Majefly, to prohibit the exportation9 and per-mit the importation, of corn9 and for allowing the importation of other articles of provifion9 without payment of duty, to continue in force until fix weeks from the commencement of the next feffion of parliament.—[July 12, 1799.]

Preamble.

His Majefly, in council, may prohibit the exportation of Britifh or foreign wheat, Sec, or permit the importation of foreign corn, &c. in . Britifh vefiels, or in any other veflels belonging to perfons of any country in amity with

WHEREAS it is expedient that a power Jhould be vefied in his Majefly to prohibit, with the advice of hid privy council, the exportation of all or any fort of coni or grain from the ports' of this kingdom, if circumfances Jhould fo require, arid'to permit the importation of all or any fort of foreign corn 'or grain, if circumf ances fliould in like manner fo require: be it enadled by'the King^s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafting of this a6t, and until the expiration of fix weeks from the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefly, his heirs and fuccef-fors, and he and they is and are hereby authorifed, with the advice of his or their privy council, whatever may be the general average price of any of the faid forts of corn or of oatmeal in England or ScotlandI refpedlively, from time to time, when and as often as the fame fhall be judged expedient, to prohibit generally, fof a limited time, the exportation from England and Scotland refpeftively, of any Britifl) or foreign wheat, rye, barley, beer, or bigg, peafe, beans, oats, or any meal or flour, or bread, bifeuit, or malt, made thereof, or any Indiancorn, or maize, or meal, or flour, made thereof; and to permit generally the importation Hosted by Google

179^1 Anno regnitricefimo nono Georgii III* c. 87.	367

portation into England or Scotland refpe&ively, of any foreign his Majefty, corn or other ^articles as aforefaid, in any Britifh fhip or veftel,	™

or in any other ftiip or veffel, belonging to perfons of any ^oufedforefgn. dom or ftate in amity with his Majefty, and navigated in any corn, See. to manner whatever, without payment of any duty whatfoever; be taken out and.alfo the taking out of warehoufe, for home confumption, of^or ll0,.T,e con~ any fuch foreign corn, or other articles as aforefaid, without pay- ^ 1 ment of .any duty whatfoever, and in like manner to recal fuch prohibition or permiflion, either in part or in the whole, if cir~ cumftances /hall appear fo to require, any thing in any aft, or part of any act to the contrary notwithftanding; and if any per- If any perfon ion ftiall export, or fhall load or lay on board any fhip or other ^a!lexP°rt veffel, with intent to export, or if any perfon fhall import any con\T^ry to corn or other articles as aforefaid, contrary to fuch prohibition fuch prohibit, or permiflion of his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy tion or per-council, the perfon fo exporting, or loading or laying on board with intent to export, or the perfon fo importing the fame, (hall^ the penal-be liable and fubjedt to the like forfeitures and penalties ; and ties, and the the faid corn or other articles and the fhip or veffel in which,thecorn, &c.fu;h-, lame (hall be exported or loaded or laid on board, or in which the fame fhall be imported, fhall be fubjedl and liable to the like [mpofed*b3y forfeitures, and in like manner to be fued .for, profecuted, re- 3, Geo 3m covered, and difpofed, as if the faid corn or other articles werec. 30; and exported,.or loaded or laid on board, or imported, contrary to33 Geo. 3. the provisions of two a£ts, the one, paffed in the thirty-firft yearc* 6s% of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a51 for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Britifh corn ex-ported; the other, paffed in the thirty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An a5l to amend an a5f, made in the, thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, c An a5l for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment > of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Britifh corn^ rohib exported:’ provided always. That the power hereby granted to the exporta-his Majefty, his heirs and fiicceffors, with the advice of his or tion of corn, their privy council, to prohibit the exportation from this king-&c- fhall riot dom of any fort of corn, or other articles as aforefaid,. fhall not Rancor/0* * extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any foreign corn, meal, or ^ ware_/ flour, that fhall have been imported and warehoufpd in the man- boufed on the ner and on the conditions mentioned in the before-mentioned conditions of a& of the thirty-firft year of his prefent MajeftyV reign, and 31 Geo fhall not b^ve been taken out of luch warehoufe for home con- fo/home" fumptiom	confumption,	*

II.	Provided alfo, and be lt further enabled. That in every His Majefty; fuch cafe it ftiall and may be lawful for his Majefty,,his; heirsh* council, and fucceffors, with the advice of his or their privy council, to permit the carrying coaftwife, or carrying out, or the exportation ioaftfJif^or of the federal forts of corn, or other articles as aforefaid, for all exportation or any of the purpofes mentioned in the faid two adts^ paffed in of tbe feveral tfie thirty-firft and thirty-third years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or either of them, in like manner and in the fame propor-purp0fesmen.

tions tioned in the

Hosted by

Google

368 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 87. [1798.

laid two a<fts tions and quantities, and from and to the fame ports and place.s

thereb^when as *s a^owe(^ by the ^a*lc^ two a&s> or eit^er of them, at fuch fuch articles tinies as any of the feveral forts of corn or other articles as afore-are prohibited faid are prohibited to be exported, fubjedl to the like fecurities, to be export- conditions, regulations, and reftridtions, forfeitures, and penal-ec**	ties, as are by the faid two a£ls, or by either of them, in any

fuch cafe required and impofed.

His Majefty, HI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paf-maC°Uermit	^is a<^> an(^ unt^ *be expiration of fix weeks from the

the importa- commencement of the next feffion of parliament, it {hall and tion from any may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and he place in any ancj they is ancj are hereby authorifed, with the advice of his or or any veffeV their Pr*vY council, from time to time, when and as often as the belonging to fame (hall be judged expedient, to permit generally, for a limited perfons of any time, the importation into Great Britain, from any port or ltate in amity place whatever, in any Britifb (hip or velfel, or in any other fhip

with hie Mo. r	rriii	•	r	c r	i- ,	n 7 . .	<r

or vellel belonging to perfons or any kingdom or ltate in amity with his Majefty, and navigated in any manner whatever, any beans, called Kidney or French Beans, tares, lentiles, callivances, and all other forts of pulfe, and alfo bulls, cows, oxen, calves, fheep, lambs, and fwine, beef, pork,v mutton, veal, and lamb, whether falted or otherwife, bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheefe, potatoes, rice, fa*go, fago powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four crout, without the payment of any duty whatever, at all times before the faid expiration of fix weeks from the commencement of the next fef-fion of parliament j and in like manner to recall fuch permiflion, either in part or in whole, if circumftances (hall feem fo to require ; any thing in any a6l or a6ts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Such articles	Provided always, and be it further enadled. That a due

with tlieoffi- entrY fhall be made of all fuch beans called Kidney or French Beans, tares, lentiles, callivances, and all other forts of pulfe, and of fuch bulls, cows, oxen, calves, fheep, lambs, and fwine, beef and pork, veal, mutton and lamb, bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheefe, potatoes, rice, fago, fago powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four crout, that fhall be imported by virtue of this a6l, or any order in council made under the authority thereof, with the proper officers of the cuftoms at the port into which the fame {hall be imported ; and in default thereof the fame fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms. Recovery and y. And be it further enabled, That all penalties and forfei-penaltfe9°n °ftures created and incurred by this a6f, (and not herein otherwife P * specially directed to be profecuted and recovered), {hall and may, be fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of, in fuch manner, and by fuch ways, means and methods, as any penalties incurred on any goods, fhips, or veffels, forfeited for any offence againft the laws of cuftoms, may now be legally fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of; and the officer or officers concerned in feizures or profecutions under this a<5t, (hall be entitled

cer of the cuftoms at the port of importation, on pain of forfeiture.

jelty, of certain articles duty free.

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii Ilf. c. 88.	369

titled to and receive fuch {hare of the produce arifing from the feizures, as they are now by law entitled to upon profecution of feizures for unlawful importation, and to fuch (hare of the produce arifing from any pecuniary fine or penalty, or compofition paid for any offence againft this aft, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to, upon profecutions for pecuniary penalties.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That copies of fuch orders as Copies of or-fhall be made by his Majefty in council, for any of the purpofes ders m. conn-mentioned in this aft, if made when parliament is fitting, fhall be laid before both houfes of parliament, within three days after liament/ the fame (hall have iffued; and if made when parliament is not fitting, then within fourteen days after the meeting of the next fefiion of parliament.

CAP. LXXXV1II.

An aft for erefting the county of Ed inburgh into a feparate dijlrift, for the purpofe of regulating the importation and exportation of corn.—[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS hy an aft, made in the thirty-fitjl year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled.\ An aft for regu- 31 Geo. 3, lating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment c. 30. of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Britijh corn exported; it wasy among other things, enafted, That, for better afcertaining the prices of corn and oatmeal for t hr purpofes in the fiaid aft mentioned., the feveral maritime counties of that part of Great Britain called England, and afo the fever al counties of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fkould be divided into dijlrifts; and that the counties of Fife, Kinrofs, Clackmannan,

Stirling, Linlithlow, Edinburgh, Haddington, Berwick, Roxburgh, Selkirk, and Peebles, Jhould be the thirteenth dijlrift • and, hy the faid aft, corn was permitted to be carried coaflivife, in the tnanner and under the regulations by the faid aft prefcribed: and whereas another aft ivas made in the thirty-third year of the reign 33 Ceo. 3. of his prefent Majefty, for amending the faid aft: and whereas it is c* ^5* found expedient that the county of Edinburgh Jhould be disjoined from the aforefaid thirteenth dijlrift, and be erefted into a dijlrift by itfelf: be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the The county aforefaid aft made in the thirty-firft year of his Majefty’s reign, Edinburgh as unites the county of Edinburgh with the other counties j.ated fromthe above mentioned, forming the thirteenth diftrift, fhall be, and the other conn-fame is hereby repealed ; and the aforefaid counties of Fife, Kin- ties forming rofs, Clackmannan, Stirling, Linlithlow, Haddington, Berwick, Rox- the 13th dit-burgh, Selkirk, and Peebles, (hall be and continue the thirteenth ^cited diftrift, fubjeft to the fame rules and regulations.to which they a.^ were fubjeft and liable before th<? pafiing of this aft.

Vol. XLIL	B	b	IL	And

Hosted by Google

37° Anno regnl tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 89. [1798.

lt ena&ed, That the faid county of Edinburgh iVfd? w\l the	^or	pnrpofes of the faid afts, be, and be deemed to be,

17th*; and the feventeenth diftrift, and a diftrift by itfelf; and that the the monthly monthly prices to be afcertained within the city of Edinburgh^ prices of and returned by his Majefty’s fheriff depute in the way and within Edin- manner prefcribed by the aforefaid afts, fhall regulate the im-burgh, fhall portation and exportation of ail kinds of corn, meal, and flour, regulate the with the duties and bounties thereon, and the carrying the fame importation coaftwife to and from the port of Leith, and creeks belonging lion TrU~ t^leret0 f a°d that ah the rules and regulations contained in the aforefaid afts relative thereto, and to warehoufing, and taking the fame out of warehoufes, fhall be applicable to the faid feventeenth diftrift, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if it had been conftituted a diftrift by the firft recited* a ft.

Jonnmum* III. And be it enafted, That this aft (hall continue and be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one.

CAP. LXXXTX.

An aEl for regulating the mariner in which the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, Jhall hire and take up jhips for their regular Jervice.—[July 12, 1799.]

Preamble.

TheEaft India company {hall employ in their fervice no (hips but filch as fhall be contracted for, for fix voyages, and fhall advertife for propofals, and accept the loweft terms.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the manner in which the Jhips hired and taken up for the fervice of the united company of mer~ chants ^England trading to the Eaft Indies, fiould be regulated as hereinafter mentioned; be it therefore enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this aft, the faid united company, or their court of directors, (hall employ in their regular fervice no fhips but fuch as fhall be contracted for to ferve the faid company, as they fhall have occaiion to employ them in trade and warfare, or any other fervice, for fix voyages to and from India or China, or elfewhere within the limits of the faid united company's exclufive trade; and that, from time to time, whenever the faid united company (hall have occafion to caufe any (hip or fhips to be built for their fervice, the court of direftors of the faid united company fhall give notice thereof by publick advertilement, and therein ft ate the burthen of the fhip or fhips wanted, the dimenfions or fcantlings of timbers and planks, number of guns, manner of building, providing, furnifhing, and ftoring fuch fhips, the time to be allowed for building, (which fhall be as long as reafonably may be), and other particulars ne-cefTary to enable perfons to judge of the expences thereof, and the proper rate of freight for fuch {hips refpeftively, or fhall refer to and give information of all fuch particulars by their proper officer; and the faid advertifement fhall fix a time (not iefs than four weeks from the publication thereof) for receiving

*	pro*

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono GeorgiiIII. c. 89.	371

propofals in writing, fealed up, for building and freighting the fame to the company, fuch propofals to fpecify the lowed rates of freight, or, if the company ffcall require it, of freight and de-morage in time of peace, required for fuch (hips for fix voyages to and from India or China, or elfewhere within the limits of the company’s exclufive trade, to be employed in trade and in warfare, or otherwife, as fhall be thought proper by the company, if the faid (hips refpedively (hall fo long be fit for the company’s fervice; and that all the tenders or propofals which (hall be made in porfuance of fuch notices, (hall be put into a ^ox locked and fealed, which fhall not be opened, except publickiy in a court of diredors, and the contents of fuch propofals refpedively fhall be entered in a book, and the propofals offering the lowed peace freight, or peace freight and demorage, as the cafe may be, fhall be accepted without favour or partiality ; and in cafe more fhips than fhall be wanted fhall be tendered to be built at the fame low freight, then the court of diredors fhall determine which of the faid propofal or propofals fhall be accepted.

II.	And be it further enabled, That over and befides the The court of

peace freight and demorage herein-before mentioned, the courtdirectors may of directors fhall be at liberty to make fuch agreements with the^^sa^^“ owners of the faid fhips, either from voyage to voyage, or for the fhip own-the whole term of the faid fhips being engaged in the (aid com-ers for afeer-pany’s fervice, for the afeertaining and payment of the additional taining addi-charges arifing to the faid owners in time of war and hofiilities,	0£rgcs

or preparations for war and hoftilities, as the faid court of di- war, or pre-reclors fhall think right and juft.	parationtor it.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That it fhall The directors be lawful for the faid court of directors, if they fhall fee fit, to mayenterinto advertife for and receive propofals, and enter into agreements, agreements for fhips to be built for the fervice of the faid company for fix ^ates^r™ament voyages, at permanent rates of freight and demorage for time of freight and peace, and alfo at eftablifhed rates of additional freight and de- demorage for morage to be paid during the prefent war, and that in thSt cafet,x^e®

they fhall be at liberty, and are hereby required to accept fuch additional propofals as, both circumftances being confidered, fhall appear rates during upon the whole to be the loweft and moft for the advantage of the the prefent faid united company, without favour or partiality, and to enter war# into permanent agreements accordingly; and in cafe two or more propofals fhall offer terms equally advantageous, the faid court of directors fhall determine which of them fhall be accepted.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That nothing Aft not to herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, t0 reft or,/to ac " oblige the faid court of diredors to accept or enter into any cept°unrfori* agreement, or any propofal or propofals which they, or the ma- able propofals, jor part of them, (hall deem to be unreafonable, although fuch although the propofal or propofals may be the loweft and the moft advantar lowe*t# geous which may be offered.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That in cafe a

any regular ftiip which, fince the twentieth day of March oneOT captured

3b 2	thoufand	before the

Hosted by Google

372	Anno	regni	tricefimo nono Georgii III, c. 89. [1798.

h°mfifth<,n °^°ufand ^even hundred and ninety-fix, hath been engaged in voyage, the l^e reSu^ar fervice of the faid united company* or which now is, dire dors may01* hereafter fhall be* engaged in the faid fervice for fix voyages* agree with the hath been* or (hall be, loft or captured before the completion owners to Gf her fifth voyage, if upon a full inveftigation of the circum-upon certain* ^ances	l°fs by *he court of directors, or fome corn-

conditions* mittee thereof* the commander and owners of fuch fhip fhall be fully acquitted from all imputation of negledt or mifcondudt in refpedf of fuch lofs, in the opinion of eighteen directors at lead at a court fpecially aflembled for the purpofe of taking the faid commander’s and the owners conduCt into confederation; and provided always. That fuch vote or refolution of the court of directors fhall be reported to a general court of proprietors, ancr fhall after fuch report be confirmed by way of ballot by three parts in four of the proprietors aftembled in general court fpe-cialiy convened for that purpofe, whereof eight days previous notice of the time and purpofe of fuch meeting fhal] be given in the London Gazette; and if fuch commander fhall be then living* or if he fhould have loft his life, or have been abfolutely difabled from further fervice on the occafion which produced the lofs of the faid fhip, and the chief officer of the faid fhip fhould have exerted himfelf honourably for her defence and fafety, either in fight or diftrefs at lea* and fhall be acquitted in manner herein-before mentioned, from all imputation of neglect or mifcondudt in refpeCf of fuch lofs, and fuch acquittal (hall alfo be confirmed in manner herein-before mentioned, then it (hall and mav be lawful for the court of directors to agree with the owners of fuch fhip fo loft to build another fhip, for the fervice of the faid company, to be employed by them at the fame freight and demorage, and upon the fame terms for and on which fuch loft fhip was originally taken up for the number of voyages which fuch loft fhip had not completed of the number of voy-. ages originally contracted for, fo as the owners fhall agree that, at the expiration of the remaining voyage or voyages, fuch new fhip (hall continue in the fervice of the faid united company until fhe fhall have performed fix voyages, which fubfequent voyages (hall feverally be performed at the lowed rate of freight and demorage, either in peace or war, which (hall be payable in refpeCt of the fhip of a fimilar defcription as to the equipment contracted for laft, before the faid fhip fhall proceed upon each of the faid fubfequent voyages: provided always, That fuch fhip fo rebuilt fhall be commanded in the firft inftance by the captain of the former (hip* if he be able to ferve, and failing of him by the faid chief officer of the former fnip, if he be able to ferve.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the court of directors of the faid united company, or their fervants abroad, in cafes of unforefeen exigency, to hire (hips for any particular fervice; and in cafes of (hips fo hired, publick notice fhall be given by advertifement of the (hips or tonnage wanted, and the fervice required, fourteen days at leaft previous to the time appointed for taking up the

fame;

In cafes of exigency, thips may be hived for any particular /errice.

Hosted by Google

373

1798.] AnnoregnitricefiniononoGEORGii IIL c. 90.

fame; and the propofals to be made in purfuance of fuch adver-tifements (hall be put into a box locked and fealed, which /hall not be opened, except publickly in a court of directors, or by the governor and council, where the contra# fhall be made in any of the company’s fettlements in India, and then the loweft tender or tenders fhall be accepted, without favour or partiality, if it fhall be deemed reafonable, and if upon a due examination and furvey the fhip or fhips tendered fhall appear to be in all refpedls fit for the fervice required.

VII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall A# not to

extend, or be conftrued to extend, in any ways to relate to ^TSp^ketsw or vellels hired,or taken up or employed as pacquets, or any ofve(pe]sem_ the (hips or vefTels belonging to or employed in the marine war ployed in the eftabliffiment of the faid united company in the Eajl Indies-, but marine dta-it fhall and may be lawful for the faid united company, and their	iil

court of directors and fervants abroad, to hire, take up, and employ vefTels for thofe purpofes only, in fuch manner as they fhall

fee fit.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That all and every, and fo Bye laws of much and fuch part of the bye laws, rules, and regulations of the company, faid united company, and of their court of directors, now in to this^^to11* force, and hereafter to be made, any ways relating to the fhip-remain in ping concerns of the faid company, and to the commanders and force, officers in their fervice, which are not, or fhall not be incon-

fiflent with or repugnant to the provisions hereby enadled, fhall remain and be of the fame validity, force, and effedf, and fhall be obferved in like manner, to all intents and purpofes, as the fame bye laws, rules, and regulations, or fuch parts thereof as aforefaid, would have been in force, and ought to have been obferved if this adf had not been made; or to reftrain the faid company from repealing or making any bye laws, fo as they fhall pothe inconfiftent with the provilions herein contained; this adt or any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anvwife notwithstanding.

CAP. XC.

An all to amend two acts, paffed in the twenty-fix th and thirtyfe^ venth years of the reign of his prejent Majefly, jo far as the fame relate to the militia of the counties of Middle fex and Surrey; and for applying certain monies remaining in the hands of the clerks ta the deputy lieutenants of the county of Middlefex, and other per-Jons, towards the completing of the faid militia.—[July 12, 1799-1

WHEREAS it is expedient that the feveral alls paffed in the Preamble* twenty- fixth and thirty feventh years of the reign of his pre-fent Mctjejly, refpedting the militia of this kingdom, Jhould he amend-Ad, fo far as relate to the fever al particulars herein-after mentioned, fo far as relate to the county of Middlefex and the county ^/Surrey;

£ b ?	arid

Hosted by Google

S74	Annovregni tricefimo nono Georgii TIL c. 90. [1798.

and that certain [urns of money novu remaining in the hands of the clerks to the deputy lieutenants of the county of Middlefex, Jhould be applied to the completing the militia of the faid county: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaCted; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority The confta- of the fame, That the feveral conftables, tythingmen, headbo-bles, &c. in roughs, and other officers, in the feveral parifhes within the MWdlefexand county Middlefex, and within the county of Surrey, required quired to re- t0 return lifts of perfons liable to ferve in the militia, {hall, within turn lifts of fourteen days after any fuch returns (hall be required, after the perfons liable paffing of this a£f, give or leave notice to or for every occupier militia6to ^ ev€ry dwelling houfe where any perfon fhall refide, within the give notice to	°f	places	for	which	they ac5f as fuch conftables or other

houfekeepers, officers as aforefaid, at his or her dwelling houfe, or where fuch &c. to prepare dwelling houfe (hall be divided into different (lories or apart-

lifts of men ments and occupied diftinCUy by feveral perfons, then to or for rending with .	. r r	n	Jn	J	r	.

them between "le occupier of each diixinct Itory or apartment, to prepare or

18 and 4? years old.

produce, within fourteen days next enfuing the day of giving fuch notice, a lift in writing, to the bed of his or her belief, of the chriftian and furname of each and every man refident in fuch dwelling houfe, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five 5 and every fuch occupier lhall, after fuch notice fo given or left, make out fuch lift, and fign the fame with his or her own name, and {ball deliver the fame, or caufe the fame to be delivered, to fuch conflable or other officer as aforefaid; and if any fuch occupier (hall negledl or refufe to make out, fign, and deliver fuch lift as aforefaid, within the time herein-before limited, or (hall omit any perfon who ought to have been included therein, in purfu-fon who ought a nee of this aeft, every fuch occupier fhall, for every fuch of-to be included. fence> forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding the fum of five pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner as by the faid a<5I of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty, any penalties are di rc&ed to be recovered.

II. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in every cafe where any notice fhall he ferved upon any occupier, being one of tlie people called Quakers, fuch occupier fhall, within (even days after the fervice of fuch notice, produce to the con-ftable or other officer, a certificate under the hands of two or more reputable houfekeepers, being of the people called Quakers, acknowledging fuch man to be one of their perfuafion, according to the directions contained in the faid a 61 of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty, and that in all fuch cafes the conftables or other officers are hereby required to make returns of the perfons refident in the houfes, ftories, or apartments of fuch occupiers, fo certified to be of the people called Quakers, liable to ferve in the militia for the faid counties, in the fame manner as is directed by the faid adls of the twenty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majefty,

III.	And

Penalty of 5I. for not delivering fuch lifts, or omitting any per-

Quakers, to produce a certificate from two Quakers, acknowledging them to be of their perfua-lion.

Hosted by Google

1798*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 90.	375

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon fworn and Subftitutes enrolled to ferve as a fubftitute in the faid militia, and whp fhal) raiment have left in the hands of the clerk to the deputy lieutenants any within one * fum or fums of money, to be paid to fuch fubftitute upon his month after joining the regiment, battalion, or corps, for which he fhall order, fhall have been enrolled, (hall not join the regiment or battalion for

which he fhall have been fvvorn and enrolled, according to fuch them with the order as fhall have been given him in that refped, in purfuance clerk of the of any law now in force refpeding the militia, within one month deputy lieu-after the time appointed by fuch order, that then, and in every tenants, fuch cafe, fuch fubftitute fhall forfeit every fuch fum or fums of money, and fuch fum and fums of money fhall be difpofed of and applied in manner herein-after directed.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the If a perfon palling of this a61, if any perfon chofen by ballot to ferve in the choftn by bal-militia fhall produce a fubftitute, who being duly fworn and en- ^

rolled to ferve in the militia, fhall neverthelefs defert before he tute, who fhall fhall have joined the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia for defert before which he fhall have been fworn and enrolled as a fubftitute as jif j°lns’ aforefaid, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfon pro-ducing fuch fubftitute fhall remain liable to ferve, and fhall be ferve unjefs he compellable and compelled to ferve in the militia for which he produce a was fo ballotted as aforefaid, as if fuch fubftitute had not been iubftitute who fworn and enrolled, unlefs he fhall forthwith produce another Joms* fubftitute who (hall regularly join the faid regiment.

V.	Provided always, That in every cafe where any perfon Where a per*

who {hall be liable to find a fubftitute for the faid militia, fhall Ion liable to pay to the clerk to the deputy lieutenants ading within the faid	^

county of AIiddkfexy and the faid county of Surrey refpedively, a^um rmt ex^. a fum not exceeding the fum of ten guineas, which fuch deputy ceeding ten lieutenants fhall adjudge to be, as near as may be, the current guineas, he price then paid for a volunteer, to be difpofed of and applied in

manner herein-after mentioned, that then, and in every fuch Service, and cafe, fuch perfon fhall be exempt from lervice in the faid militia, be entitled to in the fame manner as if he himfelf had ferved, according to the fame al-the directions of the ads paffed in the twenty-lixth and thirty-	^ ^

feventh years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and fhall be vkled a^'uol entitled to the fame allowance as he would have been by law en- ftitute. titled to, in cafe he had himfelf provided a fit perfon to ferve as his fubljitute in the faid militia.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That the clerk to the faid de- The clerk to

puty lieutenants fhalh within one month after the pa fling of this 'he deputy a.	A	.1	r	q:	,*	1	c	i-	lieutenants to

act, pay over to the commanding officers of the relpedive re- OVtrr to

giments or battalions, all fum and fums of money received by commanding him before the palling of this ad, for and on account of, or officers nil from or for any fubftitute or fubftitutes for the faid militia, and	t'e"l	‘a

Avail alfo from time to time pay over to the faid commanding celve' 'ft officers, within fourteen days after he fhall receive the fame, all fuch fqm and fums of money as he fhall from time to time hereafter receive as aforefaid, from the perfons ballotted to ferve in the faid militia.

Bb 4	VJL	And

Hosted by Google

376

Commanding officers (hall apply the money in railing volunteers, and tranfmit to the general meetings of lieutenancy, a return of men enlifted, and an account of the” money expended.

Any perfon ierving in the militia may beat up for volunteers.

Anno tegni tricefimo nono Georgii 111. c. 90. [1798.

VII. And be further enabled, That the refpe&ive commanding officers of the faid militia (hall, immediately after the receipt of any fuch fum or fums of money, forthwith proceed to the enlifting of volunteers for the fupplying the vacancies in the faid militia, exifting at the time of the paffing of this a£I, and that may hereafter arife therein, and (hall apply all fuch fums of money fo tranfmitted to him as aforefaid in the raifing fuch volunteers, and from time to time, once at leaft in every month after the paffing of this a6I, tranfmit or caufe to be tranfmitted to the general meetings of lieutenancy for the faid county, accurate returns in writing of the refpedlive numbers of effedlive private men that (hall have been enlifted and entered into the faid militia, fpecifying in every fuch return the chriftian and furname, and defcription of the perfon fo enlifted as aforefaid, and fhall tranfmit, or caufe to be tranfmitted therewith, an accurate account of all fums of money expended in raifing fuch volunteers, together with the balance remaining in his hands from time to time for that purpofe.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall be lawful for any officer, ferjeant, or other perfon, ferving for the time being in the laid militia, being thereunto authorifed by the commanding officer for the time being, to beat up for and enlift volunteers to ferve in the faid militia, for the fupplying all fuch vacancies as may be, at the time of paffing this a<5f, in the faid militia, or at any time afterwards fhall arife therein.

IX.	And be it further enadled, That the deputy lieutenants aftembled at the general meetings of lieutenancy, next after the

General meetings,

of ret uni s^ to rece‘Pt °f any fuch returns as aforefaid, fhall make an apportionment of the men fo enlifted as aforefaid, according to the number of men fo enlifted, and the vacancies in the refpedfive pa-rifhes to be thereby fupplied, and alfo as near as may be, according to the feveral and refpedlive amounts of the refpedfive fums that {hall have been paid into the hands of the commanding officers by fuch clerk to the deputy lieutenants, in the manner and for the purpofe aforefaid ; and all vacancies afterwards arifmg therein (hall be filled up, and all ballots for any men to ferve in fuch militia (hall henceforth be regulated according to luch apportionment fo made as aforefaid, in like manner as is provided by any a61 or adfs now in force for the raifing, providing, 2nd recruiting (uch militia, in like manner as if the men fo enlifted and apportioned as aforefaid, had been fupplied by ballot according to the faid a6ts; and the families of riffies to which z\\ perfons enlifted by virtue of this act, and ferving in the faid apportioned. m]ptia, fhall be entitled to the fame allowances from the re-fpective parifhes to which they fhall be apportioned, as by any act of parliament relative to the militia are provided for the families of militia men called out into adtual fervice.

All a<fls re- X. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provifions, htmg to the rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, tend to^hisf" claufes, matters, and things contained in the aforefaid a6is of the aft.	twenty-

make an apportionment of the men enlifted, and all vacancies afterwards to be filled up, and ballots regulated according thereto ; and the families of perfons en-hfted, to be entitled to allowance from the pa-

Hosted by Google

371

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 91.

twenty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his Majefty’s reign, or in any other a£t of parliament relative to the raifing, training, embodying, and calling out of the militia, or providing for the families of militia men called out, or in any a61 to be palled in this feflion of parliament relative to the paying, cloathing, or fubfifting the militia, (hall be applied, praclifed, and put in execution, with refpedt to the militia directed to be raifed by this ad, in as full and ample a manner as if the faid powers, provi-fions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, claufes, matters, and things, were again repeated and enaded in this ad, fo far as the fame are applicable to the pro-vifions of this ad, and are not repugnant to or altered by the exprefs provifions of this ad.

CAP. XCI.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.—[July 12, 1799.]

703,5411. 13s. 4cl. to be raifed by a lottery, to confift of 55,000 tickets at 12I 15s. iod. each. All perfons who have made depofits of il. 5s. lod. for each ticket, purfuant to the refolution of the houfe of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their fubfcriptions at the times following, viz. il. 10s. by Auguft 13, 1799,—d. by Sept. 27,—2b by Nov. 8,—3I. by Dec. 13,—and the remaining 3I. by Jan. 21, 1800, and the contributors for each 12b 15s. iod. advanced, fhall be entitled to fuch lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and thofe that pay contributions before Dec. 12, to be allowed difcount at 3I. per cent, per annum, and to have lottery tickets delivered at ial. 15s. iod. each. Cafhier to give fecuvity to the fatisfaftion of the commifiioners of the treafury ; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commifiioners of the treafury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cafhier. 500,000!. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any fupplies granted this feflion. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the calibers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cahners to return the books, with the undilpoled tickets, with an account of money received and paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or Aik; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 55,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. One prize of 30;oool.—two of 20,000b—three of io,oool.—four of 5,oool.—five of 2,0001.—ten of i,oool —ten of 500I —twenty-fix of iool.—fifty-four of 5cl.—iixteen thoufand fix hundred and fifty of 181.— 20,000b to the owner of the fir It drawn ticket on the twentieth day.—• and 30,000b to the owner of the firft drawn ticket on the twenty-lixth day. Tickets in the outermoft column of the laft mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), Scc. Publiek notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on March 3, 1800. Method to be obferved in drawing, Sec. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the Anns to be printed, Difputcs to be adjufted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets. Offenders (not in prifon) difeovering perfons guilty, to receive a pardon and 50b reward. Managers to be fworn. Caihicr may receive the Aims fubferibed, giving a note for the fame, which fhall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 12b 15s. iod. paid. After Auguft 13, 1709, the cafliier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value one half of the Turn actually fubicribed; and fhall give receipts for the reiki tie ci luch fums after deducting

Hosted by Google

CO

78 Annoregni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c, 92. [1798.

duCting the value of the tickets fo delivered. Contributors not making' good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depofits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, Sec. Commifiioners of the treafury may reward the managers, &c. as they {hall think fit. The 500,0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted this fefiion ; and {hall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on Auguft i, 1800, &c. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered. Sec. and figned, &c. Commifiioners of the treafury empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this a Ct. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies for receipts, &c. on penalty of 20I. No perfon to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unlefs employed as a clerk by the managers, or li-cenfed fo to do. Perfons fo licenfed to receive from the ftamp office numerical books, which fhall be ftamped on every leaf. Commifiioners to grant fuch licences only on account of licenfed lottery offices. Penalty on unlicenfed perfons taking down or publifhing the numbers of tickets drawn, &c. On complaint, the magiftrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Perfons in the actual commilfion of fuch offence may be apprehended by any perfon and carried before a ma-giltrate, who may commit the offender if penalty be not paid. Application of penalties. 50I. penalty on perfons fummoned as witnefles, not appearing, Sec. Commifiioners {ball not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, unlefs it fhall appear that the party is able to anfvver the penalty required by law, and he {hall have depofited a certain number of tickets, See, Perions :o whom licences are granted, to give bond agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. At the end of twelve months after expiration of licences, the commifiioners may give up bonds, or put them in fuit. Licences of perfons neglecting to depofit or divide into fhares fifty tickets to be void ; and the defaulters to be publifhed in the Gazette, &c. In cafes where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void, in fuch cafes licences granted after the commencement of this aCt {hall be void for offences againft this aCt or 27 Geo. 3, c. 1. Licences may be refufed to perfons convicted. 20I. penalty on perfons continuing on their houfes the words Licenfed, See A after the expiration of their licences, See. Executors, Sec. may be authorifed to carry on bufinefs for the refidue of the term of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other fhares than halves, quarters, eighths, and fifteenths, on penalty of 50I. Perfons counterfeiting fihares, Sec. guilty of felony. Perfons preparing, or having in their cuitody any regifter or lift of tickets* but as in this aCt particularifed, or keeping any place for examining tickets by any other than fuch lift, Sec. to forfeit 50I. On complaint on oath of offences againft 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties may be liable to punifhment as rogues, juftices may authorife perfons to break open houfes, Sit. Perfons difeovered in fuch houfes concerned in carrying on illegal tranfaCtions to be punifhed as rogues, and may be arrefted, Sec. Perfons employing or aiding others to carry on fuch illegal tranfaCtions to be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Manner in which aCtions for penalties fhall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties fined for is not inftrted in writs, the defendant to be ferved with a copy of the procefs, Sec. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not removcable by certiorari. General iflue. Treble cofts.

CAP. XCII.

An aft for altering the period of making up the annual account of the duties onJl amp ed vellum, parchment, and paper.—[July 13, 1799- J

Preamble.	/HEREAS by an aft, made in the firjl year of the reign of

1 Ann nr, c. 22.- ** Queen Anne, intituled. An aCt for preventing frauds in her Majefty’s duties upon ftainpea vellum, parchment, and paper, it

is

Hosted by Google

1798-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 93.	379

is dir eft ed, that the annual account of the fi amp duties Jhall he made

up on the firjl day tf/Auguft in every year: and whereas it is expedient

that the faid account fbould be made be made up at a period correfpond-

ing with other accounts of the publick revenue; be it therefore ena6f>

ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice

and confent of the lord’s fpiritual and temporal, and commons,

in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the

fame. That, from and after the tenth day of Augufl one thoufand The annual

feven hundred and ninety-nine, the account of the faid duties the^am^u

{hall be made up annually on the fifth day of January in every ties to be made

year, or at fuch other period as the lords commiHioners of his up on Jan. 5,

Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord yearly, or at

high treafurer for the time being, fhall direct and appoint; any

thing in the faid acf contained to the contrary thereof in any wife treafury fhall

notwithftanding.	diretfa

C A P. XCIIL

An aft to repeal fo much of an aft, pajfed in the feventh year of the reign of Queen Anne, and a Jo fo much of an oft pajfed in the fe~ venteenth year of the reign of his late maiefly King George the Second, as puts an end to the forfeiture of inheritances upon at-tainder of treajon, after the death of the pretender and his Jons.— [July 12, 1799.]

Wr HE RE AS an aft was pajfed in the feventh year of the reign Preamble.

of her late maiefly Queen Anne, intituled, An a61 for im- 7 Annas c. 21, proving the union of the two kingdoms; whereby, amongjl other a°d things, it was provided and enafted, That after the deceafe of theperfon who pretended to be prince of Wales during the life of the late King James, and fince pretends to be King of Great Britain, and at the end of the term of three years after the immediate ficceffon to the crown, upon the demife of her faid late Majefty, fhould take effect, no attainder for treaj on fhould extend to the dijheriting of any heirs, nor to the prejudice of the right or title of any perfon or perfons, other than the right or title of the offender or offenders, during his, her, or their natural lives only; and that it Jhould and might be lawful to every perfon or perjons to whom the right 'or inter eft oj any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, after the death of any fuch offender, fhould or might have appertained, if no fuch attainder had been, to enter the fame : and whereas by another aft, pajfed in the feventeenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An a£fc to make *7 recited it high t re a Ion to hold correfpondence with the Tons of the pre- *'1	0

tender to his Majefty’s crown; and for attainting them of high treafon, in cafe they fhall land or attempt to land in Great Britain, or any of the dominions thereunto belonging; and for fufpending the operations and effe£t of a claufe in the a6t of die feventh year of the late Queen Anne, for improving the union of the two kingdoms, relating to forfeitures for high treafon, until after the difeafe of the fons of the faid pretender ; after reciting fo much of the afore faid aft as hereinbefore recited, it was further enafted %

Hosted by

Google

380

Provifions of the two adts herein recited, repealed.

Preamble#

From March *5> T799> the proportion of fees received by the matter of the mint fhall be applied as herein-after mentioned; and inltead of the pretent falary and fees, he fhall be paid 3,cool, per annum half-yearly.

Taxes to which the matter is now fuhiedfc, to be paid out of the fees Ik rein directed to be accounted for.

Anno regni■■tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 94. [1798.

afted^ "That the faid provifton fo made by the aforefaid aft fhould not take place, nor have any operation, force, or effeft whatfoever, until after the deceafes not only of the faid prete?ider, but alfo of his eldejl and all and every other Jon and fins: and whereas it is expedient that the faid provifions in the two fever al afts contained and hereinbefore recited fbould be repealed; be it therefore ena&ed by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid provifions in the faid two feveral adts contained and hereinbefore recited, fhall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

CAP. XCIV.

An aft to afeertain the falary of the mafier and worker of his Majefiys mint.—[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS the emoluments arifing from the office of the mafier and worker of his Majefiy’s mint are uncertain, and of very different amount in different years, and in the cafe of a recoinage are exceffive: for remedy whereof be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authnrity of the fame, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March laft paft, the proportion of fees, allowances, and emoluments, received or retained by the mafter and worker of his Majefty’s mint under and by virtue of the indenture between his Majefty and the faid mafter and worker of the mint, fhall no longer be paid to, received, or retained by him for his own ufe, but the fame fhall be received, paid, applied, and accounted for in the manner herein-after mentioned ; and that in fteacl of the prefent falary, and fuch proportion of fees, allowances, and emoluments, there fhall be paid to the mafter and worker of hk Majefty’s mint, a net falary or fum of three thoufand pounds per afttiumy which lhall be accepted by him in lieu of the falary and proportion of fees, allowances, and emoluments heretofore paid to, received, or retained by the mafter and worker of the mint, for his own ufe, and which falary of three thoufand pounds per annum hereby directed to be paid as aforefaid, fhall be paid and pavabie to him half yearly; that is to fay, On the fifth day of April and the tenth of October in every year, out of the proportion of fees, allowances, and emoluments, herein-after directed to be received and accounted for, if the fame fhall be fufficient for that purpofe; and if the fame fhall not be fufficient, then fuch falary of three thoufand pounds per annum fhall be paid and payable in the manner herein-after appointed for payment thereof.

II. And be it further enabled. That all taxes to which the mafter and worker of his Majefty’s mint is now fubjedf in refpect of the faid office, fhall be paid out of the monies arifing by the. proportion of fees, allowances, and emoluments herein-after directed to be received and accounted for.

III. And

Hosted by

Google

1798-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii IIL c. 95.	381

III.	And be it farther enadted, That the fame proportion ofThe propor-fees, allowances, and emoluments, that are now paid and allow- t]on of

ed to be received and retained by the mafter and worker of his J^Th^mafter Majefty’s mint, fhall ftill continue to be paid and allowed to and reCeived received by fuch perfon as the lords commiflioners of the treafury by a perfon for the time being, or any three or more of them, (hall think appointed by-fit to appoint, who fhall receive fuch reafonable falary for ^Vif an^ his pains and labour, and (hall give fuch fecurity for duly furplus reaccounting for the fame, as fhall be approved by the lords mains after commiflioners of the treafury for the time being; and a par- payment of ticular and diftindt account (hall be kept thereof, and the fame ^paid'there-fhall be accounted for to the lords commiflioners of the treafury 0lltf it fhall he for the time being, who are hereby required to direct the furplus, paid into the if any fhall remain after payment of the fums hereby djredted to exchequer, be paid thereout, to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to f^cien^ the and made part of the confolidated fund ; but in cafe the propor- deficiency tion of fees, allowances, and emoluments herein-before directed (hall be paid to be received for making the feveral payments diredtea by this out of.the adt to be paid thereout, fhall not be fufficient to anfwer and pay ^^°bdated the fame, then and in that cafe the faid falary of three thoufand pounds per annum, and fuch other payment as aforefaid, or the deficiency thereof, fhall be paid and payable out of any monies carried to and made part of the confolidated fund, not already directed to be applied by any adt or acts of parliament.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the pafling The office of

of this adt, it fhall not be lawful to grant the office of matter and minUx^be C worker of his Majefty’s mint, in any other manner than fubjeCt granted fub-to the directions of this adt.	jedt to the

V . And whereas the covenants contained in the indenture ufually adt °S made between his Majejly and the mafter and worker of his Majefty's 1 mint, are not in the nature of a contrafl coming within the meaning and intention of an adt, pafj'ed in the twenty fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An adt for retraining any perfon concerned in any contradt, commiffion, or agreement, made for the publick fervice, from being eledted or fitting and voting as a member of the houfe of commons; be it enadted, That no- 2,2 ^eo- 3* thing in the faid adt fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to extendi the any perfon holding the office of mafter and worker of his M3- matter of jefty’s mint.	the mint.

CAP. XCV.

An aft to permit goods the produce of any foreign colony in America, imported directly from thence in any flip or vefjel belonging to the Jubjefls of any country or place in amity with his Met]efly, to be entered and landed without payment of the duty grunted by an atl of the lajl fejfion of parliament, for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom.—[July 12, 1799 J

HERE AS it is expedient that goods,	and	merchan- Preamble,

dize, being the growth end produce of any foreign colony, if and, or plantation in America, imported into this kingdom directly from

Hosted by

Google

38 Geo. 3.

382 Anno regal tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 96, 97. [1798.

any fuch colony, ijland, or plantation, in (hips belonging to the fubjefts of the united Jlates of America, or of any other country or place in amity with his Majejly, under the authority of any order or orders, of his Majejly in council, Jhould be permitted to be entered, landed, and warehoufed, without payment of the duty of cuftoms impofed by an a£l -	-	of the la ftJeff on of parliament, intituled, An a 61 for the better protec-

ts 7 , reci e . ^on tjie tra(je 0f this kingdom; and for granting new and additional duties of cuftoms on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain (hips entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the figning the preliminary articles of peace: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be en-a6ted ; and be it enadied by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Goods of the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day of July growth of any one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, it fhall and maybe i^Amevica!^ lawful for the officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms to permit any goods, imported di- wares, or merchandize, being of the growth and produce of any foreign colony, ifland, or plantation in America, and imported into this kingdom direftly from any fuch colony, ifland, or plantation, in any {hip or veflel belonging to any of the fubje6ts of the united ftates of America, or of any other country or place in amity with his Majefty; to be entered and landed in this king-his Majefty, dom without payment of the duty of cuftoms impofed by the if permitted * faid recited aft; provided fuch goods, wares, and merhandize, by order in fhall be permitted to be landed and warehoufed in this kingdom by virtue and under the authority of any order or orders of his Majefty in council.

II. And be it further enacted, That any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, fo imported, landed, and warehoufed, fhall and maybe afterwards delivered from any fuch warehoufe for exportation to foreign parts without payment of the duty of cuftoms impofed by the faid recited aft on the exportation of any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize: provided always, That nothing in this a61 fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to exempt goods, wares, and merchandize, fo imported as aforefaid, from the payment of any of the duties impofed by the faid recited aft, in cafe any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, fhall be taken out of any warehoufe for the purpofe of being ufed or conlumed in this kingdom, or from the duties of cuftoms granted by an aft: of this prefent feftion of parliament.

CAP. XCVI.

An aft to enable Matthew Boulton, engineer, to export the machinery necefiary for erefting a mint in the dominions of his imperial majefty, the emperor of all the Rufiias.—[ July	1799-]

C A P. XCVIL

reftly from thence in vef-fels belonging to fubjefts of any place in amity with his Majefty,

council,

and maybe delivered for exportation, without payment of the duty impofed by recited aft; but if delivered for home con-fumption, the duties impofed by that aft, and an a6t of the prefent fef-fion, (hall be paid.

efraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in )f Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twen-

An aft for de

that part of _ .	.	w

ty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and nmety-nme {july ii, 1799.]

CAP.

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III, c. 98, 99.	383

CAP. XCVIII.

Jti aft to allow the importation of Spanifh wool, in Jhips belonging to countries in amity with his Majefly.—[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an aft, paffed in the thirty-third year of the reign Preamble.

of hisprefent Majefly, amongfl other things, to prevent traitorous 33 Geo. 3. correfpondence with his Majefly9 s enemies, and by feveral fubfequent afts, c* 27* trade and intercourfe is prohibited between Great Britain and the countries in hoflility with his Majefly, unlefs fuch trade and intercourfe jhallhe fpecially permitted by his Majefly9s licence and authority: and whereas, for the encouragement of the manufaftures of this country, it is expedient to permit the importation of Spanifh wool from any place whatever, in Jhips or vejfels belonging to any kingdom or (late in amity with his Majefly: be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af- Spanifh wool fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may may be im-be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons to import into this veflSf belonc-kingdom, Spanifh wool from any port or place whatever in foreign jng to counparts, in any (hip or veffel belonging to any kingdom or (late in tries in amity-amity with his Majefly; any thing in the faid a61 paffed in the with his Ma-tbirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, or any other ^ithltandinff a£l or a6ls of parliament, to the contrary in any wife notwith- the recited (landing.	ad.

II. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any (hip or veffel, Veflels detain-having on board any Spanifh wool, has been or may be detained, ed having and it fhall appear to the fatisfa6lion of the lords of his Majefly’s council that his Majefly’s licence was granted for the importation bereftored by of fuch Spanifh wool before fuch detention, it fhall and may be an order of lawful for the faid lords of his Majefly’s council, and they are his Majefty's-hereby authorifed and required to order and diredl the immediate c.ouncil refloration of every fuch (hip or veffel, and all fuch Spanifh wool, pr^oufly* under the aforefaid circumflances, to the refpe£tive owner or granted for

owners, or proprietor or proprietors thereof.	the importa-

tion.

CAP. XCIX.

An aft to encourage the trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient mode of performing quarantine, and for reducing the duty granted by an aft of the lafl feffion on goods the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any place within the freights of Gibraltar.—[July 12, 1799.3

WHEREAS by an aft paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the Preamble.

reign of his late majefly King George the Second, intituled,	^

An a6t for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant c, 18, recited. Seas, it is among fl other things enabled, ci hat no goods or merchandizes liable to retain the inf eft ion of the plague, and coining from the Levant

Hosted by Google

584 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 99. [1798,

vant without a clean bill of healthy Jhall be landed in any part ofGreat Britain or Ireland, or of the ifles ^/'Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, unlefs it Jhall appear to the fatisfaftion of his Majefty, his heirs orfucceffors, or of his or their privy council, that the faid goods or merchandizes have been fufficiently opened and aired in the lazarets of Malta, Ancona, Venice, Medina, Leghorn, Genoa, and Marleilles, or one of them: and whereas it is expedient to permit goods and merchandize to be imported from the Levant under certain regulations and r efriftions,without having been opened and aired as directed by the faid recited aft: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled, and be it enad!ed by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafting of this ad!, it (hall be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, by and with the advice of his or their entry of goods privy council, or by any order or orders to be ifTued from time to rnminir frnm time, to grant licence and permiftion for the importation into Great Britain, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Many of all goods, wares, and merchandizes, coming from the Levant Seas without clean bills of health, without fuch goods and merchandizes having been opened and aired in the lazarets of any of the ports or places mentioned in the faid recited ac!, and that all fuch goods and merchandizes (hall and may be admitted lazarets men- to an entry in any of the ports of Great Britain, or the faid iflands tioned in re- of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, fubjed! neverthelefs to fuch regulations, rules, orders, and dirediions, with refpedt to opening and airing fuch goods and merchandizes previous to the landing thereof, and to the performance of quarantine by the crews or other perfons belonging to or being on board of the (hips or ..	veffels	in	which	fuch	goods	or	merchandizes fhali be imported,

by ordeMhall as k',s Majefty, by and with the advice,of his privy council, fhali,

-	by any order or orders to be iflued as aforefaid, make, prefcribe,

or diredtj any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That if the regulations, rules, orders, and diredtions, made, prefcribed, or diredled in fuch order, lhall not be duly obferved and pradlifed by all and every the perfons belonging to or being on board any ftiip or vefTel in which fuch goods or merchandize fhali be imported as aforefaid, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, then and in every fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons fhali be fubjed! and liable to all fuch pains, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, as are in ft idled by the faid act of his late Majefty for offences committed contrary to the faid ad!, as if this ac!, or any order of his Majefty in pursuance thereof, had not been made.

His Majefty, by order in council, may permit the

coming from the Levant Seas, without clean bills of health, although fuch goods (hall not have been aired in the

cited ad!, ftibjedt to fuch regulations and performance of quarantine

diredt.

Non-obferv-anee of fuch order fhali fubjed! the defaulters to the penalties inflicted by recited act.

The duty impofed by 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. of 21. for every look of the vdue of Bri-tifh goods ex-

III. And be it further enadled. That fo much of an ad! pafled in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of cufloms on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain flips entering out-

wards

Hosted by

Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. ioo. 385

wards or	inwards, to or from foreign	paruntil figning the pre- Por*;e(' to any

liminary articles of peace, as impofes a duty of two pounds	fo	kr

every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all goods, as reiates to wares, and merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufacture goods export-of Great Britain, exported to any port or place whatever, not ed to any being within Europe, fo far as reiates to any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, exported to any port or place within the 0f Gibr^tar, (freights of Gibraltar, (hall, from and after the paffing of this fhall ceafe; adt, ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

IV.	And be it further cnadred, That, from and after the apd inftead palling of this adl, there (bail be raifed, levied, colledted, and forlevery°S" paid, unto his Majefly, his heirs or fuccefTors, upon all goods, 10ol. value wares, or merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture, (hall be paid: (except fugar, and alfo fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, Exceptions, which by any fpecial provifkm in the faid laft recited a61 are exempt from the refpedtive duties thereby impofed),exported from this kingdom to any port or place within the (freights of Gi-braltar, a duty of ten (hillings for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof; which duty (hall be'managed, afcertained, railed, levied, collected, anfwered, fecured, and recovered, in fuch and the like manner, ways, means, and methods, and (hall be paid, accounted for, and applied, as the duty hereby repealed is by the faid laft recited act diredted to be managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, fecured, recovered, paid, accounted for and applied.

C A P. C.

An a St to revive and continue, until the end of the next feffon of parliament, an aSi, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, to continue and amend an aSi, made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled. An adt for the more effectual encouragement of the Britifh fiftieries ; and to amend an aSi, made in the twenty fix th year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for extending the ffheries, and improving the fea coaft of this kingdom.—[July 12, 1799- J

WHEREAS an a SI zuas puffed in the twenty fix th year of his Preamble.

prefent Majefly’s reign, intituled. An adl for the more 26 Geo. 3* effectual encouragement of the Britijh ftlheries, which was to c- 81. continue in force from the firfl day of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty feven, for the term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefflon of parliament: and ivhereas by two aSls, made in the twenty-Jeventh and thirty-fifth years of his prefent Majefly s reign, the faid firfl mentioned a SI was further continued and amended: and whereas by an aSi pafled in the lafl fefflon of parliament, the faid lafl mentioned a Si ivas further continued until the firfl day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety -nine ; and whereas it is expedient that the faid aSi of the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majefly’s reign fhould be revived, and further continued and amended; be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the Vol, XLII.	C	c	lords

Hosted by Cj O Ic

386 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 100. [1798.

lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-35	liament	afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the

and confirmed	pafled	in	the	thirty-fifth	year	of	the	reign	of his prefent

in force till Majefty, intituled, An aft to continue and amend an a51, made in the end of the the tvjenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, nt*t fcfiion. c jn f0r the more effectual encouragement of the Britifh fjloeriesf and all the powers and provifions therein contained, fhall, from and after the firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and fhall continue and be in force until the end of the next feflion of parliament.

II. And whereas by an a5l, pafjed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An a£t for incorporating certain perfons therein named by the name and (file of The Britijh Society for extending the Fijheries and improving the Sea Coajls of this Kingdom \ and to enable them, when incorporated, to fubfcribe a joint flock, and therewith to purchafe lands, and build thereon free towns, villages, and fifhing ftations, in the highlands and iflands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland', and for other purpofes; certain perfons therein named and others were incorporated into a company by the name of The Britifli Society for extending the Fifheries and improving the Sea Coafts The over t^*is kingdom : and whereas it would greatly tend to promote the nor-6 irof laudable and beneficial purpofes of the faid focicty if the governor, the Britifn deputy governor, and directors of the faid fociety, were empowered in focicty in cor- certain cafes to employ a certain part of the funds of the faid fociety ^Geo ^ otherwife than they are by the faid act enabled to do ; be it enadted, c. io6°em-	That, from and after the fifth day of July one	thoufand feven

powered to	hundred and ninety-nine, it fhall and may be	lawful for the

give premi- governor, deputy governor, and directors, of the faid fociety, loans^o" °r Part °* l^em as *s auth°r,ibd by the faid act to direct the perfons^at thea^*a‘rs	fociety,	or	for fuch perfons as may be by them

fociety’s fet- directed and authoriied, to expend any fums of money, being tie meats; viz. part of che funds of the faid fociety, which they fhall deem ex-601. a year in pedient, not exceeding fixty pounds in any one year, in premiums premiums to	or rewards to fuch fober and indufirious perfons,	refident at any

perfons the	0f the fettlements formed or to be formed by the	faid fociety, as

in°fifh1n^r&c	^eem deferving, by reafon of their expertnefs in

a> c fifhing, curing of fifh, preparing of foap or oil from fifh, making of nets, or in the cultivation of the foil, or other ufeful arts tending to the advancement of the beneficial purpofes of the faid fociety ; and alfo to lend at fuch intereft, not exceeding legal interell, as the directors fhall appoint, a certain fum or fums of 500I. in lo^ns money, not exceeding five hundred pounds in the whole, for the to perfons for purpofe of purchaiing, building, or equipping boats or other vellblhe ve^s ^or tlie fi^er)A and alfo fuch further fum or fums of fifhery, and tn°ney in loans to fuch perfons as may build houfes or tene-further fums ments at any of the fettlements of the faid fociety, the fum fo for building lent in no cafe to exceed one third of the value of the houfes or houfes; tenements fo to be built, fuch value to be afeertained by fatis-fadlory certificates, and to be repaid, by equal inftalments, in

the

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 101.	387

the courfe of five years; and alfo fuch fum or fums of money, not exceeding two hundred pounds; in loans, on proper fecurity, *oo1. m loans to be repaid in one year, to fuch perfoh or perfons as may dertake to provide fiores of oatmeal, fait, or other neceflaries, at |tores at the any of the laid fettlements, for the ufe of the inhabitants thereof, fettlements: the fum lent to any fuch perfon or perfons in no cafe exceeding two thirds of the value of the fait, oatmeal, or other fuch necef-faries which fuch perfon (hall become bound to provide; and alfo fuch fum or fums of money, not exceeding two hundred and aool, pounds, in loans, to fuch perfon or perfons as may undertake to™ore Per~ eftablifh any manufactory of nets, fail cloth, or cordage, or offtake fpinning of hemp, flax, or woollen yarn, the fum fo to be lent eftablifh a to any fuch perfon or perfons to be repaid within fuch time as manufactory the directors (hall think fit, not exceeding three years, and in no^ne^ ^nc^c cafe to exceed two thirds of the value of the hemp, flax, wool,' c ’ or other materials which fuch perfon fhall have provided, or become bound to provide for fuch manufactory: provided always,

That nothing in this act: fhall be conftrued to diminifh the powers of any general meeting of the faid fociety as eftablifhed by the faid a£f, or to impeach the validity of any bye law of the faid fociety, legally made at any fuch general meeting.

III. And whereas the faid Britifh fociety are dire died hy the faid adi to lodge the money arifmg from the fubfcriptions of the members thereof or otherwife, in certain banks, without any power to itivejl the fame in fuch manner as to produce an intereft whilfl the fame is not employed in profecuting the purpofes of the faid adi, which has proved to be difadvantageous to the faid fociety; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the faid fifth day of July one Surplus mo-thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, it fhall be lawful for*}eY ofthe the governor, deputy governor, and directors of the faid fociety, b^invefted^in or fuch part of them as is authorifed by the faid act to direct the government affairs of the faid fociety, to inveft fuch furplus money of thelecurities, or faid fociety as may be from time to time under their direction in^t^hent-government fecurities, or to lend the fame on heretable bonds Scotland S *** in Scotland, for the purpofe of obtaining an intereft for the fame during fuch time as it cannot be beneficially employed for the purpofes of the faid act; any thing in the faid adi contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

C A P. Cl.

An act to continue feyeral laws relating to the further fupport and encouragement of the fifheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred, and to the difcontinuing the duties payable on the importation of tallow, hog’s lard> and greafe, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and fix.—[July iz, 1799.]

Adis 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. and fo much of 29 Geo. 3. c. 53. as relates to the fifheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights, continued until December 25, 1800. Aft 7 Geo. c. 12, continued until March 25, 1806.

c c 2	CAP.

Hosted by Google

3&S Annorcgni triccfimo nono Georgii III. c. io2—164. [179S.

C A P. CII.

An a<5l to revive and continue, until the firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and one, the bounties granted by an a&, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majelty, for encouraging the fifheries carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britifh dominions in Europe.—[July 1799*3

CAP* CIIL

An adt for making allowances in certain cafes to fubaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.—[July 12, 1799.]

cap. civ.

An ail to amend an att, made In the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An a6f to enable his Ma-jefty to grant commiffions to a certain number of foreign proteftants, who have ferved abroad as officers or engineers, to acf and rank as officers or engineers in America only, under certain reftridtions and qualifications,—[July 12, 1799*]

Preamble. TT 7 HERE AS it is judged expedient for the better defence of his VV Majefifs colonics in America, to augment his Majeflfs fix-tieth regiment of infantry, now confifiing of five battalions of one thoufand men each, by the addition of a fixth and feventh battalionsv to confifl in like manner of one thoufand men each, and to inlijl as foldiers, to ferve in the faidfixth andfeventh battalions in America, any of the foreign troops now in his Majefly''s pay, or other foreigners who Jhall voluntarily enter themfelves to ferve as foldiers therein : and whereas fiuch foreigners cannot be fo well clifciplined, without the ajfifiance of fame officers who are acquainted with their manners and language : and whereas it is expedient, in the prefentjuncture of affairs, to facilitate the fpeedy raifing of fuch fixth and feventh battalions, and to enable a certain number of foreign officers to ferve and receive pay as officers in fuch fixth and feventh battalions: be it enacled by the King’s moll excellent majefly, by and with the His Majefty advice and confent of the lords fpiritual nn-d temporal, and corn-may add a mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-fixth and rity of the fame, That it ffiall and may be lawful for his Ma-talion^to^he je^T’ b,s heirs and fucceffors, to augment the faid fixtieth regi-60th regi- rnent of infantry, by the addition of a fixth and feventh batta-ment, and lions, to confift of one thoufand men each, and to enlift as fol-foreigners diers, to ferve in fuch battalions, any of the foreign troops now therein*^ *n Majefty,s Pay> or other foreigners who ffiall voluntarily America. enter themfelves to ferve as foldiers therein in America.

Foreign cffU IE And be it further enabled, That all fuch foreign officers cers may lerve who ffiall receive commiffions from his Majefly, his heirs and and receive fficcefiors, to be officers of fuch fixth and leventh battalions, in pay therein. America, (which commiffions it ffiall and may be lawful for his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, to grant), ffiall be enabled to ferve and receive pay as officers in the faid regiment.

III. Provided

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 105.	^	389

III.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Foreign offi-fuch foreign officer Ihall be enabled by this ad to ferve as an ^ ^meric^ officer in any place except America only ; but every fuch foreign on\yy and may officer, when he fhall be reduced, fhall be capable of receiving receive halfhalf-pay according to the rank in which he (hall then ferve. PaY-

C A P. CV.

An aft to continue and amend fo much of an aft made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, as permits fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, 'to carry on the manufacture i?/* Maidftone geneva.—[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the thirty-third year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An ad to continue 33 Geo. 3. certain duties of excife on foreign lpirits imported into this c* 59-kingdom, for a limted time ; and alfo for continuing certain laws of excife therein mentioned; reciting, that certain rules, regulations, refriCtions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, were, by an aft pafl'ed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, provided, fettled, and efablijhed, for the manufacture of fpi-rits called Maidftone Geneva, efablijhed at Maidftone in the county of Kent, by Gz orge Bifhop of that place', and that certain duties were, by the faid aft, and by another aft made in the thirtyfirfi year of the reign of his faid Majefly, impofed on the faid George Bifhop for and in refpeft of wafl) produced by him from malt or other corn ; and that the faid George Bifhop was lately dead, and fir William Bifhop knight, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, were become pofflf'ed of the diftilery and premifes in which the faid George Bifhop deceafed carried on the mamfafture of fuch Maidftone geneva at Maidftone aforefaid-, and that the faid fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, tuere defrous to carry on the manufacture of and to make fpirits commonly called Maidftone Geneva, in the faid dif tilery and premifes at Maidftone aforefaid, under andj'ub-jeft to the like duties, rules, regulations, refriftions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, as the faid George Bifhop deceafed carried on the manufacture of and made fpirits commonly called Maidftone Geneva ; and that it was expedient to allow the faid fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, fo to carry on fuch manufacture, and to make fuch fpirits, it ivas enacted, That it Jhould and might be lawful to andfor the faidfir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, and the furvivors and furvivor of them, pofliffed of the faid difiillery and premifes, to carry on the manufacture of and to make fpirits commonly called Maidftone Geneva, in the faid difiillery and premifes at Maidftone, until and upon the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, under and fubjeft to the like duties as were impofed on the faid George Bifhop deceafed, by the faid afts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-firfi years of the reign of bis faid Majefy: and whereas by an aft pajfed in the thirty fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, the faid permijflon was continued until the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred

c c 3	and

Hosted by Google

>9° Anno regni triceiimo nono Georgii III. c, 105. [1798*

and ninety-feven ; and by another a£1 paffed in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, the faid permijfton was continued until the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine: and whereas it is expedient to alloiu the faid fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, to continue and to carry on the faid manufacture of and to ?nake fpirits called Maid done Geneva, in the faid dijlillery and premifes at Maidftone afore faid, from and after the faid fifth day a/* July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, for a limited time, under and fubjeSi to the duties, rules, regulations, reflriCtions, and provifions, herein-after ynentioned: m2y it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enabled by the King’s mold excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and during the every no gal- continuance of this add, there (hall continue to be paid by the Ions of watli faid fir JVilliam Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, and the produced furvivors and furvivor of them, poflefted of the faid diftillery and from nzlb. of prernifeS at Maidflone aforefaid, for every one hundred and twenty

thp. or corn *	J	1	J	y

gallons of wafh, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity, which they or the furvivor or furvivors of them (hall produce from a weight of malt or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, the fum of one pound feven (hillings and three-pence.

II.	And be it further ena&ed. That for everyone hundred and twelve pounds weight of malt or other corn before the fame is feparated from the bran thereof, fo ufed by the faid fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, there (hall be allowed a credit in the books of the proper officer or officers of excife, of not more than eight gallons and one third part of a gallon of fpirits at the ftrength of one in fix under hydrometer proof.

III.	And be it further enadted, That the faid fir William MefiT. Bifhop. Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, or any or either of them,

out an° fpirits	not ^ or ^end out anY *P*r*ts whatfoever of a greater de-

of a Greater	Sree ftrength than that of one in fix under hydrometer proof;

ih-cn^th than	and if the faid fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop,

one in fix	or any or either of them, (hall fell or fend out any fpirits what-

nndev hydro- foever contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a£t, fuch oiTpenalty of fpftfts together with the cafks and veffels containing the fame, forfeiture,	and the horfes, cattle, carts, and carriages, made ufe of in the

See.	removal thereof, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized

by any officer or officers of excife.

Excefsof	IV. y\nd be it further enadled, That if on cafting up the

^vcnTthe0Ckft°ck of the faid fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles credit al- Bifhop, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, any officer or officers lowed, to be of excife (hall find the quantity of fpirits contained in fuch ftock forfeited. to exceed the quantity for which the faid fir WJlliam Bifhopy George Bifhop, and Argles Bijhop, or the furvivors or furvivor of them is entitled to credit, at the ftrength of one in fix under

hydrometer

Me IT. Bifhop ihall continue , to pay for

malt or corn, il. 7s. 3d.

For every 112 lb. of malt or corn, the excife officer fhall allow a credit of 8 J- gallons of fpirits of one in fix under hydrometer proof.

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 10391

hydrometer proof, after deducing and allowing for the quantity of fpirits for which permit (hall have been granted to the faid fir William Bijhop, George Bifoop, and Argles Bifoop) or the fur-vivors or furvivor of them, then and in every fuch cafe the ex-cefs found (hall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

V,	And be it further enafted, That before the faid fir William Before uflng

Bifoop) George Bijhop, and Argles Bijhop, or any or either of them, ^orn for^mak-fhall make ufe of any malt or corn for the purpofe of making jng wafh, n any wort or wafh, the faid fir William Bifoop, George Bijhop, and hours notice Jtrgles Bijhop, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, (hall give he given twelve hours notice in writing to the officer of excife, under	^

whofe furvey the faid fir William Bijhop, George Bijhop, and Ar~ penalty of gles Bijhop, or the furvivors or furvivor ot them, (hall then be, of 300I.

the intention of them the faid fir William Bijhop, George Bijhop, and Argles Bifoop, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, to ufe the fame, in order that the faid officer may attend to weigh fuch malt or corn ; and if the faid fir William Bijhop, George*

Bijhop, and Argles Bifoop) or the furvivors or furvivor of them,

(hall neglect to give fuch notice as aforefaid, the faid fir William Bijhop, George Bijhop, and Argles Bifoop, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, {hall, for every fuch negledl, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That for the purpofe of en- If the proper abling the proper officer or officers of excife to afcertain the officer find ftrength of the wafh on which luch duty as aforefaid {hall have dffijllation been charged, the faid fir William Bijhop, George Bifoop, and Ar- v^jecJ for the gles tfifoop) and the furvivors and furvivor of them, fhall provide, purpofe, that and from time to time keep, in their diftillery houfe at Maid- 30 gallons of

Jlone aforefaid, a fmall Hill, with a worm and tub complete, ofwafll Pr°duce 3 proper fize, to diftil at one time thirty gallons of wafh ; and	2	*

all'o another fmalj {till, with a worm and worm tub complete, of fpir|tgSat a proper fize and convenient fort, to diltil the low wines drawn the ftrength or extracted from fuch thirty gallons of wafh ; and which quan- of one in fix

tity of wafh fuch officer or officers is, and are, for the purpofes unc*er hydro-

j	*	*	i * meter proot

aforefaid, hereby empowered to take and diltil, and alfo 10 diltil the whole ' -the low wines, drawn and extracted therefrom, when and as quantity of often as he or they fhall think fit; and if thirty gallons of fuch walh in the >vafh, fo diftilled, fhall be found to produce low wines which, on diftillation, (hall be found to produce more than two gallons and Jhali be 1 °P pne eighth of a gallon of fpirits at the ftrength of one in fix un- charged with der hydrometer proof, then the whole quantity of wafh at that a duty of time in the poiTeffion of them the faid fir William Bifoop, George ,s- Per ?allonf Bifoop, and Argles Bijhop, and the furvivors and furvivor of forfeit Uffides them, fhall be charged by the proper officer or officers of excife 6d, for every with a duty of one {hilling per gallon, and which fhall become gallon, payable immediately on fuch charge being made; and the faid fir William Bifoop, George Bijhop, and Argles Bijhop, and the fur-vors and furvivor of them, fhall alfo, for every gallon of fuch quantity of wafh* forfeit and lofe the fum of fixpence*

c c 4	VII.	And

Hosted by Google

392 Annoregni tricefimo nono Geokgxi III. c. 105. [1798.

MefT. Bifhop VII. And be it farther ena&ed, That it fhall not be lawful

on the^rade * ^or ^aic^ fir William Bifhop) George Bifhop) a a cl Arghs Bifhop, or of diftilling any or either of them, during the continuance of this adl, to geneva in any carry on the trade of diiVilling geneva in .any other place or 0^lerPla^e3 places than thofe now occupied by them for that purpofe at now occupied Maidjlone, or therein ufe any ft ills, bucks, or other utenfils, of by them, or ""larger dinienfions than thofe now in ufe in the faid manufadlory. ufe any larger VIII. And be it further enacled, That all fines, penalties, vehels.	and forfeitures, by this a61 impofed, fhall be fued for, recovered.

Recovery and levied, and mitigated, by fuch ways, means, or methods, as any application of pne^ penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied, or ** s* mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record at IVeflminfterj and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fhall be paid to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, and the other moiety to him or them who fhall inform, difcover, or fue for the fame.

Duties to be IX. And be it further enadled, That the faid duties by this under the ma- a(^ iixap0fed (hall be under the management of the commiflion-thecommif- ^rs exc^e m England fior the time being.

X. And be it further enadted and declared, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which, in and by an adt made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An adt for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in

iioners of excife.

Powers of 12 Car. c. 24. (not hereby altered) to

extend to this Capite, and by knights fervice and purveyance^ and for fettling a re-adU	venue	upon	his Majejly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in

force relating to his Majeity’s revenue of excife, upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided or eftablifhed for managing, raif-ing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or afcertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than and in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions are made and provided by this adt), fhall be pradlifed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the faid duties, hereby granted, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, rules, dire'dlions, penalties, forfeitures, claims, matters, and tilings, were particularly repeated and reenacted in this prefent adt.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the money arifing by the duties by this adt impofed, the neeeflary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted, fhall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejlmin-Jler\ and the laid monies, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be appropriated and applied to and for the fame ufes and purpofes in the fame proportions as the faid rates and duties now payable by the faid fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop*, and Argles Bifhop, are by the feveral adts of parliament for granting, impoiing, and appropriating the fame, diredted to he appropriated and applied,

XII. And

Duties to be p:ud into the exchequer.

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 106.	393

XII.	And be it further enabled. That this a<5t (hal! commence Continuance and take effe& from and immediately after the fifth day of July°*^* one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and (hall remain and continue in force for the fpace of five years, to be computed from that day.

CAP. CVI.

An aft for the reduftion of the militia forces, at the time and in the manner therein limited.; for enabling his Majefly more effeftuaUy to increafe his regular forces, for the vigorous profecution of the war; and for amending the laws relating to the militia.—[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS the prefent fituation of publish affairs admits of a Preamble.

c 07ifider able diminution of the defen five force exijling in this kingdom; and it may therefore be expedient to difeharge or difembody a certain proportion of the militia forces: and whereas it is expedient that the laws relating to the militia Jhould be amended in certain particulars : and whereas it is highly important that the mofl effectual meafures Jh&uld at the fame time be adopted for augmenting his Ma-jeftfs regular forces, for the vigorous profecution of the war againfl the enemy: may it therefore pleafe your Majefly that it may be ena&ed; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of two feveral So much of a<£is, paffed in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent 37 Geo.3. Majefly, for providing an augmentation to the militia, as fixes 2^as fixes the number of men to be raifed in the feveral counties, ridings, the number of and places, therein mentioned, fhal), from and after the palling men to be of this adl, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.	raifed, repeal*

II. And be it further enadled, That, from and after the palling of this adl, the number of private men to be raifed, and who {hall remain liable to ferve in manner heiein-after mentioned as ra}fecj jn the militia for the faid feveral counties, ridings, and places, in thofe places men-feveral a£ls mentioned, {hall, together with the number of men tioned in rerequired by an adl pafled in the twenty-fixth year of the reion th^num of his prefent Majelly, and with volunteers raifed by virtue of ber veqUtreci* an act paffed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prelent by 26 Geo. 3. Majefly, intituled, An aft for augmenting the militia, be as follows: c. 107. and that is to fay,	'	’	with vohm-

J y	teers raifed

For the county of Bedford, five hundred and ninety-four:	^."cf^ifto*0*

For the county of Berks, one thoufand and fifty-one :	be as follows.

For the county of Bucks, one thoufand one hundred and

twenty-two :

For the county of Cambridge, nine hundred and one:

For the county of Chejler, with the city and county of the (pity of Chejler, one thoufand fix hundred and fifty-eight:

For

Hosted by Google

394

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii 111, c. 106. [1798*

For the county of Cornwall, one thoufand two hundred and eleven:

For the county of Cumberland) one thoufand one hundred and

fifty-two:

For the county of Derby, one thoufand feven hundred and

hfty-eight:

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter.) two thoufand eight hundred and thirty-five:

For the county of Dor Jet, with the town and county of the town of Poole, feven hundred and feventy:

For the county of Durham, nine hundred and twenty-one: For the county of EJJex, two thoufand three hundred and thirty-one:

For the county of Gloueejler, with the city and. county of the city of Gloueejler, and the city and county of the city of Brijiol, two thoufand one hundred and feventy-eight:

For the county of Hereford, nine hundred and feventy-?five: For the county of Hertford, eight hundred and ninety-nine: For the county of Huntingdon, two hundred and ninety-fix : For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, two thoufand four hundred and twenty-eight:

For the county of Lancafier, four thoufand five hundred and feventy-five:

For the county of Leicefler, one thoufand two hundred and three:

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, two thoufand five hundred and fixty-four:

For the county of Middkfex, exclufive of the tower divifio^ commonly called The Tower Hamlets, Eve thoufand fix hundred and ninety-fix:

For the county of Monmouth, five hundred and twenty-two: For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, two thoufand two hundred and fixty-fix:

For the county of Northampton, one thoufand three hundred and fifty-feven :

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Neivcajlle-upon-Tyne, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, one thoufand two hundred and fixteen :

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and coqnty of the town of Nottingham, one thoufand and fifty-fix:

For the county of Oxford, one thoufand one hundred and thirty :

For the county of Rutland, one hundred and fifty-four:

For the county of Salop, one thoufand eight hundred and fifty-fix.

For the county of Somerfet, two thoufand nine hundred and

feven teen :

For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, one thoufand five hundred and ninety-four ;

For

Hosted by Google

1798*] Anno regni tricefimo none Georgit III. c. 106.	395

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Litcbfieldy two thoufand one hundred and twenty-four :

For the county of Suffolk, one thoufand nine hundred and fifty-five:

For the county of Surrey, two thoufand five hundred and three:

For the county of SuffeXy one thoufand five hundred and four:

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, one thoufand two hundred and eighty :

For the county of JVeJhnorland, four hundred and fifty-three:

For the county qf IVorccfler, with the city and county of the city of WorcefteVy one thoufand one hundred and fifty-five :

For the county of fViltSy one thoufand feven hundred and twenty:

For the Weft Riding of the county of York, with the city and county of the city of Yorky four thoufand five hundred and fifty-five :

For the North Riding of the faid countv, one thoufand feven hundred and feven:

For the Eaft Riding of the faid county, with the town and county of the town of Kingfton-npon-Hully one thoufand and fifty-fix :

For the county of Anglefeay three hundred and fixty-eight;

For the county of Brecon, three hundred and eighty-four:

For the county of Cardigan, four hundred and fifty-fix :

For the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Carmarthen, feven hundred and fixty:

For the county of Carnarvon, two hundred and thirty-nine:

For the county of Denbigh, fix hundred and forty-five:

For the county of Flinty three hundred and feventy-feven :

For the county of Glamorgan, feven hundred and fifty-four:

For the county of Merionethy two hundred and twenty-fix :

For the county of Montgomery, five hundred and twenty-one:

For the county of Pembrokey with the town and county of the town of Haverfordwefty three hundred and feventy-feven :

For the county of Radnory two hundred and fixty-one:

And that the number of men fo remaining, fihall be liable to The number further reduclion, in the proportions, and in the manner, and may beturther at the time hereinafter limited and appointed.	reduced. ^

III. And be it further enadled, That every commanding Commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, and company of militia raifed oncers to and ferving for any county, riding, or place, herein-before men- of the dumber tioned, fhall, within twenty days from the paffing of this a£t, Gf effe&ive caufe returns of the refpe&ive numbers of effective private mi- men to be litia men actually ferving in the regiment, battalion, or com- made to the panies of militia, under the command of fuch officer, to be made oV^IieTite^ to the general meeting of lieutenancy of the county, riding, or nancy, that place to which fuch militia fhall belong, in order that a reduc- the excefs tion of the fame may take place for every county, riding, or	reT

place, where the numbers a&ually ferving fhall exceed the Por- deficienc* ^ portion hereinbefore fpecified; and that the number hereby re- fupplied*

quired

Hosted by Google

396 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. [1798.

The additional men to complete the quota, to be chofen by ballot as directed by a6 Geo. 3. c. 107.

and on notice to appear, and take the following

quired maybe fpeedily and efFeftually fupplied from and by fuch counties, ridings, and places, where the number actually ferving (ball fali ihort of the proportion herein-before fpecified.

- IV. And be it further enabled, That in every cafe where it fhall be requifite to fupply by ballot the number of men appointed to ferve in the militia of any county, riding, or place, under the provifions of this aft, the additional man or number of men required to complete fuch quota or number cf men, fhall be raifed, provided, and chofen by ballot in the manner direfted by and under the rules ana regulations preferibed in the faid aft, palled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

V.	And be it further enafted, That every perfon who fliall be chofen by ballot and enrolled in the faid militia, after the palling of this aft, fhall, upon notice in the manner direfted by the faid aft of the twenty-fixth year aforefaid, appear at fuch meeting as fhall be appointed by three or more deputy lieutenants to be holden for that purpofe, and there take the following oath 3 (that is to fay),

oath.	c T //. B. do fi nee rely promife and fwear, That I will be faith-

JL ful, and bear true allegiance to his majefty King George 3 and 1 do fwear, that I will faithfully ferve in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the fame, during the term of five years, for which I am enrolled, unlefs I fhall be fooner dil'charged.’

Subftitutes VI. And be it further enafted, That every perfon who fhall to take the fob be enrolled as a fubftitute or volunteer to ferve jn the faid mi-lowing	litia, fhall, at the time of fuch inrolment as aforefaid, take the

following oath , (that is to fay),

o^th.	c *T A. B. do fmcerely promife and fwear, That I will be faith—

JL ful and bear true allegiance to his majefty King George; and I do fwear, that I will faithfully ferve in the kingdom of Great Britain for the defence of the fame, during the term of five years, or for fuch further time as the militia (hall remain embodied, unlefs I (hall be fooner difeharged.*

Directions for railing rr.en to fupply deficiencies.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That the lieutenant or de-» puty lieutenants, at any general meeting of lieutenancy, and the deputy lieutenants aftting for fuch county, riding, or place, in their refpeftive fub-divifions, (hall, in railing fuch/ deficiency, take into confideration the number of effective privates aftqally ferving for each parifh or tything of fuch county, riding, or place, in the faid militia, and fhall caufe the number of men who fliall be at any time hereafter required to fupply fuch deficiency, to be raifed and ballotted for out of thofe parifhes, townfhips, and tythings, that (hall not have railed their refpeftive proportions, according to the number of men then ferving for the whole of the militia of fuch county, riding, or place refpeftively 3 and

{half

Hosted by Google

179S.] Anno regni tricefimo nano Georgii III. c. 106.	397

{hall in like manner caufe the number of men neceflary for fup-plying fuch future vacancies as may arife in fuch militia, or any part thereof, to be railed, chofen, and ballotted for out of fuch laft mentioned parifhes, townfhips, and tythings, until fuch time as each pari Hi, townfhip, and tything, fhall have railed its due proportion, according to the diredtions of this act,, and fhall rails the men required to be raifed by this a6t, by fuch rules as are prefcribed for raifing men for fuch refpective regiments, battalions, and companies of militia in the faid adir, palled in the twenty-fixth year of his Majefty’s reign before mentioned, without regard to the circumftance whether fuch vacancy arofe from among the militia eftablifhed by the faid adt of the twenty-fixth year of his Majefty’s reign, or the faid fupplementary militia, or among any volunteers raifed under the faid adt of the thirty-fourth year of his Majefty’s reign.

VIII.	Provided always, That whenever the lifts of two or^^anc^s more parifhes, townfhips, tythings, or places, fhall have been p^ce? whofe added together for the choice of any militia man or men in pur-lifts have fuance of the faid feveral adts before-mentioned, or any of them,been added and a vacancy fhall arife after the time when the feveral parifhes, t0Sether, have townfhips, tythings, and places in the county, riding, or place, ^Qeta tcT in which luch militia man or men fhall have been raifed, fhall be fupplied have completed their juft proportions, according to this adt, out of fuch then, and in every fuch cafe, a militia man fhall be ballotted tohfts as di-fupply fuch vacancy, and fo from time to time whenever fuch^^ ^c2 vacancy fhall arife, out of the lifts returned for the fame pa- Ic>7/ rifhes, townfhips, tythings, and places fo added together, in

the fame manner as by the faid adt of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty is diredted to be done when the fame parifhes, townfhips, tythings, and places were added together, in order to raife the militia man who fhall have occafioned fuch vacancy.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That the quota or number of^^^^e men required by this adt, where the fame is now deficient, fliall with^riethree be completed within three calendar months after the palling of months after this adt; and when and as foon as any fuch quota or number ofpahing this men fhall be completed, the lieutenant, or, in the abfence

the lieutenanr, any three deputy lieutenants of fuch county, fecretary at

riding, or place, authorifed by his Majefty to adt as lieutenant, war, and no-

fhall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith totice given to

certify the fame in writing to the fecretary at war, and to givethe c^mand-

notice to the commanding officer of the militia of fuch county,in&r 0 ceu

riding, or place, of fuch certificate having been lent as afore-

faid : provided always, That the quota of any county, riding, Quota not to

or place, fhall not be deemed to be complete until all the

required by fuch quota fhall have joined the regiment, battalion, ^liThe^ueri

or company, or regiments, battalions, or companies of militia, have joined.

of fuch county, riding, or place.

X.	And be it further enacted, That in every county, riding, Where^the ^ or place, in which the full number of private men required as compK-^ the quota of fuch county, riding, or place, by this act, fhall not vvfthjn ihre'e

he month': alter

Hosted by

Google

596 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. io6. [1798.

quired maybe fpeedily and effectually fupplied from and by fuch counties, ridings, and places, where the number actually ferving fnall fall fhort of the proportion herein-before fpecified.

- IV. And be it further enabled, That in every cafe where it fhall be requisite to fupply by ballot the number of men appointed to ferve in the militia of any county, riding, or place, under the provifions of this act, the additional man or number of men required to complete fuch quota or number of men, fhall be raifed, provided, and chofen by ballot in the manner directed by and under the rules ana regulations prefcribed in the faid act, pafTed in the tvventy-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

. V. And be it further enacted, That every perfon who fhall tak^the^ol-1 he chofen by ballot and enrolled in the faid militia, after the towing	palling of this act, fhall, upon notice in the manner directed by

the faid at of the twenty-fixth year aforefaid, appear at fuch meeting as fhall be appointed by three or more deputy lieutenants to be holden for that purpofe, and there take the following oath j (that is to fay),

The addition al men to complete the quota, to be chofen by ballot avs directed by 26 Geo. 3. c. 107.

and on notice

oath.	c T //. B. do ti nee rely promife and fwear, That I will be faith—

A. ful, and bear true allegiance to his majefty King George; and I do fwear, that I will faithfully ferve-in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the fame, during the term of five years, for which I am enrolled, unlefs i fhall be fooner dii'charged.’

"Substitutes VI. And be it further enacted, That every perfon who fhall to take the fob be enrolled as a fubftitute or volunteer to ferve in the faid mi-lowing	fitia, fna]]5 at the time of fuch inrolment as aforefaid, take the

following oath 5 (that is to fay),

oath.	4 T A. B. do fmcerely promife and fwear, That I will be faith—

A ful and bear true allegiance to his majefty King George; and I do fwear, that I will faithfully ferve in the kingdom of Great Britain for the defence of the fame, during the term of five years, or for fuch further time as the militia (hall remain embodied, unlefs I (hall be fooner difeharged.’

Directions for railing men to fupply deficiencies.

VII.	And be it further enated, That the lieutenant or de^ puty lieutenants, at any general meeting of lieutenancy, and the deputy lieutenants acting for fuch county, riding, or place, in their refpective fub-divifions, fhall, in raifing fuch, deficiency, take into confideration the number of effective privates actqally ferving for each pariih or tything of fuch county, riding, or place, in the faid militia, and (hall caufe the number of men who (hall be at any time hereafter required to fupply fuch deficiency, to be raifed and ballotted for out of thofe parifhes, townfhips, and tythings, that (hall not have railed their refpective proportions, according to the number of men then ferving for the whole of the militia of fuch county, riding, or place refpetively 3 and

ftialf

Hosted by Google

397

179$.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 106.

(hall in like manner caufe the number of men necefTary for fup-plying fuch future vacancies as may arife in fuch militia, or any part thereof, to be raifed, chofen, and ballotted for out of fuch laft mentioned parifhes, townfhips, and tythings, until fuch time as each parifb, townfhip, and tything, {hall have raifed its due proportion, according to the directions of this act,.and fhall raife the men required to be raifed by this a<5f, by fuch rules as are prefcribed for raifing men for fuch refpedfive regiments, battalions, and companies of militia in the faid a <51, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of his Majefty’s reign before mentioned, without regard to the circumftance whether fuch vacancy arofe from among the militia eftablifhed by the faid a£t of the twenty-fixth year of his Majefty’s reign, or the faid fupplementary militia, or among any volunteers raifed under the faid a£fc of the thirty-fourth year of his Majefty’s reign.

VIII.	Provided always, That whenever the lifts of two or Vacancies^

more parifhes, townftiips, tythings, or places, (hall have been	wlfofe

added together for the choice of any militia man or men in pur-lifts have fuance of the faid feveral a£ls before-mentioned, or any of them,been added and a vacancy (hall arife after the time when the feveral pari files, together, have town(hips, tythings, and places in the county, riding, or place,qu^ta, to'1* in which luch militia man or men fhall have been raifed, fhall be fupplied have completed their juft proportions, according to this a<ft, out of fuch then, and in every fuch cafe, a militia man fhall be ballotted to^fts as di-fupply fuch vacancy, and fo from time to time whenever fuch^^ yc2 vacancy fhall arife, out of the lifts returned for the fame pa- io7/ rifhes, townftiips, tythings, and places fo added together, in

the fame manner as by the faid a<51 of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty is directed to be done when the fame parifhes, townfhips, tythings, and places were added together, in order to raife the militia man who fhall have occafioned fuch vacancy.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That the quota or number of	be

men required by this a<51, where the fame is now deficient, Hiall with?n thr-ee be completed within three calendar months after the palling of months after this a£l; and when and as foon as any fuch quota or number of palling this men fhall be completed, the lieutenant, or, in the abfence °ft ifi e o*t the lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants of fuch county, fecretary a7 riding, or place, authorifed by his Majefty to act as lieutenant, war, and no-ftiall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith totice given to certify the fame in writing to the fecretary at war, and to give^e

notice to the commanding officer of the militia of fuch county,111^ 0 cel* riding, or place, of fuch certificate having been lent as afore-faid : provided always. That the quota of any county, riding, Quota not to or place, fhall not be deemed to be complete until all the men beseemed ^ required by fuch quota fhall have joined the regiment, battalion, ^nThe^nen or company, or regiments, battalions, or companies of militia, have joined, of fuch county, riding, or place.

X. And be it further enacted. That in every county, riding, Where the or place, in which the full number of private men required as becompv-t-d

[ quota fhall not

the quota of fuch county, riding, or place, by this act, fhall not wjthin three

be months alter

Hosted by

Google

for and in lieu of every private to be raifed within the fame

til re for every man not provided within three months after notice of any deficiency.

398 Anno regni tricefimo no no Georgii III. c. 106. [17980

failing this be raifed and completed, within three calendar months after the adt, rol.^to be paffing Qf this then and in every fuch cafe the fum of ten for'each man pounds fhall be annually paid, deficient,tobe militia man by this a£t dire&ed affeiled at the county, riding, or place, who (hall not have been raifed within rime	by	this	a<5l; and the juftices of the peace and

like wife in fit- magiftrates of every fuch county, riding, and place, affembled at the general or quarter leffions of the peace, to be held next after the feaft of Saint Michael, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, (hall, upon the receipt of the certificate of the lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, authorifed as aforefaid, which certificate he and they is or are hereby required to tranfmit to the clerk of the peace for fuch county, riding, or place, to be laid before the (aid juftices and magiftrates respectively at fuch feflions, rate and affefs the faid fum of ten pounds per man as aforefaid, upon every fuch county, riding, or place ; and in cafe at any future time the number of men required to be provided for the militia of any county, riding, or place, according to the feveral provifions of this a£t, (hall not be provided within three calendar months after the lieutenant, or any one of the three deputy lieutenants authorifed as aforefaid, (hall have had notice from or by the order of the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of luch militia of any fuch deficiency, then and in every fuch cafe the juftices and magiftrates as aforefaid, affembled at the next general or quarter feffions of the peace holden for the county, riding, or place, after fuch deficiency (hall have been made known to them by the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants aforefaid, (hall rate and affefs the like fum of ten pounds for every man fo deficient as aforefaid, upon every fuch county, riding, or place.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the juftices and magiftrates aforefaid, in making any fuch rate and affeffment upon the whole of any county, riding, or place, (hall upon a whole apportion the fums fo to be affeffed as aforefaid, and rate and affefs county in the the fame upon the feveral parilhes and tythings in fuch county, fiime prop or- riding, or place, in the fame proportions in which the men for the th^men'are0^	are	required	to	be	raifed by fuch parilhes and tythings

required to be refpeefively, according to fuch apportionment as may have been railed by the made thereof in purfuance of this act, or to the laft apportion-parifhcsj	ment that fhall have been made of men to be raifed by each

parifh and tything, by the laft general meeting of lieutenancy held before the paffing of this a£t. and when	XII.	Provided	alfo,	and	be it further enaefted, That when, in

any county> riding, or place, fuch deficiency of men fhall arife ircmi thVde- ^om the default of any particular parifh or parifhes, tything or fault of any tythings, in fuch county, riding, or place, in not raifing the particular pi- proportion or refpe&ive proportions of men required to be raifed rilh or panfhes bv any fuch parifh or tything, or parifhes or tythings, that then and m any luch cafes, the laid juftices and magiftrates, in making fuch rate and afieffment as aforefaid, {half rate and affefs all and every fuch fum and fums of money upon fuch parifh or tything,

or

The magiftrates to apportion fuch affelTments

to aflefs them accordingly

Hosted by Google

399

179$.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii.HL c* 106.

or parilhes or tythings that fhall have fo made default as aforefaid, in proportion to the number of men by which each of fuch parifhes or tythings (hall fall fhort of the number of men required to be raifed therein.

XIII.	And be it further enadled, That the juftices and ma^-Themagif-

giftrates of the feveral counties, ridings, and places, where anytratestotranf-fuch rate and affeffinent fhall be made as aforefaid, fhall imme-	to'the

diately after the making of any fuch rate and aTefiment as afore- treafurer of faid, tranfmit, or caufe to be tranfmitted, the feveral amounts of the place, who the fums fo aflefTed upon the feveral parifhes and tythings to the^.iaI1 give no-treafurer or treafurers of fuch county, riding, or place; and fuchfhToverfeers° treafurer or treafurers fhall, as foon as conveniently may be, who fhall pay taufe notice thereof to be given to the refpective overfeers of the the money out -poor of the feveral parifhes and tythings upon which any fuch°f the poor rate or afTeffment fhall have been made as aforefaid ; and fuchrates* overfeers fhall, within fourteen days after fuch notice as aforefaid of fuch rate or afTeffment, pay the amount of the rate or

afTeffment made upon their refpedUve parifhes or tythings out of any money in their or any of their hands of the rates for the relief of the poor; and if they, or any of them, fhall not have fufficient of fuch money for that purpofe, then fuch overfeers fhall. and they are hereby required to make a rate for the relief of the poor fufficient to fatisfy fuch rate and afTeffment; and it fhall be lawful for the faid overfeers to levy and colled! the fame in fuch manner as rates made for the relief of the poor, or any other rates made for the purpofes of this ad, may be levied and collected.

XIV.	And be it further enadled, That the treafurer or trea- Treaf&rers to furers, receiving any fuch fum or fums of money, fhall retain rftain money fuch fum and fums of money in his hands for three calendar j^n^which^ months after the receipt thereof; and during the faid period of period deputy three months it fhall be lawful for any deputy lieutenant of thelieutenants fubdivifion of the faid county, riding, or place, within which may agree fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, fhall be fituate, to raife any vo-^^ lunteer or volunteers for fuch militia in lieu of fuch man or men bounty not as fhall be fo deficient as aforefaid, and to agree with any fuch exceeding 10L volunteer for a bounty not exceeding the fum of ten pounds.and order pay-* and the deputy lieutenants, before whom fuch volunteer fhall he^^u^.the fworn and enrolled to ferve in the militia, fhall make an orderwbo fhall pay upon fuch treafurer or treafurers for the payment of fuch bounty ;the fame, and and upon the production to fuch treafurer or treafurers of a cer- at tl\e ex-tificate under the hands of fuch deputy lieutenants as aforefaid, 0fthree°month$ any fuch volunteer having been fworn and enrolled to ferve in^ay pay the* the militia, and of fuch order for the payment of fuch bounty balance* to the as aforefaid, and of a certificate under the hands of the com-receiver ge-manding officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of militianeral*

of fuch county, riding, or place, of fuch man having joined his regiment, battalion, or corps, fuch treafurer or treafurers fhall, and he and they is and are hereby refpedtively required to pay, out of fuch money in his hands as aforefaid, any fum of money not exceeding the faid fum of ten pounds for each of fuch volunteers

Hosted by Google

400

Anno regni tricefimo nono GeOrgii III. c. io6. [1798^

teers as aforefaid; and fuch treafurer or treafurers (hall, at the expiration of three months after the receipt of fuch money as aforefaid, pay all fuch Turns of money as may remain in his or their hands, for and on account of any fuch fines as afore-faid, and that fhal! not have been paid for and on account of any fuch volunteer as aforefaid, in manner herein directed, to the receiver general of fuch county, riding, or place, to be applied and difpofed of in like manner as directed by the faid adt of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

XV.	And whereas doubts have arifen with refpcfl to the allowances to the families of perjons ferving in the militia as volunteers under the jaid atl of the thirty fourth year of the reign of his prefent Allowance to Majcjly, be it therefore enaefed, -That the like allowances (hall voV in teersS °^e ma<^e to ^ Tamil ies of perfons ferving in the militia as vo-under ^GeoJunteers as a^oreTaid, as by feveral adfs paffed in the reign of his 3. c. 16. to prefent Majefty are direeled to be made to the families of per-be made as to fons ferving as privates in the militia • fuch allowances to be or-the families offered, paid, and reimburfed by fuch perfons, and in fuch man-privates. ner? and to be divided, apportioned, and borne in fuch and the like manner, in every refpeeft as is diredfed by two feveral adfs paffed in the thirty-third and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, with refpedl to the allowances made to the families of ferjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers.

Pay of men to XVI, And be it further enabled, That the pay of every per-commence onpon enrolled to ferve in the militia of any county, riding, or then joining. pjace^ after paffing 0f this adf, (hall commence upon the day on which fuch perfon fhall join the regiment, battalion, or company, to which he (hall belong, and not before: provided Perfons pre- always. That if fuch perfon fhall have been prevented joining' vented from fuch regiment, battalion, or company, by ficknefs, or fuch other caufe, and (hali produce to the commanding officer of have an al- fuch militia a fatisfadlory certificate of fuch ficknefs, or other lowance of fufficient caufe, it fhall be lawful for the commanding officer of Pa^»son'oln	anc^	*s	hcreby	required	to diredf an allowance of

ingf a^a°allow- Pay t0	t0	perfon fo prevented, according to the

ance for	time mentioned in fuch certificate as aforefaid ; and fuch corn-

marching,	manding officer may and is hereby required to direcl an allow-

ance to be made to every other perfon who (hall join his regiment, battalion, or company aforefaid, fo that fuch allowance fhall in no cafe exceed the pay of fo many days as would enable fuch perfon to march from the place where he was enrolled, to the regiment, battalion, or company, to which he (hall belong, to be calculated at the rate of not lels than ten miles in each-

Subftitutes or volunteers not joining, or who defert, may be pu-niffied as de-ferters, and adjudged to further To-

day, with the ufual number of halting days.

XVII. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon fworn and enrolled in the faid militia, either as a fubftitute or volunteer, (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to ferve as a militia man), fhall not with due diligence join the regiment, battalion, or company of militia of the county, riding, or place, for which he fhall be fo fworn 2nd enrolled (in cafe fuch regiment, battalion, or company fhall then be embodied)

according

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 106.	401

according to fuch order as fhall be given him in that refpeeft, by ^ce in the mi-the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or any of them, or by any ^tularforces, officer or non-commiftioned officer of the fa id regiment* batta-lion, or company, or by any other perfon authoriled to give him fuch order, in purfuance of any law now in force refpediing the militia; or if any perfon ferving in any militia as a fubditute or volunteer fhall defert or abfent himfelf from his duty, every fuch militia man fhall be liable to be apprehended and pumfhed as a deferter, according to the provifions of any a£l which dial] be then in force for the punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and fhall alfo be liable to be adjudged to further fervice in the laid militia, or to fervice in his Majefty’s regular fortes, as the court before whom he fhall be tried fhall think fit to dired ; and in cafe the faid Men adjudged court fhall adjudge fuch militia man to fervice in his Majefty’s ^aulT^forces6 regular forces, it fhall be lawful, by order under the hand of m|y, by order the fecretary at war, or hi's deputy, to caufe fuch man, with the of the fecre-confent of the colonel or commanding officer of the militia to tary at war, which fuch fubditute or volunteer fhall belong, to be enteredas a private foldier to ferve in fuch regiment or corps of his Ma- jone] Qf mili>~ jefty’s other forces as fhall be directed in fuch order, and to be tia, be entered forthwith conveyed either to the head quarters of the regiment f° to ferve, or corps in which he fhall be fo entered, or to Chatham barracks, as the cafe may require ; and fuch fubditute or volunteer fhall, from the time of his being delivered over to be fo conveyed as aforefaid, be fubjedt and liable to all the penalties and punifitments contained in any a£t then in force for punifhing mutiny and defertion, as if he had been enlided in the regiment or corps in which he fhall be fo ordered to be entered os aforefaid.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be His Majefty, Jawful for his Majedy, by his royal proclamation, pardoning, if by proclama-he fhall think fit, all or any fuch militia men as fhall have en~ lifted into any of the regular forces before the palling of this act, ^ n w}10 have to direft that fuch men fo pardoned (hall not be liable to be enlided into claimed by or returned to ferve in the regiment, battalion, or the regular company of militia from which they fhall have deferted ; and further, to pardon every- fuch militia man as fhall, before the paffing of this a<5t, have deferted from any regiment, battalion, i'erttrs from or company of militia, on condition that fuch militia man fhall the militia voluntarily furrender himfelf as a deferter on or before the fird w^°j day of Augty? one thou fa nd feven hundred and ninety nine; or jjft fato the fhall, on or before the faid firft day of Auguft, voluntarily enlift regular into fome one of his Majefty’s regular regiments, and to direeft forces, by that fuch militia man fo pardoned and enlilting fhall nor be liable	as	do

to be claimed by or returned to ferve in the regiment, battalion, farrender* or company aforefaid ; and all militia men who fhall have de- or enlift, fhall ferted at any time before the paffing this atft, and who (hall not be liable to be have furrendered themfelves, or enlified as aforefaid, in confe- t/ieTas de~ quence of fuch proclamation, on or before the firft day of An- nghT» gujl one thouland feven hundred and ninety-nine, lhall be liable to be tried in the fame manner, for defertion or abfence from.

Vol. XLIi;	D d	their

4° 2

Where any place (hall

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii HI. c. 106. [1798♦

their duty, and to be punifhed and adjudged to fervice in his Majefty’s regular forces, in the fame manner as is herein before direfted, with refpeft to militia men deferring or abfenting them-i'clves from their duty, from and after the paffing of this aft.

XIX. And be it further enafted, That where in any regiment, battalion, or company of militia, in which any private to°fiUda va"1311 man	promoted	to	the	rank of ferjeant, corporal, or drum-

mer, in confequence of any vacancy occafioned by the death or difeharge of any con-commiflioned officer or drummer, the parifli or phee for which fuch private militia man was ballotted (hall find and provide another man inftead, it (hall be lawful to and for any two deputy lieutenants afting for the fubdivifion wherein fuch parifli or place (hall be fituate, to certify the fame to the juftices of the peace aflembled at the next general or quarter feflions of the peace, held for the fame county, riding, or place * and the faid juftices (hall at fuch feflions order a fum of money, not exceeding the average price paid for a fubftitute in fuch parifh or place, or any adjoining parifli or place, to be paid out of the county rates, to the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the parilh or place which (hall find and provide another man

to fill a va> cancy occa-fioned by promotion, or death, or difeharge, two deputy lieutenants may certify the fame to the feflions, who fhall order a fum out of the county rates to the overfeers for^pro

man.

No ballot to take place where a private has been promoted in the room of non-commif-fioned officer or drummer reduced, till

vidinganother as aforefaid, whether fuch man fhall ferve perfonally or by fubftitute, and to be applied in aid of the poor rates in fuch parifh or place.

XX. And be it further enafted, That whenever any private militia man fhall be promoted to the rank of a non-commiffioned officer or drummer in any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, in the room of any fuch officer or drummer reduced to the ranks, no ballot fhall take place in the parifh or place for which fuch private man fo promoted was then ferving, in confequence of any vacancy occafioned by fuch promotion, until the non-commiffioned officer or drummer fo reduced fhall the reduced be have obtained his difeharge.

difeharged. • XXI.	in	order that at the time of the reduction of the faid

militia forces, a proportional augmentation may be made to his Ma-jeJPs regular forees, for the vigorous profecation of the war: be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for his Majefty, by any order under his royal fign manual, to name and appoint fuch and fo many regiments of his Majefty’s regular forces, as his Majefty (hall think fit, to receive volunteers under the provifions of this aft from the militia, in manner herein-after direfted; and out of Europe no regiment which fhall receive any fuch volunteers as aforefaid time^to1re^	during the term of five years next enfuing, or during the

ceive volun- continuance of the war, and for fix months after the expiration teers from the thereof, be liable to ferve out of Europe, or to be fent thereout militia, who under any pretence whatever ; and it (hall be lawful for any private militia man to enlift into his Majefty’s regular forces under this aft, in the manner, and fubjeft to the regulations hereinafter mentioned ; and every perfon who fhall be enlifted in his Majefty’s regular forces under this aft, fhall be enlifted to ferve for five years, or during the continuance of the prefent war, and for fix months after the expiration thereof, and no longer,

and

His Majefty may appoint regiments of the regular forces (who fhall not ferve

fhall be enlifted on that condition.

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefuno nono GeOrgii III. c. 106.	403

and (hall not be liable to be fent, or to ferve out of Europe; and every fuch perfon (hall, in addition to the ufual and accuftomed Men fo oaths to be taken by every perfon enlifting as a foldier in his Ma- ing to take the jefly^s forces, take the following oath; (that is to fay),	following

4 T B. do fincerely promife and fwear, That I will be faith- oatll«

X ful, and bear true allegiance to his majefty King George; and I do fwear, that I will faithfully ferve in the regiment of his Majefty’s regular forces within any part of Europe, during the term of five years, or for the continuance of the war, and for fix months after the expiration thereof, unlefs I (hall be fooner difeharged/

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That every perfon who (hall No perfon fo be enlifted to ferve in any regiment, battalion, or corps of his bedraf^dinto Majefty’s regular forces appointed to be recruited under this a 61, any

Ihall ferve in the regiment, battalion, or corps, in which he fhall corps, unlefs have originally enlifted to ferve, and in no other regiment, bat- firft difeharg-talion, or corps whatever; and no perfon enlifting into any fuch regiment, battalion, or corps, fhall on any account or pretence rjjy etUering. whatfoever be drafted into or ferve in any other regiment, battalion, or corps, whether fuch perfon fhall confent to his being fo drafted or not, unlefs in every fuch cafe the perfon fo drafted to ferve in any other regiment, battalion, or corps, other than the one for which he fhall have fo enlifted as aforefaid, (hall have been firft wholly and abfolutely difeharged from all fervice whatever in his Majefty’s forces, and fhall thereafter have voluntarily entered in fuch other regiment, battalion, or corps.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That every perfon enlifted £very militia

to ferve in his Majefty’s regular forces under this abl fhall be en	uhr^Jn

titled to the fum of ten guineas as a bounty, to be paid in man- forces, to be ner herein-after directed; and it fhall be lawful for the juftice of entitled to the peace or magiftrate before whom any fuch perfon lo enlifted 10 guineas

as aforefaid fhall be attefted, to direbt any fum, not exceeding ^lTh^ma ^ one third part of the faid bounty of ten guineas, to be paid to dijp0fed*of ^ him forthwith, or to be advanced to fuch perfon, or to fuch of as herein fpe-his family, and in fuch proportions, as he fhall requeft at the cified. time of his being fo attefted, and alfo to direbl any further fum, not exceeding the fum of one guinea, to be paid thereout to the officer producing fuch perfon to be attefted, to be laid out in providing immediate neceftaries for fuch perfon fo attefted ; and the juftice of the peace or magiftrate directing the payment of any fuch money, fhall grant a certificate thereof to the officer producing fuch perfon to be attefted as aforefaid, and the remainder of fuch bounty money (hall be paid to fuch perfon as foon as he fhall arrive at the head quarters of the regiment, battalion, or corps, into which he (hall have enlifted as aforefaid, or at Chatham barracks, as the cafe may be.

XXIVb And be it further enabled, That every commanding Commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, ot corps of militia of any officers of

...................... ntioned,	fliall,	t0	cx‘

county, riding,

or place, herein-beforc me D d 2

upon

receiving

plain to the

*» men the terms

Hosted by Google

an intention, the/ may be difeharged, and attefted foi the regiments in which they intend to enlift, &c.

4r>4 Anno xegni tricefimo nono Georgn III. c. io6, [1798.

upon which receiving directions from his Majefty for that purpofe, explain to lift mtcTthe11* Pr,vate men t^ie regiment, battalion, or corps of militia of regular forces, which he (hall for the time being have the command, in fuch and if any manner and at all fuch times, within two months from the pa(T-declare fuch jng Gf this a£i, as his Majefty (hall direct, the terms upon which any private man ferving in the militia may enlift into the regular forces under this adf, and if upon the terms of fuch enlifting being explained or made known to them as aforefaid, any fuch private militia man fhall voluntarily declare an intention to be enlifted into his Majefty’s regular forces, it (hall be lawful for fuch colonel or commanding officer of militia as aforefaid to difeharge fuch perfon from the militia5 and every fuch private militia man, fo difeharged as aforefaid, fhall immediately thereupon belong, as a private man, to the regiment, battalion, or corps, into which he fhall declare his intention to enlift, and (hall be immediately enlifted and attefted for fuch regiment, battalion, or corps, in due courfe of law, and fhall (as foon as conveniently may be) be transferred to feme officer of fuch regiment, battalion, or corps, or fuch officer as his Majefty may have appointed to receive men enlifted under this a£t, and (hall have and be entitled to the allowance of the bounty of ten guineas in the manner herein men-tionedv together with fubfiftence, pay, and cloathing, to be paid and furniffied in like manner in every refpeCl, and fubjed to and under the like laws, rules, and regulations, as are provided and ufed for the reft of his Majefty’s regular forces, except as fuch laws, rules, and regulations, are with refpeCI to fuch men altered by this aeft; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof not with-Perfons dif- landing.

charged for XXV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That if

the purpofe of any perfon fo difeharged for the purpofe of being enlifted as aforefaid, fhall notwithftanding refufe to enlift purfuant to fuch declaration fo made by him as aforefaid, that then and in every fuch cafe fuch perfon fhall continue to belong to the regiment, battalion, or company of militia from which he (hall have been fo difeharged for the purpofe of enlifting as aforefaid, notwithftanding any fuch difeharge.

X XVI. Provided always, and be it further enaefted, That where militia is com- the militia of any county, riding, or place, fhall be complete, ac-plete,as re- cording to the number of privates in actual fervice, as required by this a<5t, the colonel or commanding officer as aforefaid (hall not be at liberty to difeharge, or caufe to be difeharged, in pur-fuanceof this a£i, more in number of luch private militia men than one fourth of fuch quota.

XXVII. Provided alfo, and it be further enabled, That where and where nott^e militia of any county, riding, or place, fhall not be complete fourtVoffihe as aforefaid, the colonel or commanding officer as aforefaid (hail number a£tu- net be at liberty to difeharge more than one fourth part of the ally ferving, number of men actually ferving for fuch county, riding, or place, at the time of palling this aCi, until other men, according to the directions of this a£t, fhall be raifed and enrolled to ferve for fuch county, riding, or place: provided always, That every

fuch

being fo tn lifted, and refuting fo to do, to belong to the regiment from which dif-charged. Where the

quired by this a&, no more than a fourth of the quota fhall be dil-charged;

until the fourth of the quota (hall have enlifted

Hosted by Google

179S.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 106*	405

fuch colonel or commanding officer may, from time to time, as into the regu-often as fuch other men ffiall be raifed and enrolled in the mili- Iar ^orces* tia of fuch county, riding, or place, towards completing the quota required by this ad, difcharge, in manner and according to the diredions herein-before given, fuch further number of private men who fhall have been adually ferving in fuch militia at the time of paffing this ad, as fhall have defired, or (hall from time to time defire, to enlift as aforefaid, fo as not to exceed the proportion of one fourth of the men then adually ferving in fuch militia; and every fuch colonel or commanding officer may continue from time to time to difcharge all fuch men as aforefaid, until the proportion of one fourth of the number of men required as the quota of militia of Rich county, riding, or place, fhall have enlifted into his Majefty’s regular forces under this ad; provided always, That if the number of men required to be en- Tf therequifite lifted as aforefaid cannot be obtained from fuch of the militia as	cannot

fhall have been adually ferving therein at the time of paffing of	obtained

this ad, it fhall be lawful for fuch colonel or commanding officer, from thofe from time to time, to difcharge in like manner, out of the men ferving at that fhall have been enrolled therein, after the paffing of this ad, fo many as fhall be neceflary to complete the proportion before- as ma^'be'ne-mentioned.	ceffary to

complete the proportion may be difeharged out of thofe enrolled thereafter.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this ad contained fhall extend to allow of any militia man or men enlifting or being enlifted under this ad, who fhall be under the height of five feet four inches, or to allow any militia man or men enlifling or being enlifted under this ad, into any regiment, corps, or troop of cavalry of his Majefty’s forces, or into his Majefty’s marine forces.

XXIX.	And he it further enaded. That the lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants as aforefaid, of every county, riding, and place aforefaid, (hall, at the expiration of two calendar months after the paffing of this ad, tranfmit to his Majefty’s privy council an accurate account in writing, of the number of perfons that fhall have been difeharged from the militia of their refpedive counties, ridings, and places, and enlifted in the regular forces under this ad ; which accounts fhall, in all cafes where the fame may be neceffarv, be tranfmitted by the commanding officers of fuch militia to fuch lieutenants or deputy lieutenants as aforefaid, for that purpofe,

to them by the commanding officers of

No man under a certain h. ight to he enlifted, nor any into the cavalry or marines.

County lieutenants to tranfmit to the privy council an account of the number difeharged, and enlifted in the regular forces; which accounts, where necef-fary. fhall he tranfmitted

XXX. And be it further enaded. That after the paffing of this Mis Majdiy

ad, it fhall be lawful for his Majefty, by any warrant under his may direct any

fign manual, direded to the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as numbtr of r r -	•	.	,	1	-	r J n .. , . . men railed

aforefaid, trom time to time, when and as otten as he lhall think un(jer ^

fit, to difembody any number of militia men raifed under the faid Geo. 3, c. 3.

ads of the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Ma- an.d or

jelly, or raifed after the paffing of this ad; and for that purpofe

to au^horhe and direct any colapel or <;oroo\aading officer of any t^c*1T refpec-

& d 3	rpilitia	tive	abodes

fuch as do not, fhall re^ main liable to ferve in the militia, and fhall join when required.

406 Anno regni trlcefimonono Georgii III. c. 106. [1798.

militia to difembody and difmifs to their refpedlive places of abode, any fuch number of fuch fupplementary or other militia men aforefaid as his Majefty fhall think fit; and every fuch colonel or commanding officer (hall, within fourteen days after the iffuing of any warrant as aforefaid, proceed, according to the di-regions of fuch warrant, to difembody and difmifs fuch fupplementary or other militia men aforefaid to their refpedtive places of abode, in manner and at the times in fuch warrant mentioned. Perfons fo XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That all fe^^edfo^o Per^ons	difembodied and difmifled as aforefaid,or fele&ed, taken,

be, may enlift or drafted for the purpofe of being fo difembodied or difmifled as in the regular aforefaid, from any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, in forces, and whatfoever the fame may be done, may, during the time of their remaining fo difembodied as aforefaid, or at any time after they fhall have left any regiment, battalion, or corps, of militia, under any order of the colonel or commanding officer thereof, for the purpofe of being fo difembodied or difmifled as aforefaid, enlift in his Majefty’s regular forces under this ad; and that all perfons fo difembodied and difmifled as aforefaid, who fhall not during fuch time as aforefaid, enlift in any of his Majefty’s regular forces, fhall remain liable to ferve in the fame militia, and fhall, and they are hereby required to join any regiment, battalion, and corps of militia, ferving for the county, riding, or place, from the militia of which they fhall have been refpedively difmifled, whenever called upon fo to do, either for the purpofe of fupplying the vacancies which may arife in the faid militia, or whenever they fhall be again embodied under any warrant under his Majefty’s fign manual, which warrant as aforefaid his Majefty is hereby empowered to iflue whenever he fhall think fit, and fhall be and remain fubjedt to all fuch and the like rules and orders, and to all and the like pains and penalties as any other perfons enrolled to ferve in the militia are fubjedi and liable to by any a£t or adls now in force, at fuch times as the faid militia fhall not be embodied under the faid adis, or as fuch perfons are fubjedt and liable to at the time of the embodying of any militia.

XXXII. And be it further enadted, That every colonel or commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or company of militia fhall, within twenty days, or as foon as conveniently may be after the iffuing of any warrant under this ad! for the difembo-dying and difmifling any militia men belonging to fuch regiment, tain peiiod, a battalion, or company, tranfmit, or caufe to be tranfmitted, to the men dft- clerk of the general meeting of lieutenancy of the county, riding, etn o ltd. or p|ace t0 whicb fuch militia fhall belong, a lift of all fuch militia men as fhall have been difembodied and difmifled in purfuanceof any fuch warrant as aforefaid; and every fuch lift fhall be made In the following form;

Colonel: of militia to tranfmit to . the clerk of the general meeting, within a cer

Date4

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 106.	407

Dated the	day	of	Form	0f	lift.

Name of the county, &c.	Names of the men difembodied and difrniffed.		If fubflitues, for whom they ferve.	Of the pari/h of	In the hundred of
	A.	B.	— —	P.	H.
	E.	F.	c. d.	M.	N.

And the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants adting for fuch county, Lieutenant to riding, or place, (hall caufe the men neceffary for fupplying any fupply vacan-vacancies that may hereafter arife in the militia of fuch county, riding, or place, to be ballotted for out of the perfons returned in perfonT ' any fuch lift as aforefaid ; and fo from time to time as occafion ballotted to (hall require, fo long as any of the perfons returned in any fuch lift ferve the recan be found to fupply fuch vacancies as aforefaid ; and every rounder of ithe perfon fo ballotted to fupply any fuch vacancy, (hall ferve in the engaged'be-0 militia of fuch county, riding, or place, upon the conditions and fore difmif* for the remainder of the time for which fuch perfon fhall have fion. been engaged to ferve in fuch militia before he was difembodied and difrniffed as aforefaid; and whenever and as foon as all the perfons returned in any fuch lift or lifts that can be found to fupply fuch vacancies as aforefaid, (hall have been ballotted for out of fuch lift or lifts as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the men neceflary for fupplying fuch future vacancies as may arife in fuch militia (hall be raifed, chofen, and ballotted for, in manner by this adf diredfed.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for Any officer

any officer appointed by his Majefty under this adt, or any fer- appointed by jeant or other perfon duly authorifed by the commander in chief o^anv^ed’on of his Majefty’s forces for that purpofe, to enlift into any regi- authorifed by ment, battalion, or corps of his Majefty’s regular forces, any the com-militia man fo difembodied under and by virtue of this adf, and zander in who is willing to be fo enlifted, and (hall appear fit for fervice; enlifi-5 nhlhia and every fuch officer, ferjeant, or other perfon as aforefaid, en- mendifembo-i lifting fuch perfon as aforfaid, and every fuch perfon foenlifting to died, and ferve in his A4ajefty’s regular forces under this adf, fhall be freed willing to and difcharged from all pains, penalties, or forfeitures whatfoever	forces

incurred by reafon of fuch enlifting, entering, or offering to ferve

as aforefaid; any ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That Adt not to

nothing in this adt contained fhall authorife any officers ap- authorife

pointed by his Majefty to enlift and receive militia men under	any

\ .	J	J	rc	,	/T.	militia men,

this adt, or any commanding officer, or other officer, or uniefs dif-

non-commiffioned officer, of any regiment, battalion, or corps, charged or to

in his Majefty’s regular forces, or other perfon, to enlift, or be difemhodi-

perfuade to enlift, or receive any militia man, other than fuch as

(hall have been duly difcharged by the colonel or commanding

p d 4	office^	*

Hosted by vjOO^IC

lieutenant, of any militia man’s having voluntarily enlifted into the regular

408 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. [1798.

officer of the militia to which the perfon defirous of enlifting (hall belong, in cafe fuch man (ball be a£tually ferving in the militia, or other than fuch as (hall have left any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia for the purpofe of being difcmbodied in manner herein-before mentioned.

Onprodu&ion XXXV. And be it further enacted, That upon the produc-to the county tlon t0 t^le lieutenant or three deputy lieutenants of the county, ' riding, or place, from the militia of which anv perfon or perfons difcharged or difembodied under this a61 was or were enlifted, of a certificate or certificates, under the hand of any juftice or juf-tices of the peace of any county, riding, or place in Great Britain, or of any magiftrate of any borough, town, or place therein, forces, he (hall of any fuch private man belonging to the mrlitia having volun-nanle tc^be tan'y enlifted and entered himfelf as aforefaid, and of alike cer-dftaharged tificate or certificates, under the hands of any officer or officers from the lift appointed by bis Majefty to receive fuch men, or duly authorifed of men ferving to eniift any man or men into his Majefty’s regular forces, of fuch fo^kecoonty, mari or men having entered into his Majefty’s regular forces not be obliged (which certificates every fuch juftice or magiftrate and officer re-to ballot for fpecftiveiy is hereby required to give gratis), every fuch lieutenant another man. or deputy lieutenants is and are hereby required to caufe the perfon named in fuch certificate to be difcharged from the lift of militia men ferving for fuch county, riding, or place, and the certificate of the number of men to be raifed for the militia of fuch county, riding, or place, according to the quota required by this to be amended, by ftriking out fuch number ot men as (hall be enlifted in his Majefty’s regular forces,from the militia of fuch county, riding, or place, by virtue of this a6f; and the county, riding, or place, for which any private militia man fo enlifted Was railed, fhall not be obliged to ballot for any other in the room of the militia man fo enlifted, but (hail be di charged from raif-ing any men to fupply any vacancy occafioned by any enlifting under or in puriuancc of this a6t.

XXXVI.

ditional allowance Jhould be made to the wives and families ofJerjeants, corporals, and private men in the militia of Great Britain, during the time they jhould remain in adlual fervue in Ireland, over and above fuch allowances as zvere payable and paid to fuch wives and families, by any adi or adls new in force: and whe reas in purfuance of an order of the lords commijftoners of his Majefty's tteafury, the receivers genera! of the land and affjjcd taxes zvere dire died, within their rcj'pedhve receiverfaips, to reimburje to the overfeers of the poor of every panfo or place zvhere the wives and families of any militia jprjeant, corporal, or private refpedhvely entitled to any fuch additional a/lctvancc Jhould rcfulc, all Jitcb Jums of money as fuch Gvcrfeers of the poor Jhould from time to time advance and pay to fuch wives and children of militia men, at the rate of eight-pence per zveek for each perfon entitled thereto, upon Juch overfeers producing a?id delivering to the collcdlors of the land tax or ajfejfed taxes within fuch parijh or place, an account in vjriting of all fuch fums of money Jo advanced and paid by fuch overfeers, for and in rejpedl of any fuch additional extra, ailoivances 5 and cilfo a true copy of the order or orders which fuch

wives

And whereas it has been thought expedient that an ad-

Hosted by

Google

1798*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. io6.	409

wives or families might have obtained from any magiflrate, in pur -fuance of any all or acts of parliament for providing for the families of militia men, fuch account having been firjl verified upon the oaths of fuch ovcrfiers before a juflice of the peace of fuch county, and fuch overfeers giving at the fame time a receipt for the money mentioned in fuch accounts refpettively: and whereas doubts have been entertained refpebiing the validity of the faid orders, and it is expedient that fuch doubts Jhould be removed: be it therefore declared and enacted,

That all juftices of the peace, and all overfeers, officers, and paying an other perform, who fhall have made any fuch order, or fhall have additional paid any fum or fums of money, or done any aft, matter, or allowance to thing, for or in refpeft of any fuch extra allowance, fhall, from and after the paffing of this aft, be, and are hereby refpeftively	of

indemnified for and on account of every fuch payment, and for Great Britain or on account of any fuch aft, matter, or thing, done in pur- on fervice in fuance of and in conformity with fuch order as aforefaid, as fully ^ed0and^ll and effectually, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if fuch perfons afting payments had been made, and afts, matters, and things done, in under it purfuance of any aft of parliament.	indemnified.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted. That the wife or family While militia of any ferjeant, corporal, or private man, belonging to the militia of England^ of England, who (hall be aftually ferving in Ireland, and whofe wife or family (hall be entitled under any order of a juffice of the theirwives peace to any allowance under any aft or afts of parliament now and families to in force, (hall, during all the time that fuch militia ferjeant, cor- be entitled to poral, or private man, fhall continue in aftual fervice in the faid ^nowanceout militia in Ireland,, over and above the weekly allowance that fhall 0f the poor be payable to fuch wife or family, by virtue of fuch order as rates, aforefaid, under fuch aft or afts of .parliament as aforefaid, by the like order of fome fuch juffice of the peace as aforefaid, out of the rates made for the relief of the poor, to be entitled unto, and the overfeer or overfeers of the parifh or place where fuch wife or family fhall dwell (hall pay to fuch wde or family the following additional allowance; that is to fay, The fum of eight-pence for each and every child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years ; and the fum of eight-pence for the wife of any fuch militia ferjeant, corporal, or private man as aforefaid, whether he fhall or fhall not have any child or children ; and fuch additional allowance fhall be payable and paid out of the rates for the relief of the poor of fuch parifh, tything, or place, and (hall be reimburfed to fuch overfeer or overfeers in manner herein-a/ter mentioned.

XXXVIII And be it further enafted. That when any overfeer JuftiVs to ex*, or overfeers of the poor of any parifh, tything, or place, ihali, before am‘ne ac“ the paffing of this aft, have advanced any ium or lums of money under fuch order of the lords commiffioners of hU Majcfty’s overfeers for treafury as aforefaid, and fuch fum or fums of money fhall not fuch addition-have been reimburfed to fuch overfeer or overfeers m manner in allowances, the faid order directed ; or when any overfeer or overfeers of the fo* re-***" poor of any parifh, tything, or place fljall, after the paffing ofceiver general {his aft^ pay any fum or (urns of money under and by virtue of to repay rt,

thi

Hosted by Google

410 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. [179S.

this adV, for or towards any fuch additional allowance as aforefaid, that then and ip all fuch cafes it fhall be lawful for any two juftices of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where fuch payment fhall have been made, and they are hereby required, within fourteen days after the pafling of this adf, as to all fuch payments as fhall have been made before the pafling thereof, and, once in every quarter of a year, as to all fuch payments as fhall be made after the pafling of this adf, to enquire into and examine the account of monies fo paid as aforefaid, at the requeft and on the oath or folemn affirmation of fuch overfeer or overfeers, and thereupon fhall allow all fuch payments as fhall appear to fuch juftice to have actually been made for and on account of fuch additional extra allowances, and fhall thereupon forthwith make an order for the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, in which the family, to which fuch additional allowance (hall have been paid, fhall refide, to pay the fum allowed by them in fuch account out of any monies in the hands of fuch receiver general ariling from any duties receivable by him as fuch receiver general ; and fuch receiver general, or his deputy, fhall, and they are hereby refpedlively required to pay the fum fo allowed in fuch account as aforefaid, or to remit the fame within fourteen days after the receipt of fuch order to the overfeers of the poor of the parifh, tything, or place, from which fuch order fhall have been tranfmitted to him; and fuch order, certifying the amount allowed in fuch account, fhall be a fufficient difeharge to fuch receiver general for payment of fuch fum of money; and all fuch fums of money fo paid by fuch receiver general as aforefaid (hall be reimburfed to fuch receiver general out of the fums voted for the extraordinaries of the army*

Continuance XXXIX. And be it further enadfed, That fo much of this of a ft.	adf as relates to the number of men to ferve in the militia for

that part of Great Britain called England, fhall remain and be in force during the continuance of the war, and for fix months after the concjufion of a general peace, and no longer.

CAP. CVII.

An aft for granting to his Majefly certain flamp duties on hills of exchange and prom iffory notes for f?nallfums of money.—[July 12,

1799-]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TIT E, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the W commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards railing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s pub-lick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the duties herein-after mentioned; and dp moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted ; and be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and

commons,

Hosted by Google

1798-] Anno regriitrlcefimo nono Georgii III. c, 107.	411

commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the au- From Dec. 1,

thority of the fame, Thar, from and after the firfl day of De-

cember one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, there (hall Jo bfpaid’on

be charged, afTefl'ed, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and bills of ex-

fuccefTors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, the feveral change and

duties herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay),	promijfory

v	J	77	notes for

For and upon every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, fums# (heet or piece of paper, upon which any bill of exchange, pro- ies# rniflory note, or other note, draft, or order, whether payable on demand or otherwife, fliall be engrofled, written, or printed, whejre the fum exprefTed therein or made payable thereby fhall be for one pound, and one pound and one (hilling each, there fhall be charged a (lamp duty of two-pence; and where the fum exprefTed therein or made payable thereby fhall be five {hillings, as hereinafter mentioned, there fhall be charged a ftamp duty of one halfpenny.

For and upon every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or or fheet or piece of paper, upon which any promifTory note or other note for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, which by the tenor thereof is payable only at the place where tlie fame was firft: ifTued, and which may be re-iftuable from time to time after payment at that place fhall be engroffed, written, or printed, where the fum exprefTed therein or made payable thereby (ball be for one pound, or one pound and one (billing, there (ball be charged a ftamp duty of two-pence ; and where the fum exprefTed therein or made payable thereby fhall be five (hillings, as herein-after mentioned, there (ball be charged a ftamp duty of one half-penny.

For and upon every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, upon which any promifTory note or other note for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, which by the tenor thereof, or by any direction or appointment thereunto fubjoined or annexed, fhall be payable at two or more different places, or at any place different from that where it fhall have been originally ifTued, and which may be re-iffued from time to time after any payment at the fame place, or any Other place than where the fame was firft ifTued, fhall be en-jgrofled, written, or printed, where the fum exprefTed therein or made payable thereby, fhall be for one pound or one pound and one ftiilling, there fhall be charged a ftamp duty of four-pence ; and where the fum exprefTed therein or made payable thereby fhall be five (hillings, as herein-after mentioned, there fhall be c harged a ftamp duty of one penny.

II. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no-thing in this act contained fhall extend to charge any draft mami Up0n a or order for the payment of money on demand upon any banker refuU b^nker, or perfon or perfons acting as a banker, and refiding or ing within tr anfa&ing the bufinefs of a banker within ten miles of the place of abode of the perfon or perfons drawing fuch draft or order, not liable to

III. And

Hosted by Google

412	Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. [1798*

31 Geo. 3. c.	III. And whereas, by an aft faffed in the thirty-firft year of the

25, recited. reign of his prcfent Majsfly, the governor and company of the bank of England were empowered to compound for all the Jlamp duties by the /aid aft impofed for all notes and bills iffued by themy on payment of a certain fum of twelve thoufand pounds in the Jaid aft mentioned : and whereas the fatd duties have been greatly increafed ftnce the mak~ ing the faid aft y for which no further cornpofition has been made: and whereas it may be proper to exempt all promiffory and other notes and bills iffued by the governor and company of the bank 0/* England from the payment of the famp duties impofed by this afty or any aft paffed ftnce the faid aft of the thirty -firfi year before mentioned, upon pro?niffory and other notes or bills, in confederation and upon payment of a certain fum of money in lieu thereof: be it therefore enafted. Bank of Eng- That all promifiory and other notes and bills iffued by the faid kind notes governor and- company of the bank of England (hall be exempted from the du- ^rom tbe faid damp duties charged by this aft upon notes for fums ties charged of one pound, and one pound and one (hilling each, upon payment by by this ad on the faid governor and company of the fum of four thoufand pounds, otC°ocol^ antT t^e cornpofition hereby agreed to be paid by the faid governor fiorcwdl’aci- and company fo long as fuch notes fhall be iffued by them ; and alfo from all and every the additional (lamp duties impofed by any aft or afts paffed after the faid aft of the thirty-firfi: year aforefaid, and now in force, upon promiffory and other notes or bills, upon payment of the further annual fum of eight thoufand pounds by the faid governor and company, fuch payments to be made into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer by half-yearly payments, on or before the firfi: day of June and the firfi: day of December in every year, the firfi: payment thereof to be made on or before the- firfi: day of June one thoufand eight hundred; any thing herein-before or in any former aft contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithfianding.

I V. And for ojceriaining by whom the faid Jlamp dirties herein-Duty payable before granted fhall be payable, be it further enafted, That the duties hereby granted on any bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, filial 1 be paid by the perfon or peifons giving the fame.

V.	And be it further enafted, That no bill of exchange required to be fiamped by this aft fha!i be re ifiued under any pretence whatever; and that in all cafes where any promiffory note or other note, for the payment of money to the bearer on der mand, which filial 1 contain any fum of one pound and one (hilling, or of one pound refpeftively, and (hall be marked with a mark or (lamp to denote the rate or duty of -two pence hereby is hereby re- impofed, or where any fuch promiffory note or other note which pofed,Vp^dim	contain the fum of five (hillings, and (hall be marked with

by perfcns a mark or (lamp of one halfpenny hereby impofed, fhall, at any giving them time after the (aid firfi: day of December one thoufand (even hun-^red anc* ninety-ninc> be paid by the perfon or perfons by whom fued, may be l^e ^ame have been made or figned, and firfi iffqed or ne-re-ifiued; but gociated, and at the place where the fame was firfi' iffued or ne-if paid by any gociated, it (hall and may be foyftul for the perfon or perfons fo

ditional duties impofed ftnce recited aft on a com po fit ion of 8oooi. payable half yearly.

ny the giver of the note*

No bill of exchange to be re-iffued.

Notes payable on demand, on which a duty of ad. or a q.

Hosted by Google

x79^-1 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 107.	413

paying the fame, notwithftanding fuch payment thereof at any other per. time afterwards, and fo from rime to time fo often as there (hall an^oftLr* be occafion after every fuch payment thereof, but not otherwife* i^pur-again to iflue, utter, or negociate fuch promiflory notes or other fuance or ap-notes fo refpedively damped as aforefaid, in fuch and the like pointment manner as the fame were firft iflued or negociated ; and all fuch ^Pre.ffecl . notes fo refpeclively damped as aforefaid (hall be and are hereby be^cancellcd, declared to be after any fuch payment thereof, but not other- and if re -wife, to be again ifluable and negociable from time to time as iflued, or if aforefaid, in fuch and the like manner, and to fuch and the like ^^he^art ufes, intents, and purpofes as and for whiyh the fame were firft iflued or negociated, any law or ftatute, or any ufage or cuftom to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding; and all fuch notes fo refpedtively damped as lad aforefaid, which, at any time or times from and after the faid fird day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, (hall be paid by any perfon or perfons other than the perfon or perfons making or figning the fame, or at any place other than the place of ifluing the fame, in purfuance of any direction, nomination, or appointment for the payment thereof, contained or exprefled in or upon fuch notes refpe&ively* {hall be taken and conftrued to be thereupon wholly difcharged, vacated, and fatisfied, and fhall be no longer negociable or transferable to any intent or purpofe whatever, but (hall be forthwith cancelled ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall again iftue, utter, or negociate, or caufe to be again if-fued, uttered, or negociated, any fuch promiftbry or other note after any payment thereof, by any perfon or perfons, other than the perfon or perfons making or figning the fame, or at any place other than the place of ifluing the fame in manner laid men-tioned, or if any perfon or perfons named or defcribed in any fuch note for the payment thereof fhall, after fuch payment thereof in manner lad-mentioned, negietd or refufe to cancel the fame, or caufe the fame to be cancelled, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending diall for every fuch offence forfeit the fucn of twenty pounds ; and if any fuch note fo damped as lafl afore- Such notes, faid fhall not be cancelled as is herein-before direded, but fhall not cancelled,

be again iflued, uttered, or negociated contrary to this ad, then	„

,9	J	r	f X iflued, fhall

and m every luch cafe, and from time to time as often as fuch thc lamc

note (hall be again iflued, uttered, or negociated, there fha 11 be duty as when

due, anfwered, and paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, firft iflued.

the like rate or duty which fhall appear to have been charged

thereon before the firft ifluing the fame, or which U by this a£t

chargeable thereon as aforefaid, and which rate or duty fhall be

payable by and charged on ali and every perfon or perfons feve-

rally and refpedlively who fhall again iflue, utter, or negociate

any fuch note or notes, or fhall caufe or procure any fuch note

or notes to be again iflued, uttered, or negociated contrary to

this ad, his, her, and their refpedive executors, admini orators,

and afligns.

VI.	Piovided always, and be it further enabled, That all pro- Notes, ftamp-miffory notes or other notes for the payment of money to the ^ with the

bearer duty°f*d-

Luartr and id. re-

Hosted by

Google

by whom and at other places than were firft iflued.

Notes fo re-ifiuable (hall be the property of the

414 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii IT!, c. 107. [1798.

fpedively, bearer on demand refpedively, for the fums of one pound and may be re- one {hilling, or of one pound each, which (hall be damped with illaed, though the duty Gf four pence hereby impofed, and all fuch notes for the perfons than *"Ljm &ve {hillings each, which (hall be damped with the duty of one penny hereby impoied in the manner before directed, fhall be, and are hereby declared to be re-iftuable, and may be again iflued and negociated by virtue of this ad by the perfon or perfons making or figning the fame, to fuch and the like ufesr intents, and purpofes as and for which the fame were firft iflued or negociated, notwithftanding fuch notes fhall have been pre-fented to and paid by the perfon or perfons making or figning the fame, or fhall have been prefented to or paid by any other perfon or perfons, or at any other place than where the fame was firft iflued, in purfuance of any fuch direction, nomination, or appointment as aforefaid, for the payment thereof or otherwife howfoever, and fo from time to time as often as occafton fhall require, notwithftanding any payment or payments thereof;, any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That every fuch promiflory note or other note for the payment of money, to the bearer on demand, which (hail be iflfuable or iflued after fuch payment or

perfonsVold- payments as aforefaid in purfuance of this ad, (hall be taken and ing them. conftrued to be, by virtue thereof, due and payable to and the property of the perfon or perfons holding the fame notwithftanding fuch payment or payments as aforefaid, and fuch perfon ar perfons fhall be pofTefled thereof in fuch manner as he, {he, or they would or might be pofTefled thereof or entitled thereunto upon or before the firft ifiuing the fame, and (hall and may maintain an action thereupon in fuch manner as he, (he, or they might do, and have all the like remedies in law as he, fhe, or they might have had upon or before the firft ifluing the fame; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And whereas two afti pajfed in the fifteenth and /even-teentb years of the reign of his prefent Majefly to refrain the negotiation of promiffory notes under five pounds, made and negociated in England, have been by feveral fubfequent afts of the thirty-feventhy thirty-eighth, and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefly fufpended until and upon the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, Jo far as the fame relates to any notes, drafts, or undertakings made payable on demand to the bearer thereof: and ivhereas it is expedient further to fufpend the faid atis of the fif-teenth and feventeenth years aforefaid fo far as the fame relate to

until and up- fuc^ notes which foatt be ?nade for fums of one pound and one on Nov. 30, /killing) and of one pound each: be it further enaded, That the jSfoa.	faid recited ads of the fifteenth and feventeenth years aforefaid,

fo far as the fame relate to the making void of promiffory notes or other notes made payable on demand to the bearer thereof for fums of one pound and one {hilling and of one pound each, and alfo fo far as the fame reftrain the publifhing or utter-

15 Geo. 3. c. 51. and

17 Geo. 3. c. 30, recited, and fo far as they relate to notes payable on demand for one guinea

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii ITT. c. 107.	415

ing and negociating of any fuch promifTory notes or other notes as laft aforefaid, fhall from and after the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, be and the fame are hereby declared to be further fufpended until and upon the thirtieth day of November one thoufand eight hundred and two,

IX.	And whereas, by an aft pajfed in the thirty-ninth year of the 39 Geo. 3. c> reign of his prefent Majejly, certain banks and banking companies in recited. Scotland therein* mentioned are authorifed, until and upon the fifth

day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to iffue notes, billsY or tickets in t he nature of bank notes, payable to the bearer on demand, for any fum whatever under the fum of twenty-/hillings Jler~ ling, in the fame way that the faid banks and banking companies had heretofore been ufed to iffue notes for twenty /hillings and upwards fince the firfi day of June one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-five, any thing in an aft pajfed in the fifth year of his Majejly3s reign to the contrary notwithflanding: and whereas it is expedient that the faid aft Jhould be further continued and amended in certain particulars herein-after mentioned: be it therefore enacted, That, from and From July 5, after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and 1799>the ninety-nine, it fhall be lawful to and for the bank of Scotland and the royal bank of Scotland, the Briti/h linen company, the &c# may iffue Carron company, and all other banks and banking companies notes pay-in Scotland, who, on or before the firfi day of January one thou- at)le to bearer land feven hundred and ninety-feven, have exercifed the bufi-finefs of banking or keeping any bank for receipt of money, and ling^as they have iffued notes under the firm of fuch bank in the nature of have hereto-bank notes, but to and for no other perfon or perfons, company f°re hfhed or companies whatfoever, to iffue, re-iffue, and negociate notes, an^u^vva^ds bills, or tickets in the nature of bank notes, payable to the bearer * on demand, for the fum of five (hillings fterling each, in the fame way that the faid banks and banking companies have heretofore been ufed to iifue notes for twenty-fhillings and upwards fince the firfi day of June one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-five; any thing in the faid aci of the fifth year of his Majefiy’s reign to the contrary notwithfianding.

X.	Provided always, That the authority to iffue, re-iffue, or Such iffue to

negociate fuch notes, bills, and tickets as aforefaid, fhall have continue till continuance until and upon the firfi day of Dece?nber one thou- to the°°* fand eight hundred, and from thence until the end of the next end Qf ^ fefiion of parliament, and no longer.	next fefllon*

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no From Dec.

bill of exchange, promifTory note, bill, ticker, or other note in *799* no bill the nature of bank notes, fhall from and after the faid firfi day ofot exchange December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, be if-note fhall be fued or negociated in that part of Great Britain called Scotland iffued in Scot-for any fums under five pounds fierling each, other than the faid land under 5L fum of five (hillings, or the fums of one pound and one pound,	ex*\r

and one (hilling fierling each, under pain that every perfon of- onVguiru^^ fending herein fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the on penalty of fum of ten pounds,	»ol.

XII. Ike-

Hosted by Google

Banks or companies in Scotland may, on licence, iffne cr re-iffne notes tor 5s. fterling un-

416 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. [1798.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That if the faid bank, of Scotland or royal bank of Scotland, or the Paid Britijh linen company, the Carr on company, or any other bank or banking company in Scotland herein-before mentioned or defcribed, fhall be defirous of iffuing or re-ifTuing fuch notes for fums of five (hillings fterling each without the fame being (lamped as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for them refpedtively, on their obtain-givifflekirity inS a licence for that purpofe, and giving fecurity for the due for payment payment of the duties in manner herein mentioned, to iffue and of the duties, re-iftue fuch notes in like manner as fuch notes may by this a<5t be iffued or re-iftued when duly (lamped as by this a<5t is required.

Notes for 5s. XIII. And be it further enadled, That all fuch notes, bills, bankln^ an^ anc* ^c^ets f°r	°f ^ve (hillings fterling each, which

company, or (hall be iffued, re-iffued, or negociated under the authority of for il. or one this a6t, by or on account of any bank or banking company be-guinea, by f0re defcribed and duly licenfed as aforefaid, and all fuch notes, bills, and tickets for fums of one pound, or of one pound and one (hilling fterling each, which (hall be iffued, reriffued, or negociated under the authority of this a£l, by or on account of the bank of Scotland or royal bank of Scotland, duly authorifed as aforefaid, (hall, during the term of fuch licence or authority to be granted as aforefaid, be freed and exempted from the (lamp duties granted by this a<51, upon the terms and conditions that the bank or banking company by or on whofe account fuch notes, bills, or tickets fhall be iffued, re-iffued, or negociated as aforefaid, fhall pay the full amount of the duties that would be payable on all fuch notes, bills, and tickets, which (hall be if-iued, re-iffued, or negociated by them refpedlively as aforefaid.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That no be made a	undamped note, bill, or ticket, iffued in Scotland by any

ablest any^” bank or banking company under the authority of this aeft as aforefaid, dial! be made payable at any other place than the place where the fame was firft iftued; and every fuch note, bill, or ticket, which by the tenor thereof fhall not be payable at any other place than the place where the fame w as firft iftued, fhall and may be re-iffued from time to time during the period in this aeft allowed by the fame bank or banking company who firft iftued the fame, without any (lamp or mark affixed thereon, in like manner in every refpeeft, and according to the rules and regulations by which notes of any other perfons made payable in like manner may be re-iftued when duly (lamped as by this adl is directed.

Commiffion- XV. And be it further enabled, That the commiffioners for duties^mayP managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, grant licences or any two or more of them for the time being, or fome perfon to banks to authorifed by them, or any three or more of them, fhall in the ifiue unftampt manner herein directed, on application for the fame, and on pay-notes or 5s. meilt Qf the fum Qf £ve {billings, grant licences under their or his hands and feals refpedtively to any bank or banking company

herein*

the bank or royal bank of Scotland, during the term of the licence, (hall be exempt from (lamp duty, upon condition that the amount fhall be paid.

Unftampt notes not to

any other than the place where firft iffued.

Hosted by Google

1798-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 107.	417

herein-before mentioned or defcribed, to iffue, re-iffde* and ne-gociate all fuch notes, bills, and tickets as aforefaid, for the fum of five (hillings each, on undamped paper, under the authority of this adf: and during the continuance of the fame ; and every fuch bank and banking company before mentioned fhall be entitled to receive fuch licence on performance of the previous conditions herein required at fome office, to be appointed by thd faid commiffioners, in Edinburgh.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That every Banksdefiroua

bank and banking company defirous of obtaining fuch licence as obtaining

aforefaid fhall caufe to be regidered with the faid commiffioners	^

of damp duties at their faid office, to be appointed as aforefaid, regjprereci

at the time of applying for fuch licence as aforefaid, the name with the

and names by which fuch bank or banking company may law- commif-

fully fue and be fued, or the firm and defcription of fuch bank

or banking company ; and fhall alfo certify or caufe to be cer- n.arnes by

tified to the commiffioners of damp duties, or their officer ap- which they

pointed by them at their faid office, at the time of applying for may^be fued,

fuch licence^ the name and names, and place or places of abode an(* the ,

/• .	n	■	rt • names anci

of the partner or partners, agent or agents, calmer or cafhiers abode of the

appointed or employed by fuch bank or banking company to perfons em*

keep the book or books of account of the notes, bills, and tickets ployed to

fo to be iffued and re-iffued as aforefaid, and the name or names ^countof the

of the place or places where fuch books of account as aforefaid notes iffued,

are or fhall be kept; and that whenever any other perfon or per- &c.

Tons fhall be appointed to fucceed any fuch partner or partners,

agent or agents, cafhier or cafhiers as aforefaid, whofe name

fhall have been or ought to have been certified to the faid com-*

miffioners of damp duties, or their faid officer, according to the

directions herein-before given, then and in every fuch cafe the

like certificate fhall be made of the name or names, and place

or places of abode, of all and every fuch fuccefTors and fucceffor

as aforefaid to the faid commiffioners of damp duties, or their

faid officer, within twenty-one days after fuch perfon or perfons

fhall be appointed to fucceed as aforefaid ; and in cafe of refufal

or wilful neglect in making and delivering any fuch regifter or

certificate as aforefaid, the faid commiffioners and their officers

are hereby refpectively authorifed to refufe fuch licence.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any perfon, whofe Penalty of duty it fhall be to keep fuch book or books of account as afore- on the faid fhall knowingly omit to make a proper entry in the book or jng fuCb books kept for that purpofe of any undamped note, bill, or accounts for ticket aforefaid, iffiied, re-iffued, or negociated by the hank or omitting to banking company licenfed to iffue the faid undamped notes, ^tar^ed bills, or tickets, or (hall knowingly make any falfe entry in any note> or fuch book or books, or fhall be guilty of any fraud or grofs neg- making any left in his duty, every fuch perfon fhall, fo offending, for every folk entry, fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That every bank and Bankslicenfed banking company, fo to be licenfed as aforefaid to ifiue notes,to ^ue bills, and tickets upon undamped paper, fhall caufe the words noteas^have

Vol, XLII.	Ee	'	41 Licenfed

certain words

on their houfes, or in their offices, on penalty of 10I. and forfeiture of licence.

Anno regni trlcefimo nono Geougii 111. c. 107. [1798.

“Licenfedto iffue Notes, Bills, and Tickets of Five Shillings each without Stamp” to be painted or written in large and legible characters either over the door or in fome vifible place either on the front of every houfe or in fome confpicuous place within the fame, where the bufinefs of fuch bank or banking company fhall be tranfafted, or fuch notes, bills, and tickets aforefaid (hall be iffued, re-iffued, or' paid, and which place (hall have been approved of by the (aid commillioners, or their officer appointed by them for that purpofe; and if any bank or banking company (hall iffue any fuch unftamped notes, bills, or tickets as afore-faid, without having fo painted or written and put up fuch words in manner herein-before directed, every fuch bank and banking company fo offending fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, and the licence fo granted to fuch bank or banking company (hall be void to all intents and purpofe s.

The bank or XIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if the royal the faid bank of Scotland or royal bank of Scotland (hall be de-Undhna ^ITue ^irous ^umg an<^ re-iffuing notes in the nature of bank notes, unftamped Ue payable to the bearer on demand, for fums of one pound or one notes for	pound and one (hilling fterling each or either of them, without

il. or one	the fame being (lamped as by this aft is direfted, it (hall be

^ivin^bond	f°r theni to do, on giving fecurity by bond to his Ma-

withCertain jefty> heirs and fucceffors, in which bond two of the direc-conditions. tors of each of the faid banks (hall be the obligors, together with fuch caflaier or cafhiers, or accountant or accountants employed by fuch banks as the faid commiffioners of (lamp duties (hall require, and fuch bonds (hall be taken in fuch reafonable, fums as the duties may amount unto during the period of one year, in manner before directed, with condition to enter or caufe to be entered in books to be prepared for that purpofe, an account of all unftamped notes, bills, and tickets for fums of one pound or one pound and one (hilling refpe<5\ively, which (hall be, at any time or times after the faid fir ft day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, iffued by the faid banks reflectively, and from time to time and once at lead in every (ix months, and at all fuch other times as the fame (hall be required by the commiffioners of (lamp duties, (hall exhibit to the barons of the exchequer in Scotland an account of the fums payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon fuch notes fo iliued by them as aforefaid, and verify the fame account before the faid barons, upon the oaths of two directors of fuch banks re-fpeftively, and of the faid caffiier or cafhiers, accountant or accountants, or fuch of them as the faid commiffioners of ftamp duties fhall require; and (hall alfo caufe payment to be made to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiffioners (hall have authorised to receive the fame, of all fuch fums of money as aforefaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and on due performance thereof fuch laft-mentioned bond fhall be void; and it fhall be lawful for the faid commiffioners to fix the times and places of making fuch payment, and to fpecify the

fame

Hosted by Google

4*9.'

1798.1 Anno regtii tricefimc n6no Georgii ‘III. 0*107.

fame in the condition to every fuch bond,' and to renew the fame from time to to time in the manner herein-before directed as to other bonds herein-before mentioned.

XX.	Provided always* and be it enabled. That it fhall be The bank lawful to and for the faid bank of Scotland and royal bank of Scot- ^ank of Scot^ Idnd refpecfively, at their principal offices in Edinburgh or at any jand may

of their branches now edablilhed or which hereafter may be iffue their eftablifhed, to re-iffue fuch notes of one pound or of one pound notes of one and one (billing as were in circulation previous to the faid firft day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, p^or to upon keeping an account at Edinburgh of all fuch notes fo re- lf 1799, upon iffued, and accounting for and paying the duty thereon, in the keeping an fame way and manner in all refpedls as if fuch notes fo re- ^count^and iffued had not formerly been in circulation 5 and that for duly §uty"Sfore accounting for and paying fuch duties a ftipulation (hall be in- which a ferted in the condition of the bond to be given by fuch banks ftipulation refpe&ively, and that all notes of five (hillings, of one pound, or of one pound and one (hilling, may be re-iffued from time to ^ond^. ^ time, provided they have been once fubjeffied to and paid or accounted for the duty hereby impofed.

XXI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That the At the time partner or partners, or agent or agents aforefaid, or cafhier or of applying cafhiers, or one of them, with two fufficient fureties to be ap-

proved by the faid commiffioners or their officer to be appointed g;ven itl as aforefaid, (hall at the time of applying for fuch licence give fum as the or caufe to be given bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef- commiffioners fors, in fuch fum as the faid commiffioners of (lamp duties or their officers as aforefaid may think fit and reafonable, fo as the fi^forful-fame do not exceed the probable amount of the duties hereby filling certain granted that will be payable from fuch bank or banking com- conditions, pany licenfed under this a£f, within the period of one year from the date of fuch bond and during the continuance of fuch licence, with a condition that if fuch bank or banking company fo to be licenfed as aforefaid (hall from time to time caufe to be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe an account of all undamped notes, bills, and tickets aforefaid that (hall be iffued, re iffued, or negociated by fuch bank or banking company, and fhall, from time to time and once at lead in every fix months, and at all .fuch other times as the fame (hall be required by the faid commiffioners of (lamp duties or their officer to be appointed as aforefaid, caufe to be tranfmitted to fuch commiffioners, or deliver to fuch perfon as (hall be authorifed by them as aforefaid, a full and accurate account of all the undamped notes, bills, and tickets aforefaid that (hall have been iffued, re-iffued, or negociated fince the date of fuch bond, or fince the lad account that fhall have been tranfmitted to fuch commiffioners, or delivered to fuch perfon authorifed by them as aforefaid, or within fuch period of time as (hall be mentioned by fuch corn-mi flioners or perfon authorifed by them as aforefaid, and fhall alfo well and truly caufe payment to be made to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiffioners (hall have authorifed to re-

E e 2	ceive

Hosted by

Google

420

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. [1798,

ceive the fame, of all fuch futn and fums which fhall from time to time grow due to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, fuch bond (hall be void, but otherwife to be and remain in full force; and it (hall be lawful for fuch commiflioners to fix the times and

After Dec. i, 1799, no per-fons, excepting the directors of the bank or the royal bank of Scotland, or perfons acting under them, or li-cenfed to fign or illue any undamped note.

Duties to be uiYder the management of the commiflioners of damp duties.

Acts refpect-ing ftamp duties, not hereby altered, to extend to this ad.

places of malting fuch payments, and to fpecify the fame in the condition to every fuch bond, and which fhall be by two payments in the year at equal intervals, as nearly as may be; and every fuch bond may be required to be renewed from time to time at the difcretion of the faid commiflioners or the major part of them, and as often as the fame (hall be.forfeited, or the party or parties to the fame or any of them fhall die, become bankrupt or infolvent, or refide in parts beyond the Teas.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every perfon or perfons, except the direftors of the bank of Scotland and royal bank of Scotland^ and perfons afting under them refpeftively in their banking bufinefs, according to the provifions of this aft, who, from and after the firft day of December one thoufand feven 'hundred and ninety-nine, fhall write or fign, or caufe to be written or figned, or fhall firft iffue or re-iffue any bill of exchange, promiflory note, or other note, bill, or ticket required to be ftamped by this aft, without the fame being firft duly marked or ftamped with a proper mark or ftamp, in the manner herein preferibed, or upon which there fhall not be fome mark or ftamp refembling the fame, or without fuch perfon or perfons fhall aft therein by virtue of a licence granted for that purpofe under the authority of this aft, (ball for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That for the better and more effeftually levying and collefting the faid duties hereinbefore granted, the fame (hall be under the care and management of the commiflioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper; for which purpofe they or the major part of them are hereby required and empowered to employ the neceffary officers under them, and to ufe and provide fuch ftamps for the faid feveral duties as fhall be requifite in that behalf, and to do all other things neceffary to be done for putting this aft into execution with relation to the faid duties, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they or the major part of them are authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, penalties, and forfeitures, methods of recovering and diflributions of penalties and forfeitures, and allowances for prefent payments, and all other matters and things which, in and by any aft or afts of parliament relating to the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, provided and eftablifhed for raifing, levying, recovering, collefting, and fecuring the duties thereby granted or referred to, or any of them, and not hereby altered, fhall be of full force and effeft with relation to

the

Hosted by Google

1798O Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii HI, e. 108.	42*

the duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and put in execution for the raifing, levying, recovering, collecting, and fe* curing the fa id duties hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this a&, as fully and effe&ually to all intents and purpofes as if the fame had feverally and refpe&ively been hereby re-enadfed with relation to the faid duties hereby impofed.

XXV.	And be it further ena£led, That if any perfon fhall Perfons coirn-* counterfeit or forge any {lamp or mark directed or allowed to be

ufed by this a£t, for the purpofe of denoting the duties by this totoiler death,

a<5l granted, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and

fucceffors, of any of the faid duties, or fhall fraudulently ufe

any (lamp or mark dire&ed or allowed to be ufed by this a£l with

intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of

the faid duties, or fhall utter, vend, fell, or expofe to fale any

vellum, parchment, or paper liable to the faid duties with any

counterfeit {lamp or mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be

counterfeit, then every fuch perfon fo offending and being thereof

lawfully convicted {hall be adjudged a felon, and fhall fuffer death

as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, That the duties herein-Duties to be before granted fhall be paid from time to time into the hands of paid to the the receiver general for the time being of the duties on {lamped J^of^anT16* vellum, parchment, and paper, who fhall pay the fame (the ne- duties,andby ceffary charges of raifing, paying, and accounting for the fame him into the being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time exchequer, and in fuch manner as the duties charged on ilamped vellum, parchment, and paper are directed to be paid, and the faid

money fo paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid fhall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further ena£led, That the Appropriation monies arifing or to arife of the duty hereby granted, or of fo °f duties, much thereof as fhall be fufficient, (hall be deemed an addition

made to the revenue for the purpofe of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan made by virtue of any adl or a£ts paffed in this feffion of parliament; and that the faid monies fhall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt diflinCtly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and tha»t there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arifing from the faid duties and paid into the faid receipt (hall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this feflion of parliament for the purpofe of defraying fuch increafed charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from 3II other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. CVIII,

An afl to amend and render more effectual feveral acts for the redemption and pur ehafe of the land tax%—[July 12, 1799*]

e e 3	WHEREAS

Corporations may fell the the fee Ample of eftates to redeem the land tax not-withftanding its having been redeemed by leflees, &c.

422	Anno regni trieefimo nono Georgii III. c. 108. [1798.

Preamble*	‘X'YT’HEREAS it is expedient to make further provifton for fa-

Vy cilitating the redemption of the land tax by archbifloops, hi-floopS) and other ecclefiaJUcal perfons, and by all corporations, and to remove doubts which have arfen refpefling certain of the provifions of the feveral afls paffed for the redemption of the land tax : be it therefore enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for all bodies politick or corporate, and companies, who, by the feveral a£ts paffed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty and in the prefent feffion of parliament for the redemption and purchafe of land tax, are enabled to fell any of their manors, mefTuages, Jands, tenements, and hereditaments, for the purpofe of railing money for the redemption or purchafe of land tax, to fell and difpofe of the fee fimple and inheritance of any of their manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or of any part or parts thereof, for the purpofe of railing money for the redemption or purchafe of land tax charged on any manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments of fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or on any part or parts thereof, not-withftanding the land tax charged on the manors or other hereditaments fo propofed to be fold fliall have be:n redeemed by the refpe&ive lelTees pr copyholders or cuftomary tenants thereof, or other perfons having interefts therein, fo as fuch fale or [ales refpe&ively be made by fuch direction and authority as is required by an a£f paffed in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An afl to amend and render more ejfeflual two afls, paffed in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majcjlf s reign and the prefent fejjion of parliament, for the redemption and purchafe. of the land tax.

II.	And be it ena£ted. That when any manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments of or belonging to any bodies politick or corporate, or companies, which fliall be fold for the purpofes of this a£t or of the other a&s before mentioned, fhall be either exclufively or in common with other rpanors, mef? fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fubjetft to or charged with any yearly fum or Turns, flipend or ftipends, or other profit pr emolument to or for the ufe of any re<5k>r, vicar, curate, or other perfon or perfons, it (hall be lawful for the faid commif-

fioners appointed by virtue of the a<51 laft before mentioned to corporations, .. 0	J,	.	.	c ,

fold to redeem direct how and m what manner and proportions, and out of what

the land tax. part or parts of the manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, originally liable thereto, fuch fum or fums, fti-pend or ftipends, or other profits or emoluments as aforefaid, or any fpecifjc part or parts thereof, fhail refpe&ively be paid or borne in future $ and in every fuch cafe, and from thenceforth the manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or other heredita? ments, or fuch fpecific part or parts thereof, by or out of which the fame fliall be fo diredled fo be paid or borne, fhall be exclusively fubjedl thereto, and to fuch powers and remedies for tfye ^ecoyery thereof as the law has provided for the recovery of rent

relerve<4

39 Geo. 3.

р.	21.

The commif-fioners appointed by 39 Geo. 3.

с.	fnall direift how ftipends fhall be borne in future, which were charged upon eltates belonging to

Hosted by Google

179^*3 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgit III. c. 108.	423

referved on leafes; any thing in the (aid laft-mentioned a<Sl contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enabled, That, for raifing money for Corporation*

the purpofes of this or of the ads before mentioned, it fhall be HJ^Y enfran-r r	t	?	^	chile lands

lawful for all fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, to Golden of

enfranchife any meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments manors, fub-which are or (hall be holden by copy of court roll or other cuf-j^ to leafe tomary tenure of any manor belonging to any fuch bodies poli-tick or corporate, or companies, whether fuch manor be fubjed t-on t£,t]ie to any leafe or not, and alfo to fell and difpofe of any heriots, court of chan* fee-farm rents, chief rents, or quit rents, or other emoluments eery, or advantages ifluing or payable from or in refped of any freehold, or copyhold, or cuftomary manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or incident thereto and accruing therefrom, without any application to or direction of the court of chancery in regard thereto, any thing in the faid ads to the contrary notwithftanding; fuch fales and enfranchifements never-thelefs to be made by and under fuch direction and authority as is required by the faid ad, intituled An oft to render more ejfeftual two afts, pojfed in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty's reign and the prefe?zt fefion of parliament, for the redemption and purchafe of the land tax: provided alfo, That in cafe any fuch manor (hall If fuch manor be under leafe, it (hall be lawful for the commiffioners appointed he under leafe, under the authority of the faid laft-mentioned ad to fettle and fi0nereunder adjuft all queftions that may arife between any fuch body poli- 39 Qeo. 3. tick or corporate and company fo felling or enfranchifing as laft c. ai. mentioned, and his or their leflee or leflees, or any cejluique trujl may fettle all of fuch leflee or leflees, touching or concerning any fuch en- ^ve^corDcT franchifement or fale, and to order and dired a recompence to rations an(j be referved out of the purchafe money to fuch leflee or leflees, leffees. and fuch perfon or perfons (if any) as (hall or may be intereftecj or entitled as cefuique trufs or otherwife under fuch leflee or leflees for any lofs or injury that may occur to him, her, or them by any fuch fale or enfranchifement as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That, in order to raife money All perfons for the purpofes of the faid ads, it (hall be lawful for all and jriay fell every perfon or perfons, in the manner and under the regulations h€riots> mentioned and contained therein, refpedively to fell and difpofe

of any heriots, fervices, emoluments, or advantages ifluing or payable to him, her, or them from or in refped of any freehold, or copyhold, or cuflomary meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or incident thereto, or accruing therefrom.

V.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for any Freehold

fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, by and under eftates may

fuch diredion and authority as aforefaid, and alfo for all and be fold to

j	*	redeem trie

every perfon or perfons who by the faid ad herein-before men- ]ancttaxon

tioned are enabled to fell any manors, meffuages, lands, tene- them, and on

ments, or hereditaments, for the purpofe of raifing money for copyhold

the redemption of land-tax, fubjedt to fuch regulations as by the fam<?

faid ads or any of them are direded and required, to fell and ufes an(i con„

difpofe of any freehold manors or other hereditaments, for the trarywife.

S e 4	purpofe

Hosted by

Google

Where the land tax

corporations is purchafed by them, the amount to be a rent charge qn the lands.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Geo&gii III. c. io-8. [1798,

purpofe of raifing money for the redemption or purchafe not only of the land tax charged on fuch freehold manors and other here-* ditaments, but alfo of the land tax charged on any copyhold or cuftornary meffuages or other hereditaments, provided fuch copy-hold or cuftomary mefluages or hereditaments be limited or lub-jeft to the fame ufes with the freehold eftates lb fold, fave and except as to fuch variations. as may be occafioned by the difference of the tenure *, and alfo to fell and difpofe of any copyhold or cuftomary inefTuages or other hereditaments for the purpqfe of redeeming the land tax charged thereon, and alfo on any freehold manors and other hereditaments, limited or fubjeft to the fame uefs, fave and except as aforefaid,

yir And be it further enafted, That where any land tax char cable on chargeable on any manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or herein! on leafe ditaments which are or (hall be holden by copy of court roll or belonging to other cuftomary tenure of any manor or manors belonging to any body politick or corporate, or company as aforefaid, by virtue of any leafe or leafes, fhall be redeemed or purchafed by any fuch body politick or corporate, or company, under the powers contained in any of the before-mentioned afts or this aft, the amount of the land tax fo redeemed or purchafed fhall be confidered as rent referved to fuch body politick or corporate, or company as aforefaid, out of fuch copyhold or cuftomary manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and be payable on the fame days as fuch land tax was payable before the redemption thereof; and the fame powers fhall be had, ufed, and enjoyed for the recovery thereof as for the recovery of rent in arrear.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That where part only of divers manors, mefluages,' lands, tenements, or hereditaments which may have been ufually demifed together by any fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, by one leafe, upon which an entire ancient and accuftomed rent or rents hath or have been referved or made payable, fhall be fold for any of the purpofes of this aft or of the before-mentioned afts, it fhall be feryed, fhall be lawful for the faid commifltoners appointed as aforefaid to apppr-fold, the com- tjon fuch ancient rent or rents, and to fettle and adjuft the propor-under^Geo ^on t^iereo^ which fhall from thenceforth be paid or payable in ' "* refpeft of fuch of the manors and other hereditaments comprized in the faid leafe, tvhich fhall not be fold for the purpofes aforefaid ; or to fettle out of what part or parts of the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments liable thereto, the whole of fuch rent or rents, if the nature of the refervation will whole fhall be not admit of apportionment, fhall be referved or paid in future ; p^id it the re- ancj jn ajj leafes which fhall thereafter be granted of fuch laft-no^admVof menti°ned manors and other hereditaments the fum or other article or thing which fhall have been fo fettled and apportioned fhall be the rent to be referved thereon; any law to the contrary fiotwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it enafted, That where the reverfion of any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments holden under any fuch body politick or corporate, or company

as

Where part of lands ufually demited in one leafe by any corporation, upon which an entire rent hath been re-

3. c. ai, ihall apportion it amongft the parts unfold, or out of -which the

apportion-

ment.

Where the

tgverfton of lands holden pnder any

Hosted by

Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 108.	425

as aforefaid, by virtue of any leafe,for one or more life or lives, corporation or for years abfolute or determinable on the dropping of one or more life or lives, or by copy of court roll or cuftomary tenure to any fettle-for life or Jives, fhall be purchafed under the powers of this adt ment, fhall be or of any of .the adts before mentioned, by or with the proper purchafed by monies of the perfon or perfons for the time being beneficially ^titled*to the entitled to the rents and profits thereof, and where fuch leafe or rents but not leafes (hall be fubjedt to any will or fettlement, fo that fuch to the abfo-perfon or perfons fhall not, at the time of purchafing the faid lute intereft: reverfion thereof, be entitled to the abfolute intereft under fuch leafe or leafes, then and in every fuch cafe the faid reverfion reverfion fhall be fettled under the diredtion of the faid commilTioners (hall be fettled appointed under the faid laft-mentioned adt, fo and in fuch man- by the com-ner as that the amount of the money paid for the purchafe mifiion^un-thereof, with lawful-intereft, may be a charge on fuch reverfion	fQ	that*

for the benefit of the perfon or perfons advancing the fame, his, the purchafe her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns; and that money and fubjedt thereto the fee fimple of fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or other other hereditaments {hall be fettled under hereon for the like direction, for the benefit of the perfon or perfons fo the benefit of purchafing the fame, and of fuch other perfons as would have fuch purcha-been entitled under fuch will or fettlement to the benefit of any fer> &c* renewed leafe or leafes for the time being, and fo as to be enjoyed by them for fuch refpedtive eftates and interefts as, con-fidering the alteration of the tenure, fhall appear to the faid commifiioners moft correfpondent with the intention of fuch will or fettlement; provided, that it fhall be lawful for the faid commifiioners to diredt an application to be made to the court of chancery, in a fummary way, for obtaining direction as to the mode of fettling any fuch reverfion where the cafe fhall appear to them to be attended with difficulty.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That it fhall be lawful for any Corporations, bodies politick or corporate, or companies as aforefaid, by and by authority^ under the direction and authority of the commifiioners appointed	imder*

under the faid laft-mentioned adt, to contract and agree with 39 Geo. 3. their refpedtive leflees and tenants holding under any demife by c. »i. may copy of court roll or otherwise, who fhall, under the powers agree with the contained in the faid adts before mentioned, or any of them, ^^ftsfor have redeemed or purchafed the land tax charged upon the afti<rnment8 manors or other hereditaments comprized in fuch demiles re- of land tax fpedtively, for an aftignment to fuch bodies politick or corporate, redeemed by or companies, of the land tax which fhall have been fo redeemed ^rdiafin ^ or purchafed by their refpedtive leflees or tenants, and for the jnay execute purpofe of raifing money to purchafe the affignment thereof, to the like carry into execution all and every or any of the powers which, powers as for under and by virtue of the faid adts or any of them, or this adt, to\^eem°thJ are or (hall be vefted in them, for raifing money by fale of any land tax in the manors or other hereditaments, for the purpofe of redeeming or firit inftancc, purchafing any land tax, in the firft inftance, and the monies raifed for purchafing fuch affignment, or fo much thereof as (hall be requifite for purchafing the fame, fhall and may, under the

order

#

Hosted by Google

426 Anno regn! tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 108. [1798

order of the faid commiflioners appointed under the great Teal, be paid to the perfon or perfons afligning the fame, whofe receipt or receipts in purfuance of fuch order (hall be a fufficient difcharge for fuch monies, and the remainder (if any) of fuch monies (hall be paid into the bank of England to the fame account, and be applied in the fame manner, and the cafhiers of the bank, or one of them, are or is hereby required to give fuch receipts for the fame, as if the whole purchafe monies for fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments had been paid into the bank of England.

X. And be it further enabled, That where any manors, mef-fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments {hall belong to or

Perfonal property inverted in the funds,

&c. to be laid ftand limited to the ufe or for the benefit of any bodies politick ^ or corporate, or companies, and any perfonal property which now is or (hall hereafter be inverted in the publick flocks or funds, or placed out on any mortgage or other fecurity, either in the names of fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or in the name or names of any truftee or truftees, or of the officer or officers of any court, (hall be fubjed to any truft.

out in the purchafe of lands for the benefit of any corporation may be applied, with the con-fent of the

commiffioners to be laid out in the purchafe of other manors, mefluages, lands.

under the great feal, in the redemption of land tax, charged on eftates belonging to fuch corporation, and if in fufficient to redeem the whole, may raife money for that pur-

For money inverted in the three per

tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed or limited to the ufe or for the benefit of fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or for fuch trustees or officers refpedively, with the confent and approbation of the faid com mi ffi oners appointed under his Majefty’s great feal, (fuch confent and approbation to be certified under the hands of any two or more of them,) to apply fuch perfonal property in or towards the redemption of the land tax charged upon the faid manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belonging to fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, and when any fuch perfonal property (hall be under the diredion or control of any court, the fame {hall be fo applied under the order of fuch court, fuch order to be made upon the produdion of fuch certificate of the faid commiffioners as aforefaid ; and fuch land tax, when all the inftalments {hall be completed, {hall fink and become merged in the fame manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the benefit of the bodies politick or corporate, or companies, refpedively entitled thereto; and in cafe fuch perfonal property (hall be inefficient for the redemption of the whole land tax charged upon fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, it {hall be lawful for fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, to ufe and exercife all and every the powers given to or veiled in therp in and by the faid ads herein-before mentioned, or any of them, or this adf, in order to raife money for the redemption of fa much of the land tax charged on fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as fuch perfonal property {hall be infufficient to redeem.

XI. And be it further enaded, That where any money arifing from the fale of any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, ar

here*

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii 1IL c. ro8.

hereditaments fhall not have been or (hall not be paid into the bank of England purfuant to the directions of the faid a&s, but (hall have been or (hall be laid out and invefled in the purchafe of three pounds per centum bank annuities, transferred or for the purpofe of being transferred to the cornmiflioners for the reduction of the national debt, as the confideration for the redemption or purchafe of any land tax chargeable on any manors, mef-fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belonging to any per-fon or perform, bodies politick or corporate, or companies, by whom fuch firft-mentioned manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments (hall have been or be hereafter fold, then and in fuch cafe the cornmiflioners for the reduClion of the national debt or any one or more of them (hall, and they are hereby autho-rifed and required to accept and receive the transfer of fuch three pounds per centum bank annuities, and to grant to any pur-chafer or purchafers of fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, his, her, or their agent or agents, a certificate under his or their hand or hands of the amount of

4*/

cents, tranf-ferred to the cornmiflioners for the reduction of the national debt as the purchafe of any land tax, the commif-fioners fhall grant to the. purchafers of the lands a certificate of the amount of the transfer, on production of which at the bank a receipt (hall be given.

three pounds per centum bank annuities which (hall have been or (hall be fo.transferred to them as aforefaid, and upon the production of fuch certificate to any of the cafhiers of the bank of England he or they (ball and is or are hereby required to give to any fuch purchafer or purchafers fuch receipt or receipts as by the faid a&s or any of them is or are required to be given, as well for any monies which (hall have been or fhall be fo in-vefted as aforefaid, as for any other monies which may have been or may be paid by him, her, or them, into the bank of England in the manner required by the faid a&s or any of them.

XII.	And be it further enaCled, That the cafhiers of the Bank to give bank of England (hall and they are hereby required from time to receiJPts for time to receive all monies tendered at the bank which fhall have ^ornfale^ ^ arifen or (hall arife from any fale, mortgage, or grant which hath made for the been or (hall be made for the redemption or purchafe of land tax, redemption of which money (hall, at the requeft of the bodies politick or cor- ^ce^tc/the* porate, or companies, perfon or perfons on whofe account the account^of the fame (hall be paid in, be placed to the account of the commif- cornmiflioners fioners for the reduction of the national debt, and forthwith in- for reduction veiled in the purchafe of three pounds per centum bank annuities

in the names of the cornmiflioners for the reduction of the no ContraC? national debt, although no contract for redemption or purchafe for fuch re -of land tax, or deed of fale, mortgage, or grant, (hall have been demption fhall

'	9	O Cy J	9	1	1	.	*

completed at the time of paying fuch monies into their hands ; ^completed,

and the faid ca(hiers afterwards, upon the production of any fuch

contraft or contracts, and deed or deeds, from time to time (hall

and they are hereby required to acknowledge the transfer of the

flock fo purchafed, or any part thereof.

XIII.	And be it further enaCted, That where any manors. The money mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fhall have been or f”

fjaall be fold for the purpofe of reimburfing any fums of money reimburfing^ before laid out in the redemption or^purchafe of any land tax, any fums be-or Qf paying off any fun^s ^orrovyec} for that purpofe, or for the fore laid out

purpofe intheredemp*

Hosted by Google

428 Annoregni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 108. [1798.

tion of land tax or pur-chafe of alignment of any contract fhall, under the order of the com miffi oners authorifingthe fate, be paid to the perfons entitled to the benefit thereof.

purpofe of purchafmg the aflignment of any contract or contracts for land tax, the fum or fums to arife from fuch fale or Tales, or fo much thereof as fhall be requifite for reimburfing or paying off any fuch fums of money fo before laid out or borrowed, or for purchafmg the alignment of any fuch contrad or contracts, fhall not be paid into the bank of England\ but fhall, under the order of the refpedive commiffioners who (hall have authorifed fuch fale, be paid to the perfon or perfons entitled to the benefit thereof, whofe receipt or receipts, in purfuance of fuch order, fhall as fully and effectually difeharge the purchafer or purchafers of fuch manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as the receipt of the cafhier of the bank of Eng-land would have done in cafe the fame had been paid into the bank purfuant to the directions of the former ads, and the remainder (if any) of fuch fum or fums fo arifing from fuch fale or fales fhall, In purfuance of fuch order, be paid into the bank of England to the fame account, and be applied in the fame manner, and the cafhiers of the bank, or one of them, are or is

hereby required to give a receipt for the fame, and to caufe the fame to be inverted in the purchafe of three pounds per centum bank annuities, as if the whole purchafe money for fuch manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments had been paid into the bank of England in purfuance of the faid ads.

Where money XiV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in all has been im- cafes where any money hath been paid into the bank of England m^the^bank to P^acec^ to ^ie account °f the commiffioners for the reduc-to be placed to tlon °f national debt, as the whole or part of the purchafe the account of money for any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or here-the commif- ditaments fold or contraded for to be fold by any bodies politick mTudtionVf16 or corPorate> or companies, either with or without the diredion the national ar)d approbation of the faid commiffioners appointed under the debt, thecora- great feal, or by any perfon or perfons other than bodies politick, miffioners corporate, or companies, as the cafe may be, and it fhall appear or to fatisfadion of the faid commiffioners appointed under the the commif-	great feal,	or	of	the commiffioners	for the affairs of taxes re-

fioners of taxes fpedively,	as	the	cafe may be, that	fuch money ought not to

relpedlively,	have been	fo	paid, then and in all	fuch cafes it fhall be lawful

bank^tefre	t0 anc^ ^or	commiffioners appointed under the great feal,

it. re?ay by writing under their hands, or the hands of any two of them, and to and for the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes re-

fpedively, to order and dired the governor and company of the bank of E?igland, and fuch governor and company are hereby required to repay all fuch monies to the perfon and perfons who fhall appear to have paid the fame into the bank*, and in all cafes where fuch money fhall have been already inverted in the purchafe of three pounds per centum bank annuities in the names of the com-s rniffioners for the redudion of the national debt, upon a certificate figned by any two or more of the faid commiffioners appointed under the great feal, or by the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, as the cafe may be, that fuch money ought not to have been fo inverted, it fhall be lawful to and for the faid-

Hosted by Google

1798*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 108.	429

commiflioners for the reduction of the national debt, or any one or more of them, and they are hereby required to transfer the frock which has been fo bought by or transferred to them to the perfon or perfons who (hall have paid fuch money into bank, and with which money fuch frock had been fo purchafed, and the receipt and receipts of fuch perfon and perfons fhall be fufHcient difcharges for fuch monies or frock.

XV.	And be it further ena£ted, That where any manors, Where the

meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belonging to any money arifing .	... ,	5	7	•	n 11 1 ?ij „	•/	from the tale

bodies politick or corporate, or companies, ihall be (old to raife Qc ]an(jg be.

money for the redemption of land tax, and it {hall afterwards longing to any

appear that the money arifing from fuch fale or fales fhall not be corporation

fufficient to redeem the whole of the land tax charged on the

manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belong- rec{eern t^c

ing to fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, but that whole of

fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, are willing and the land tax,

delirous to pay into the bank fuch further fum or fums as may the hank^

be neceffary to make up the whole of the money requifite to re- mone^ offered

deem fuch land tax, then it (hall be lawful for the cafhier or to make up

Cafhiers of the bank of England, and they are hereby required the deficiency.

to give a receipt or receipts for all fuch fum or fums as may be

offered to be paid to them to make up fuch deficiencies, and to

apply fuch monies for the purpofe or purpofes of completing fuch

redemption.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That where any trufrs, Where part oT mortgages, liens, or incumbrances (hall equally affedl or be a j.ands are fold charge upon divers manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or tfle ian(j tax* Other hereditaments, part whereof fhall be propofed to be fold on the whole, for the purpofe of redeeming the land tax chargeable on the equally affect-manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo equally

fubject and liable to fuch trufrs, mortgages, liens, or incum- chancery, and brances, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the court of of feffion re-chancery in England and the court of feffion in Scotland\ if fuch fpe&ively, courts refpedlively fhall be fatisfied that fuch of the faid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as fhall not be ^conveyed, propofed to be fold for the purpofes aforefaid, fhall be a fufficient freed from iecurity for the objedl of fuch trufrs, or for the payment of fuch tech trufts; mortgages, liens, or other incumbrances, to order and direct that ^ ^£h°do fuch of the faid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or here* not equally ° ditaments, as fhall be fold for the purpofes aforefaid, fhall be afFe<5t the conveyed to the purchafer or purchafers thereof, freed and dif- whole of the charged from fuch trufrs, mortgages, charges, liens, and other iands* incumbrances as aforefaid, and tech purchafer or purchafers fhall, after the inrolment or regiftery of the conveyance or conveyances made under fuch order or direction as aforefaid, hold and enjoy the faid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments purchafed by him, her, or them, freed and abfolutely dif- • charged therefrom.

XVII.	Provided always. That nothing in this a61 or in any Application of fuch order or dire&ion as aforefaid contained fhall extend or be from fales1* ng

con- under the di-

43d Annoregnitricefimo n6no GeoRgii III. c. 108. [1798.

region of the conftrued to extend to difcharge the manors, meffuages, lands, courti.	tenements,	or	hereditaments,	which	(hall be fo fold for the pur-

pofes aforefaid, from any trufts, mortgages, liens, or incumbrances which lhall not equally affedl or be a charge upon the whole of the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, the land tax of which (hall be redeemed by the monies arifing from the fale of apart thereof; but all fueh laft*mentioned trufts, mortgages, liens, and other incumbrances (hall remain and continue chargeable upon the manors and other hereditaments, which fhall be fold in the fame manner as if this acft had not been palled, and the monies to arife from fuch Tales (hall, under the direction of the faid courts refpe&ively, be applied in the fame manner in or towards the redemption of land tax, as by the faid acfts herein-before mentioned and this a£l is dire&ed 5 and if there (hall be any furplus the fame (hall, under the like direction, be applied in or towards the difcharge of fuch firft-mentioned mortgages, liens, or incumbrances, or othersife be laid out and inverted in the purchafe of other manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which (hall be limited for and upon the like ufes,. trufts, intents, and purpofes, and fubjeCt to the fame incumbrances as the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which (hall be fo fold ftood limited.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That all bodies corporate ' and politick, companies, and perfons in the faid recited acfts mentioned, who by the faid adls or any of them are empowered to contradl for the redemption of the land tax charged on any

Corporations, &c. empower, ed by recited atts to contract for redemption of land tax in preference to others, to have the like preference until Dec 1799-

manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments of which

they (hall be in poffeffion, or to the rents or profits of which they (hall be beneficially entitled, or in which they (hall have any eftate or intereft in remainder, reverfion, or expectancy, or being fubftitute heirs of entail (hall be entitled in their order to fucceed thereto, in preference to any other bodies, corporations, or companies, or other perfons whatfoever not having an eftate intereft therein, and the refpedtive committees, curators,

or

tutors, guardians, or truftees of fuch perfons on their behalf, fhall have and be entitled to fuch and the like benefit of preference in the redemption of fuch land tax over fuch bodies, corporations, companies, or perfons, from and after the faid twenty-fifth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, until and upon the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

XIX.	And be it further enaCled, That where any bodies politick or corporate, or companies as aforefaid, fhall have entered or lhall hereafter enter into any treaty for the fale of any of their manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purpofes of this a<fl and of the faid a£ts before mentioned, or (hall have made or fhall hereafter make any application to the faid commifljoners appointed by his Majefty under the great feal, a^erhficate^ ^°r t^ie^r ^*an^on anc^ approbation of any fale for the purpofes thatdiligence afore^a^, and fhall obtain a certificate under the hands of any is ufed by two of the fame commiffioners, that in their opinion fuch bodies

politick

Where corporations have treated for fale of lands, or on application to the commif-lioners under the great feal

Hosted by Google

1798.^1 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 109.	43*

politick or corporate, or companies, are proceeding or intend to them for proceed bona fide and with reafonable diligence to carry into ex-	C

ecution any fuch fale for the purpofes aforefaid, (which certifi- may coutra& cate (hall fpecify for what period of time the fame (half run and for the reoperate), it (hall be lawful for fuch bodies politick and corpo- demption of rate, or companies, during the continuance of fuch period, (not-	a

withftanding any thing in any of the faid a£ts contained to the lj99t jn pre-J contrary), to contradl and agree for the redemption of the land ference to tax charged on their manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or others, not-hereditaments, at any time after the faid twenty-fifth day,of June, in preference to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or gjven notioc corporate, or companies, having or holding fuch manors, mef- of intention fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments under any demife to redeem it. made by copy of court roll or other wife, by fuch firft- mentioned bodies politick or corporate, or companies, for lives, or any term or terms for years determinable on lives, or for years abfolute, notwithftanding the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or companies, having or holding fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments under any fuch demife {hall have given notice of their intention to redeem fuch land tax: Corporations provided always, That fuch bodies politick and corporate, or companies, hereby enabled to contract, with fuch preference as to produce aforefaid, fhall produce fuch certificate as aforefaid to the com- fuch certifi-mifiioners appointed under the King’s fign manual for the cate to. the county where the manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or here- g^undef11" ditaments, the land tax whereof fhall be propofed to be redeem- the King’s ed fhall be fituate.	'	fign manual.

XX.	And be it further enadled, That all and every the pro- This a& and vifions of this adf, (hall in the execurion of the above-mentioned recited a&s to acts, be ufed and applied and conftrued in like manner as if the he conftrued fame provifions were fpecially enadted in the faid acfs; and all	as

and every the provifions of the faid acts, in the execution of this adf, except where the fame are hereby exprefsly varied, (hall be ufed and applied, extended and conftrued, in like manner as if the fame provifions (except as aforefaid) were fpecially enadted in this adt.

CAP. CIX.

An aft for better recruiting the forces of the Eaft India company.—

[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England Preamble.

trading to the Eaft Indies are by law entitled to maintain and keep up, and at their own cojls and charges do maintain and keep up> a military force in their fettlements abroad., for the defence and protection ’ of the territorial acquifetions and revenues of which they are in poffeffton, and for the defence and protection of their trade; and by an a Cl of parliament made in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intiuled, An adt for eftablflhing an agree- 2 Geo. 3. ment with the united company of merchants of England trading c»

to

Hosted by

Google

43 2

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 109. [1798.

to the Eafi Indies, for the payment of the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, for the ufe of the publick, in full difcharge and fatisfa&ion of all claims and demands of the publick, from the time the bond debt Of the faid company was reduced to one million five hundred thoufand pounds, until the firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, in refpedf of the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eafi Indies; and alfo for fecuring to the publick in refpedt thereof, for a term therein mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear revenues and profits of the faid company; and for granting to the faid company, for a further term, the foie and exclu-five trade to and from the Eafi Indies, and limits therein men~ tioned ; and for eftablifhing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the faid company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the militiary forces of the faid company; certain regulations are eft ablijhed for the faid company's raifing recruits in Great Britain, but no provifim is made, by virtue of which fuch recruits can be trained, arrayed, exercifed, or difci^ plined, during their abode in this kingdom, or whereby they can be fubjefled to military law previous to their embarkation fory and during their pafidgey to the place where the faid united company are entitled to maintain and keep fuch militia force: and whereas it is expedient that his A4ajefly's officers jhould be authorifed in certain cafes to enlif recruits for fervice, either in his Majefy's troops or in the forces of the faid united company, as his Majejly /ball think fit to diredl; and that all recruits fo raifed and transferred over to, or enlified by officers in the fervice of the faid united company, Jhould be trained, arrayed, exercifed, and difciplined in the ufe of arms, previous to their departure for places abroad; and that they Jhould be fubjefied to military law during their abode in this kingdom, and during their pajfage toy and before their arrival at fuch places: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enacded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it {ball and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to order and caufe fuch of his officers as he fhall fee fit, to levy, enlift, and raife fuch number of men as from time to time his Majefty (hall think fit, for the fpecial purpofe 8^n "°f Irving *n the Eafi Indies, either in his Majefty’s troops, or in

His Majefty may order 'Officers to levy men to ferve in the

his Majefty’s troops or the company’s forces, who fhall take the following

the forces of the faid united company; and that the recruits to be raifed for fuch fpecial purpofe, inftead of taking the oath of fidelity appointed to be taken by the rules and articles for the better government of all his Majefty’s forces, fhall take the fol-» lowing oath; (that is to fay),

©ath;	c	T	A.	B. being enlifted to ferve either in his Majefty’s troops

X or in the forces of the Eafi India company, according as his Majefty fhall think fit, do fwear, That I will bear true allegiance to our fovereign lord King George^ and that I will, as in iny duty bound, defend him in his perfon, crown, and dignity,

againft

433

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 109.

againft all his enemies; and that fo long as I fhall remain in his Majefty’s fervice, I will duly obferve and obey his Majefty’s orders, and the orders of the generals and officers fet over me by his Majefty ; and that if his Majefiy (hall pleafe to appoint me to ferve in the forces of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, then I (wear that I will alfo be true to the faid united company, and will duly obferve and obey all their orders, and the orders of their generals and officers, who fhall be lawfully fet over me.

of the court of directors may csufe recruits to be

IT. And be it further enacted, That on fuch recruits being which carried before a juftice 6f the peace, in purfuance of an a<5T, juffices^are palTed in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An all for j^fteadof the punijhing mutiny and defertioh, and for the better payment of the oath pre-army and their quarters, or in purfuance of any a61 hereafter to be feribed by the palled for the fame purpofes, fuch juftice fhall tender and admi- articles ot nifter fuch oath as is herein-before mentioned, inftead of the war’ oath preferibed by the faid articles, of war; and the fame (if taken by fuch recruits) (hall be fo ex prefled in the certificate to be given by fuch juftice, in the form required by the faid a<51.

III.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall and may be law- His Majefty

ful to and for his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, upon the pe- ori petition tition of the court of directors of the faid united company, to caufe fo many recruits or foldiers, who (hall have been raifed by his Majefty’s officers for the fpecial purpofe herein-before mentioned, as the faid court of directors fhall petition for, and as transferred td his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors, (hall fee fit to grant, to be	^r^^n°y

transferred over to the fervice of the faid united company, which	*

transfer fhall be made by fuch recruits or foldiers being delivered

over by fuch officer in his Majefty’s fervice, who (hall have the command of them, at fuch place as his Majefty (hall think proper to appoint, to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid court of directors (hall appoint to receive them.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enadTed, That the faid united Company not company fhall not be obliged to receive into their fervice any °bliged to recruit or foldier who fhall be an invalid, or who fhall have any vaiids. bodily infirmity.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the faid united company Company to

{hall pay unto luch perfon or perfons, for the ufe of his Majefty,	in

as fhall be appointed for that purpofe in writing by the commif- agreed upon fioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them,- for fuch re-or by the lord high vreafurer for the time being* fuch fum and emits, and

fums of money as from time to time fhall be agreed upon tween one of his Majefty*$ principal fecretaries of Irate on behalf of his Majefty, and the faid court of dire&ors, to re-imburfe the expence of railing fuch recruits and foldiers as fhall be tranf-ferred into the fervice of the faid United company in manner herein-before mentioned; and that, over and above fuch fum, the faid united company (hall in like manner pay to fuch perfon or perfons as aforelaid, the cofts of the fubfiftence of each recruit, from the time of his enlifttiient to the time of his being Vol. XLII.	F	f	delivered

their fubiilienee from enliftment;

434 Anno reghi tricefimo noho Georgii Itl. c. 169. [1798.

delivered over to the faid united company, as herein-before mentioned.

Company VI. And be it further enacted. That the faid united company men cnlifted	and	may depofit, keep, maintain, pay, train, and exercife

under recited in the ufe of arms, fuch men as they may from time to time a£t, and enlift and engage in their fervice, under and by virtue of the au-

u^de^ Tds^ in t^or'ty t^Ye tai<^ a<^ °f twenty-firft year of his Majefty’s Great BritaiiT re#,gn> anc^ ^uch men as &all be transferred over to their fervice Guernfey, or in manner herein-mentioned, in any of his Majefty’s garrifons, Jerfey, and or at fuch other place or places within Great Britaint or the fWftr^be ^an<k Guernfey or Jerfey, as fhall be approved of by his Ma-i'bitAbroad. je^y 5 and that the faid united company, or their court of di-redtors, may from the men fo enlifted or transferred as aforefaid, make drafts of non-commiftioned officers and foldiers, to be from time to time fent abroad in the faid united company’s fer-vice, as they fhall think proper and neceffary.

Court of di- VII. And be it further ena&ed, That for the purpofe of raif-the^approba- receiving, keeping, training, and exercifing the men fo en-tion oj his lifted by licence from his Majefty as aforefaid, it (hall and may Majefty; may be lawful for the court of dire&ors of the faid united company, appoint. with the approbation of his Majefly, fignified under the hand writ-h* commif *n§ one	Majefty’s principal fecretaries of (fate, to ap-

firms from his point, from and amongft fuch officers in the fervice of the faid Majefty and united company, as may be in England, on furlough or by leave the company, 0f abfence, from their duty in India, or who have retired from in^the'men"	the hnd company, and fhall hold and have com-

out of whom million from his Majefty as well as from the faid united com-they may pany, one commanding officer, and fuch other commiftioned appoint officers, of fuch ranks and with fuch commiftions as fhall be ferjcancs, &c* neccft~ary for the training, exercifing, and difciplining fuch men fo enlifted or transferred as dforefaid, until they fhall be fent abroad ; and that it fhall alfo be lawful for the faid court of di-re<flors to appoint, from the number of men fo enlifted or transferred as aforefaid, fuch number of ferjeants, corporals, drummers, and filers, as fhall be neceftary for the fame purpofe. Company not VIIJ Provided always, and be it enabled, That it fhall not to enlift above be lawful for the faid united company to	enlift or have in pay at

nu^ibe^of	any oae t*rne’ or to tram or difcipline at	any one time, by virtue

men nor °f fhis any toreacer number of non-commiftioned officers and appoint more private men than two thoufand, nor fhall it be lawful for the than the court of dire&ors of the laid Company to appoint any greater aumbcr of number of commiftioned officers than the number of men to be comm'rf&oncd ^° ra‘^ a^d difciplined fhall require; nor fhall the officer fo ap-officers. pointed to command, or any other commiftioned officer to be Officers not to appoin ted as aforefaid, be continued in the faid appointment, or have any have any power or authority to command, train, or difcipline power longer tbe faid men fo enlifted, longer than he fhall continue to hold coma comm'®on from his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflcrs ; and his from his	or their laid appointment, powers, authorities, and commands,

Majefty.	fhall ceafe and determine, and become	utterly void, from and

immediately after the faid commiffion fhall be revoked, determined

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimondno GeoUgii III. c. ldg.	435

mined, or otherwife made void by his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-

ceffors: provided alfo, That, from and after the palling of this Nomorethari

a 61, and until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou fan d eight nu^berof

hundred, no greater number than three thoufand of men en- men enlilted,

lifted for the fpecial purpofe aforefaid, and not transferred by his and nottranf-

Majefty to the fervice of the faid company, (hall, at any one time, [erred, (hall

be maintained by his Majefty within this realm ; and that, from

and after the faid day, no greater number of fuch men fhall be realm,

fo maintained than fhall be fpecially included within the pro-

vifions of fuch a6l or a6fs of parliament as may, from time to

time, be made and be in force for the punifhment of mutiny and

defertion, or for the difcipline and government of his Adajefty’s

forces in Great Britain.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted* That it fhall and Company, may be lawful for the faid company, with his Majefty’s appro-

bation fo fignified as aforefaid* to appoint fuch quarter matters, ^Majefty, paymatters, and other perfons, as may be neceftary for difciplin- may appoint ing and training, attending, and otherwife taking care of, the quarter faid men fo enlifted and transferred, over and above the number mafters> of commiffioned officers herein-before mentioned, whether the faid perfon fhall be in their fervice or not.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadfed, That it fhall not Rates of pay-be lawful for the faid united Company to pay of allow any greater tb allowed pay, or other fums, to the commifTioned and non-committioned mjf^onecj and ttafF officers to be appointed to raife,-receive, train, exercife, non-commif-and difcipline, the faid men, than after the fates following; (that fioned, and is to fay), Not more than ten (billings per day to each captain, ftafF officers, not more than five (hillings per day to each fubaltern officer*

over and above the pay, according to their rank, which they

(hall be entitled to during their being in this country on furlough

or leave of abfence, or retired from their fervice ; nor more than

five (hillings per day to each quarter matter, one hundred and

twenty pounds per annum to each paymafter, two (hillings per

day to each ferjeant, one (hilling and fixpence per day to each

corporal, five (hillings per day to each furgeon, and one hundred

pounds per annum to one chaplain; fuch laft mentioned fums to

be the full allowance to which in any cafe fuch officers (hall be

entitled (fave and except the regimental pay which fuch officers	*■

may be entitled to, according to their refpeeftive ranks, and fave

and except fuch barrack allowances as are ufual to be 'given to

officers in his Majefty’s fervice when quartered in barracks).

XI.	And be it further enadled. That the faid pay fo to be Pay to he in

made to the faid officers refpedtively as aforefaid, (hall be irt full	%

fatisfadlion of all emoluments whatfoever; and that the clonth- andclc*athin \ ing for the faid men, and all other things whatfoever,' necettary &c. to be^* to be provided for them, or for the place In which they (hall be provided ag depofited and kept, (hall be provided by the faid united company* dire&org upon the beft terms, and in fuch manner as (hall appear to the

court of dire&ors erf the faid company to be beft iuited to that purpofe*

tfi	Xll. Ana

43 6

Officers and men to be fri 'ject to the commandants of garriions or barracks, and to partake in the duties.

Orders of the company to be given through fuch com inand-ants.

Deferters may be apprehended and confined as from his M.-jetty's fervice.

Perfons apprehending deferters to be entitled to fun!i reward only as the company may give.

Ahnoregni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 109. [1798;

XII.	And be it further enabled. That in cafe the faid men fo to be enlifted into, or transferred over to the fervice of the faid united company, (hall be depofited and kept at any of his Majefty’s garrifons or barracks, all fuch recruits and foldiers, and the commilfioned and non-commiffioned officers having the command of, or being employed in the training, exercifing, and arraying fuch recruits or foldiers, (hall at all times be fubjecl to the command and orders of the commandant of fuch garrifon or barracks, or in his abfence to the: fenior officer in his Majefty’s fervice, or the officer for the time being commanding in fuch garrifon or barracks; and that the commiffioned and non-commiffioned officers, to be appointed by the faid united company to the command of, or for the training, exercifins;, or arraying fuch recruits as aforefaid, fhall at all times partake in and perform the duties of any of his Majefty’s garrifons or barracks in which they may be ftationed.

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That all orders which fhall be given by the faid united company, or their court of directors, to their officers fo llationed at any of his Majefty’s garrifons or barracks, (hall be given and pafted through the commandant or fenior officer commanding at fuch garrifons or barracks.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That if any perform who fhall be enlifted and engaged by the faid united company, under the authority of the faid abt of the twenty-firff year of his Ma-jefty’s reign, or who fhall be transferred over to the fervice of the faid united company as herein-mentioned, fhall afterwards defert or be found wandering, or otherwife illegally ablenting himfelf from the fervice of the faid united company, it fhall and may be lawful for any conllablc, headborough, or tythingman of the town or place where any fuch perfon who may be reafon-ably fufpebled to be a deferter fhall be found, to apprehend or caufe him to be apprehended in the fame manner as if he were a deferter from his Majefly’s fervice; and every conflable, head-borough, tythingman, jullice of the peace, or magiflrate, lhall have the fame power and authority, and proceed in the fame manner as he or they would have had, or as he or they would have proceeded in, if the perfon had been a deferter from his Majefly’s fervice 5 and every keeper of any gaol, houfe of cor-rebiion, or prifon, to which fuch perfon fhall be committed, fhall be entitled to receive the full fubfiftence of fuch deferter, during the time he fhall remain in their cuftody, for the maintenance of fuch defermr, and (hall receive and confine him or them in the fame manner as if he or they had been a deferter from his Majefly’s fervice.

XV.	Provided always, That nothing in this abl contained fhall extend, or be conftrucd to extend, 10 authorife any juftice to pay cr caule to be paid any reward to any perfon or perfons, who fhall apprehend or caufe to be apprehended any perfon or perfons who (hall defert from the fervice of the Eaft India company, nor fhall the perfon or perfons apprehending the fame be

entitled

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. 109.	437

entitled to any other reward than the Eofl India company may voluntarily give for fuch apprehenfion.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That all fuch officers and Officers and

foldiers as fhall be raifed and enlifted by virtue of this ad (hall,

at all times and until their embarkation, be fubjed to all the to he fubjrff

provifions and regulations of the faid aft, made in the prefect to t-he mutiny

ieffion of parliament, intituled. An aci for punifhing mutiny and laws, amt

defertion, and fo'r the better payment of the army and their quarters, f/terwau??

1	•	J	c \ r J	-n	•	•	,	the provnions

during the continuance of the lame ad: m Great Britain, and Qf Geo<

after the expiration thereof to fuch other ad or ads of parlia- c. 9. ment, provifions, and regulations, as .'hall from time to time be made and be in force for the difcipline and government of his Majefty’s forces in Great Britain; and that, from and after their embarkation to go abioad to fuch places whereto they (hall be fent in the fervice of the (aid united company, all fuch officers and foldiers fhall be, and hereby are adjudged to be in the adual fet vice of the Eaft India company within the meaning of an ad, palled in the twenty-fe'venth year of the reign of his late ma-jefty King George the Second, intituled. An all for punijbing mutiny and defertion of officers and foldiers in the fervice of the united company of merchants of England trading to the had: Indies, and for the punijhment of offences committed in the Eafl Indies, or at the if and of Saint Helena ; and (hall, during their pafiage, and during their continuance abroad in the fervice of the faid united company, be fubjed to all the provifions and regulations of the faid ad, and to all fuch provifions and regulations as officers and foldiers in the pay of the faid united company fhail from time to time be fubjed to at the fettlement or place to which fuch officers and foldiers fhall be lent.

XVII.	Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained Ad not to fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to enable any officer,

civil or military, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, to roe^ Upon c place, quarter, or billet, any (o’dier or foldiers enlifted by or any perfon transferred to the faid united company, upon any fubjed or in- without his habitant of this realm, of any degree, quality, or profeflion confent? whatsoever, without his confent, or to demand from, or take from any perfon or perfons, except by their own confent, any fuch provifions or allowances as are provided and allowed to foldiers and officers in his Majefry’s fervice, by thofe upon whom they are quartered or billetted, or to compel or call upon any perfon or perfons to provide carriages for them, their arms, cloaths, and accoutrements, when upon march, othenvile than by their own free will and confent.

XVIII.	And whereas for more effectually fupprcffng mutiny and defertion, arid for the punijhment of ether offences committed by officers and foldiers in the fervice of the faid united company, during the time of their being trained and difeiplined by virtue of this aft*, or by any of the officers or non-commifjioncd officers employed on that fervice, it may be' neccjfary that his Maieffy Jhculd he enabled to convene courts martial, or to author!fe the feme to be convened, con-fif ing either in the whole or in part of officers in the fervice of the

He Dy Google

438	1

His Majefly may grant commiilions for holding general courts martial.

Regimental courts martial may be convened.

Offences com mitted after embarkation, may be tried on arrival at place of detonation.

Court of directors to tran I mi t a report of the puruber of men levied, See. to the fee ret ary of Hate and the commander jn chief*

Anno regni trlcefipno nono Georgii III. c. 109. [1798.

Eaft India company who hold commiffions from his Majefly: be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefly from time to time to grant a commiflion for the holding of general courts martial for the trial of offences committed by officers or foldiers in the fervice of the faid united company, during the time of their being fo employed, and trained and exercifed under the authority of this aft, which courts martial may either confift of officers appointed to train and difeipline the faid men, or of fuch other officers in the fervice of the Eajl India company, holding com millions frt>m his Majefly, as may be in Great Britain upon furlough, or by leave of abfence, or of officers in his Majefty’s fervice in Great Britain, or of Rich numbers and proportions of each, as to his Majefly (hall feem meet; and fuefl courts martial fhall in all other refpefts be convened, and have the fame powers and authorities, and their fentences fhall be carried into execution, as if they were courts martial refpefting his Majefty’s forces.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That regimental courts martial, or courts martial to be compofed of officers of different corps, with the fame powers as regimental courts martial, may be convened for enquiring into fuch difputes or criminal matters** as may come before them, touching any of the non-commif-fioned officers or foldiers in the fervice of the faid united company during the time of their being fo employed and trained and .exercifed as aforefaid, and for awarding corporal or other punifli-ments for fmall offences; and Rich courts martial fhall be con-flituted and proceeded, and their fentences (hall be carried into execution in like manner as if they were courts martial refpefting his Majefty-s forces.

XX.	And for a [much as it may happen that offences may he com-mitted by the faid officers and men after their embarkation, and before their arrival at their places of dejlination abroad, which neverthelefs cannot be tried and pnnijhed during their paffage, in fuch manner as fuch offences ought to be tried andpunijhed; be it therefore enafted,

‘ That in every fuch cafe, every Rich officer or foldier fhall and

may, after his arrival at his place of deftination abroad, be tried and punifhed for every offence committed after his embarkation, and before his arrival, in the fame manner as he would have been liable to be tried and punifhed if fuch offence had been committed in anv place where the offender could have been tried by any court martial held under the authority of the faid aft, palled in the twenty-feventh year of his late Majefty’s reign.

XXL And be it further enafted. That the court of direftor$ of the faid united company fhall, and they are hereby required and directed, twice in every year, to make out a report of the number of men levied and fublifled by virtue of this aft, and of all the orders iffued, and every other matter or thing done or di-refted to be done by them in the execution of this aft, and to tranfmit one copy of the fame to one of his Majefty’s principal fe-cretaries of flare, and another to the commander in chief of hi$ Majefty’s forces.

XXII. And

Hosted by Google

I79?J Anno regni triccfimo nono Georgii III, c. no. 439

XXII.	And be it further enabled. That this a61 (hall be deemed Pablick a6h to be a publick a#, and fhall be taken notice of as fuchf by alL judges ^nd juftices ^homfoeyer, yvithout fpeci^lly pleading the fame.

CAP. CX.

An $51 for the augmentation of the falarfs of the judges of the courts in Weft min ft er Hall ^andalfo of thq lords offeffion, lords comm'ffioners of jufticiary, and barons of exchequer, in Scotland ; and for enr abltng his Majefy to grant annuities to perfons in certain offices in the faid courts of Vkf minfter Hall, on their refgnaiion of their refpettive offices.—[July 12, 1799*]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the falariesof the mafler of the rolls, the chief baron Preamble# of the court of exchequer, the puifne judges in the court of king3s bench, the puifne judges in the court of common pleas, and the barons of the coif in the court of exchequer, at Weftminfter, are inadequate to the dignity and importance of their offices; and it is therefore expedient that a further augmentation foould be made thereto, and that your Majefy Jhould be enabled to make proper provifon, from time to time, forfuch 'perfons as fhall have diligently and uprightly conduced themfehes in the execution of the office of chief juf ice of the king9 s bench, mafler of the rolls, chiefju flic e of the common picas, chief baron ofdhe exchequer, the juf ices of the courts of king’s bench and common pleas, and barons of the coif in your Majefy’s court of exchequer, and for that purpofe to grant annuities to the refpofl.ive amounts, and for the periods here-in-after mentioned, to fuch officers refpactively; and alfo to make a coinpet ent and fitting provifon for fuch perfons as may hold the office of chancellor or keeper of the great feal of Great Britain, in the event of their quitting or being removed from the faid employment; we, your Majafty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aftembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena£led ; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, An augmen-from and after the palling of this a6t, there (hall be iftued, paid, tation to be and payable, out of, and charged and chargeable upon,	ofAhe

confolidated fund, (after paying and referving fuflicient to pay all majter of the fuch fum and fums of money as have been directed by any for- rolls &c. to mer a61 or aCts of parliament to be paid out of the fame; but be paid out of with preference to all other payments which fhall or may here-after be charged upon, or payable out of, the faid fund), to the commencing feveral perfons herein-after mentioned, as an augmentation of 10, 1799-their refpedfive friaries, fo much money as will make up their refpe6iive (alaries and pecuniary profits belonging to their faid jfefpeftive offices, to the annual fums herein-after mentioned ; to the mafter of the rolls four.thoufitnd pounds, to the chief baron ' •	'	-	V	f	4	’	of

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii 111. c. no. [1798.

of the court of exchequer four thoufand pounds, and to each of the puifne juftices in the courts of king’s bench and common pleas, and to each of the barons of the coif in the court of exchequer, three thoufand pounds; which faid fums of money to be iffued in purfuance of this a6t (hall from time to time from thenceforth be payable and paid half yearly, free and clear from all taxes and deductions whatever, on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in each year, by even and equal portions, the firft: payment thereupon to be made on the tenth day of Oftobir one thoufand feven hundred and ninetv-nine.

An account jj And be jt further enadted, That fuch officer of the matter and pecuniary	r0^s	anc^ chief baron, and each of the puifne juftices and

profits of the barons of the coif refpedfively for the time being, as they (hall matter of the refpedlively appoint, (ball, as foon as conveniently may be after t^ie exPiratl°n of the half year ending on the twenty-ninth day to theatre a	SePtember onz \ho ufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, de-

fury at certain ^ver to the lord high treafurer or commiflioners of the treafury periods. for the time being, an account, figned by fiich matter of the rolls, chief baron, puifne juftice, and baron refpedfively, of their clear falaries, after the deduction of all fees and taxes paid in refpedl thereof; and alfo of all fees and pecuniary profits which (hall have been received, or were payable to them in refpedt of the execution of their faid offices, either in their refpe&ive courts in IVcjhninJier Hall, or at the rolls, or at their refpedtive chambers, in refpect of any bufinefs depending in the faid courts of king’s bench, common pleas, or exchequer, between the twenty-fifth day of March and the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; and a like account (hall be delivered in like manner in every fucceeding half year ending on the twenty-fifth day of March and the twenty-ninth day of Sep-. tember, of the falaries, fees, and pecuniary profits, winch fhall have been received, or were payable to them in refpedt of their offices for the preceding half year aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enadted, That in whatever fums the whole amount which fhall have been received, or were payable to any of the perfons before mentioned, in relpect of their faid offices, within the half year preceding the delivery of any fuch account-, fhall be lefs than the clear fum of two thoufand pounds

ro s an c ne *n refpe£i cf tbe fajj mafter of the rolls and chief baron, or of one thoufand five hundred pounds in refpedl of the faid puifne judges and barons of the faid courts, fhall be the fums to be iffiued tor the half year in which the faid account (hall be delivered, and fhall be computed and 2fcertained fo as to make up the whole of their refpeeftive falaries and pecuniary profits to the half-yearly fums refpeflivelv before mentioned; and fuch fums fhall be iffued accordingly in manner herein-after mentioned, and as if the fums fo to be alcertained had been fpecifically mentioned in this aeffi.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That if any perfon having the office of matter of the rolls, chief baron, puifne juftice, or baron of the coif, of any of the courts

The fums received half yearly to be made up 2000I. to the mailer of the

baton, and 1500I. to the puiine judges and barons refpcdtivdy.

In cafe of death or re-fignation, a proport i enable part of

aforefaid, fhall die.

in the fame, the

executors or ad mu

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii HI. c. no, 441

adminiftrators of the perfon fo dying, or the perfon fo refigning the faid Aims the fame, (hall be entitled to fuch proportionable part of the clear falary and profits of fuch office as aforefaid, as according to the ^	*

rates above mentioned (hall have accrued during the time that fuch perfon dial] have executed fuch office as aforefaid; and the proper officer of the fucceftor of every fuch perfon (hall, on the twenty-fifth day of March or twenty-fifth day of September, as the cafe may be, which fhall be immediately fubfequent to every fuch death or refignation, or as foon after as conveniently may be, deliver in fuch account as is hereinbefore required to be delivered, figned by fuch fucceftor, and alfo by his predeceffor, or the executors or adminiftrators of fuch predeceffor, as the cafe may be; and fuch fuccetfor and his predeceffor in cafe of refignation, and the executors or adminiftrators of fuch predeceffor in cafe of death fhall be refpeddively entitled to and receive fuch proportionable part of fuch fum, as upon fuch account fhall be due and payable by virtue of this act as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch perfon fo dying or refigning fhall have received, during fuch part of the half year in which fuch perfon (hall die or reftgn, more than a proportionable part of the clear falary and profits of his office, according to the time during which fuch perfon fhall have executed the fame, every fuch perfon fo refigning, and the executors or adminiftrators of the perfon fo dying, (hall pay to the fucceffor$ of every fuch perfon fo much as the fums received (hall exceed the fums to which fuch officer (hall be entitled, according to the rates aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enadied, That the fucceffor of every fuch SuccefTor to perfon fo dying or refigning (hall be entitled to have and receive receive AUa-from all perfons whatsoever, fuch falaries and profits as (hall arife

and become due from the deaih or refignation of his predeceftor, (jeath or refig-in like manner as if his patent had borne date the day next fub- nation of his fequent to the day of the death or refignation of his predeceftor. predeceffor.

VI.	And be it further enaefted. That it (hall be lawful to and His Majelty for the King’s moft excellent majefty, his heirs and fucceft'ors, may grant to

,the lord ' chancellor or

by any letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, to giv and grant unto any perfen executing the office of lord high chan- keeper of cellor of Great Britain for the time being, or the office of keeper the great feal, of the great feai of Great Britain, an annuity or yearly fum ofan annuity of money, not exceeding the fum of four thoufand pounds, of law- ^nce^n001"" ful money ot Great Britain, to commence and take effeeft imme- refignation, diateiy from and after the period whenever the perfon to whom payable quar-fuch annuity or yearly fum of money (hall be granted fhall re-^erly out of figrvthe faid office of lord high chancellor or the office of keeper of the great feal of Great Britain, or be removed from the fame ^ee fr0(n 8 refpeclivelv, and to continue Irom thenceforth for and during the taxes, natural life of the perfon to whom the fame fhall be granted as aforefaid; and fuch annuity or yearly rent or fum (hall be ifiued and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the confo-lidated fund, next in order of payment to, and after paying, or referving fufficient to pay, the (aid annuities herein-before granted, and all fuch fum and fums of money as have been directed by

any

Hosted by

Google

44z Anno regni tricefimo nono Georqii III. c. no. [179S.

any former or adts as aforefaid, but with preference to all other payments hereafter to be charged thereon as aforefaid^ and the fame (hall from time to time be paid and payable quarterly* free and clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever, at the four ufual days of payment in the year, that is to fay, The fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in each apd every year, by even and equal portions, the firft payment to be made on fuch of the faid days as (hall next happen after fuch refignation as aforefaid of the faid Scf ^mit^the 0^ce * Prov*ded always, That it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, duration and heirs and fucceffors, in and by the faid letters patent, if he or payment of they lhall think fit, to limit the duration and payment of any • the annuity to fuch annuity, to be granted to any perfon executing the faid office ^CtheCIar‘iS ^orc^	chancellor, or the office of keeper of the great feal

fhall not hold °F ®reat Britain^ or any part of fuch annuity, to fuch periods of any office of	time during the natural life of fuch perlon in which he (hall not

prqfit.	execute the faid office of lord high chancellor, or keeper of the

great feal of Great Britain, or any other office of profit under hi? Majefty, his heirs or fucceftprs, fo as fuch annuity to be granted as aforefaid, together with the falary and profits of fuch other office, (hall together not exceed in the whole the faid fum of four thoufand pounds.

VII.	And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be law-may grant fuj for pjs Majefty, hisWrs and fucceffors, by any letters patent, ties to the " under the great feal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto any chief iuftice of perfon who may or fhall have executed the office of chief juftice the king’s	of the court of king’s bench, and fhall have refiened the fame, an

bench, &c.	annuity or yearly fum of money, not exceeding the fum of three

thoufand pounds; and to any perfon who may or shall have executed the office of mailer of the ro'ls, chief juftice of the common pleas, 6r chief baron of 1 he exchequer, and who fhall refpeclively have re~ figned the fame, an annuity or yearly fum of money, not exceeding the fum of two thoufand five hundred pounds; and to any perfon who may or (hall have exec uted the office of poifne judge of the court of king’s bench or comm m pleas, or of baron of the coif of the court of exchequer, and who fhall have refigned the fame, an annuity or yearly fum of money, not exceeding the fum of two thoufand pounds; the fai i feveral laft mentioned annuities to commence from and alter the period when the perfon, to whom any fuch annuity or yearly fum of money (ball be gw rued as aforefaid, (hall have refigned his faid office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the natural life of the perfon to whom the fame (hall be granted as aforefaid ; and every fuch annuity or yearly fum of money (hall be iftued and payable cut of, and charged and chargeable upon the consolidated fund, next in order of payment to, and after paying, or referving fufficient to pay, the faid feveral annuities herein-before granted, and all fuch fum or fums of money as have been directed by any former act or adfts of parliament to be paid out ot the fame, but vyith like preference to all other payments as aforefaid; and the fame (hall from time to time be paid and payable quarterly, free and clear

cf

His Majefty

©nrelignation, payable quaw terly out of the con foliated fund, free from taxes.

Hosted by Google

1798.] Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 110.	443

of all taxes and deductions whatever, on the four ufual days of

payment in the year before-mentioned, in each and every year,

by even and equal portions, the firft payment thereof to be made

on fuch of the faid days as fhall next happen after fuch refigna-

tion as aforefaid of the perfon to whom any fuch annuity or

yearly fum of money fhall be granted: provided always, That no No fuch grant.

fuch annuity or yearly fum of money, granted to any perfon hav- unlefs^he

ing executed the office of chief juftice, mafter of the rolls, chief party fhall

baron, juftice, or baron of the coif, of the faid courts refpedfively, have conti-

fhall be valid, unlefs fuch chief juftice, mafter of the rolls, chief nue,d in office

baron, juftice, or baron refpedlively, fhall have continued in one ^aj^b^unable

or more of the faid laft-mentioned offices for the period of fifteen to execute the

years, or (hall be afftidled with fome permanent infirmity, dif-office.

abling him from the due execution of his office, which (hall be

diftindlly recited in the faid grant.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That it fhall be lawful for the The treafury commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury now being, and the high ^edt*1* treafurer and under treafurer of the exchequer, and commif- the auditor of fioners of the treafury for the time being, or any three or more the exchequer of them, and they are hereby autftorifed and required, by warrantt0 Pa*f deben-under their hands, to direcSl the auditor of the receipt of the ex- ofthe^** chequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pafs de- annuities, bentures, from time to time, for the paying the faid feveral an-without fees, nuities or films of money, in manner as aforefaid, which fhall become payable by virtue of any fuch letters patent as aforefaid, or

which fhall have been afcertained to be payable upon fuch account, as is herein-before diredled to be delivered, and as the fame (hall, from time to time, become due and payable, according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the lame, or any part thereof; which faid warrants and debentures, to be made forth and palled thereupon refpedlively, (hall be fufficient authority to the feveral and refpeclive officers of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time being, for the payment of all fuch annuities or fums of money at the refpedlive days in this act before appointed for fuch payments, without any further or other warrants to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That after figning of any fuch Warrants not

warrants or debentures refpedlively, the fame fhall be good, valid, determinable v . rr a 1 • i	j-	,	’1	, j * &	•	on the death

and effectual in law, according to the purport and true meaning of^ jyiajefty?

thereof, and of this adl, and (hall not be determinable or revocable &c. by or upon the demife of his Majefty, (whom God long preferve), or any of his heirs or fuccelTors, or by or upon the death or removal of any of the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer, or under treafurer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, or any of them.

X.	And be it further enadted, That the commiffioners of the The treafury treafury now being, and the high treafurer, chancellor, and under que/todo,

'treafurer, chamberlains, and barons of the exchequer, and all without fee, others the officers and minifters of the court of exchequer, and all things of the receipt thereof, now and for the time being, (hall, and they herein diredl-•	■	-	aree

Hosted by

Google

The receipts of the annuitants to be fufficient dif-th^rges.

If the officers

of the exchequer ncgledt to pay the annuities, they may be fued.

Annoregni tricefimo nono Georgii III. c. no. [1798.

are hereby authorifed, and ftriblly enjoined and required to do? 4 without fee or reward, all fuch a£is, matters and things, as are herein before directed and required, or (hall be necelTary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this abl,. and the feveral payments hereby directed effectual.

XI.	J\nd be it further enabled, That the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of the laid matter of the rolls, the chief baron of the court of exchequer, the puifne judges of the court of king’s bench and common pleas, and barons of the coif of the court of exchequer refpeblively, and of all perfons who (hall have ferved in any of the offices before-mentioned, and to whom any fuch annuities or fums of money fhall have been granted as aforefaid, (hall be good and fufficient difeharges frorq the payment of the laid fums of money and annuities refpedlively before-mentioned, without any further or other warrant to be fued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the faid feveral annuities or fums of money, and every part thereof, fhall be free and clear from all taxes, impofitions, and other charges wbatfo-ever; and in cafe any of the officers of the receipt of his Ma-jefty’s exchequer fhall refufe or neglebt to pay any luch annuity or fum of money, or any part thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, or to do any ad* necelTary to enable any fuch matter of the rolls, chief baron, puifne judge, or baron of the coif of the exchequer, or any perfon having ferved in any of the offices before-mentioned, to whom any fuch annuity or lurn of money herein-before mentioned fhall have been granted as aforefaid, to receive the lame, then any fuch matter of the rolls, chief baron, puifne judge, or baron aforefaid, or any fuch other perfon as aforefaid, may, from time to time, fue, profecute, and implead fuch officers, or any of them, their heirs, executor^, or adminiftrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and fhall and may recover judgement, and fue out execution thereupon, againft fuch officers refpeblively, their refpebtive heirs, executors, or ad-minittrators, for fo much of any fuch annuity or fum of money fclpectively then due and owing, or any part thereof, as fhall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of.the receipt cf the exchequer, at the time or times when fuch demand fhall have been legally made for the payment of any fuch annuity or annuities, or fums of money, or any part thereof, as af refaid, or for the refufal or negledl to do any abt necettary to be done by any fuch officer or officers refpectively.

XII.	And whereas it is expedient, that a further augmentation Jhould he made to the falaries of the lords of fejfons, lords commiff oners of juficiary, and barons of exchequer, in that part of Grear BriT

From July 5, tain called Scotland, be it therefore enabled, That, from and af-1799, an aug- ter tfie fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninery-ffial^be made nine, there fhall be illued, paid, and applied, in every year, out: to the falaries of the monies that fhall arife from any of the duties and revenues of the lords of in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which, by abls made feffion, See. in jn tfie feventh and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne, wer£ £cothmd'	'	'	'	'	charged

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

1798.] Anno regni tricefinio nono Georgii lit. c. i i 1, 112. 445

charged or made chargeable with the payment of the fees, Hilaries, and other charges, allowed, or to be allowed, by her Majelly, her heirs and fuccefTors, for keeping up the courts of feflion, juf-ticiary, and exchequer, in Scotland-, the feveral fums following, to the judges after-mentioned, as an augmentation to their refpec-tive falaries; (that is fay), The ftim of one thoufand pounds to the lord prefident of the court of fefllon for the time being; the fum of five hundred pounds to the lord juftice clerk for the time being; the fum of four hundred and eighty pounds to fuch of the Other lords of leflioa as fhall be lords commiflioners ofjufticiary for the time being ; the fum of two hundred and eighty pounds to fuch of the other lords of fefiion as fhall not be lords com-miffioners of juiliciary for the time being; the fum of one thoufand pounds to the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer in Scotland for the time being; and the fum of two hundred and eighty pounds to each of the other barons of the court of exchequer for the time being.

C A P. CXI.

An aft to permit, until the fir ft day of Augufi: one thoufand eight hundred and nvo, the importation of certain naval fores from Hamburgh, and other ports ^Germany.—£ July 12, 1799. ]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the building and refitting of his Preamble.

Majeff s J.hips of war, and of finps and veffels employed by his Majeff s fubjefts, that the importation of naval fores Jhould be permittedfrom the ports ^/Germany: be it enacted by the King’s rnofl excellent majeity, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpintual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and af- From AuguIt terthefirfl day of Augufi one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- W’tv1 nine, until the firfl day of Augufi one thoufand eight hundred and p^h two, it fhall and may be lawful to import into this kingdom, in and tar, deal Britif-built fhips, owned and navigated according to hw, from boards, fir, the ports of Hambujgh, Bremen, Altona, and Gluckfiat> pitch and ^ tar, as well as deal boards, fir, and timber; any thing in an a<51, ported^i^Bri-palled in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his majefiy Kingtilh built (hips Charles the Second, intituled. An a ft for preventing frauds and re- from Ham-gulating abujes in his Majeff s cufioms, to the contrary in any wife bui'Sh> &c-notwithftandmg.

CAP. CXIL

An aft to enable his Adajcfty, by order in council, to permit, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, Juch goods as fall be fpecified in fuch order to be imported into this king-domain neutral fhips.—[July 12, 1799*]

WHEREAS it is expedient for facilitating the importation ^Preamble.

certain articles into this kingdom, that his Majefy f Quid' be enabled to permit, by order in council, fuch goods as fall be fpecified to

be

Hosted by Google

446

His Majefty may permit, for a limited time, fuch goods as fhall

Anno regni tricefimo nono GeorgIi III. c. 113. [1798.

be imported in neutral J.hips ; be it therefore enadted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advdce and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, ana by the authority of the tame, That it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, with the advice of his or their privy council, from time to time, when and as often as the fame (hall be judged expedient.

be fpeciiied in to permit, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next

any order of council, to be imported in fhips belonging to the

feftion of parliament, any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, as fhali be fpecified in any order of council, to be imported into this kingdom in fhips belonging to the fubjedfs of any kingdom or ftate in amity with his Majefty; any law nowin force to the coun^S(?nany contrary m anywife notwithstanding.

amity with his Majefty,

CAP. CXIII.

An act to enable fuch perfons as his Majefty may be pleafed to appoint to the office of chief juftice, or of one of the juftices of either bench, or of chief baron, or one of the barons of the exchequer, to take upon themfelves the degree of a ferjeant at law in vacation.—[July 12,'

,799*]

Preamble. TT THERE AS it is expedient whenever the office of chief juft ice,

V V or of one of the juftices of either bench, or of chief baron, or one

of the barons of his Majefty*s exchequer, happens to be vacant, that d

proper perfon Jhould be fpeedily appointed to fuch office ; and that fuch

perfon Jhottld be of the degree of a ferjeant at law, which degree cannot

be taken in vacation: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may

enadled ; and be it enadfed by the King's moft excellent majefty,

by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and

temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled,

His Majefty, ancj by tbe authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be law-

vacatfon^ ful f°r his Majefty, at any time before the commencement of the

while the of- next Michaelmas term, and during any fucceeding vacation,

fee of chief whilft the office of chief juftice, or of one of the juftices of either juftice, &c. bench

or of chief baron, or of one of the barons of his Mdefty’s is vacant	y	9	•	•	^	j

may caufe a exchequer, (hall be vacant, from tifne to time, to caufe a writ to

a writ to be be iffued out of his Majefty's high court of chancery, diredfed to iflued out of any fuch perfon, being a barrifter at law, as his Majefty fhall c^ancer^ to think returnable immediately in the faid court, commanding any barrifter fuc'a Perl~°n to appear in the faid court, and to take upon him-at law he fhall felf the ftate and dignity of a ferjeant at law; and fuch perfon think fit, to fhali and may thereupon forthwith appear before the lord high court1 and^1^ c^ance^or5 ^orc* keeper, or lords commidioners for 'he cuftody of t ike upon the great fesl f°r t^lc ^me being, at fuch time and place as the. him felf the faid chancellor, keeper, or commiftioners, dial I appoint; and fuch dignity of a perfon io appearing, and taking the oaths ufually adminiftered to Lv^Tndfuch 3 ^ejeant	(ball, without any further adt or ceremony, be,

perfon*01 all and be ^eeme<^ an<^ taken to be, a ferjeant at law, fworn to all take the ulual intents and purpofes : and in cafe his Majefty fhall be pleafed, by daths.	’writ or by letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, to

His Majefty create or conftitute any fuch perfon, fo to be fworn as aforefaid* may grant to	chief

Hosted by

Google

179S.} Anno regni tricefirno n<3frd Geor&h tlf. c. 114.	447

chief juftice of his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, or to grant ^ch Perlon„. to any fuch perfon the office of chief juftice of his Majefty’s court * j j uftice of common pleas, or of one of the juftices of either bench, or of 0f either chief baron, or of one of the Barons of his Majefty’s exchequer, bench, &c* every fuch perfon (hall be deemed and taken to be lawfully appointed to every fuch office, and (hall and may lawfully hold and enjoy the fame, and do all matters and things whatfoever in fuch and the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch perfon had been a ferjeant at law, fworn in the ufual and ordinary courfe*

CAP. CXIV.

An for granting to his Maieftv a certain Him of money out of the confolidated find, for applying certain lures of money therein mentioned, for the fervice of the year one tho :faocJ feven hundr.-d and ninety-nine $ and for further appropriating the iupplies granted in this fan on of parliament.—Luly 12, 1799.]

Comm'fnoners of the t re a fury may raife 3,22(?jOoob by loans or exchequer bills, as prescribed by the malt adt of this feffion. Exchequer bills to be paid rut of the con fob dated fund. Bank may advance the money.

34,1451. 2s 9d. fnrclus of fum granted for extraordinary expences of the army for 1708, may be applied for 1709. Monies railed by the duties on mal;, pbnfiohs, &c. annuities, c. 7. Duties on income, annuities, c. 60.

Lottery, vote of credit, exchequer bills, c. 69. Exchequer bills, c. 70.	>

521.890b 16 s. 7d. zq. fur pi us of the confolidated fund on April 5, 1799;

and 3,229 oool. granted out of the confolidated fund may be i(filed as

follows: 13 654,013b 6s, 71b for naval fervices, viz. 2,886,000b for wage*

of2-0,000 men, including 20,000 marines. 2.964,000b for their victuals.*

4.680,cool. for wear and tear of fhips. 390,000b for ordnance for lea fervice. 729,063b 6s. yd, for ordinary of the navy, including half pay.

693,750b for building and repairs of fhips and extra works. 1,311,200b

for tr.anfport fervice and maintenance of pri(oners, 1,324,413b 14s. 7cl.	\

for ordnance land fervice for 1799.	81,969b	17s.	4a. for ditto in ty97.

56,218b ns. nd. for Tea fervice of ordnance in 1797. ■ 108,2251. is. zd. for land fervice of ordnance in 1798.	3.000,000b-	to he remitted to Ireland .	825,000b	for	the	emperor	of	Ruilia. *1,774,6091. 4s. 7d. for land

forces, viz. 1*977,253!. yd. 10s. for 52,051 effective men, officers,

&c. in Great Britain, Jerfey, Guemfcy, Alderney and Ireland in 1799.

86*4635!. tos. 3d. for forces in the plantations, Gibraltar, Portugal, Cape of Good Hope, on fpecial fervice, and New South Wales. 42 901b 198. for difference between Britifh and Irifh pay for ilx regiments abroad.

29,124b 3s. 4d. tor recruiting the regiments in Eaft India. 185,000b for -recrui ing and contingencies and extra feed of cavalry. 114,144b 5s. jd. for general, (faff and hofpital officers in Great Britain, Jerfey and. Guam-fey. 3,139,908b roe. ,8d. for militia, miners of Cornwall and Devon, nnd fencible infantry. 6o.ooob for contingencies for militia and fenabie&.

279,934b 19s. 2d. for cloathing for militia, and miners of Cornwall and Devon. 418,440b 5s. 8d. for fencilvle cavalry. 25,000b for extra feed of fencible cavalry. 109,151b 3s. 8d. for provifional cavalry. 41,741!. 16s. for full pay to fuperilumerary officers. 123.006b 13s. 3d. tor the paymafter general^ com miffary general. See. 220,000!. for quartering ibldiera.

163,979b 7s. id. for reduced officers 01 the land forces and marines.

20b 128. i id. for reduced and luper.iiumated gentlemen of the horfe gu irffs.

1,000b for officers late m the leivice of the ftat-es genaab 52,1:00b for reduced officers of the Britilh American forces, and 7,500b for allowances to them. 142,688b ns. 3d. for Chelfea hofpital. 18,591b 3s. 3d. for wko.vs* pen lions. 500,000b for volunteer corps. 622.478b for the barrack department. 173.735b 18s. 7U. for foreign corps. 2,465,854b 17s. 3d. for army ertrvir hnaiies j'or 1709. 3,000,000b tor ditch--*rgirig exchequer bills madeoutunder 38 Geo. 3. c. 91. i>ooo,ooob for diichargingdo,, made

out

Hosted by

Google

Anno regni trieefimo nono Geor(3ii III; c. 114. [1798.

out under 38 Geo. 3. c. 90. 3,500,000!. for difcharging do. made under 38 Geo. 3. c. 82. 9,337b 5s. 6d. ifliied purfuant to addrefles of thehoufe of commons. 7,150b for the civil eftabliihment of Upper Canada. 5,4151. for the civil eftabliihment of Nova Scotia, in America. 4,6501 tor the civil eftablifhment of New Brunfwick, in America. 1,900b for the civil efta-blifhment of the illand of Saint John, in America. 1,840b for the civil eftabliihment of the illand of Cape Breton, in America. 2,451b is. for the civil eftabliihment of the illand of Newfoundland. 4,100b for the civil eftabliihment of the Bahama Iflands. 580b for the civil eftabliihment of the Bermuda or Somers Iflands. 600b for the civil eftabliihment of the illand of Dominica. 6,oi6l. 15s. for the civil eftabliihment of New South Wales; 20,000b for forts in Africa. 150,000b for his MajeftyTs fecret fervice abroad. 226,000b for relief of the fuffiering clergy and laity of France, Toulonefe emigrants, and American loyalifts. 5,000b for the Levant company. 2,773b 15s. for printing for the houfe of commons in’ 1798. 8,oool. for do. in 1799.	7)819!. for firperintendance of aliens.

25,307b 6s. id. for the expences of the mint in 1798.	284b	17s.	6d.	for

profecution of coiners in 1797. 1,607b 9s, 4d. for do. in 1798.	971b os.

yd. zq. for expences of Convicts at home in 1798. 35,923b T5S. 4d. for do. in 1799. 3,000b for the board of agriculture. 1,500b for the Veterinary College. 6,721b for repairing the church of Saint Margaret, Wettminfter. 25,150b 14s. 4d. awarded under the American treaty. 200,000b towards the reduction of the national debt; 153,148!, 10s. yd. for exchequer bills in 1796. 114,037b 16s. 3d. 2q. intereft on exchequer bills in 1797.	35,990b 9s. 6d. to compieat the fupplies granted for the

fervice of the year 1797. 211,791b 2s. yd. for difeounts on loan and lottery in 1798. 210,071b 5s. nd. 2q. for intereft on exchequer bills in 1798. 20,000b to difeharge bills from New South Wales. 14,698b 9s. 2d. to the bank of England for receiving contributions to loan and lottery for 1798. 465,759. 16s. 1 id. iq. for intereft of exchequer bills and advances on bills of exchange. 12,200b for lottery in 1798. 20.502b iffiied cut of the civil lift for fecret fervice abroad. 2,450b 7s. 4d* to William Pollock, elquire, for expences under the alien adt. 97b 9s. to William Chinnrry, tfquire, for an inftrument for meafuring altitudes, &c. for comrniffioneis for af-certnining the fituation of Saint Croix. 909b 13s. 6d. for attendance on committees of the houfe of commons. 4.214b 12s. to Jofeph White, efq. for the purchafe of the old goal of Surrey. 897b 6s. for publishing in the Gazette weekly returns of the average price of brown fugar. 263b 15s. 6 d. to Jofeph Baldwin, efq. for his attendance on Mr. Hayings’trial. 2,762b 15s. to Bernard Cobbe, efq. for clerks in the office for auditing the pub-lick accounts. 529b 12s. to William Chinnery, efq. for New South Wales. 849b 16s. 3d. 3q. for alterations at the houfe of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons. 412b 9s. iod. for the parliament office. 7,878b 3s. for the purchafe of fir John Eden’s houfe for an office of one of his Mijefty’s fecretaries of ftate. 1,437b 6s. 6d. for expences of the police office in Wapping. 300b to the folicitcr of the mint for profecuting coiners, 1,955b 18s. for completing indexes to the rolls of parliament and journals of the houfe of lords; 41 il. 3G. 9d. for a furvey of the ille of Dogs, 1,731b 16s. to the fecretary to the commiffioners for reducing the national debt. 600b for expences in executing n.6f for fale of the land lax. 121b ns. 6d. for A clerk employed on American claims, 15,000!. for the purchafe of Dr. Hunter’s collection of natural hiftory. 60,000b for awards under the American treaty. 35,000b for indemnification to the earl of Saint Vincent and fir Charles Grey. 4,275b 16s. to William Affiforth and others for firft payments on loans in 1796, forfeited by omiffion to make future payments. 36,000b to Jeremy Bentham, efquire, lor a penitentiary houfe. 4,000b for roads and bridges in Scotland. 510,888!. us. 4d. to make good deficiency of grants in 1798. Supplies not to be iftued for any other than the purpofes before-mentioned. Rules to be obferved in the application of the half pay. Officers employed on the ftaff or in garrifons may receive half pay, taking the oath mentioned in this aCf. Chaplains having any ecclefiaftical benefice, &c. not to receive half pay. By 38 Geo. 3. c. 90. 163,874b 16$. 8d. was appropriated t6 be paid to teduced officers, the overplus of which may be diipofed of to officers maimed, &c. as his Majtfty ffiall judge proper.

Hosted by Google

AM

AN

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

T O T H E

FIRST PART OF the XLIT VOLUME

OF THE

STATUTES at LARGE;

Faffed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George III. in the Year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, being the third Seffion of the eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain, which began the twentieth Day of November one thoufand leven hundred and ninety-eight, and ended by prorogation the twelfth Day of July one thouiand feven hundred and ninety-nine.

A.

Accounts, Pub lick*

4,762/. 15s. for clerks in the office for auditing the publick accounts. Chap. 114.

Addreffes of the Houfe of Commons.

9,337/. 55. 6d, iffiied purfuant to addreltes of the houfe of commons. Chap. 114.

Africa.

20,000L for forts there. Chap. 114.

Agriculture, Board of*

3,000L for the board of agriculture. Chap. 114.

Aliens.

1.	7,819/. for fuperintendance of aliens. Chap. 114.

2.	2,450/. 7s. 4d. for expences under the alien ad. Same act,

Vol. XLII.

America*

1.	To permit goods, the produce of any foreign colony in America, imported directly from thence in ffiips belonging to countries in amity with his Majefty, to be entered and landed without payment of duty, granted by act of laft feffion, for better protection of the trade of this kingdom. Chap. 95.

2.	To amend act 29 Geo. 2. c. 5. relating to employing foreign pro-teftants as officers in the army in America only, and to add a iixth and feventh battalions to the fixti-eth regiment of foot. Chap. 104.

3.	52,500/. for reduced officers of the Brit\Jb American forces, and 7,500/. for allowances to them. Chap. 114.

American Claims.

121/. iis..6d. for a clerk employe *

on American claims. Chap. 114.

American Loyalifts.

See France. Chap. 114.

G g	American

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

Att

Cam

45°

American ’Treaty.

1.	25,150/. 145. 4d. awarded under the American treaty. Chap. 1x4.

2.	60,000/. more. Same act.

Annuities.

1.	Contributors towards raifing three millions for every one hundred pounds entitled to the principal fum of 100/. 3 per cent. confoli-dated annuities, from Jan. 5,1799; and a principal of 87/. 95. 6d.

3 /><?r	reduced annuities,

from 051. 10, 1798. Chap. 7.

2.	Contributors towards raifing fifteen millions five hundred thou-fand pounds, for every 100/. entitled to the principal fum of 125/.

3 per cent. confolidated annuities from July 5, 1799, and the principal fum of 50/. 3 per cent. reduced annuities, from April 5, 1799. Chap. 60.

Armorial Bearings.

For extending the time allowed for taking out certificates for ufing armorial bearings until Feb. 15, 1799. Chap. 8.

Army.

34,145/. 2S. 9<f. furplus of extraordinaries for the army for 1798, may be applied in 1799. Chap. 114.

AJJizes.

For making perpetual lb much of a6t 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. as relates to the lodgings of judges at county affixes. Chap. 46.

AJfociations.

See Militia. Chap. 35.

Attorneys.

See Stamps. . Chap. 39.

B.

Bahama IJlands.

4,100/. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 114,

Bail,

To extend the bail to be given in cafes of criminal information in Scotland. Chap. 49.

Baron of Exchequer.

See Serjeant at Lazy. Chap. 67.

Barracks.

622,478/. for the barrack department. Chap. 114.

Bermuda.

580/. for the civil eftablifhment of the Bermuda or Somers IJlands. Chap. 114.

Bills of Exchange.

See Stamps. Chap. 107.

Bifhop, Sir William.

Stc MaidJlone Geneva. Chap. 105*

Boulton, Matthew.

See Rujfia, Emperor of. Chap. 96.

Britifh Mufeum.

See Cracherode, Reverend C. M. Chap. 73.

c.

Cambricks.

TO revive and continue ad! 37 Geo. 3. c. 72. for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and

French

Hosted by Google

Cra

Coi

French lawns, not being of the manufacture of Ireland. Chap. 27.

Canada, Upper.

7,150/. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 114.

Cape Breton, IJland 0/.

1,840/. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 114.

Cape of Good Hope.

To continue an aft for regulating the trade to and from the Cape of Good Hope. Chap. 12.

Cavalry.

To repeal afts relating to the pro-viftonal cavalry. Chap. 23.

Chelfea HofpitaL

142,688/. us. 3d. for Chelfea hof-pital. Chap. 114.

Clerks and Servants.

Clerks and fervants embezzling money, goods, &c. of their matters, liable to tranfportation. Chap. 85.

Coals.

To enable the treafury to contract with the duke of Richmond for the purchafe of the duty of 12d. a chaldron on coals (hipped in the river Tyne, to be confumed in England,, for an annuity. Chap. 84.

Coffee.

An additional duty on coffee exported. Chap. 63.

Coin.

See Silver Coin. Chap# 75#

451

Coiners.

r. 284/. 17;. 6i. for profecuting of coiners. Chap. 114.

2.	1,607/. 95. 4^. more. Same aft

Commons,	of.

1.	2,773/. 15J. for printing for the houfe of commons. Chap. 114.

2.	8,00c/. more. Same aft.

3.	907/. 13J. 6i/. for attendance on committees of the houfe of commons. Same aft.

ConfolidatedJFund.

1.	521,890/. 16s. 7\d. furplus of the consolidated fund, may be iffued towards the fupply. Chap. 114.

2.	699,043/. nr. 2//. deficiency of consolidated fund. Same aft.

Contribution.

See Income. Chap. 13.

Convibls.

1.	971/. 0;. 7^/. for expences of con-vifts at home. Chap. 114.

2.	355923/. 15X. 4</. more for the fame. Same aft.

Corn.

1.	To enable his Majefty to prohibit the exportation and permit the importation of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provifions without payment of duty. Chap. 87.

2.	See Edinburgh. Chap. 88.

Cotton.

See Flax and Cotton. Chap. 38.

Cracherode^ Reverend C. M.

The legacy of books and other articles, given by the will of the reverend

g g 2

Hosted by Google

4$2	Exc

rend Clayton	Mordaunt Chacberodt to

the Britifh mufeum, exempted from the legacy duty. Chap. 73,

D.

Davis's Streights.

SeE Fifberies. Chap. ior.

Debtors.

To make perpetual ad 33 Geo.

3.	c. 5. for relief ofdebtors. Chap. 50.

Difcount.

Szz Loans. Chap. 114

Dijlilleries.

To continue ad 38 Geo. 3. c. 92. relating to the diltilleries in Scotland. Chap. 31. 78.

Dominica, IJland of.

600/. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 114.

Drawbacks.

1.	See Sugar. Chap. 63.

2.	See Salt. Chap. 77.

E.

Edinburgh.

FOR erecting the county of Edinburgh into a feparate diftrid, for the purpofe of regulating the importation and exportation of corn. Chap. 88.

Enfigns.

See Armorial Bearings. Chap. 8*

Exchequer.

See Serjeant at Law. Chap. 67.

W

Exchequer Bills'.

1.	The treafury may raife 3,000,000/. by loans or exchequer bills for the fervice of the year 1799. Chap. 18.

2.	The treafury may raife 1,500,000/. more. Chap. 33.

3.	The treafury may raife 3,000,000/. more. Chap. 41.

4.	The treafury may raife 3,000,000/* more. Chap. 68.

5.	The treafury may raife 3,500,000/. more. Chap. 69.

6.	The treafury may raife 3,000,000/# more. Chap. 70.

7.	The treafury may raife 3,000,000/. more. Chap. 71.

8.	The treafury may raife 3,229,000/. more. Chap. 114.

9.	3,500,000/. for difeharging exchequer bills made out under 38 Geo. 3. c. 82. Same ad.

10.	1,000,000/. for fame, under 38 Geo. 3. c. 90I Same ad.

11.	3,000,000/. for fame, under 38 Geo. 3. c. 91. Same ad.

12.	153,148/. 10s. 7d for principal and intereft of exchequer bills. Same ad.

13.	114,037/. i6r. for intereft on exchequer bills. Same ad.

14.	210,071 /. 51. 11 id. more for lame. Same ad.

15.	465,759L 16s. 11 -d. for intereft of exchequer bills and advances on bills of exchange. Same ad.

F.

Felony.

For making perpetual fo much of ad 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. as relates to the punifhment of burning in the hand of certain perfons convicted of felony within the benefit of clergy. Chap. 45.

Fijheries.

I.	To revive, continue and amend feveral ads relating to the encouragement

Hosted by Google

453

Gib

ragement of the Britijh fifherics. Chap. ioo.

2.	For the further fupport and encouragement of the fifheries in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights continued. Chap. ioi.

3.	To continue the bounties for encouraging the filheries at Newfoundland. Chap. 102.

Flax.

See Linen Tarns. Chap. 28.

Flax and Cotton.

To continue an aCt for encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton. Chap. 38.

France.

226,000/. for the relief of the fuf-fering clergy and laity of France, Tou-loneje emigrants, and American loyal-ifts. Chap. 114.

French Lawns,

See Cambricks. Chap. 27,

G,

Game.

FOR repealing aCts 36 Geo. 3. c.

39.	and 54. relating to killing partridges. Chap. 34.

Geneva.

See Maidflone Geneva. Chap. 105.

Gibraltar.

For reducing the duty by aCf 39 Geo. 3. c. 76. on goods, the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any place within the {freights of Gibraltar. Chap. 99.

Thin

G/a/s

For better fecuring the duties on glafs, continued. Chap. 38.

Greenland Seas.

See Fijheries. Chap. IQJ.

Grenada> IJland of.

For allowing further time to pay inftalments on loan advanced to per-fons conneCled with and trading to the illands of Grenada and Saint Fintents. Chap. ii.

H.

Hajiings, Mr.

261/. 15*. 6d. to Jofeph Baldwin, efq. for his attendance on Mr. Haf-flings trial. Chap. 114.

Hides.

To indemnify perfons who may have incurred penalties or forfeitures under aCt 2 James 1. c. 22. concerning tanners, &c. and to repeal parts of the laid aCl relating to the buying of hides. Chap. 34.

High Seas.

For remedying certain defe&s in the law refpecling offences committed upon the high feas. Chap. 37.

Horfes.

See Pojl Horfes. Chap. 74.

Hunter, Dcttor.

15,000/. for the purchase of doctor Hunter's colle&ion. Chap. 114.

G g 3	Income*

Hosted by Google

CO

454

>d I.

Income.

1.	' | ^ O repeal the duties for

JL granting an aid and contribution for profecuting the war, and to grant certain duties upon income in lieu thereof. Chap. 13.

2.	For extending the time for returning ftatements under chapter 13 of this feftion,and to amend the fame. Chap. 22.

3.	To enable the commercial com-miffioners, appointed to carry into execution acts for granting duties upon income, to extend the time for receiving returns of income. Chap. 42.

4.	To amend chapter 13. of this fef-fion, fo far as relates to the truftees, &c. Ch3p. 72.

India (Eajl) Company.

1.	For permitting certain goods imported from the Eaf Indies to be warehoufed, and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof. Chap. 59.

2.	Forregulatingthe manner in which the Eajl India company (hall hire and take up fhips for their regular fervice. Chap. 89.

For recruiting the forces of the Eajl India company. Chap. 109.

Ireland.

1.	See Militia. Chap. 5.

2.	See Sail Cloth. Chap. 26.

3.	See Cambricks. Chap. 27.

4.	3,coo,00c/. to be remitted to Ire-land. Chap. 114,

IJle of Bogs .

4i 11* 3s• 9d. for furvey of the IJle

of Dogs. Chap. 114.

Judges.

I. See	Ajfizes. Chap.	46.

Lan

2,	For the augmentation of the fala-ries of the judges of the courts in Wefhninfer Hall, and for enabling his Majefty to grant annuities to perfons in certain offices in the faid courts of Wefminjler Hally on their reiignation. Chap, no.

3.	See Serjeant at Law. Chap. 113.

K.

!The King and Royal Family.

z. T?OR enabling his Majefty to J7 fettle on prince Edward and, princeErneft Augujlus an annuity of 12,000/. each, during hisMajefty’s pleafure. Chap. 29.

2.	To enable his Majefty to fettle on princefs Amelia part of the annuity of 30,000/. which his Majefty was enabled to fettle on his other daughters, out of the hereditary revenues. Chap. 30.

L.

Land Forces.

1.	11,775,609/. 4s. 7d. for land forces in 1799. Chap. 114.

2.	1,977,253/. ys. 10d. for 52,051 effective men, officers, be. in Great Britain, Jerfey, Guernfeyy Alderney, and Ireland. Same act.

3.	861,653/. 105, 3d. for forces in the plantations, Gibraltar, Portu-galy the Cape of Good Hopey on fpecial fervice, and New South Wales. Same act.

4.	29,124/. 35. 2d. for recruiting the regiments in Eaft India. Same act:.

5.	185,000/. for recruiting and contingencies, and extra feed of cavalry. Same act.

6.	114,144/. 55. $d. for general, ftaflf, and hofpital officers in Great Bri~ tainy Guernfeyy and Jerfey. Same ad.

•J. 418,44o/t

Hosted by Google

Lan

7. 418,440/. $s. 8d. for fencible cavalry, Chap. 114.

8.	25,000/. for their extra feed. Same ad.

9.	41,741/. 161. for full pay tofuper-numerary officers. Same ad.

10.	123,006/. 13*. ffi. for the pay-mafter general, com miffary general, &c. Same ad.

11.	220,000/. for quartering foldiers. Same ad.

12.	163,979/. 7s. id. for reduced officers of the land forces and ma-rines. Same ad.

13.	20/. 12x. 11 d. for reduced and fuperannuated gentlemen of the

. horfe guards. Same ad.

14.	1,000/. for officers late in the fervice of the flares general. Same ad.

15.	18,591/. 31. 3d. for widows pen-fions. Same ad.

16.	173^73S/» 181. 7d. for foreign corps. Same ad.

17.	2,465,854/. 171. 3d. for army extraordinaries for 1799. Same ad.

Land Revenue.

For transferring to the commif-

fioners for auditing publick accounts

the offices of auditors of the land revenue. Chap. 83.

Land Tax.

1.	To enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax, and to explain and amend the ad for making perpetual the land tax. Chap. 6.

2.	To amend and render more effeCr-tual feveral ads for the redemption and purchafe of the land tax. Chap. 21. 108.

3.	To amend ads for making perpetual, fubjed to redemption and purchafe, the land tax relating to Scotland. Chap. 40.

4.	For enlarging the time limited by ads for redemption of the land tax,

Lin 4

for receiving contrads and making transfers of flock thereon. Chap.

43*	.

5.	bool, for expences in executing the ad for fale of the land tax. Chap. 114.

Legacies.

1.	To exempt the legacies of books, pidures, See. to corporations, &c. from duty. Chap. 73.

2". See Cracherode, Reverend C. M. Chap. 73.

Letters.

See Pojl Office. Chap. 76.

Levant Company.

5,000/. for the Levant company. Chap. 114.

Levant Seas.

To encourage the trade into the Levant Teas, by providing a more convenient mode of performing quarantine. Chap. 99.

Licences.

For afeertaining the duty for retail fpirit licences, and for authorifing juftices for any county to grant licences to fell ale, See. by retail in places where a fufficient number of magiftrates cannot be found qualified to grant fuch licences. Chap. 86.

Linens.

For granting a bounty on Britijb and Irtjh linens exported, continued. Chap. 28.

Linen Tarns.

For taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, continued. Chap, 28.

Loan*

cg4

Hosted by Google

Mar

456

Loan.

1.	211,791/- 2s. yd. for difcounts on loan and lottery 1798. Chap. 114.

2.	14,698/. 95. 2d. to the bank, for receiving contributions to loan and lottery in 1798. Same a61.

3.	4,275/. 16s. to IV. AJhworth and others, for firft payments on loan 1796, forfeited. Same a61.

London.

See Militia. Chap. 82t

Lottery.

1.	703,541/. 135. 4^. to be raifed by a lottery, tickets at 12/. 51. iod. each, and 500,000/. to be paid in prizes on Augufl 1, 1800. Chap.

9I#

12,200/. for lottery in 1798. Chap. 114.

3. See Loan. Same a£lf

M.

Maidjlone Geneva.

TO continue and amend fo much of a6t 33 Geo. 3. c. 59. as permits hr William Bijhop and others to carry on thp manufa&ure of Maid-Jlone geneva. Chap. 105.

Malt.

I.	Duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, continued for the lervice of the year 1799. Chap. 2.

2.	Certain duties on malt, granted for the fervice of the year 1799. Chap. 3.

Marines

Regulated while on fliore. Chap. 19.

Mar riot. Sir James.

An annuity of 2,000/. granted to fir James Marmot. Chap. 58.

Min

Militia.

1.	To continue a33 Geo. 3. c. 66. for empowering his Majefty to accept the fervices of the militia, who voluntarily offer tbemfelves to be employed in Ireland. Chap. 66.

2.	For exempting, during the war, perfons in volunteer corps from being baliotted for the fupplcmen-tary militia, under certain conditions; and for annually making new lifts of men liable to ferve in the militia. Chap. 14.

3.	For exempting, during the war, perfons ferving in volunteer corps and affociations from being baliotted for the militia, under certain conditions. Chap. 35.

4.	To amend the acts for raifing a militia force in Scotland. Chap. 62.

5.	To explain and amend feveral acfs relating to the London militia. Chap. 82.

6.	To amend two a61s, fo far as the fame relate to the militia of Mid-diefex and Surrey, and for applying certain monies remaining in the hands of the clerks to the deputy lieutenants of Micldlefex towards completing the faid militia. Chap. 90.

7.	For defraying the charge of pay and cloathing of the militia for the year 1799. Chap 97.

8.	For making allowances to fubal-tern officers of the militia in time of peace. Chap. 103.

9.	For reducing the militia, and in-creafing the regular forces. Chap. 106.

l°. 3,1395908/. IOJ. 8d. for militia, miners of Cornwall and Devon, and fencible infantry. Chap. 114.

11.	60,000/. for contingencies for militia and fencibles. Same a6l.

12. 279,934/. 195. 2d. for cloathing militia. Same a6t.

Mint.

1. To afcertain the falary of the

mafter

Hosted by Google

1N

matter and worker of his Majefty’s mint. Chap. 94.

2.	25,307/. 6;. 1 d. forexpencesof the mint. Chap. 114.

3.	300/. to the folicitor of the mint. Same aft.

Mutiny.

1.	To continue aft 37 Geo. 3. c. 70* for the better prevention and pu-niihment of attempts to feduce perfons ferving in the navy or army from their duty to his Majefty. Chap. 4. -

2.	For punifhing mutiny and defer-tion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. Chap. 20.

N.

National Debt.

1.	200,000/. towards the reduftion of the national debt. Chap. 64,

2.	1,731/. i6j. to the fecretary to the commifltoners for the reduftion of the national debt. Chap. 114.

Naval Services.

1.	13,654,013/. 6s. 7d. for naval fer-vices for 1799. Chap. 114.

2.	2,886,000/. for wages of 120,000 men. Same aft.

3.	2,964,000/. for their victuals. Same aft.

Naval Stores.

To permit the importation of naval (lores from Hamburgh and other ports of Germany. Chap. m.

Navy.

729,063/. 65. 7d. for the ordinary of the navy. Chap. 114*

Nelfony Baron.

An annuity of 2,00c/. a year fet-

Not	4	57

tied on baron Nelfon, and the two

next fucceeding heirs to his title.

Chap. 1.

Neutral Ships.

1.	To continue feveral afts relating to the admiHIon of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and the iffuing of orders in council for that purpofe. Chap. 12.

2.	See Order in Council. Chap. 112.

New Brunfwick.

4,650/. for the civil eftablifhment '

there. Chap. 114,

Newfoundland.

1.	To revive and continue aft 33 Geo. 3. c. 76. for eftablhhing courts of judicature in the ifland of Newfoundland. Chap. 16.

2.	To permit (hips to fail from certain ports of the ifland of New* foundlandy and from the coaft of

Labrador, without convoy. Chap. 32*

3.	See Fijheries. Chap. 102.

4.	2,451/. is. for the civil eftablhh* meat there. Chap. 114.

New South Wales.

1.	6,016/. 15*. for the civil ettablifh-ment there. Chap. 114.

2.	20,000/. to difcharge bills from New South Wales. Same acl.

3.	529/. 12s. for New South Wales* Same aft.

Notes.

1.	To continue afts 37 Ge&. 3. c. 32. and 61. but (hall only extend to notes payable on demand to bearer for lefs than five pounds. Chap. 9.

2.	To continue and amend aft 37 Geo. 3. c. 137. relating to iffuing notes for fmall fums in Scotland• Chap. io. 25. 48.

3. To

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

Pro

458	Par

3.	To continue an ad of this feffion, c. 9. relating to iffuing notes under a limited fum. Chap. 24.

47-

4. See Stamps.	Chap. 107.

Afcw Scotia.

5,415/. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 114.

o.

Offices.

See Penjions. Chap. 3.

Order in Council.

To enable his Majefty, by order in council, to permit goods to be imported in neutral (hips* Chap. 112.

Ordnance.

1.	390,000/. for ordnance for the fea fervice in 1799. Chap. 114.

2.	1,324,413/. 14J. 7d. for ordnance for the land fervice in 1799. Same

■ ad.

3.	81,969/. 17/. 4*f. for the fame in 1797. Same act.

4.	56,218/. iij. ud. for ordnance for the fea fervice in 1797. Same ad.

5.	108,225/. j/v 2i. for ordnance for the land fervice in 1798. Same ad.

P.

Parliament.

1.	*>955/• 18;. for completing indexes to rolls of parliament and journals of the houfe of lords. Chap. 114.

2.	519. 888/. m. 4d. to make good deficiency of grants by parliament in 1798. Chap. 114,

Parliament Office.

412/, 9s. 10d. for the parliament office. Chap. 114.

Paymajler General of the Forces.

Accounts of the paymafter general of the forces to be verified by the accountant general. Chap. 83.

Penitentiary Houfes.

1.	To continue ad 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. relating to penitentiary houfes. Chap. 52.

2.	36,000. to J. Bentham for a penitentiary houfe. Chap. 114.

Penfions.

For granting a duty on penfions, offices, and perfonal eftates, in Eng-land, iVales, and Berwick upon Tweed, for the fervice of the year 1799. Chap. 3.

Pilchards.

For allowing until June 24, 1805* a further bounty upon pilchards exported. Chap. 65.

Police.

1,437/. 6s. 6d, for expences of the police office in Wapping. Chap. 114.

Poft Horfes.

From Aug. 1, 1799, the treafury may let to farm duties on poft horfes. Chap. 74.

Poft Office.

Poftmafter general may forward letters by other veffels than packet boats, and receive poftage thereon. Chap. 76.

Provifional Cavalry. 109,151/. 3*. 8-d. for provifional cavalry. Chap. 114.

£>ualim

Hosted, by Google

Sat

Sco

459

Q,

Qualifications.

ACT of qualification for offices. Chap. 17.

R.

Rape Seed.

TO continue an aft for allowing the importation of rape and other feeds for extracting oil. Chap.

38*

Richmond, Duke of.

See Coals. Chap. 84.

Ruffiay Emperor of.

1. To enable Matthew Boulton to export machinery necedary for erecting a mint in the dominions of the emperor of Rujfta. Chap. 96.

%. 825,000/. for the emperor of Rujfa. Chap. 114.

s.

Sail Cloth.

TO continue an aCt for difallovv-ing the bounty on fail cloth or canvas, exported to Ireland. Chap.

26.

Saint Croix.

97/. 9s. for an inftrument for com-milfioners at St. Croix. Chap. 114.

Saint John, IJland of.

1,900/. for the civil eftabliflunent there. Chap. 114.

Saint Margaret, IVeJtminJler.

6,7211. for repairing the church of

Saint Margaret, Wejhninfler. Chap.

114.

Salt.

1.	To amend aCt 38 Geo. 3. c. 89. for transferring the management of the fait duties to the commif-fioners of excife. Chap. 65.

2.	Duties and drawbacks on fait made in Scotland to ceafe, and in-ftead thereof to be paid a duty of four (hillings a bufhel, and if imported into England, fix (hillings more. Chap. 77.

3.	A drawback for fait made in Scot-land, (except rock fait) exported 5 and for fait ufed in making oxigi-mated muriatick acid in Scotland^four (hillings a bu(hel. Same aCf, f. 3.

Scotland.

1.	To continue an a£t for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. Chap. 53.

2.	For encouraging the improvement of lands fubjeCt to the fervitude of thirlage in Scotland. Chap. 55.

3.	To explain and amend the laws relative to the colliers in Scotland. Chap. 56.

4.	For placing the falaries of the (heriffs deputes and fubditutes of Scotland upon the Scots civil lilt edablifhment. Chap. 66.

5.	For the augmentation of the falaries of the lords of feffion, lords commidioners of judiciary, and barons of the exchequer, in Scotland. Chap. no.

6.	4,000/. for roads and bridges in Scotland. Chap. 114.

7.	See Bail. Chap. 49. See Diftil-leries. Chap. 31. 78. See Militia. Chap 62. See Notes. Chap. io. 25. See Salt. Chap. 77. See Transportation* Chap. 51.

Seal

Hosted by Google

Sii

Seal Skins.

To continue feveral ads relating to the allowing the importation of feal (kins cured with foreign fait, duty free. Chap. 38.

Secretary of State.

7,878/. 35. for purchale of an office for the fecretary of (late. Chap. 114.

Seditious Meetings.

For the more effectual fuppreffion of focieties dlablifhed for feditious and treasonable purpofes; and for better preventing treafonable and feditious practices. Chap. 79.

Serjeant at Law.

1,	To enable fuch perfon as his Ma-jefty (hall appoint to the vacant office of a baron of the exchequer to take upon himfelf the degree of a ferjeant at law. Chap. 67.

2.	To enable fuch perfons as his Majefty may appoint judges to take upon themfelves the degree of a ferjeant at law in vacation time. Chap. 113.

Service Abroad.

1.	150,000/. for his Majefty’s Secret Service abroad. Chap. 114.

2.	20,502/. more for the fame pur-pole* Same ad.

Ships.

1.	4,680,000/. for wear and tear of (hips. Chap. 114.

2.	693,750/. for building and repairs of (hips. Same ad.

Silver Coin.

To revive and make perpetual ad 14 Geo. 3. c, 42. for prohibiting the importation of light Silver coin. Chap. 75.

Sta

Slaves.

For regulating the manner of carrying (laves in Britijb velTels from Africa. Chap. 80,

Snuff.

Certain duties on fnuff granted for the Service of the year 1799. Chap. 3-

Soldiers.

For increafing the rates of fubfift-ence on quartering loldiers. Chap. 36-

Solicitors.

See Stamps. Chap. 39.

Somers IJlands.

See Bermuda. Chap. 114,

Speaker of the Houfe of Commons.

849/. 16s* 3\d. for alterations at the houfe of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons. Chap. 114.

Stamps.

1.	Indentures of clerkfhip to Solicitors or attorneys made after the fifth of Feb. 1794, within the bills of mortality, and after the tenth of Feb. in other parts of England and Wales, and before March 28, 1794a may, on payment of the duty required by ad 34 Geo. 3. c. 14. by June 1, 1799, be (lamped and inrolled in three months after. Chap. 39.

2.	For altering the period of making up the annual account of the (lamp duties. Chap. 92.

3.	For granting to his Majefly certain (tamp duties on bills of exchange and promifiory notes for Small fums of money. Chap. 107.

Sugar,

Trd

Sugar.

1.	Certain duties on fugar granted for the fervice of the year 1799. Chap. 3.

2.	For granting additional duties on fugar imported and exported, and for reducing the drawbacks on exportation of fugar. Chap. 63.

2. 897/. 6s. for publifhing in the Gazette weekly returns of the price of fugar. Chap. 114.

Supplies.

35,990/. 35. 6d. to compleat the fupplies for 1797. Chap. 114.

Surrey.

4,214/. 12.5. for the purchafe of the old gaol of Surrey. Chap. 114.

T.

Tallow, &c.

ACT 7 Geo. 3. c. 12. for dif-continuing the duties on importation of tallow, hog’s lard, and greafe, continued. Chap. ioi.

Tanners.

See Hides. Chap. 54.

Tobacco.

Certain duties on tobacco granted . for the fervice of the year 1799. Chap. 3.

Toulonefe Emigrants.

See France*. Chap. 114.

Vin461

1800, feveral laws relating to the tranfporration of felons and other offenders, and to authorifing the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement in England and Scotland. Chap. 51.

Tranfport Service.

1,311,200/. for tranfport fervice and maintenance of prifoners. Chap.

114.

Treafon.

1.	Perfons imprifoned for high trea-fon, See. may be detained until May 21, 1799. Chap. 15.

2.	Perfons againft whom indictments for high treafon are already found may be tried. Same aCf, f. 5.

3.	ACf 38 Geo. 3. c. 26. continued, and perfons imprifoned for high treafon, &c. maybe detained until March 1, 1800. Chap. 44.

4.	To repeal fo much of aCt 7 Ann, c. 21. and 17 Geo. 2, c. 39. as puts arr end to the forfeiture of inheritance upon attainder of treafon, after the death of the pretender and his fons. Chap. 93.

5.	See Seditious Meetings. Chap. 79.

V.

Veterinary College.

1,500/. for the Veterinary College. Chap. 114.

Vincent {Saint) Earl.

35,000/. for indemnification of earl Saint Vincent and fir Charles Grey. Chap. 114.

Tranfportation.	Vincent's	{Saint)	IJland	of.

For continuing, until March-2$, See Grenada, If and of. Chap. 11.

Volunteer

462	Weft

Volunteer Corps.

500,000/. for volunteer corps. Chap. 114.

w.

JVeJl India IJlands.

To indemnify governors, lieutenant governors, &c. in the Weft India iflands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods in foreign bottoms. Chap. 57.

Tar

Wool.

To allow the importaion of Spani/b wool in (hips belonging to countries in amity with his Majefty. Chap. 98.

Y.

Tarn.

To repeal the duty granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. on raw linen yarn, the produce of the territories of the king of PruJJiay and imported directly from thence into this kingdom, and for charging another duty in lieu thereof. Chap. 61.

END OF PART I. VOL. XLII.

Hosted by Google

Hosted by Google

Hosted by Google

PUBLIC LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

Anno tricefimo nono Georgii III. Regis.

*** It being thought unneceflary to print in this place the whole of the titles of the Public Local and Perfonal Adis, which are all inferted in the Table; the Editor has feledled thofe Ads which he thought would be found of moft general utility,.either at length, or made copious abftrads of them.

Cap. 58.

An ad for regulating the rates of porterage to be taken by innkeepers and other perfons within the cities of London and Weftminfter, the borough of Southwark, and places adjacent.—[June 21, 1799-]

WHEREAS great exadions and abufes are daily practifed in the porterage or delivery of boxes, bafkets, packages, parcels, trufies, game, and other things, within the cities of London and Weftminfter, and the borough of Southwark, and the fuburbs and liberties thereof re -fpedively, and other parts contiguous thereto, brought by ftage waggons* carts, public ftage coaches or carriages: and whereas the laws now in being are infufficient for the prevention of fuch exadions and abufes: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded, and be it enaded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, not innkeeper, warehouiekeeper, or other perfon, to whom any box, baiket, package, parcel, trufs, game, or other thing whatfoever, not exceeding fifty-fix pounds weight, is brought by any ftage waggon or cart, or any public ftage coach or carriage, or any porter or other perfon employed by fuch innkeeper, warehoufekeeper, or other perfon in the porterage or delivery of any fuch box,bafket, package,parcel, trufs, game, orother things within the cities of London and Weftminfter, and the borough of Southwark, and the fuburbs and liberties thereof refpedively, and other parts contiguous thereto, not exceeding the diftance of half a mile from the end of the carriage pavement in the feveral ftreets and places within the laid cities, boroughs, and liberties, fliall afk or demand, or receive or take, in refpedt of fuch porterage or delivery, any greater rate or price tharl the feveral rates or prices hereafter mentioned ; (that is to fay,)

For any diftance not exceeding a quarter of a mile, the fum of three pence s

For any greater diftance than a quarter of a mile, but not exceeding half a mile, the fum of four pence:

For any greater diftance than half a mile, but not exceeding one mile, the fum of lixpence:

For any greater diftance than one mile, but not exceeding one mile and a half, the fum of eight pence :

For any greater diftance than one mile and a half, but not exceeding two miles, the fum of ten pence ; and fo in like manner the additional fum of three pence for every further diftance not exceeding half a mile.

II.	And be it further enaded, That if any porter or other perfon employed in the porterage or delivery of fuch boxes, bafkets, packages, parcels, trufies, game or other things as aforefaid, fliall afk or demand, or receive or take, of and from any perfon or perfons in refpeht of fuch Vol. XL1I.	*Ff	. porterage

Hosted by Google

Public Local and Perfonal A6ts ' [1800.

porterage or delivery, any greater fum or Turns than the rates or prices hereinbefore fixed in that behalf, fuch porter or other perfons (hall for every fuch offence forfeit a fum not exceeding twenty Shillings nor lefs than five fhillings.

III.	And be it further enadted, That before any fuch box, balket, packet, package, parcel, trufs, game, or other thing whatfoever is fent from the inn, warehoufe, or other place to which the fame is brought or conveyed, there {hall be made out and given to the porter or other perfon employed in the delivery thereof, a card or ticket, whereon fhall be diftindtly printed, written, or marked the name and defcription of the inn, warehoufe, or other place from whence the fame is fent, and the fum due for the carriage thereof, and alfo the fum due for the porterage or delivery thereof, according to the rates and prices aforefaid, and the chriftian name and furname of the porter or other perfon employed in fuch delivery, which card or ticket fhall be delivered by the porter or other perfon employed as aforefaid, at the fame time and together with fuch box, bafket, packet, package, parcel, trufs, game, or other thing; and if any fuch box, bafket, or other article fhall be fent from any inn, warehoufe, or other place without fuch card or ticket as aforefaid, every fuch innkeeper, warehoufekeeper, or other perfon (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding forty fhillings nor lefs than five fhillings : and any porter or other perfon employed in the delivery of any fuch box, bafket, or other article, who fhall not at the time of fuch delivery leave therewith fuch card or ticket as aforefaid, or who fhall wilfully alter, obliterate, or deface any thing wrjtten or exprefTed thereon, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the film of forty fhillings; and if any fuch porter or other perfon fhall, upon the delivery of fuch box, bafket, or other article, alk or demand, or take or receive any larger fum for the carriage of fuch article than is written or exprefTed as aforefaid, every fuch porter or other perfon fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of tw.enty fhillings.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That every box, balket, package, parcel, trufs, game, or other thing brought to any inn, warehoufe, or other place, by any public ftage coach or carriage other than ftage waggons, for the purpofe of delivery within the limits aforefaid, (except where the fame fhall be directed to be left till called for), fhall be delivered according to the diredtion thereof within fix hours after the arrival of any fuch box, bafket, or other article at fuch inn, warehoufe, or other place, unlefs fuch arrival fhall be between the hours of four in the evening and feven in the morning, and in that cafe every fuch delivery fhall be made within fix hours after fuch hour in the morning, and in default thereof every innkeeper, warehoufekeeper, or other perfon, to whofe inn, ware-houle, or other place fuch box, bafket, or other article fhall be brought as aforefaid, fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence any fum not exceeding twenty fhillings nor lefs than ten fhillings.

V.	And be it further enadted, That every box, bafket, package, parcel, trufs, game, or other thing brought to any inn, warehoufe, or other place, by any public ftage waggon for the purpofe of delivery within the limits aforefaid, (except where the fame fhall be diredted to be left till called for), fhall be delivered according to the diredtion thereof within twenty-four hours after the arrival of any fuch box, bafket, or other article at fuch inn, warehoufe, or other place, and in default thereof every innkeeper, warehoufekeeper, or other perfon, to whofe inn, warehoufe, or other place fuch box, bafket, or other article fhall be brought as aforefaid, fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence any fum not exceeding twenty fhillings nor lefs than ten (hillings.

VI.	And be it enadted, That every fuch box, bafket, package, parcel, trufs, game, or other thing brought to fuch inn, warehoufe, or other place as aforefaid, which fhall be diredted to be left till called for, iball, upon the demand of the perfon properly authorifed to receive the fame, be delivered to fuch perfon without any charge or demand whatfoever, other than what is juftly due for the carriage thereof, and the additional iumof two pence for the warehoufe-room thereof; and if the fame

Hosted by Google

i8oo.]	39	Geo.	III. c. 58*.

be not delivered to fuch perfon upon fuch demand, or any charge other than as aforefaid be made or received in refpe<5t thereof, every innkeeper, warehoufekeeper, or other perfon, to whofe inn, warehoufe, or -other place fuch box, bafket, or other article (ball be brought as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence or overcharge any fum not exceeding twenty lhillings nor lefs than ten (hillings.

VJI. Provided nevertheless, That if fuch box, bafket, or other article fo dire<5>ed to be left till called for be not fent for from fuch inn, warehoufe, or other place before the end of one week after the fame is brought to fuch inn, warehoufe, or other place, it fhall be lawful to and for fuch innkeeper, warehoufekeeper, or other perfon to charge and receive the further fum of one penny for the warehoufe-room thereof, and fo in like manner if the fame be not fent for before the end of the fecond or any fubfequent week to charge the further fum of one penny weekly.

VIII.	Provided alfo, That if any fuch box, bafket, or other article brought to fuch inn, warehoufe, or other place as aforefaid, which is not directed to be left till called for, (hall, before the fame is fent for delivery from fuch inn, warehoufe, or other place, be demanded by any perfon properly authorifed to receive the fame, fuch box, bafket, or other article (hall be thereupon delivered to fuch perfon fo demanding the fame; and it (hall in fuch cafe be lawful to and for fuch innkeeper, warehoufekeeper, or other perfon to charge and take the fumjuftlydue for the carriage thereof, and alfo the fum of two pence for the warchoufe-room thereof; but if the fame be not delivered to fuch perfon upon fuch demand, or any charge other than as aforefaid be -made or received in refpeft thereof, every innkeeper, warehoufekeeper, or other perfon, to whofe inn, warehoufe, or other place fuch box, bafket, or other article fhall be brought as aforefaid, fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings nor lefs than ten (hillings.

IX.	And, for the preventing the mifbehaviour of porters or other per-fons employed in the porterage or delivery of fuch boxes, bafkets, packages, parcels, truffes, game, or other things as aforefaid, be it further ena&ed, That upon complaint made of any non-delivery, negleft, mif-conduft, or mifbehaviour in fuch employment to any juftice ot the peace within whofe jurifdi&ion the offence has been committed, or the offender1 fhall be or refide, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice of the peace to grant a warrant to bring before him the perfon again ft whom fuch complaint fhall be made, and upon proof, made upon oath, (which Ocath fuch juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter), of any fuch non-

- delivery, neglcff, mifconduft, or mifbehaviour of fuch porter or other perfon. to impofe a fine or penalty upon fuch porter or other perfon not exceeding the fum of twenty (hillings nor lei's than five (hillings.

X.	And be it further enaffed, That if any perfon to whom any fuch box, bafket, package, parcel, trufs, game, or other article as aforefaid, fhall be directed, fhall, upon the delivery thereof, negleft or ref life to pay to the porter or other perfon employed to deliver the fame the money juftly due for the carriage thereof, and alfo due for the porterage or delivery thereof, according to the rates aforefaid, or for the Warehoufe-room thereof, as the cafe may be, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any juftice of the peace within whofe jurifdi&ion fuch negleft or refufal fhall be made, or the perfon charged with fuch offence (hall refide, irpon complaint thereof made, to grant a warrant to bring before him the perfon againft whom fuch complaint (hall be made, and upon proof thereof, made upon oath, (which oath fuch juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter), to award reafonable fatisfa&ion to the party grieved, for his damage and cofts, and for his lofs of time in recovering the fame, and oil non-payment of the fum fo awarded, by warrant under his hand and feal, to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender, rendering to fuch offender the overplus of fuch diftrefs, if any there be, after deducing the charges of making the fame.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no perfon (ball be profecuted for any offence againft this a<ft, unlefs information of fuch

f f j	offence

Hosted by Google

452*

Public Local and Perfonal A£ls [1800.

Offence be given to a juftice of the peace within fourteen days next after the commi(lion of fuch offence.

XII.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aCt contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to authorife the employment of any porter or other perfcn in the porterage or delivery of parcels within the city of London contrary to the laws and ufages of the faid city.

XIII.	And, for the fpeedy recovery of all and every the penalties and forfeitures which fhall be incurred under this a (ft, be it further enaCted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any one or more juftice orjuftices of the peace within whofe jurifdiCtion any offence or offences againft this aCt fliall be committed, or the perfon charged with fuch offence fhall re-fide, upon complaint or information to him or them made, to fummon the party or parties accufed, and alfo the witneffes on either fide, to appear before him or them at a certain time and place in fuch fummons to be fpecified, and upon the appearance of the party or parties accufed, or in default of his, her, or their appearance according to fuch fummons, (due proof being made of the fervice of fuch fummons), to proceed to hear and determine the matter in a fummary way, and upon due proof made of the oftVnce, either by the voluntary confefiion of the party or parties accufed, or by the oath oV one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, (which oath or oaths the faid juftice or juftices is or are empowered to adminifter), to convict the party or parties, and to award and adjudge the penalties im-pofed by this aCt to be paid by fuch offender or offenders, together with reafonable cofts and charges attending fuch con vision, and upon nonpayment of the fum fo awarded, either immediately or at fuch time as the faid juftice cr juftices fhall appoint, not exceeding feven days, fuch juftice or juftices before whom fuch conviction fhall be had is or are hereby empowered and authorifed to iffue his or their warrant for apprehending fuch offender ; and in cafe fuch offender fhall efcape or go out of the jurifdiCtion of fuch juftice or juftices, it fhall and may be lawful for any other juftice of the peace of the county or place where fuch offender fliall be found, by indorsement of fuch warrant, to authorife the execution thereof within the jurifdiCtion of fuch juftice, and the juftice or juftices who granted fuch warrant may, upon the offender being brought before him or them, commit fuch offender to forhe public prifon or houfe of correction of the city, county, or place in which fuch offence fhall have been committed, or fuch offender fhall have refided, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any term not exceeding one calendar month or lefs than fourteen days from the day of every fuch commitment, unlefs fuch offender fhall fooner pay the fum to be mentioned in every fuch warrant of commitment.

XSV. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or perfons fhall be fummoned as a witnefs or witneffes to give evidence before any fuch juftice or juftices of the peace touching any matter contained in this a<t, and fhall have had a reafonable fum of money paid or tendered to him for his | lofs of time and expences, and fhall neglect or refute to appear at the 1 time and place for that purpofe appointed, without a reafonable excufe for fuch his or their negleCt or refufal, to be allowed of by fuch juftice or juftices, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit or pay for every fuch offence any fum not exceeding forty fhillings nor lefs than twenty {hillings, to be levied and paid in'fuch manner and by fuch means as hereinbefore directed with refpeCt to other penalties ; and if any perfon or perfons fummoned as a-witnefs or witneffes to give evidence as aforefaid fliall appear at the time and place for that purpofe appointed, but fhall refufe to an-fwer any lawful queftions fuch juftice or juftices may think proper to put to him, fuch jultice or juftices may commit every futh perfon to fome prifon or houfe of correction of the city, county, or place within the jurifdiCtion of fuch juftice or juftices, for any time not exceeding fourteen days from the time of every fuch commitment.

XV. And be it further enaCted, That the juftice or juftices of the peace before whom any offender fhall be convicted as aforefaid fhall caufe the faid conviction to be made out in the following form of words, or in anjir form of words to the fame effeCt \ (that is to fay),

To

Hosted by Google

453

i8oo.]

To wit

•r

39 Geo. III. c. 58*.

>E it remembered, That on this	day	of

h in the	year	of	his majefty King

A. B. is convicted before me (or us)	one (or two) of his Majefty’s

juftices of the peace for the city of London, (or tor the city and liberty of JVeflminfler, or for the county of	as	the cafe 7nay be,) for that

the faid A. B. on the	day	of	now	laft	paft	did,

contrary to the ftatute in that cafe made and provided [here fate the offence againf the acf] ; and I (or we) do declare and adjudge, that the laid A. B. hath forfeited the Turn of	of	lawful money of Great

Britain for the offence aforefaid. Given under my hand and feal, (or our hands and feals), the day and year aforefaid.'’

And the faid juftice or juftices before whom fuch conviction fhall be had fliall. certify the fame to the next generator quarter feffions of the peace to be holden for the city, county, liberty, or place wherein fuch conviction was had, to be filed and kept amonglt the records of the faid general or quarter feffions, and fuch conviction fhall be good and valid in the law to all intents and purpofes, and fhall not be quaffied, let alide, or judged void or in fufficient for want of form only, and (hall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majefty’s court of King's bench, but ihall be deemed and taken to be final to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XVI.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaCted, That all and every perfon and perfons who ffiall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement or determination of any fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid, may appeal to the juftices of the peace for the city, liberty, county, or place where fuch judgement ffiall be given, at their then next general or general quarter feffions of the peace, unlels fuch next general or general quarter feffions of the peace ffiall happen to be holden within fix days next alter any fuch conviClion, and in luch cafe fuch perfon or perfons may appeal to the fecond general or general quarter feffions of the peace which ffiall be holden for any luch city, liberty, county, or place next after any fuch conviction, but no fuch appeal ihall be received, heard, or determined unlefs the appellant or appellants ihall firft enter into a recognizance with two lufficient lureties, before fuch juftice or juftices fo convicting as aforefaid, in the fum of ten pounds each, to appear and profecute every fuch appeal with effect; and the juftices of the peace at fuch general or general quarter feffions of the peace are hereby autho-rifed and required on every fuch appeal being made, and on reasonable notice thereof given to the other party, finally to hear and determine the. matter of every fuch appeal, and to nuke fuch order and to award fuch cofts therein as they in their difcretion ihall fee meet, and which faid order and determination fliall be final and conclufive to all parties, and no Certiorari ihall be allowed to remove any luch proceedings or determination.

XVII.	And be it further enaCted, That one moiety of the penalties by this aCl impofed fliall,-when recovered, go and be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall profecute to conviClion any fuch offender or offenders, and the other moiety to the poor of the panffi in which the offence ihall be committed.

XVIII.	And be* it further enaCted, That no perfon ffiall be fued or profecuted for any thing done in purfuanee and m execution of this a cl after the expiration of fix months from the time when the offence was committed, and every fuch fuit or profecution ihall be brought in the city, county, or place where fuch offence fliall have been committed, and not elfewhere ; and every perfon fo fued fliall and may plead the general iifue (not guilty), and may give this aCt and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if a verdiCt ffiall be found for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff ffiall become non-fuited or dif-continue his aCtion after the defendant ffiall have appeared, or if judgement ffiall be given upon a demurrer again ft the plaintiff or plaintiff's, the defendant or defendants in every fuch aCtion fliall receive double cofts, and have the like remedy for the lame as defendants have in other cafes for the recovery of their colts.

F F 3	XIX.	And

Hosted by

Google

454*	' Public Local and Perfonal Ads , [1800.

XIX.	And be it further enatfed, That this atf: fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick abt, and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perlons whomfoever, without fpecially ' pleading the fame.

Cap. 69.

An aft for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the port of London.—[July 12, 1799.]

Preamble.	THE	REAS confiderable difadvantages to the trade of the port

VV °f London arife from the circuitous courfe of the river Thames round the traft of lands called The Ifle of Dogs: and whereas, from the very great and progrejfive increafe of the number and fixe of Jhips and other veffels trading to the port ^London, the river Thames, in the /aid ports is, in general, fo much crowded with flipping, lighters, and other craft, that the navigation of a confiderable part of the faid river is rendered tedious and dangerous ; and there is much want of room in the faid port, for the fafe and convenient mooring of veffels and accefs to them : and whereas great inconveni-cncies are alfo experienced in the faid port, for want of regulations concerning the navigating and mooring of veffels in the fame: and vohereas want of accomniodation for the landing and flipping of goods, wares, and merchandize, has for fome years pajl been experienced, by reafon of the confined and crowdedfate of the legal quays in or belonging to the faid port: and whereas great delays, accidents, damages, Ioffes, and extraordinary expences, are fuflained from the aforefaid taufes, to the hindrance of commerce, and the great injury of the pub-lick revenue: and whereas the faid evils might, in a confiderable degree, be remedied, if a navigable canal for /hips and other veffils, were made acrofs the faid Ifle of Dogs, between Blackwall and Limehoufe Hole, and if proper meajures were adopted for the better navigating and mooring of /hips and other veffels in the river Tnames; and aljo if good and fvfficient wet docks and bafons were made in fome part or parts of the faid Ifle of Dogs, with quays, wharfs, and warthoifes attached thereto, for the reception, aifcharge, and loading of /hips and veffels in the Weft India trade: but inafmuch as the jams cannot be effected without the aid and authority of parliament, way it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it maybe enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the au-Common thority of the fame, That the mayor, aldermen, and commons powered to* of the city of London, in common council aflembled, fhall be, make a navi- and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, by themfelves, gable canal their committees, agents, workmen, and fervants, to defign, acrois the Ifle layout, make, maintain, and fupport, according to fuch plan q Doga. or pjans> ancj jn fuch manner and form as they fhall approve of, a navigable canal with proper and neceflary cuts, flood gates, and other works adjoining or belonging thereto, to be fituated in and pafs through the faid. trabl ot land called The Ifle of Dogs> in the hamlet of Poplar and Blackwall, and parifh of Stebonheath,

ptherwife

Hosted by Google

i8oo.]

39 Qeo. III. c. 69*.

455*

otherwife Stepney, within the Tovjer divifion of the county of Middlefex, commonly called The Tower Hamlets, and to communicate with the river Thames, at or near Blackwall aforefaid, and alfo at or near a place called Limehoufe Hole> fo as to open, provide, and afford, a fafe, ready, and convenient navigable courfe, and paffage, for (hips and other veflels, acrofs the faid JJle of Dogs.

II.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the Power to faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afiem- ^^ack bled, to build, repair, and maintain, two or more piers within Limehoufe*11 the tide way of the river Thames, at or near Blackwall aforefaid. Hole, to faci-and two or more piers within the tide way of the faid river, at litate the en-or near Limehoufe Hole aforefaid, to the intent that fhips, and Ranees into other veflels, may fafely and conveniently enter into and go out1 e caQa *

of the faid canal: provided neverthelefs, That fuch piers fhall not be built fo as to injure the navigation of the faid river.

III.	Line of canal docks, &c. to be according to the plan and book of reference, without deviation, unlefs with the confent of parties mterefted in the lands.

IV.	Power to enter lands, and furvey, defign, and fet out.

V.	Powers to lupply the canal with water from the Thames; and for that purpofe to make foughs, aqueducts, See. and to cleanfe watercourfes and raife the banks thereof j and to make watering places for cattle; and to dig, remove, and carry away earth. Sec. and to build bridges, flood gates, toll houfes, &c. and to divert and alter ways, bridges. See. and to lay and work materials on the adjoining grounds; and to make bricks, and take fand from the river; and to make or alter fences, Sec. and to make towing paths, See. and to make and do all other things neceilary,

&c. doing as little damage as may be, and making fatisfadion tor damages.

VI.	Power to arch over, fill up, or alter fewers and drains, and to build new ones under the diredion of the commiflioners of fewers for the Tower Hamlets. Such new fewers to be vetted in and under the diredion of the commiflioners of fewers.

VII.	Power to make and maintain draw and fvvivel bridges.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for Power to

the faid mayor, aldejmen, and commons, in common council build on, flop aflembled, to caufe to be built upon, flopped up, or inclofed,	ole»

any of the prefent ftreets, courts, alleys, ways, or pafiages, and Greets, and void ground, adjoining, or which fhall adjoin, to the faid works, alfo courts, and now or heretofore ufed as ways or pafiages, or any part or

parts thereof, which fhall appear to the faid mayor, aldermen, iet°the and commons, in common council aflembled, proper to be built ground, upon, flopped up, or inclofed, for any of the purpofes of this a<5!; and to fell and difpofe of, or let the ground and foil thereof, to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, for fuch ufes as they fhall think proper, fo as the money arifing by fuch fale or fales, or letting, be applied to the purpofes of this a6l.

IX.	Power to repair works damaged by floods.

X.	Power to fcour the canal, See. Remove wrecks of (hips, &c.

XI.	Power to cleanfe adjoining watercourfes, at the land owner’s ex-pence.

XII.	The common council in making the faid works are not to prejudice or obftrud the works of the Welt India dock company.

XIII.	Houfes, buildings, or mooring chains, are not to be taken, altered, Scc. till paid for.

XIV. And

Hosted

F F 4

Common council empowered to purchale houfes, lands, &c. within certain limits, on and near the Ifle.of

Public Local and Perfonal A<£ts [1800.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That it {hall be lawful for the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aftembled, and they are hereby empowered for the purpofes in this a<5t mentioned, to treat and agree with the owners and occupiers thereof, and other perfons interefted therein, for the purchale of all fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of what nature or kind foever, in or near the hamlet of Poplar and Blackwall, and parifh of Stebonheath, other-wife Step?iey aforefaid, and in the parifh of Saint Ann, Limehoufe, in the faid county of Middlefex, as they or the faid TVefi India dock company, fhall judge neceflary to be purchafed, employed, taken down,’ removed, altered, or made ufe of in and about the works or concerns of the faid canal, docks, bafons, cuts, fluices, quays, or wharfs, warehoufes, and other works, by this a£t authorifed to be made, as herein is mentioned, or any of them, or enlarging or improving the fame refpedtively, fo as the houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo to be treated or agreed for, or purchafed, (hall be refpectively fituated, or (hall arife or be within the boundary line or limits next herein-after defcribed ; (that is to fay). Within a boundary line formed by and coinciding with the bank or (hore of the river Thames, from the fouth weft corner of the dock yard and premifes at Blackwall, belonging to and in the occupation of John Perry, along the faid river upwards, according to the circuitous courfe thereof, round and including the eaft, fouth, and weft (ides of the faid IJle of Dogs, up to the north-weft corner of a dock called The Lime Kiln Dock, at or near Limehoufe Hole aforefaid, and from thence extending eaftward along the north-weft fide of and including the fame lime kiln dock, as far as the north-eaft corner thereof, and from thence extending eaftward along the north brink or fide of and including the common fewer there, as far as* the north-eaft corner of a field belonging to and now in the occupation of Thomas Drain, and from thence turning fouthward along and including a drain at the eaft end of the faid field, as far as the fouth-weft extremity of the gardens or garden grounds lying on the eaft fide of the fame laft-mentioned drain, and then turning eaftward acrofs a way or paftage there, called Dingle's Laney and along the north fide of a field belonging to and in the occupation of William Shelton, up to a road called Gut Lane, and then returning fouthward along the eaft fide of the faid road, as far as the north-weft corner of'a field belonging to and in the occupation of William Newby; and from thence extending eaftward ^long the north fide of the fame field, and along the backs or fouth boundaries of the gardens belonging to the houfes there {landing on the fouth fide of the ftreet called Poplar Street, as far as the north end of the rope manufactory, called Perry's Rope Ground, fituated on the weft fide of the ftreet called Blackwall Gaujeway, and continuing eaftward along the north end of, and including the faid rope grounds, to the north-eaft corner thereof, and continuing further eaftward in the fame line acrofs a row of (beds, or other buildings there* into the faid ftreet, and from

;hence

Hosted by Google

iSoo.]	39	Geo.	III.	c.	69*.

thence returning fouthward along the weft fide of Blackwall Caufe-way aforefaid, as far as fuch place or fpot on the faid weft fide as is oppofite to the north-weft corner of a meftuage and pre-mifes on the eaft fide of the faid ftreet or caufe way, in the occupation of Edward Dounce, and then crofting the laid ftreet or caufeway at right angles, and going eaftward along the north end or boundary of the laft mentioned meftuage and premifes, to the north-eaft corner thereof, and then returning fouthward along the backs or eaft boundaries of and including the meffuages and premifes there, in the refpedlive occupations of Edward Dounce and Thomas Berry, and then returning eaftward along the north fide, and up to the north-eaft corner of the meftuage and premifes in the occupation of Richard Beefom, and then turning and proceeding fouthward in a diredt line to the fouth-eaft corner of the meftuage and premifes in the occupation of Robert Jackfon, and from thence continuing fouthward in a diredt line to the north-eaft corner of the warehoufes belonging to and in the occupation of captain Pelley, and from thence continuing fouth-ward along the backs or eaft boundaries of the fame warehoufes and premifes down to the adjoining wharf and premifes, belonging to and in the occupation of Thomas Newte, and then turning eaftward along the north end, and fouthward along the eaft fide of the laft mentioned premifes, down to the river Thames, at the fouth-weft corner of the aforefaid dock yard and premifes belonging to and in the occupation of John Perry.

XV.	No perfon compellable to fell part of his premifes, if willing to fell the whole, unlefs in certain cafes,

XVI.	Power of purchafing limited to five years.

XVII.	When parties refufe, or are unable to treat, See. the court of mayor and aldermen to iflue a precept for impanelling a jury ; who are to be drawn as the a<d of 3 Geo. 2. dire&s. Jurymen may be challenged.

Jury to aflefs the value on oath. Verdid: of the jury, &c. to be final. Previous notice being given to parties intevefted.

XVIII.	The juftices at general or quarter fefiions empowered to impqfe fines for non-attendance, Sec.

XIX.	Bodies politick, Sec. truftees, and other perfons, empowered to fell and convey lands, Sec.

XX.	Bargains and fales to have the force of fines and recoveries.

XXI.	Upon payment of the value agreed for, or aflefied, the premifes to be conveyed to the corporation of London. When a good title cannot be made, or legal conveyances executed, or the parties are not to be found, Sec. court to order the purchafe money to be paid into the bank, Sec. fubjed: to the order of the court of chancery on motion or petition.

XXII.	Mortgagees, on tender of principal and intereft, to convey.

On refufal intereft to ceafe.

XXIII.	Upon payment of mortgage money into the bank, premifes to veft in the corporation.

XXIV.	Verdid:s and judgements, and receipts of cafhiers of the bank, to be entered among the records. Immediately after verdid:s, judgements, payments, See. premifes to veft in the city.

XXV.	Purchafe money of premifes belonging to incapacitated perfons,

&c. to be inverted in the purchafe of other premifes to be fettled to the like ufes ; and in the mean time fuch money to be paid into the bank, and laid out in navy, vidmalling, or exchequer bills, in the name of the accountant general. But if fuch money be iefs than one hundred pounds, and not lefs than twenty pounds, the fame to be paid to fuch perfons as the parties entitled fhall appoint, in truft, to be inverted in the purchafe

of

Hosted by Google

458*	Public	Local	and	Perfonal	Ads	[1800.

of other premifes to be fettled to the like ufes 5 and in the mean time, fuch monies to be placed out on fecurities in the names of truftees, for the benefit of the parties entitled.

XXVI.	Perfons having any right, Sec. to enter their claims within a limited time, or be barred j

XXVII.	But may recover the purchafe money, &c. from perfons receiving the fame.

XXVIII.	Tenants at will, See. to deliver pofleffion on fix months notice.

XXIX.	Monies to be paid, or tendered, before any ufe made of the

premifes.

XXX.	The mefluages, lands, 5cc. to be purchased, and the canal, buildings, See. to be made and built by the common council, are to be vetted in the corporation. Corporation empowered to profecute in €a(e of damaees done to the works.

Power to let, fell, 5cc. any buildings, lands. Sec. not neeeffary for the puvpofcs of this act;

and to ufe or fell oM materials ;

and to grant licences for building on parts of the greets, &c.

XXXI. And be it further ena61ed, That it fhali be lawful for the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afiembled, to let, fell, or difpoie of, or caufe to be let, fold, or difpofed of, all or any part or parts of fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fo to be purchafed as afore-faid, as may not be necefiary to be retained for, and laid into, or made ufe of, in making, completing, fupporting, maintain-ing, preserving, and managing the canal, docks, bafons, cuts. Unices, quays, wharfs, warehoufes, and other the faid intended works hereby authorifed to be made, together with all or any part or parts of the eredfions, buildings, and improvements, which (hall-be built and made in or upon the fame refpedtively, to fuch perfon or perfons as fhali be willing to contract, agree for, rent, or purchafe the fame, in fuch manner, upon fuch terms, and for fuch confiderations as the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afiembled, fhali from time to time judge proper and think mofi: advantageous; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXII.	And be it further enadfed, That the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afiembled, lhall and may ufe, or caufe to be ufed, all or any part of the old materials of houfes and other buildings, to be taken down, removed, or altered refpedfively, purfuant to this a61, in or about the making and finifhing of the aforefaid canal, cuts, new buildings, and other works, or any of them, hereby authorifed to be made or done by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons; or the fame materials, or any part thereof, fhali and may fell, or caufe to be fold, as they fhali think fit.

XXXIII.	And whereas it may be proper to build houfes, or parts of houfes, on forne parts of the prefent Jlreets, ways, or pnjfages, intended to be altered or flopped up by virtue of this ait: be it there^ fore further enadfed. That it fhali be lawful for the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afiembled, for and in confideration gf fuch fum or fums of money, or yearly rent or rents, as they fhali think reafonable, to grant unto the owner or owners of the freehold and inheritance of the ho ufe or houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, next adjoining in front to the faid ground to be purchafed, licence or licences, under the common feal of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens,

of

Hosted by GoOglC

i8oo.]	39	Geo.	III. c. 69*.	459*

of the faid city of London, to build upon and inclofe To much of

the ground, and foil in the front of the faid refpetftive houfe or

houles, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as they the

faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, (hall judge fit and proper

to be built upon; and the ground and foil fo built upon in pur-	/

fuance of fuch licence or licences, fhall for ever, or for or during

the time or term to be expreffed in fuch licence or licences, and

fubjedt to the conditions therein to be contained, be annexed to

the adjoining freehold ; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary

notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	Monies arifing by leafes, fales, or licences, to be appropriated to the purpofes of this ad.

XXXV.	And whereas the right honourable Peter lord Gwydir, by virtue of and under certain letters patent, granted to him by the King’s mojl excellent majefly, is entitled to the feveral mooring chains in the river Thames, between London Bridge and Bugby’s Hole, therein deferibed or mentioned, for the term of years, and fubjeft to the yearly rent therein expreffed: and whereas it is expedient for the purpofes of this aft, that all the eflates, terms, and inter efts, of the faid Peter lord Gwydir, and his affigns, in the faid mooring chains, fhould be afignedorfurrendered to his Majefly : be it therefore further enabled,

That the faid Peter lord Gwydir and his affigns (hall, and they Lord Gwy^

are hereby required, within fix months next after the palling of ^

this abl, and upon receiving fuch compenfation or fatisfabfion as chains°tolbf

is herein-after direbted to be made to him and them, legally and affigned and

effebtually to afllgn and furrender to the King’s majefty, his heirs furrendered

and fucceflors, all fuch mooring chains, and rights and interefts to lus Ma-

relating to or concerning mooring chains, as are comprifed in J

and expreffed or intended to be granted and aemiled by the laid

letters patent, and all the fees, dues, profits, and advantages	,

thereof, and all the eftates, terms, and interefts, of the faid Peter

lord Gwydir, and his affigns, of and in the fame refpeefively, to

the intent that fuch eftates, terms, and interefts, may be thereby

merged and extinguiftied ; and in confideration thereof there (hall

be' paid to the faid Peter lord Gwydir, and his affigns, from and

out of the fund called The confolidated Fund, fuch compenfation

or fatisfablion in refpebt of the fame mooring chains and premifes

as is herein-after mentioned in that behalf.

XXXVI.	After the furrender of the mooring chains, all rents and dues in re'tpedt thereof to ceafe.

XXXVII.	Common council empowered to remove and alter the prefent mooring chains, and place others, under the infpebtion and approbation of the Trinity Houfe.

XXXVIII.	And whereas the jhips in the Weft India- trade fre- Recitals,

quently arrive at the port ^London in large fleets, andoccafion great	the

crowding, confufion, and damage therein; and their cargoes being

carried in lighters to the legal quays, cai fe upon the faid quays, and in docks,°&c. the paffage thither, great obflruftions, inconvenience, and delay, and\w the Ifle of are expojed to pilfering and fraud, whereby the ovoners Juftain great	tLe

. lofts, and the publick revenue is much 'injured: and whereas if good and (hipping ^ fuftfleient wet docks were made in the [aid Iffe of Dogs, with legal * quays and wharfs^ and alfo warehoufes attached thereto^for the reception

Hosted by Google

460*	Public	Local	and	Perfonal	Ads	[1800.

tion and difcharge of Jkips and other veffels in the Weft India trade, great additional room, and much accommodation would be thereby given ~ to the reji of the flipping ufwg the faid port, and the Weft India produce might be effectually Jecured from lofs by theft, or other caufes, and the publick revenue greatly benefited', and it is therefore expedient that fuel? docks, with legal quays and wharfs, and warehoufes attached thereto, and other works and conveniences for the ufe of flips and veffels employed in the Weft India trade,fiould be forthwith made and e/tab lifted: and whereas the feveral per Jons next herein-after named have agreed to be original members of and to form a company for that purpoje,jointly with Juch other perfons as fiall hereafter become original members thereof and have entered into a jubfeription towards raifing the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, as a capital, or jointflock or fund, for carrying into execution and completing the fame works and improvements herein after more particularly mentioned.

Karnes of fubfevibers. who, with the perfons hereafter to become fubfevibers, towards railing five hundred thoufand pounds, are tobe united into a company of proprietors of the intended docks and their appurtenances, to be ltyled, 44 The Weft India Dock Company/’

XXXIX. Sum fo fubferibed to be confidered as a capital or joint flock. Stock to oe deemed perfonal eftate, and tranfmifiible as fuch.

XL. The proprietors empowered to fell and transfer their ftock.

XLI No perfons anfwerable for more than their refpe&ive ftock.

XL1I. Company to pay five p.r cent, as intereft or dividends on the monies fubferibed, until the docks and the works which fhall belong thereto, fhall be completed, and afterwards intereft or dividends not exceeding ten pounds per centum.

XLIII. The company may increafe their ftock to fix hundred thoufand pounds.

XLIV\ The company's directors empowered to audit accounts of receivers; and to make calls on the proprietors, not exceeding ten per cent, oftener than two months. Perfons neglecting to comply with fuch calls, to forfeit five per cent, and may oe fued for their rdpeCtive fhares by the company; and if fo neglecting for three calendar months, may either be fo fued, or, at the option of the directors, to forfeit all their fhare and intereft in the faid undertaking, in favour of reft of the proprietors.

,	XLV.	No	advantage	of	any forfeiture to be taken until notice, nor unlefs

the lame be declared forfeited at a general meeting. Perfons fo forfeiting indemnified againft aCtions fubfequent thereto.

XLVI. RepreTentatives of proprietors before call (no provifion being made for the fame) charged therewith as debtors ; but on refufal or neg-leCt to anfwer fuch call, company empowered to admit other perfons as proprietors in their ftead, on re-payment of all monies advanced by fuch deceafed proprietor.

XLVI1. Firft meeting of the company to be within thirty days after pafting this aCt; publick notice thereof in the Gazette and other newl'pa-pers. Subfequent general meetings to be within the city of London. No meeting held at lefs than feven days notice, both days inclufive. ^th^^rec-* XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That within one calendar tors of the	month next after the pafting of this aCt the faid company fhall, at

fhid company, their firft or feme fubfequent meeting, choofe and appoint, by bal-and ofthe	lot, thirteen perfons of the members of the faid company, who

and demt	refpe(^vety	poflefled	of	at	leaft	two	thoufand	pounds	of	the

chairman ^	faid capital ftock, and alfo eight other perfons, four of whom

*	fhall be aldermen of the city of London, and the remaining four

common

Hosted by Google

461*

*8oo.]	39	Geo.	III.	c.	69*.

common councilmen of the faid city ; and that filch twenty-one perfons fo to be nominated and appointed fhall be, and be called the directors for conducing and managing the affairs and bufi-nefs of the faid company ; and they the faid directors fhall choofe and ele£t from among themfelves two perfons, to be the chairman and deputy chairman of the meetings of the faid directors, and of the general meetings of the faid company, and fhall and may meet at fuch places within the city of London, and at fuch who fhall time or times as the major part of fuch dire£tors fo aflembled, the directors prefent not being lefs than five, fhall deem conve- times for nient, for executing the powers given them by this a 6\ • and if their meet-it fhall fo happen, that at any meeting of the faid directors, or at inSs> any general meeting of the faid company, neither the chairman nor deputy chairman fo to be chofen as aforefaid (hall attend, it fhall be lawful for the major part of the directors then prefenr, to appoint a chairman for that oceafion ; and fuch directors lb to be appointed as aforefaid, fhall continue in office until others	con”

fhall be chofen in their Heads, as herein-after is mentioned, *'>thers he unlefs any fuch director or directors refpe6Hvely fhall die, or be chofen in their removed, or any of the perfons who fhall have been fo chofen Heads, unlefs directors from amongfl the members of the faid company, fhall ^ey |h^M*er difpofe of his or their refpeclive (hare or fhares or intereft in the ordTfmialfhed. faid flock, fo as to reduce the fame to lefs than the faid fum of two thoufand pounds, or any of the aldermen or common councilmen, who fnall have been appointed as aforefaid, lhall ceafe to be an alderman or common councilman ; in any of which cafes a new or other director in the room of every fuch director fo dying, being fo removed, or having difpofed of his or their faid flock, or ceafing to be an alderman or common councilman, fhall be appointed by the faid company, from time to time, as oceafion may require, in fuch and the fame manner, and according to or under fuch conditions and reflri&ions, as the director or directors fo dead, removed, or difqualified, fhall have been, or ought to have been, appointed; and fuch new director or diredtors fo to be appointed as lafl-mentioned, ill a 11 continue in office for fuch time or refpe6live times, and ho longer, as the director or directors in whofe Head he or they (hall be fo refpe&ively appointed ought to have continued in office, if fuch death or deaths, removal, or difqualification, had not happened.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That five A certain at leafl of the faid twenty-one directors fhall go out of office in rotation every year, and five others fhall be appointed to fucceed ou^of office*0 them in manner following, that is to fay ; Three of thofe who fnall yearly, and have been appointed of and out of the members of the faid others ap-company, (hall go out of office every year, and the faid company ]^nte4 ^ (hall appoint by ballot to fucceed them, three other perfons of uccee em* the members of the faid company, who fhall be refpedlively poflefi'ed of at lead two thoufand pounds of the faid capital flock; and one alderman and one common councilman, being two others of the faid dire<5tors who fhall have been fo appointed as aforefaid, fhall alfo go out of office every year, and the faid company

Hosted by Google

Two general meetings to be held yearly.

Qualification of voters at the general meetings.

Limitation to four votes.

Queftions decided by vote.

Public Local and Perfonal Afts [1800.

pany (hall appoint by ballot another alderman and another common councilman to fucceed them : provided alfo, That none of the faid directors to be appointed under this aft fhalbcontinue longer in the faid office of direftor than four fucceeding years, and therefore, and in order that the longer continuance of any of them in office, may be prevented, four at leafl of thofe direftors who (hall have been appointed of and out of the members of the faid company, fhall go out of office in rotation every fourth year, and the faid company fhall appoint by ballot to fucceed them four other perfons, of the members of the faid company, who fhall be refpeftively pofTefTed of at leafl two thoufand pounds of the faid capital flock ; and in regard that the faid rotations cannot take place during the firfl three years after the parting of this aft, the direftors, who are to go out of office as aforefaid, at the end of each of the fame three years, fhall be afcertained and known by drawing lots for that purpofe, at any of the meetings of the faid direftors, in fuch fair and proper manner as the faid direftors fhall, in their difcretion, agree to and approve of: provided alfo, That the perfons who fhall have ferved the faid office of direftor fhall, if otherwife properly qualified, be eligible to be re-chofen, after having been out of the faid office for one year.

L. And be it further enafted, That two general meetings of the faid Wejl India dock company, at leaft, (hall be held yearly, whereof one fhall be in the firfl week of the month of January, and the other in the firfl week of the month of July, in every year; and fuch notices thereof refpeftively fhall be given and fixed up as aforefaid.

LI. Any nine proprietors may requeft an extraordinary general meeting to be called, by notice to the clerk or treafurer.

LII. And be it further enafted, That every perfon, or body politick or corporate, his, her* or their fucceflors, executors, ad-minifirators, or affigns, who fhall be a proprietor or proprietors of five hundred pounds and upwards of the faid flock, and lefs than two thoufand pounds, fhall have one vote at every general meeting of the laid company; or proprietor or proprietors of two thoufand pounds or upwards, and lefs than five thoufand pounds of the faid flock, two votes at every fuch meeting; or proprietor or proprietors of five thoufand pounds of the faid flock and upwards, and lefs than ten thoufand pounds, three votes at every fuch meeting; or proprietor or proprietors of ten thoufand pounds and upwards of the faid flock, four votes, and no more, in every general meeting to be held by the faid company by virtue of this aft ; which vote or votes may be given by any body or bodies politick or corporate, by their attorney or reprefentative lawfully authoriled for fuch purpofe; but no perfon fhall hold more than one power of attorney, or be the reprefentative of more than one fuch body; nor fhall any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, not entitled refpeftively to five hundred pounds or upwards of the faid flock, have any vote or votes at any fuch meeting ; and every queflion, matter, or thing, which fhall be propofed, difcufled, or confidered in any general meeting of the

Hosted by Google

463*

i8oo.]	39	Geo.	III.	c. 69*.

Taid company, to be held by virtue of this adl, fhal! be finally determined by the majority of votes then prefent ; arid if fuch votes Chairman to fhall be equal, the chairman prefiding at fuch meeting (hall have	ca^~

the calling vote, although he dial! have given his vote or votes s ’ as proprietor or ftockholder; and every queftion, if required by ?r by'ballot, any five or more perfons having votes, (hall be determined by ballot, to be entered upon and completed forthwith, in which to have the*1 cafe the chairman for the time being fhall in like manner have a calling vote, cafling vote.

LIU.	If the corporation of London fhall be proprietors of part of the faid Hock, the common council to appoint one per ton for every tboufand pounds of fuch flock to be a reprefentative for tre purpofe of voting for the corporation at the general meetings ; and each inch reprefentative to have one vote only ; and on the death, removal, &c. of any fuch reprefen-tatives, the common council to appoint others inftead ; and if the corporation difpofe of part of the flock, the number of fuch reprefentatives is to be lefiened in due proportion,

LIV.	Qualification to vote by twelve months poffeflion of flock.

LV. Five of the directors to be a quorum at their meetings. Queflions to be decided by a majority. 4

LVI. And be it further enabled, That the faid diredlors and Directors their fucceffors, fo from time to time to be nominated and ap-pointed as aforefaid, fhall be, and they are hereby authorifed and docks 8cc. empowered by themfelves, their agents, workmen, and fervants, on the Ifleof within the fpace of five years from and after the pafiiog of this adf, to defign, lay out, make, and complete, according to fuch plan or plans, and in fuch manner and form as they (half approve of, one or more navigable dock or docks, bafon or bafons, and cut or cuts, with quays or wharfs, and warehoufes adjoining, or attached to the fame, or to any part or parts thereof, to be fituated in fuch part of the faid tradl of land called The IJle of Dogs, as fhall be to the northward of the faid intended canal, and on part of the ground herein-before authorifed and directed to be purchafed for, and conveyed to, or veiled in the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their fucceffors, and to communicate with the river Thames at or near Lime-houfe Hole aforefaid, and alfo at or near Blackwall aforefaid.

LVII. And be it further enabled. That the faid directors fhall Diredlors aland may alfo build, or caufe to be built, from time to time, fuch bmfd^ua^ and fo many quays, wharfs, and warehoufes as they fhall think	war^^

neceftary and proper, along the banks of, or adjoining or near houfes adjoin-the faid feveral intended docks and bafons refpeclively, laft herein- ing the docks before authorifed to be made, or any of them, convenient and an<J hafjns. fufficient for the trade and bufinefs of the docks, and for the landing and difeharging, lading arid fhippingof any goods, wares, or merchandife, that fhall or may, at any time or times, be legally landed or fhipped at the faid quays or wharfs.

LVIIl. And be it alfo enabled, That fuch of the faid docks as A wall and fhall be ufed for the unloading of fhips, together with the quays, ditch to be warehoufes, and other buildings to be made and built upon or ^dVmund near the banks thereof, fhall be furrounded and enclofed by a the dock for jftrong and durable brick or flone wall, not'lefs than thirty feet unloading high on all fides, leaving only proper fpaces in Juch wall for the ibips, andfo

Hosted by

Google

Public Local and Perfonal Ads [1800.

cuts and other necefTary entrances into fuch dock; and for the proper and neeeffary gateways through the faid wall; and immediately without the faid wall, and on every part of the outfide thereof, except where it {hall adjoin any dock or bafon which may be made without the fame, there (hall be a ditch of twelve feet at lead, which fhall be always kept filled with water to the depth of not lefs than fix feet; and which faid wall and ditch the faid directors are hereby authorifed and required to build and make accordingly; and no houfe or other building (hall on any account or pretence whatfoever, be hereafter erefted on the outfide of the faid wall, and within the fpace of one hundred yards Therefrom ; and if any perfon or perfons fhall hereafter ereift any houfe or other building whatfoever, on the outfide of the faid wall, and within the laft-mentioned diftance therefrom, he, {he, or they fo offending, fhall, for fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, and alfo the further fum of fifty pounds for evpry month during which fuch offender or offenders fhall permit fuch houfe, or other building, or any of the materials thereof, to ftand or remain within that diftance from the faid wall,

and to build LIX. And be it further enacfted, That it fhall be lawful for the walhnVllime"*	directors to build, repair, and maintain two or more piers

houfe Hole to w^^*in *he tide way of the river Thames, at or near Blackwall facilitate the aforefaid, and two or more piers within the tide way of the faid entrances into river, at or near Limehoufe Hole aforefaid, to the intent that fhips, the docks,&c. barges, and other veffels, may fafely and conveniently enter into and go out1 of the faid intended docks, bafons, and cuts, laft hereby authorifed to be made: provided neverthelefs, That fuch piers fhall not be built fo as to injure the navigation of the faid river.

LX. Power to make and repair cuts, fluices, bridges, roads, &c.

LXL Drains to be made, to carry ofF water from private property.

LXJI. The directors empowered to flop up, alter, and build fewers. Such new fewers, not being within the dock walls, to be vefted in and under the direction of the com mi hi oners of fewers for the Tower Hamlet9.

LX1II. Power to the directors to make and maintain draw and fwivel bridges.

LXIV. Power to alter and divert highways.

LXV. Power to get materials, and remove obftrudlions in adjoining lands; and to lay materials on the adjoining premifes, fatisfying the owners.

LXVI Power to make bricks, and to take fand from the river.

LXVII. Perfons not to take fand from the bed of the river without written authority.

LXV1II. Power to fupply the docks, &c. with water from the river Thames, &c. and to make feeders, See. for that purpofe.

LX1X. Power to repair works damaged by floods.

LXX. Power to fcour the docks, &c. and remove wrecks, Sec.

LXXI. Power to cleanfe adjoining water-courfes, at the land owner's ex pence.

LXXII. No flips, &c. for building or repairing fhips, to be made in or adjoining the docks; nor company concerned in building or repairing fhips.

LXXIII. The making and uflng of the docks, See. not to prejudice or ob(tru<5t the canal.

LXXIV. Jnd, for more effectually enabling the faid directors to

lay

464*

clofe the quays and warehoufes;

Hosted by Google

i806v]	39	Geo.	III.	c.69*.

lay out, male and complete, and ufe and enjoy the /aid doclsy bafons* cuts,	lajl hereby authorifed to be made, tf/zd for pre-

v'toufly vefiing the land or ground whereon the fame are or fall be intended to be fituatedy a fid the fee jimple and inheritance thereof in trufees, for the benefit of the faid company ; be it further enatffed,

That asffoon as conveniently may be after the lands or grounds whereon the fame laff mentioned docks, bafons, cuts, and other ^ireftofs to6 works, are or fhall be intended to be fituated, and the fee fi'mple make the and inheritance thereof fliall be veiled in the mayor and com- docks, &c. monaity and citizens of the city of London, and their fucceffors, ^ it fhall be lawful for them, the faid mayor and commonalty and ? to noncitizens* and their fucceffors, and they are hereby authorifed andveythe required, at the cods and charges of the faid company, and by ground, fuch good and fufficient deeds, conveyances, and afTuranees in where the the law, as the faid directors, or any five or more of them, or be^huated° their council in the law, ihall advife and require, to grant, con- to fix truths vey, and affure unto fix perfons to be chofen and	appointed by in	fee,	in	truft

the faid dire&ors, or any five or more of them,	and approved	tor	the com-

of by the faid company at a general meeting, and to the heirs P*11?4 smd affigns of fuch fix perfons, fo many, or all fuch parcel or parcels, of the houfes, .buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which fhall lie or be to the northward of the faid intended canal, and beyond the diftance of one hundred feet therefrom, and which fliall be part of the ground fo as aforefaid authorifed to be purchafed in the faid Ifie of Dogsy as fhall, in the judgement of the faid directors for the time being, be proper, neceffary, and fufficient for making the fame docks, bafons, cuts, and other works ; and all the rights, members, and	appurtenances

belonging, or which fhall then belong, to the	fame houfes,

buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo to be conveyed ; to hold the fame unto and to the ufe of the faid fix perfons, their heirs and affigns for ever, or for all fuch eftates, terms, and interefts, as the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, or their fucceffors, fhall have or be entitled to therein refpedtively ; which faid fix perfons, their heirs and affigns, fhall thenceforth ftand and be feifed of and interefted in the fame, in truft for, and for the proper ufe and benefit of the faid company of proprietors, and their fucceffors, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, holding for the time being fhares in the faid flock: anffforand in confideration of the houfes,buildings, lands, tene-ments, and other hereditaments, fo to be conveyed and affured [he^ofthe as laft-mentioned, the faid company of proprietors fliall at or company to before the executing of fuch conveyance, well and truly reim- reimburfe burfe and pay to the faid mayor ana commonalty and citizens, what the cor-or their fucceffors, all fuch fum and Turns of money as they	for

fhall have paid and difburfed, as and for the purchafe money, the fame, and the other cofts and charges attending the purchafe, of the fame.

LXXV. Whenfoever, by means of death or otherwife, the number of the laft-mentioned truftees fhall become lefsthan four, the diredfors to eledt fo many others as may make up fix, to be approved of at a general

Vol, XLII.

* G c

meetmg,

Hosted by

Google

The lord mayor empowered to appoint har-buur matters:

their powers.

Public Locakand Perfonal A£ls [1800.

meeting, and then the dock premifes are to be vefted in the continuing and new truftees jointly.

LXXVL If the common council (hall for three months refufe or neglect to purchase the premifes which ought to be purchafed and conveyed to truftees for the company as aforefaid, the directors are empowered to purchafe the fame inftead of the common council; and the premifes fo to be purchafed are to be conveyed to, and vefted in, the company's truftees.

LXXVII. In cafe any of the premifes purchafed ftiall become vefted in the corporation of London, who fhall negle£t to convey the fame to the company's truftees, within two months thereafter, on tender of what the corporation fhall have paid for the fame, then the premifes fhall veil in the laid truftees, in trutt for the company, ‘as if legally conveyed.

LXXVIIf. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the lord mayor of the city of London for the time being, as confervator of the river Thames, and he is hereby required, from time to time, as occafion fhall be, to nominate and appoint under the limitations and reftri6tions herein-after mentioned, a proper perfon or proper perfons to be harbour mafter or harbour matters, of, in, and for the faid port of London, and the faid canal, and other works which fhall be made in purfuance of this acl, (except the faid docks and their appurtenances, and except fuch parts of the river Thames at Limchoufe Hole and Blackwall aforefaid, as (hall be within the diftance of two hundred yards from any entrance out of the faid river there into the works of the faid company), and to remove, fufpend, or, upon fufficient caufe, difmifs the fame ; which harbour mafter or harbour inafters (hall have full power and authority (but fubjedl to the regulations and reftrieftions herein-after exprefted) to direct the entering, mooring, unmooring, moving and removing of all (hips and other veftels, lighters,, and craft, except thofe of the faid corporation of the Trinity Houfe, coming into, lying or being in the faid port, canal, and cuts, or any of them, except the faid docks and their appurtenances, and fuch parts of the faid river as are laft herein-before excepted, as to the time or times and manner of their entrance into, lying in, or going out of the fame, and their refpedlive births, ftations, pofitions, loading and difeharg-ing therein, and the time or times of opening or (hutting the feveral gates of the faid canal; and in cafe the owner, matter, pilot, fervant, or other perfon having the charge or command, of any fhip or other veftel, except as laft aforefaid, fhall refufe or negle£t to moor, unmoor, move, or remove the fame, according to fuch dire&ion, within twelve hours after notice to him or them given in writing, or left with fome perfon or perfons on board the faid fhip or veftel for that purpofe, that then it fhall be lawful for the faid harbour mafter or harbour matters, and his or their afliftants, and fuch proper perfons as he or they may diredt, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, move, or remove fuch fhip or veftel; and the charges and expences thereof refpe&ively fhall be repaid, together with a (urn not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds for each offence, by the mafter or owner or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch fhip or veftel, and may be recovered

Hosted by Google

i86o.*

467*

by the laid mayor and commonalty and citizens, or their fuccef-fors, of the owner of fuch (hip or veflel, in cafe of ndn-payment thereof, on demand, by fuch ways and means as penalties and forfeitures are by this' a£fc to be recovered ; which faid penalty. Penalty on when recovered, fhall be paid over to the ufes hereih-after men-tioned * and in cafe any matter, commander, mate, pilot, or cailfifl£, other perfon or perfons taking the command of any (hip or other ftrii&iohs; veflel, or any other perfon or perfons virhofoever, fhall obftruft or hinder the mooring, Unmooring, moving, or removing of any (hip or other veflel in the faid port, (except alfo as laft afore-laid), or in the faid canal, or any of the faid cuts and other works, the faid docks and their appurtenances excepted* fuch perfon or perfons fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit a futn not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, to be recovered 1 and applied as herein-after is dire&ed.

LXX1X. Harbotir mafhrs to be approved of by the corporation of the Trinity Hotife, who may procure them to be removed on fufficient Caufe.

LXXX. And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for Directors* or the faid dire&ors, or any five or more of . them, and they are hereby required, from time to time, as there fhall be occafion, t0 npp0;rit a? * to nominate and appoint a proper perfon or proper perfons to be dock matter, dock maker or dock matters, he or they fir ft producing, after to beapproved being duly examined before: the faid matter, wardens, and by.the ^or-afliftants of th$ Trinity Houfe, legally aflembled, a certificate or tb°etrinity certificates from them ihe faid matter, wardens, and attiftants, of Houfe. the proper qualifications of fuch perfon or perfons to execute the office of dock matter ; and the faid directors alfo fhall or may from time to tirhe, as they fhall fee caufe, remove, fufpend, or difmifs any fuch dock matter or dock matters $ which dock matter His powers* or dock matters, fo to be from time to time appointed, fhall have full power and authority (but fubjedt to the regulations and re-ftridtions herein-after expretted) to diredf the mooring; unmooring, moving, or removing of all fliips and other veffels, lighters, and craft, coming into, lying, or being in the laid docks, and the bafons and cuts which fhall belong thereto, or any of them, and coming into, lying, or being in fuch parts of the river Thames at Limehotife Hole and Bladwall aforefaid, as fhall be within the faid dittance of two hundred yards from any entrance but of the faid river there into the works of the faid company* as to the time or times and manner of their entrance into, lying in, or going out of or from the fame docks, bafons, and cuts* and parts Of the faid river, and their pofition, loading, and dif-charging therein refpe£tively* and the time or times of opening or fhutting the feveral gates of the faid works 5 and in cafe the owner, matter* pilot, fervant, of other perfon having the charge or command of any (hip Or other veflel* fhall refufe or neglecl to moor, unmOor, move* or remove the fame according to fuch diretfion, immediately after notice to him or them given In writing, or left with fome perfoii or perfons on board the faid fhip or veflel for that purpofe, that then it fhall be lawful for the:

G O 2

faid

Hosted by

Google

468*	Public Local and Perfonal A£ts * [1800.

faid dock matter or dock matters*, or his or their afliftants, and

he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, move,

or remove fuch {hip or veffel, and the charges and expences

thereof refpedfively {hall be repaid, together with a fum not ex-

Pen alt y on ceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds for each offence,

matters, &c. by the matter or owner or other perfon having the charge or

of vyMels	command of fuch (hip or veffel, and may be recovered by the

can (ins ob-	r ,	.	; . r ^ r • i	J	r ^	1

flrudions.	trealurer for the time being of the laid company from the owner

of fuch (hip or veffel, in cafe of non-payment thereof on demand, by fuch ways and means as penalties and forfeitures are by this actt to be recovered; which laid penalty, when recovered, {hall be paid over to the ufes herein-after mentioned ; and in cafe any matter, commander, mate, pilot, or other perfon or perfons taking the command, of any (hip or other veffel, or the owner, agent, confignee, or any other perfon or perfons whofoever, {hall obftrudl or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of any (hip or other veffel in the faid docks, or in the bafons and cuts which {hall belong thereto, or in any fuch parts of the river Thames, at Limehoufe Hole and Blackwall aforefaid, as fhall be within the diftance of two hundred yards from any entrance out of the faid river there into the works of the faid company, fuch perfon or perfons {hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed : provided always, That fuch dock matter or dock matters fhall not moor, or caufe to be moored or ftationed, any (hip or veffel in fuch place or in fuch manner as (hall obttrudt or render incommodious the entrances into or out of the canal hereby autho-rifed to be made.

LXXXI. The directors may annul any orders of dock matters, and give others.

LXXXII. Orders given by the diredors, harbour matters, or dock matters, fhall not afted the refponfibility of the perfon having the charge of any (hip or veffel.

LXXXIII. The canal to be under the prGtedion of the lord mayor, as confervator of the river Thames, as if adually part of the river.

LXXX1V. Canal, new docks, &c. to be parts of the port of London, and veffels, &c. retorting thereto, to be fubjed to the feveral prefent port regulations and duties.

LXXXV. Goods, &c. landed or fhipped upon or from the intended quays or wharfs, in the new docks, fubjed to the fame regulations, Sec, as if landed or fhipped upon or from the prefent legal quays.

LXXXVI. The quaysJn fuch of the docks as fhall be walled round, are to be legal quays.

The Weft In- LXXXVI1. And be it further enatSfed, That for and during cha fhips are the term of twenty-one years, commencing from and next enfuing to ).->nd their the time when the faid’ dock or docks, quays or wharfs, and to t^dorK* warehoufes, to be made and built by the faid dire&ors as afore-nnd the King's faid, {hall be fo far completed as to be fit and ready for the re* duties are to ception of-fhips and goods, all the {hips arid Veffels which fhall beatoertained arrive or come from any part of thb Weft Indies into the river no Wiic-ie el e. <ftjhl?nes^ with cargoes of WeflTtdia produce, (hall unload and land the whole of their refpe&ivb cargoes within tome or one of the faid clocks, or on the quays* or wharfs which {hall belong

- - v	thereto	\

Hosted by Google

iSoo.]	39 Geo. III. c. 69*.	469*

thereto; and the duties which {hall be payable to the King’s ma-jetty, his heirs and fuccelTors, in refpedt of the fame, fhall thereupon, during the laid term, be ascertained at fuch quays or wharfs, and not elfewhere ; and the goods, wares, and merchandize, being Weft India produce, in refpedf whereof luch duties fhall be payable, fhall or may afterwards be ftored or de-pofited in the adjoining warehoufes, or any fuch other warehoufes as the owners or confignees thereof refpe&ively fhall think proper : and in cafe any fireh goods, wares, or merchandize, being Forfeitures Weft India produce, {hall, at any time or times during the {aid md penalties term of twenty-one years, be landed from any fhi p or vefTel in the Weft India trade, in any other place or places in or near the port fJeh cargoes of London, than the faid quays or wharfs within the faid dock or elfewhere. docks, then, and in every fuch cafe, the goods, wares, or merchandize, fo to be landed, {hall be forfeited t6 his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and (hall or may be lawfully feized accordingly, by any of the officers of his Majetty’s cuftoms or excife, and difpofed of according to law; and the owner, or owners, or matter of any fuch (hip or veffel, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned.

LXXXVIII. Provided always nevertbelefs, That all fuch But. fo much part of parts of the refpeettive cargoes of the fhips or other veffels P\e ^ar arriving or coming, during the faid term from the Weft Indies ^sr^Ja into the river Thames, as fhall confift of tobacco, fhall as foon coniift of to-after being unfhipped in fome or one of the faid docks as con- bacco is, as veniently may be, and without any previous afeertainment °f loon as-may be the duties thereof, be tranfmitted or conveyed in carts or decked ^nfhiin lighters to fome or one of the King’s tobacco warehoufes for the the docks, to time being, at the charges of the faid Weft India dock company, be conveyed who fhall be entitled to, and receive from the refpedlive owners to,tLle *vin5 5 or confignees thereof, or their refpedfive fadfors or agents, and

tobacco warehoufes, with-

that before the faid tobacco (hall be taken out of the faid dock out previoiffly premifes, fuch recompence or fatisfadlion for fo conveying the afeertaining fame, and after fuch rate, as fhall not exceed what for the time the King s being fhall be the whole expence of conveying tobacco from the du KS* tobacco (hips at their proper moorings in the faid port, to the King’s tobacco warehoufes.

LXXXIX. Provided alfo nevertbelefs, and it is hereby further enabled, That if at any time or times it fhould happen, that And if at any by reafon of the faid docks being filled with {hipping, or of fome accident, or other caufe, any fhip or fhips, veffel or veffels, ^nm>t be* which fhall have come from the Weft Indies into the river admitted into Thames, cannot be admitted into and unloaded in and at the the docks, the faid docks, quays, and works of the faid company, purfuant to commUfioners this a61, theni and in every fuch cafe, it fhall be lawful for any a^Uauthoidfe three or more of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in tht/cargoc-s of England, for the time being, to permit the cargo of any fuch thole particu-fhip or veffel to be landed and difeharged at fuch other legal	to

quay or quays, or other place or places within the port of Lon~ 0^erlegd t don-) as they the faid commiffioners fhall diredt and appoint. quays. "

g g 3 n	XC, Provided

Hosted by Google

Public Local and Perfonal Adis

[1800.

mifiloners of puftoms (hall <0 order and djreCt.

470*

Ships arriving XC. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadled, That at thinthc any **me or t*mes	Paid	docks,	quays,	or wharfs, and

Welt indies warehoufes, fhall be ready for the reception of (hips and goods, with Welt if (hall be lawful for any three or more of the commiffioners of India produce his Majefty’s cuftonis ir> England, by wViting under their hands, dkctar*'eVuch to or<^er anc^ ^jrec5l that any (hip or (hips, veffel or veffels, which produce^vkh-arfive or co,me into the river Thames from any other part or jn one of the parts of the world than the Weft Ifidles, with gQQds, wares, or docks,if any merchandize on board of the growth and produce of the TV eft t!'rThe°coTn°r^ ^n^es>	unl°ad and land f° much of her or their cargo, or

refpe£live cargoes, as fh^all confitt of any fuch lad-mentioned goods, wares, or merchandize, within fome or one of the faid docks, or on the quays or wharfs which fhall belong thereto* and that the King’s duties in refpedl of the fame (liall thereupon be ascertained at fuch quays or wharfs, and not elfewhere ; and that every fuch order, after being delivered on board of uny fuch fhip or veffel, to or for the perfon having the charge or command thereof, fhall be obeyed accordingly; and if any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, being of the growth or produce of the IVeft Indies, fhall be afterwards landed from luch fhip or veffel, in any other place or places in or near the port of London, than the faid quays or wharfs within the faid dock or docks, then, and in every fuch cafe, the goods, wares, and • merchandize fo to be landed, (hall be forfeited to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and fhall or may be lawfully feized accordingly by any of the officers of his Majetty’s cuftoms or excife, and difpofed of according to law, and the owner or owners, or matter of any fuch fhip or veffel, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned ; and after all the goods, wares, or merchandize, of the growth or produce of the Weft Indies, on board of fuch (hips refpedtively arriving in any of the faid docks from any other part or parts than the Weft Indies, fhall be un-fhipped in any of the faid docks as aforefaid, and the proportionate duty of fix fhillings and eight-pence per ton, herein-after made payable in refpedt therepf, fhall be paid, fuch fhips (hall be forthwith permittee} to go into the river Thames, to difeharge the remainder of their refpedlive cargoes.

XCI. And be it further enaetted, That, for and during the term of twenty-one years, commencing from and next enfuing

Outward-bound Weft

toload^n^he ^me w^en	docks,	quays,	or	wharfs,	and	warehoufes

docks or in the river below the entrance into the c;-malat Blackwell.

fhall be ready for the reception of fhips and goods, all fuch of the fhips and veffels belonging to or frequenting the port of London as tt}all be ufed in the Weft India trade, fhall, when and fo often as the fame (hail be oqtward bound to the Weft Indies* (hip or take in all their refpe&ive cargoes, and be loaded, either in fome or one of the faid docks, or in fuch part of the river Thames as fhall be below the entrance into the faid canal at Black-wail aforefaid ; and if any fuch (hip or veffel, being fo out-wardbound to the Weft Indies, fhall fhip or take in any part of her Cargo in the laid port or river elfevvhere than in fome or one

of

Hosted by Googl

i8oo,]	39 Geo. III. c. 69*.	471*

of the faid docks, or than below the entrance into (he faid canal at Blackwall, then and in every fuch cafe the owner or owners, or raafter of fuch {hip or veil'd, {ball, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned : provided neverthelefs.

That every or any fuch (hip or veffel, when engaged to take on board naval {lores at the King's dock yard or victualling office at Deptford for his Majefty’s fervice, {hall be permitted fo to do, on producing to the dock mafler, or his known afliftant, a certificate of fuch {hip or veflel being fo engaged, under the hand or hands of any one or more of the commifiioners of his Majefty’s navy or victualling, who are hereby authorifed and required to grant fuch certificates for that purpofe.

XCI1. And it is hereby further enabled and declared, That Harbour the faid harbour mafters and dock mafters fo to be appointed as palters and aforefaid, {hall, in executing the powers hereby given to them ^^r^eers refpeClively, always obferve, comply with, and ufe, their bed certain direr-endeavours to enforce the regulations and directions contained in tions in two the a<5t of parliament of the nineteenth year of the reign of his Pnor prefent Majefty, chapter the fifty-eighth, for preventing veflels which (hall have come from or {hall be bound to any foreign parts, from being removed out of the flream in the faid port with gopds on board, except to the lawful quays ; and alfo the regulations and directions contained in the act of parliament of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, chapter the fixty-eighth, for mooring Ihips, and importing tobacco at fuch place in the faid port as the ccmmiftioners of the cuftoms {hall appoint, fo far as the fame regulations and directions in the two laft-mentioned acts of parliament refpedtively (hall not ob-flrudt, moled, or interfere with, the free ufe and enjoyment of the faid docks and canal, and the bafons, cuts, and other works which {hall belong thereto refpectively, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XCIII. Harbour and dock mafters, lock keepers, Sec. to give no preference.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Forregular faid canal, docks, bafons, and cuts,' or any of them, {hall be fo jnS the moor-far completed as to admit {hips, veflels, or craft to enter therein, no fhip or other veflel {hall lie at either of the mooring tiers in trances into the river 'Thames, immediately above or below the entrance or the canal, refpeddive entrances into the fame canal, dock or docks, bafon or docks, bafons, bafons, cut or cuts, but thofe only which are intended to go and cuts* into, or within twelve hours laft paft {hall have come out of the faid canal, or any of fuch docks, bafons, or cuts; and that every irjafter and pilot, and all and every other perfons and perfon having the charge or command of any (hip or. veflel lying at the faid tiers, fliall remove therefrom fuch (hip or veflel under his or their command, whenever fo required by the faid harbour mailer or harbour mafters, dock mafter or dock mafters, his or their affiftant or afliftants, by an order, left with fome perfon or perfons on board the faid (hip or veflel, in writing for that purpofe, within

c g 4	twelve

Hosted by Google

twelve hours after each notice for removal, under the penalty of 3 fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor Jefs than five pounds, for every twenty-four hours any fuch {hip or veil'd {hall remain at either of the faid tiers, after the time limited by fuch notice left in writing.

XCV. No vettTtl to enter into or navigate in the works under fail,

XCVI. Draw bridges and fwivel bridges to be fattened, after veifels {hall have patted.

XCVII. For preventing obftrudions and nuifances in the port, canal, docks, See. Penalties on perfons obftrufting the navigation, or wantonly, &c. opening lock gates, &c. and letting oJf water, or buffering vettfels to ftrike upon bridges or locks.

XCVIII. Vettfels not to land goods in the docks, &c. at other places than quays and landing places, on penalty of one hundred pounds. ,

XCIX To prevent other nuifances in the port, canal, docks, &c.

C. Mills, &c. not to'draw off water from the works without corifent.

Cl. Vettfels to unload within the docks as foon as may be, and then to be removed. Power for dock matter, or his afliftant, to order but light vettfels ; and on every neglebt to remove them, the parties fo neglecting to forfeit ten pounds; and the dock matter or his attfiftants may remove fuch vettels; and the charges thereof, on non-payment, to be levied by diftrefs and fale.

Vettfels to land gunpowder before entering the dock premifes, and other com buttible matter to be removed within twelve hours.

JFire, candles, or lamps, not to be lighted Jtt the docks,

&c.

CII. And be it further enabled, That all fuch fhips, lighters, barges, boats, and other veifels, as. fhall refpedfively have on board any gunpowder, exceeding the quantity of one pound, (hall refpedtively, before they enter any of thefaid intended docks, or of the bafons and cuts which fhall belong thereto, land and difeharge all their gunpowder, and unload and clear their guns; and that no tar, pitch, rofin, hemp, flax, faggots, furze, turpentine, oil, hay, ftraw, tallow, greafe, (havings of wood, or combuftible matter of any kind, {hall be fuffered to be cr remain on the quays or wharfs intended to be built in or near the faid docks as aforefaid, or any part thereof, or upon the deck of any fhip or other veffel in the faid docks, bafons, and cuts, or any of them, above the fpace of twelve hours ; and that in cafe the owner or owners of fuch goods, matters, or other things, or the commander, matter, or mate of any fuch fhip or other veffel, {hall make default herein, every fuch perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lets than five pounds.

CI1I. Andy for more effectually preventing accidents by fire in the faid docks and dock premifeSy be it further enadfed, That no perfon whofoever {hall have or keep, or caufe to be had or kept, any fire, candle, or lamp, lighted within any of the faid docks, or of the bafons, cuts, quays, wharfs, warehoufes, and other works which fhall belong thereto, at any time or times whatsoever, (except only necelfary lamps by the Tides of ways without the dock wails, and fuch fires or lighted candles or lamps as fhall be neceffary to be ufed in the making, building, finittnng, repairing, altering, or improving of the fame docks, bafons, cuts, quays, wharfs warehoufes, and other works, or any of them), upon pain of forfeiting for every fuch offence alum not exceeding ten pounds nor lefs than five pounds.

CIV. Perfons fetting fire to the works or vettfels in the docks, Sec. guilty of felony without benefit of clergy; and perfons otherwife wilfully damaging

Hosted by

Google

i8oo.]	39	Geo,	III.	c.	69*.	473*

maging the works of velTels, made liable to fine and imprifonment, or {ranfportation,

CV. Penalty againft deftroying ropes of fhips.

CVI. Penalty on breaking or extinguifhing lamps.

CVII. Mafters and owners anfwerable for damages done by their officers and fervants.

CVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be Jawful for Power to the the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council common aftembled, from time to time, to make, ordain, and eftablifh

council to make bye

fuch bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, for the good go- iavvS) rules, vernment of the faid harbour mafters, and of all clerks, treafurers, orders, and collectors, engineers, furveyors, workmen, watchmen, lighter- regulations,

• men, labourers, and others, to be appointed and employed by and^ana?^ them the faid . mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common excepting the council aftembled, under or by virtue of this aeft, and for the docks and better regulating, governing, and managing of the feveral works, their appur-matters, accounts, and things by this aeft authorifed and directed tenances; to be made, done, and performed by them, as well whiift the fame are doing as after they (hall be finished and completed, and for the more fafe and convenient navigating, placing, mooring, unmooring, and removing of fhips and other veftels on the river Thames 9 in and near the faid port, and in the faid canal, and the bafons which may belong thereto, (excepting the docks, bafons, cuts, and other works which fhall belong to the faid JVejl India dock company, and fuch parts of the river Thames, at Limehoufe Hole and Blackwall aforefaid, as fhall be within the diftance of two hundred yards from any entrance, out of the faid river there, into the fame works), and for the better governing and regulating of all mafters of veftels, pilots, lightermen, and others, within the faid port, and the faid canal and its appurtenances,

(except as before excepted), and for preventing damage being done to {hipping, lighters, .and craft, or to any goods, wares, or merchandize, by the iftuing of water from houfes or buildings, and fuch other lawful and reafonable bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, as they fhall deem neceffary and expedient for the due execution of this a<ft, fo as the fame refpecftively be not contrary to nor inconfiftent with this aeft, or any of the regulations enaefted hereby, or by any other aeft or aefts of parliament in-force at or immediately before the pafting of this aeft, and not hereby repealed or altered ; and alfo from time to time, as they fhail fee an^ ^ reP^ab occafion, to repeal, annul, add to, amend, and alter fuch bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, or any of them, in fuch fame;' manner as 'to-them the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aftembled, lhall feem meet or requifitey and to and to fix fix and appoint reafonable pecuniary penalties, not exceeding non-obferv-1* forty {hillings, for the non-obfervance, non-performance, or anCe, not other breach of fuch bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, or exceeding any of them ; and the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in f°rty killings, common council aftembled, fhall caufe fuch of the faid bye laws. Bye laws to rules, orders, and regulations as they lhall think fit, to be printed and diftributed in the port of London, and affixed upon or near 1 11 u c * fome publick and confpicuous parts of the quays or wharfs in the

laid

Hosted by Google

474*	Public	Local	and Perfonal A<fts [1800.

faid port, and upon fome other publick and confpicuous places How fuch pe- adjacent ; and all fuch penalties {hall be recovered by diftrefs and waltits are tp fa]e of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the be levied. hand and feal, or hands and feals, of any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, city, or place, wherein the offence (hall be committed, or the offender or offenders found, rendering the overplus (if any), on demand to the perfon or perfons whofe goods or chattels fhall be fo diftrained \ which penalties fhall be applied as herein-after is dire&ed; and if no fufficient diftrefs can be found, it fhall be lawful for any fuch julVice or judices of the peace to commit fuch offender or offenders to any prifon within the jurifdiction of fuch juftice or juft tices, upon due proof being made before him or them, on the oath or oaths of one or more perfon or perfons, of fuch offence being committed, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding twenty days, or until fuch penalty or penalties (hall be fooner paid.

Directors ena- C1X. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for powered to the laid dire&ors, or any five or more of them, from time to laws*1 rules time, to make, ordain, and eftablilh fuch bye laws, rules, orders, orders, and and regulations for the obfervapee apd good government of the regulations faid directors, and of all dock mafters, clerks, treafurers, col-for the docks Jedfors, engineers, furveyors, workmen, watchmen, lightermen, purtenances* lah°urers, and others appointed and employed on behalf of the 9 faid company, under or by virtue of this a<5t, and for the better regulating, governing, and managing the feveral works, matters, accounts, and things by this authorifed and directed to be made, done, and performed by the faid directors, as well whilft the fame are doing as after they fhall be finifhed and completed, and for the more fafe and convenient fhipping and lading, landing and difeharging, carrying and conveying, laying and depofit-ing of goods, wares, and merchandize upon, to, and from the quays or wharfs and warehoufes, which are to be in or belonging to the faid docks, and for the employing, better governing, and regulating porters, carters, and carmen, and others car-rying goods, or ufing or driving horfes, trucks, carts, fledges, or other carriages for conveying goods, wares, or merchandize to and from the fame quays, wharfs, and warehoufes, and of all mafter9 of veflels, pilots, lightermen, and others, within the faid dock premifes, and fuch other lawful and reafonahle bye Jaws, orders, rules, and regulations, as they fhall deerq necef-iary and expedient for the due execution of the powers and authorities hereby given to them, fo as the fame refpeclively be not contrary to nor inconfiftent with this aeft, or any of the regulations enacled hereby, or by any other a£t or aefts of parliament in force at or immediately before the paffingof this a<5t, and not $nd may re- hereby repealed or altered; and alfo from time to time, as they F>cT amend, fhall fee occafion, to repeal, annul, add to, amend, or alter fuch fame*-10 * ^ hye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, as to them the faid and may fix directors, or any five or more of them, fhall feem meet or re-penahici for quifite; and affix and appoint reafonable pecuniary penalties,

not

Hosted by Google

*8o§.]	39	(Geo. III. c, 69*.	475*

not exceeding forty (hillings for any one offence, for the non- nomobferv-obfervance, non-performance, or other breach of all or any fuch an^? bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, or any part of them ; nralm^s. ^ and the (aid directors, or any three or more of them, (hall caufe fuch of the fame bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, as Bye laws to they (hall think fit, to be printed and diftributed in the port London, and affixed upor) or near fome publick and confpicuous parts of the quiiys or wharfs in or belonging to the faid port and docks, and upon fome other publick and confpicuous places adjacent; and all fuch penalties (hall be recovered by diffrefs and Penalties how fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the to be lev*eci* hand and feaJ, or hands and feals, of any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county of Middlefex, and applied to the ufe of the faid company as herein-after is directed, rendering the overplus (if any) to the perfon or perfons whofe goods or chattels (hall be fo diftrained ; and in cafe no fufficient diftrefs can be found, it fhajl be lawful for any fuch juftice or juftices of the peace to commit fuch offender or offenders to any prifon within the jurifdicSfion of fuch juftice or juftices, upon due proof being made before him or them, on the oath or oaths of one or more perfon or perfons, of fuch offence being committed, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding twenty days, or until fuch penalty or penalties (hall be fooner paid.

CX. Such laft-mentioned bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, to be fubjedt to the controul qf the company. Company may infpedt bye Jaws, and alter or annul any of them.

CXI. Provifo that the bye laws, rules, qrders, and regulations, (hall be made, altered, or repealed, with the approbation of the lord chancellor, the chief juftices of King’s bench or common pleas, or chief baron of the exchequer, and not otherwife.

CXI1. Copies of bye laws, and of alteration of bye laws, are to be fent to the Trinity ttoufe before the fame be allowed by the judges.

CXIII. Compenfation to be made for the tithes of the lands and other premifes to be taken.

CX]V. The average price of wheat may be re-afeertained at the end of jevery fourteen years, for the purpofe of making fuch compenfations.

CXV. Remedy for recovering compenfation for tithes.

CXVI. Compenfation to be made by the corporation of London for deficiencies of afleffinents for land tax, and paving, cleanfing, lighting, and poors’ rates.

CXVii. Compenfation to be made by the Weft India dock company for deficiencies of affi Aments for land tax, and paving, cleanfing, lighting, and poors’ rates.

CXVII I. Compenfation to be made for deficiencies of fewer rates.

Remedy for recovering the fame.

" CXIX. Compenfation to be made to lord Gwydir and his afiigns, in refpedt to their interell in the mooring chains.

CXX. Compenfation to be made to his Majefty for relinquifhment of rents and profits of mooring chains.

CXXL Compenfation to be made to the owners, &c. of, and perfons employed on, any quays or wharfs, or other tenements, which may be rendered lefs, valuable, by reafon of the intended works, and to the governors of Chrift’s Kofpital (if neceffary) on account of car-room.

CXXII. When parties ref ufe or are unable to agree for compenfation, juries for afeertaining the fame may be empanelled, and how. Jurymen may be challenged. Jury to award the amounts of compenfations on path. Verdidt of the jury, fyc, to be final. Previous notice being given £0 parties interefted.

CXXIII. The

Rate? appointed to be paid to his Majeffy for veHtrls tiling the port of London.

Public Local and Perlonal Ads [1800.

CXXIII. The commiffioners empowered to impofe fines for non-attendance, &c.

CXXiV. Bodies politick, Sec. truftees and other perfons empowered to agree for compenfation,

CXXV. When a good title to compenfation money cannot be fhewn, or parties entitled thereto cannot be found. See. fuch money to be paid into the bank, fubjedt to the order of the court of chancery on motion or petition. '

CXXVI. Purchafe monies how to be inveiled. But if fuch money be lefs than 100I. and not lefs than 201, the fame to be paid to fuch perfons as the parties entitled fhal! appoint, in trull, to be invefted in the pur-chafe of other premifes, to be fettled to the like ufes ; and in the mean time fuch monies to be placed out in fecurities, in the names of truftees for the benefit of the parties entitled..	•

CXXVII. Verdicts, judgements, &c. concerning compenfations, and receipts of calhiers of the bank for comped fat ion monies, to be entered among the records of the lord major’s court, or general or quarter fe Hi 011s.	‘

CXXVIII. No claims to be made for fuch laft mentioned compenfations till three years alter notice of the docks, &c. being ready for ufe ; and all fuch claims are to be made and entered in a book, within one year alter the expiration of the faid term of three years, or otherwife to be barred.

CXXIX. Claimants may recover compenfation money from perfons who fhall have wrongfully received the fame.

CXXX. Appointment of the commiffioners of compenfations.

CXXXI. For the appointment of commiffioners of compenfation in the room of thofe who fhall die, or decline, or become incapable to adt.

CXXXII. Oath for commiffioners of compenfation.

CXXXIII. Commiffioners empowered to adminifter oaths.

CXXX1V. And be it further enacled, That in confideration of the great accommodation and advantage which the feveral works and regulations hereby aurhorifed to be made will afford to the (hipping and trade of the faid port, and in confideration of the great charges and expences which will be occafioned by the making, building, eredling, and providing of the faid canals, cuts, ftuices, bridges, roads, and other works, herein-before authoriled to be made by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, there fhall be payable and paid to the King’s majefly, his heirs and fucceflors, or to his or their collators, receivers, or agents, from and after the hrfl day of Augufl next after the pafting of this a<51, for and during the term of fourteen years from thence next enfuing, for every fhip or other veftel trading to, frequenting, or ufing, the faid port of London, of which, the faid intended canal, docks, and other works are to be parts as aforefaid, by the matter or other perfon having the charge or command, or the owner or owners, of fuch fhip or other veffel, according to the tonnage burden thereof re-fpedlively, the feveral rates or duties of tonnage next herein-after particularly rated and described; (that is to fay),

Lift of rates. F-irft.clafs—For every fhip or other vefTel, trading coaftwife, between the port of London and any port or place in Great Bri~ tain, the Orkneys, Shetland, or the weftern iftands of Scotland, there fhall be paid for every voyage both in and out of the faid port, inclufive, qne penny per ton.

Second clafs-—For every fhip or other veftel entering inwards,

or

i8oo,]	39	Geo.:III. c. 69*.	4JH*-

or arriving in the faid port from Denmark, Norway, or Lapland,

(on this fide of the North Cape), or from Holfiein, Hamburgh,

Bremen, or any other part of Germany bordering on or near tbe^

Germanic Ocean, or from Holland, or any other of the United Provinces, or from Brabant, Antwerp, Flanders, or any other part of the Netherlands, or from France, (within Ujbant), Guernfey,

Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, Ireland, or the IJle of Man, one penny farthing per ton.

And for every (hip or other veffel clearing outwards in, or departing from the faid port to any of the countries, parts, or places laft herein-before mentioned, one penny farthing per ton.

Third clafs—For -every (hip or other veffel entering inwards,, or arriving in the faid port from Lapland, (beyond the North Cape), Finland, Rujfta, (without or within the Baltic Sea), Livonia, Courland, Poland, Pruffia, Sweden, or any other country or place within the Baltic Sea, two-pence per ton.

And for every other. veiTel clearing outwards in, or departing from the faid port to any of the countries, parts, or places laft herein-before mentioned, two-pence per ton.

» Fourth clafs—For every (hip or other veffel entering inwards, or arriving in the faid port from France, (between UJhant and Spain), Portugal, Spain, (without the Mediterranean), or any of the Azores, Madeira, or Canary IJlands, or any of the united (fates of America, or of the Britijh colonies or provinces in North America, or from Florida, two-pence halfpenny per ton.

And for every (hip or other veffel clearing outwards in, or departing from the (aid port to any of the countries, parts, or places laft herein-before mentioned, two-pence halfpenny per ton.

Fifth clafs—For every (hip or other veffel entering inwards, or .arriving in the faid port from Greenland, Gibraltar, France. or Spain, (within the Mediterranean), or any country, ifiand, part, or place within or bordering on or near the Mediterranean, or Adriatic Sea, or from the Weft Indies, Louifiana, Mexico, South America, Africa, Eaft India, China, or any other country, ifiand, part, or place, within or bordering on or near the Pacific Ocean, or from any other country, ifiand, part, or place whatfoever to the fouthward of twenty-five degrees of north latitude, threepence halfpenny per ton.

And for every (hip or other4 vefiel clearing outwards in, or departing from the faid port to any of the countries, iflands, parts, or places laft herein-before mentioned, three-pence halfpenny per ton.

Which rates or duties (hall be, and are hereby vefted in his Howto be Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, as his own proper monies, but paid, for the purpofes of this abb, and fhall be paid at the refpeblive times of fuch (hips’ or other vefiels’ entry inwards, or clearance outwards, at the cuftom houfe in the port of London, to the officer or perfon appointed to collebb and receive the fame, under fuch rules, regulations, and reftri&ions, as are by this abb directed and required with refpebt to fhips or vefTels entering

inwards

Hosted by Google

478*	Public	Local and Perfonai Adts [1800'.

inwards and clearing outwards in the faid port; or for want of fuch entrance or clearance, then the fame (hall be paid before fuch fhips or other veffels refpedHveiy (hall depart from the faid port; and the faid rates or duties (hall be paid ovet, a$ foon as conveniently may be, by the colledlorS thereof, or other proper officers, into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer^

£xemptionsv CXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this adt (hall not extend to charge with any of the faid rates or duties herein-before granted, any of his Majefty’s fhipS of war, or.any fhip or veffel whatfoevcr being the property of his Majefty,’ his heirs or fuccefTors, or of any of the; royal family, no;r to charge therewith any fhip or veffel coming to or going coaftwife from the port of London or to any part of Great Britain, unlefs fuch (hip or veffel (hail exceed forty-five tons, regifter tofinage, nor any veffel bringing corn coaftwife, the principal prirt of vvhofe cargo (hall confift of corn, nor any fiffiing fmacks, lobfter and oyfter boats, or veftels for paffengers, nor any veflel or veffels, or craft navigating the river Thames above and below London Bridge, as far as Gravefetid only.

Tran (iterates	CXXXVI. And be it further enadted, That ini co'nfideratiori

through'the	^ecurity? accommodation, and difpatch, which will be

cana]®‘ 1 produced by means of the faid intended canal, as a fhorter, fafer, and more expeditious paffage for (hips and veffels to and from the faid port, than the prefent circuitous and dangerous courfe round the faid Ijle of Dogs; and in confideration of the great charges and ekpences which will be occafioned by maintaining, repairing, improving, and managing the faid canal, and fuch1 cuts and other works, as may render fuch paffage commodious^ and eligible, and by providing and keeping a fufficient number of lock keepers and other officers and fervants, and of draught horles, for the affiffance and proper accommodation of veffels in fuch paffage, it (hall be lawful for the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their fucceffors, from time to time, and at all times, from and after the expiration of the term of three years next enfuing the time when the faid canal {ball be firft ready for ufe, and notice (hall have been given of the fame in the London Gazette, and two or more publick morning newfpapers ufually circulated in London, to afk, demand, take^ and receive, for the purpofes of this adt, over and above the rates and duties herein-before made payable of and from all (hips* veffels, and craft, which (hall enter and make ufe of the faid intended canal, any rate or rates not exceeding the following rates; (that is to fay),

For every (hip or veffel, lighter, barge, or other craft,' loaderi or unloaden, entering the faid canal, if of two hundred tons or upwards, (regifter meafurement), two-pence per ton :

If of one hundred tops, and under two hundred tons, (regifter meafurement), one penny halfpenny per ton :

If of fifty tons, and under one hundred tons, (regifter mea-furement), the fum of ten (hillings:

All

Ho$ted by Google

i8oo.]	39	Geo. III. c. 69*.	479*

All vefiels carrying fail, if of twenty tons, and under fifty tons, the futn of five (hillings :

And every lighter, barge, boat* or craft, which (hall be rowed through the faid canal by any of the perfons ufing the fame, the fum of one (hilling:

Which faid rates or duties (hall be, and are hereby vefted in the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fuccefiors, as their own proper monies, but for the purpofes of this a£f, and (hall be paid upon fuch (hips or other vefiels entering within any lock or flood gate of the faid canal, or at fuch other time or times as the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, (hall appoint for fuch payment, and (hall be payable and paid once only for each and every fuch tranfit or paflage as aforefaid, -acrofs the faid Ife of Dogs, whether upwards or downwards ; and fuch rates or duties, lo laft hereby granted, (ha!I be paid over, as foon as conveniently may be, by the colle&ors thereof, or other proper officers, into the receipt of the chamber of the faid city of London.

CXXXVIf. And in confederation of the great charges and pxpences which the makings building, ere flings and providing of fuch docks, bafons, cuts, quays or wharfs, war eh oufes,fluices, bridges, roads, and other ivork s, authorifed and intended to be made by the faid dir eft or s as aforefaid\ and the fupporting, maintaining, and keeping of the fame in repair for the future, will amount unU: be it further ena&ed,

Thar, from and after notice of the completion of the fame laft Rate of 6$. M, mentioned docks, and other works* (hall have been given by per ton, ap-publiqk aavertifement in the London Gazette, and two or more publick morning newfpapers ufually circulated in London, as company by before directed, there (hall be payable - and paid to the faid Weft (hips ufing India dock company, or to their collectors, receivers, or agents, the docks, for their ufe, for every fhip or veflel entering into, and ufing, any of the faid intended docks, or any of the bafons or cuts which (hall belong thereto, by the mafter or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, or by the owner or owners thereof, (over and above the rates and duties hereinbefore granted to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and to the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens), the rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence for every ton of the burden of fuch (hip or veflel, except in fuch cafes as are hereafter excepted or otherwife provided for; which rate or duty (hall be levied and colle&ed as herein-after is directed, and (hall be accepted and taken for and in fatisfaCtion of the ufe and conveniency of the faid docks, and all charges and expences of the navigating, mooring, unmooring, removing, and management of fuch (hip or veflel, from her arrival at the entrance into the docks, at Black-wall, until fuch (hip or veflel fhall be unloaded and moored in the dock for light (hips or vefiels, and alfo of the unloading or unfhipping of her cargo within the faid docks, and the landing waiter’s fees on account thereof, and the cooperage and hoops and nails which fuch cargo may require in the courfe of fuch

unlading

Hosted by Google

unlading thereof, together with the ufe of the light dock for any fpace of time not exceeding fix months from the time of unload^ ing fuch fhip or veflel: and that, from and after fuch notice being given as laid aforeiaid, there (hall alfo be payable and paid to the faid Weft India dock company, or to their colle&ors, receivers, or agents, for their ufe, for all goods, wares, and merchandize, imported from the Weft Indies, which fhall be landed, unfliipped, or difcharged from on board of any fhip or veflel entering into and ufing any of the faid intended docks, or any of the bafons or cuts which fhall belong thereto, by the owner or owners, con-fignee or confignees of fuch goods, wares, and merchandizes re-fpedfively, (over and above the rates and duties herein-before granted), the fevevral rates or duties herein-after particularly rated and defcribed ; (that is to fay).

Rates appointed to be paid to the company for goods imported from the Welt Indies, and landed or dif chargedwithin the docks.

Lift of rates.

For Aloes

Balfam, natural Caflia

Cortex Winteranus Cocoa Coffee

Cotton Wool Dyers Woods Ginger

Gum Guaiacum

Hides

Indigo -Marmalade Oil, Caftor Pimento Rum

Sarfaparilla Sugar -Succads (in boxes)

Tamarinds, or Succads (in jars) 2 Tortoife Shell -	-	5

T urmeric	- -	4

and for Wine,includingMaaeira o

5.

4

4

4

4

1

1

2

o

3

4 o 2 2

2

3 o 6 o

5

d.

8

8

8

8

6

6

6

6

3

8

6

6

6

6

2

1

o

8

o

6

0

8

1

yper hundred weight.

J

per dozen.

per hundred weight.

^per jar.

per hundred weight. per gallon.

per hundred weight.

per jar.

|per hundred weight. per gallon.

For every cafk, cafe, bundle, bale, or other package, containing any article of merchandife not other wife fpecified or defcribed in this table, being of the weight of two hundred, or upwards, five (hillings :

For every fuch cafk, cafe, bundle, bale, or other package, being under the weight of two hundred, two (hillings and fixpence: For any article of merchandize brought loofe, (except wood), not otherwise fpecified or defcribed in this table, and fubje£l: to any duty of cuftoms chargeable according to the weight, for every hundred, one (hilling:

For any article of merchandize brought loofe, not hereinbefore

Hosted by Google,

1866.]	39 Geo, Til. c. 69*.	481*

before fpecified or defcribed* whether fubjecft; to any duty of cuftoms or not, and which (hall be landed within the dock pre-mifes, there (hall be colledfed and paid a rate or duty not exceeding the rate or charge heretofore ufually paid in the port of London, for lighterage, landing, loading, and houfing of any fuch article^

Which rates or duties fhall be levied and collected as hereinafter is expreffed, and fhall be accepted and taken for and in re-fpedl of the ufe and conveniency of the faid docks, and the quays, wharfs, and cranes, and other machines which fhall belong thereto, and the land waiter’s fees on account of fuch goods after being unfhipped, and all charges and expences of wharfage, land-irigj hbuflng, and weighing fuch goods, and of fuch cooperage as the fame may refpediively want after being unfhipped, and all rent for warehoufe room for fuch goods, for the fpace of twelve weeks in the faid company’s warehoUfes, and all charges of delivering the fame from the faid warehoufes; and which faid rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton, and the faid fe-veral other rates or duties laffc herein-before granted, fhall be and are hereby vefted in the faid Weft India dock company, and their fucceffors* executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, (holding for the time being (hares of the aforefaid capital ftock), as their own proper monies, but for the purpofes herein-after mentioned ; and	b

the faid rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton fhall	°	C

be paid at the time of each (hip’s or other ve fiefs entry inwards v or clearance outwards, at the cuftom houfe in the port of London, to the officer or perfon appointed to collect and receive the fame, under fuch rules, regulations, and reftri&ions as are by this a<ib directed and required with regard to the entering inwards and clearing outwards of (hips or other veffels, on which other rates and duties are by this a<5t impofed ; or for want of fuch entry, then at any time before fuch (hips or veffels refpedlively fhall fail or proceed from the faid docks or bafons, fo as no (hip or other veffel fhall be fubjeeft or liable to the payment of the faid' rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton more than once for every voyage, both out and home inclufive ; and the rates or duties hereby granted in refpedl of fuch of the faid goods* wares, and merchandize to be imported from the Weft Indies, as fhall be fubjeeft to the payment of any duty to the King’s majefty* his heirs or fucceffors, fhall be payable and paid, when the poft entry of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize fhall be made, at the faid cuftom houfe, to the officer or perfon appointed to colledl and receive the fame* arid the rates or duties hereby granted in refpedtof fuch of the faid goods, wares, and merchandize as fhall not be fubjedt to the payment of any duty to the King’s majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, fhall be payable and paid before fuch goods, wares, or merchandize refpediively (hall be taken from the faid dock premifes: provided always, That when and fo often as any (hip or other veffel arriving in the faid docks fhall not be fully laden, the faid rate of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton fhall only be collided and paid for and in proportion to the Vol« XLII.	*	H	h	actual

Hosted by Google

£Sz*	Public	Local and Perfonal AflLs [i8do'.

actual tonnage of the cargo imported in fuch vefTel, and not upon the reglfter tonnage thereof; and that with refpedl to fuch fhips or veffels as (hall arrive in any of the faid docks, from any other part or parts of the world than the Weft Indies, with goods, wares, or merchandize on board, of the growth or produce of the Weft Indies, the faid rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ten fhall be payable only for and in. proportion to the quantity of goods, wares, or merchandize of the growth or produce of the Weft Indies, on board of the fame fhips refpedUvely ; that is to fay. Six (hillings and eight-pence for every ton of the fame goods, wares, or merchandize, and not otherwife.

Exemptions. CXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enabled. That this a6t (hall not extend to charge with the faid rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton herein-before granted, any lighters or craft entering into the faid docks, or bafons, or cuts* to convey, deliver, difeharge, or receive ballad: or goods to, or from on board of, any (hip or fhips, vefTel or veffels.

CXXXIX. Manner of recovering rates.

CXL. Perfons eluding the payment, to continue chargeable.

CXLI. To afeertain the tonnage or admeafurement of fhips according to the certified tonnage in the (hip's regifter.

CXLIl. Collectors, &c. to have accefs to regifters of fhips at the cuftom houfe.

CXLIII. Power to meafure. See. fhips and veffels. Penalty on any perfon obllructing filth meafuring, See.

CXL1V. Cuftom houfe officers not to difeharge any vefTel before duties paid. Matters of veffels to produce certificates or certain other written evidence of fuch payment, which the receivers of the duties mult give. Penalty on refufal, twenty pounds.

CXLV. Common council empowered to lower and again raife the tranfit rate gi anted to the corporation, fo as in cafe of railing they {hall not be higher than as exprefled in the table.

CXLVJ. Directors may vary the rates, fo as every alteration be approved of by the company.

CXLVII. Roads which lhall belong to the works, may be ufed by the publick. and the navigation of the canal to be free, fubje&to regulations.

CXLVIII. In cafe the capital of 500,0001. fhall not be raifed, or be found inefficient for making the docks, &c. the company may borrow 100,oool. more ; and affign the dock rates as a fecurity. Form of the af-ftgnment. Perfons taking fuch aflignments to be entitled to their refpec-tive proportions of the dock rates.

CXLIX. Proper entries of fuch affignments to be made by the company’s clerk; and fuch aflignments to be transferrable by indorfement. Form of indorfement. Indorfement to be notified and entered within fourteen days, by the clerk.

CL. Intereft on monies borrowed to be paid half-yearly in preference to the dividends.

CLL And, for more readily and effectually accompUjhing the pur • por provLling pWs of tins aft, be it further enadted, That there (hall be advan-money to be ce«J and paid from and out of all or any of the duties, revenues, applied by the aiuj incomes, compofing the fund called The ConfoMated Fund* upon the credit of, and to be replaced to the faid fund by, the rates and duties hereby granted, or ma^le payable to his Majefly, hi? heirs and fucceffors, any fuch fum or funis of money, not exceeding in the whole the Turn of feventy-two thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, as fhall be neceffary and fuffi-cient for the purpofes next herein-after mentioned ; the fame to

be

common council In purchafmcr land, nnd in in a King, maintaining] and ma naging, the

Hosted by Google

iSoo.j	39	Geo. lit. c. 69^.	483*

be paid by the lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners of the canal for treafury for the time being, into the chamber of the city of Lon- ^ear^ don, from time to time, as and when wanted, and to be applied during that^ and difpofed of by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons of term fuch the city of London, in cojnmon council aflembled, as follows; compenfa-that is to fay, In the firft place, in paying one equal half part of	to

the charges and expences incident to and incurred in obtaining t£e!Corpora* and palling this a£t, and afterwards in purchafing and paying for tion. of Lon-the houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, don. which (hall be fo purchafed by the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fuccefiors as aforefaid,, and in defraying the other cods and charges incident to fuch purchafes, and in paying and difeharging the neceflary charges and expences of designing, laying out, making, and completing the faid canal, cuts, and other works, which are to be made and done by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in'common council a ft enabled, in purfuance of this adl ; and afterwards in paying, fatisfy-ing, and difeharging, all the neceffary charges and expences of attending, managing, regulating, maintaining, repairing, and preferving the fame canal, cuts, and other works, for the term of three years next enfuing the time when fuch publick notice as aforefaid £h-all be given of the faid canal being ready for ufe, and until the faid tranfit rates (ball become payable to the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens as aforefaid ; and alfo in paying for and during the fame term of three years fuch yearly or other fums of moneyas are herein-beforedirected to be paid by the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fuccefiors, as and for compenfations for Ioffes, and deficiencies of tithes, taxes, fewer rates, and other rates and afTeffments.

CLII. Jnd, in order that the commijfioners herein before appointed\ and which /hall hereafter be appointed as aforefaid, may be enabled to make the compenjations by this aft entrufed to the care and management of fuch commijfioners, be it further enaCted, That there fhaJl alfo For providing be advanced and paid, from and out of all or any of the duties, raoney f°r revenues, and incomes, compofing the fund called The Confolidatedpenfations, * Fund, upon the credit of, and to be replaced to the faid fund by, including the rates and duties hereby granted or made payable to his Ma- thofe of the jefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, fuch fum and fums of money as croy™’an<* (hall be neceffary and fufficient for making, paying, and fatisfying in^efpeft of" all fuch Jaft mentioned compenfations refpeCtively, including mooring thofe herein-before directed to be made to the King's majefty, chains, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the faid Peter lord Gwydir, and his afiigns, in refpeCt of mooring chains, and for defraying the nece/fary cofts of managing, afcertalning, paying, and making the fame refpeCtively; and which fum and fums of money fhall be from time to time ifiued, paid, applied, and difpofed of by the lord high treafurer, or the commifii oners of the treafury for the time being, as the faid commifiioners, or any five or more of them, (hall direct, in and about the paying and making of fuch laft mentioned compenfations, according to the directions and

h a 2	true

Hosted by Google

4 84*

Public Local and Perfonal A£ts

[iSooi

The general tonnage duties to be applied in maintaining the mooring chains, and paying the fibricrs of harbeur mailers, and in replacing the monies which, are to be advanced out of the coululidated fund in pur-fnance or

adt> and then in making a fund lor maintaining the mooring chains, and paying the lklaries of harbour matters.

Irue meaning of this a6l, until all the fame compenfations' fhall have been paid and fatisfied.

CLIII. Commiffioners clerk to keep accounts of compenfation monied CLIV. And be it further ena6ted,That the monies which (hail from time to time be received and produced from and by the rates and duties granted or made payable to his Majefty,' his heirs and fucceffors, by this a£t, (hall be applied and difpofed of in the manner following; that is to fay, In the firft place fo much thereof (hall be paid into the chamber of the city of London as {hall be fuddcient, from time to time, not only for defraying all the neceffary cofts and charges of maintaining, repairing, altering, and renewing the mooring chains now lying, and which fhall hereafter lie, or be in the river Thames, and of laying down, from time to time, new or other mooring chains therein as and when neceffary for the ufe of the {hipping in the faid river, but alfo for paying the falaries and wages of the faid harbour mailers, and their affiftants, purfuant to this ad; and the monies fo to be paid this into the faid chamber, fhall be paid and applied by the mayor

and commonalty and citizens of rhe city of London, and their fucceffors, in defraying the fame cofts and charges, and paying the fame falaries and wages accordingly ; and fubjed thereto, the refidue qr overplus of fuch monies fo to be received and produced,. fhall be applied from time to time, in repaying and replacing to the faid confolidated fund all fuch fums of money as (hall be advanced and paid thereout in purfuance of this ad, with intereft for the fame refpedively in the mean time, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum: and when all the monies which (hall be fo as aforefaid advanced and paid out of the faid confolidated fund fhall, by the means lad mentioned, or otherwife,. be fully repaid, with intereft as aforefaid, then and from thenceforth fuch refidue or overplus of the faid monies to be received and produced from and by the faid rates and duties by this a61 granted or made payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fuceefibrs, fhall, from time to time, as and when received, be laid out or inverted in the purchafe of (lock in fome of the publick (locks or funds, or upon government or real fecurities, at inrereft, in the names of the chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller of the chamber of the city of London, for the time being, who fhall, from time to time, lay out or invert the yearly dividends or intereft of the (locks, .funds, and fecurities fo pur-chafed, in their names, in like manner, for the purpofe of accumulation, until the yearly dividends and intereft of all the (locks, funds, and fecurities fo purchafed, (hall be fufficient for the payment of the faid cofts and charges of maintaining, repairing, altering, and renewing, the faid mooring chains, and laying down others as aforefaid, and the payment of the falaries and wages gf the faid harbour mailers and theif affiftants; and when and fo foon as the fame yearly dividend^ and intereft (hall fie fully fufficient for the purpofes bft mentioned, then ancLfrbm thenceforth the feveral rates and duties by this a6l granted or made payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, fhall ceafe,

and

Hosted by Google

i8op.]	39	Gpo. III. c. 69*.	485*

and be no longer paid or payable; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notyvithflanding.

CLV. And be it farther enable^, That thp mqnies which fhaJl Application from time to time be received by the faid mayor and corpmonalty ot the tranflt and citizens, and their fucceffors, from and by the faid tranfit rate°* rates hereby granted or made payable to them, and fuch other monies as (hall be received by them by virtue of this a£f, and not be otherwife applied or applicable in purfuance thereof, (hall, from time to time, after payment of the charges of collecting and receiving the fame, be applied, in the firft place, in paying fuch yearly or other fums of money as are herein-before dire&ed to be paid by the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fncceflors, as and for compenfation for Ioffes and deficiencies of tithes,'taxes, fewer rates, and other rates and afleff-ments, and afterwards in paying, fatisfying, and difcharging, the neceffary charges and expences of attending, managing, and regulating, (after being fi'nifhed), and maintaining, repairing, preferving, and improving, the Jaid canal, cuts, mooring chains, and other works and improvements, which are to be made, done, and managed, by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in purfuance of this acfl, including all charges of towing (hips, and opening and (hutting flood gates on the faid canal; and that all the refldue or furplus of fuch monies (hall from time to time be applied in or towards executing fuch of the other purpofes of this ad, as are to be executed by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, or by or at the charges of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London: and in cafe and when the monies fo to be received by the laid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fuccefibrs, (hall be more than fufricient for the leveral purpofes laft-mentioned, then and in fuch cafe the overplus of fuch monies fliall from time to time be laid out in the purchafe of flock, in fome of the pub-lick Hocks or funds, or upon government or real fecurities, at intereft, in the names of the chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller of the chamber of the city of London, for the time being; and the yearly dividends and intereflof the flocks, funds, and fecurities, fo to be purchafed, (hall be applied and difpofed of in fuch and the fame manner, in all refpeds^ as the monies to be received by the faid mayor, and commonalty and citizens, from and by the faid tranfit rates, are herein-before directed to be applied and difpofed of; and in cafe and when fuch yearly dividends and interefl, together with the yearly income ariling from the faid tranfit rates, (hall be found to be more than furfl-cient for the feveral purpofes for and towards which the faid monies arifing from the faid tranfit rates are hereby made payable and applicable, the faid tranfit rates by this a£t made payable to the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fuccef-fors, fliall be lowered in the manner herein-before directed, fo far as fhe fame can, under the then exifling circumflances, be done with prudence and fafety : provided always. That whensoever after any fuch flocks, funds, or fecurities, (hall be fo pur-

H H 3	'*	eluted,

Hosted by

486*	Public	Local and Perfonal Acts [1800,

chafed, the yearly dividends and interest thereof, together with the yearly income arifing from the laid tranfit rates, (hall be found infufficient for the purpofes laft-mentioned, it fhall be lawful for the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fucceftors, to caufe the faid flocks, funds, and fecurities, or a fufhcient part thereof, to be fold out, to make good the deficiency, and to apply the money arifing by fuch fale in the fame manner as the monies arifing from the faid tranfit rates are hereby made applicable.

CLVL The corporation of London anfwerable in cafe of mifapplication of monies to be received by them.

CLVII. Chamberlain to keep accounts of receipts and difburfements.

CLVI1I. A ftatement of the canal and works to be laid before parliament and the treafury yearly.

CLIX, Chamberlain to lay an account before parliament yearly. Application CLX. And, be it further enadled, That the aforefaid fum of :~fiVe hundred thoufand pounds, fubferibed or intended to be fub-hy the Weft feribed or contributed by the faid Weji India dock company, for India dock their capital or joint flock, and all other monies which fhall be company un- hereafter fubferibed by them, for incrcafing their capital as afore-ckrthisac.	together	with	the feveral fums of money to be produced

nnd received by and from, and raifed and borrowed upon the credit of, the rates and duties granted or made.payable to the faid company by this aft, fhall form and become one aggregate con-folidated fund ; and ail the monies which fhall be fubferibed, collected, received, levied, raifed, and borrowed by the faid company, or by the faid direclors, by virtue or in purfuance of this a<5l, fhall be applied and difpofed of in the firft place in paying the remaining equal half part or (hare of the charges and expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and paffing this adl; and afterwards in paying and difeharging the confideration or purchafe money, and the other cofls and charges incident to the purchafing and obtaining conveyances of the mefiuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which, by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, fhall be purchased for the ufe of, and conveyed or veiled in trufl for, the faid Weft India dock company as aforefaid; and in the next place, in paying the intereil of the monies which fhall be borrowed by the faid company upon the credit of the laft-mentioned rates and duties, if any fhall be fo borrowed, and the intereft or dividends upon the principal monies, which, for the time being, fhall be fo fubferibed by the members of the faid company, and actually paid as aforefaid, or upon their capital or joint (lock, and in paying fuch yearly or other fums of money as are herein-before diredted to be paid by the faid Wef India dock company as and for compenfations for loftes and deficiencies of tithes, taxes, fewer rates, and other rates and a ffe Aments; and fubjecl thereto, then in defraying the necefiary charges and expences of making, completing, maintaining, and fupporting, and attending, managing, and regulating, the faid docks, bafons, cuts, quays, wharfs, warehoufes, and other works, which are to be made and done by the laid directors in purfuance of this a eft, and of any fuch extenfions, and improvements

s*

Google

rS°°.]	39	Geo. III. c. 69^.

provements of the fame refpedively, as the faid directors may, from time to time, think necef&ry; and that the refidue or fur-plus of fuch monies {hall, from time to time, be applied in or towards the re-payment of the principal monies, which (hall be borrowed by the faid company, upon the credit of the rates ar d duties hereby granted to them, until all the fame principal monies {hall be repaid, and in or towards executing fuch of the other purpofes of this ad as are to be executed by the faid directors, or by and at the charges of the IVeJi India dock company : and when by the means laft-mentioned, or other wife, the principal monies fo to he borrowed by the faid company, fhall be all repaid as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the rates and duties by this a A granted to the faid company, (hall be lowered in the manner herein-before directed, as far as the fame can, under the then exifting circumftances, be done with prudence and fafety.

, CLXi. Clerk of the company to keep accounts of receipts and difburfe-jnents.

CLXII. The dock company’s works to be executed as foon as pof-fible, and a ftatement of the progrefs tnereof to be laid before parliament yearly.

CLX1II. Diredors to lay an account before parliament yearly.

CLXIV. Common council empowered to appoint committees.

CLXV. Peribns interefted in contracts, not eligible on fuch committees.

CLXVI. Committees may employ and contract with any fit perfons whether freemen of London or not.

CLXVII. Diredions for giving notice of contracts.

CLXVIII. Power to the common council to appoint clerks, colledofs. treafurers, and other officers, taking fecurity; and to allow them fa lanes.

CLXIX. The directors empowered to appoint clerks, treafurers, and other officers for the company, taking fecurity, and to allow them ialaries.

CLXX. Commiflioners of compenfations to appoint clerks, &c. taking fecurity, and to allow them falaries.

CLXXI. Penalty on officers mi (applying monies.

CLXXI1. For the recovery of balances due from harbour matters, &c. dying or becoming bankrupts.

CLXXIil. Nothing in this ad contained is to prejudice any reaedy again ft the fureties of officers.

CLXXIV. For faving the rights of the Trinity Houfe.

CLXXV. Rights of the corporation of London not to be prejudiced.

Lord mayor empowered as confervator of the river Thames, to punifh offences againft this ad, &c.

CLXXVI. This ad not to extend to prevent the admiralty from laying down mooring chains below Greenland dock.for the ufe of the King's ffiips.

CLXXVII. Power to mitigate penalties or forfeitures,

CLXXVUI. Parties aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions.

CLXXIX. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered.

CLXXX. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form.

CLXXXL Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form.

CLXXXII. Application of penalties and forfeitures.

CLXXXIII. Punifhment for giving falfe evidence, or fwearing falfcly.

CLXXXIV. The treafurer of the company may be made the nominal plaintiff or defendant in adions, and fuits to be brought by or againft the company.

CLXXXV. Ad of 24. Geo. a. for rendering juftices of the peace more fafe in the execution of their office, extended to this ad ; and as to adions brought for any thing done in purfuance of this ad. General illue may be pleaded. Treble cofts.

CLXXXVI. Publick ad.

C A P,

Hosted by Go< le

H H 4

Public Local and Perfonal Ads

[1800.

_ Cap 73.

An aft For making and maintaining a tunnel or road under the river Thames, from or near to the town of Gravefend, in the county of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort in the county ofEfiex.— [July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a tunnel or road, of a convenient breadth for the paflage of cattle and carriages, under the river Thames, from or near to Gravefend, in the county of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the county of Effex, in fuch manner that an uninterrupted land communication might be opened between the oppofite (liores of the counties of Kent and Effex, would be attended ot only with great advantage to thofe particular counties, but would alfo be of great national advantage as a military road or pafs. Certain perfons incorporated by the name of, The Company of Proprietors of the Tunnel under the River Thames. Proprietors to raife thirty thousand pounds for making the tunnel, to be divided into (hares of one hundred pounds each. Shares to be perfonal eftate. Subfcribers to have a vote for every (hare. Form of appointment of proxies. Proprietors may raife twenty thoufand pounds, by additional proprietors or mortgage. ' Intereft of money borrowed to be paid in preference to dividends. Six months notice to be given of paying off money. Affignees not to vote on account of having lent money. Proprietors (hall affemble on Wed-nefday fortnight after palling this aft, at the London Tavern, and the firft Wednefday in May in every year afterwards. Chairman to be appointed. A committee to be appointed. Proprietors may make bye laws. General affemblies for choofing committees to conlift of one hundred (hares. Affembly of proprietors may be fpecially convened. General affembly to cleft and appoint officers, and take fecurity from them. Officers, &c. to account. Powers of the committees. Committees to make calls. Shares may be forfeited, but no advantage to be taken of forfeiture, without perfonal notice. On the death of fubfcriber6 before (hare completed, executors may do it. Shares may be fold. Form of conveyance of (hares. After a call no (hare to be fold until fuch call (hall be paid. Regulations as to the acquifition of (hares by marriage, by will, or in courfe of adminiftration. Names of proprietors to be entered, and certificates of their (hares delivered to them. Power to make and maintain a tunnel or road under the river Thames, from any point between one hundred yards weft of a mefluage in the occupation of Jeremiah Howard, in the parifh of Northfleet, and one quarter of a mile eaftward of the new Tavern Bridge, in the parilh of Milton, next Gravefend, in the county of Kent, and between the oppofite points on the fhore, of the county of EiTex. Contracts to be advertifed. The company not to take, ufe, injure, or damage, for the purpofes of the tunnel, any houfe or other building built on or before June 24, 1799, or any land ufed for a garden, orchard, yard, park, &c. without the content of the owners, and occupiers thereof. The company are not to enter the lands and grounds of John Caleraftor George Errington, efqrs. Bodies politick empowered to fell and convey lands. Contra6ts and fairs to be made at the expence of the company.- Form of conveyance to the company. Satisfaction to be made. Yearly rents charged on the rates. If parties are difl'atisfied, value to be ascertained by a jury. Fine upon iheriffs, &c. making default. Expences of witneffes and jury, by whom to be paid. Perfons requefting juries to enter into bonds to profecute. Notice of injury to be given to proprietors. Satisfaftion to be made for tythes. Verdift to value lands, and damages to be ascertained feparately. Verdicts to be recorded. Power to enter and take poffeffion of lands, &c. on payment or tender of purchafe money. Purchase money belonging to corporations, &c. to be laid out to the fame ufes. For re-inverting purchaie monies.. Damages not provided for to be fettled Tolls for parting through the tunnel. For every wheel on every coach, chariot, chilifc, &c. two (hillings and fixpence. For every wheel on every

waggon

Hosted by Google

i§qq.]	39 Gep. III. c. 73*.	489*

waggon or cart one {hilling. For every horfe one {billing.' For every afs three pence. For every drove of cows, oxen or neat cattle fifteen {hillings a fcore. For every drove of calves, fwine, fheep or lambs; three {hillings and four-pence a {core. For geefe or turkeys two pence halfpenny a fcore. For every foot pafienger two pence. Tolls not to be taken at both gates. To enforce payment of tolls. And whereas the conveyance of his Majefty’s troops and military {tores, by boats, barges, and other veffiels, from the oppolite fhores of the counties of Kent and Effiex, acrofs the river Thames, is attended with a great expence : and whereas it has appeared to the lords commiffioners Of his Jvlajefty’s. trea-fury, that the making of the faid tunnel would be attended with a great national advantage, for the purpofe of conveying troops and military ftores through the fame, by which the expence of providing boats, barges, and other veffiels, will be avoided, and the troops and (lores be more expeditioufty conveyed ; be it therefore enabled, That no toll {hall be demanded or taken fer or in refpett of any officer or foldier upon match oy upon duty, or for or in refpedt of any horfe, cattle, or carriage employed in carrying or conveying the arms or baggage of any luch officer or foldier, or in carrying or conveying any fick, wounded, or difabled officer or foldier, or in carrying or conveying any cannon, ordnance or military {lores, or for or in refpedl of any horfe, mare, or gelding, furnifhed by or for any perfons, in any corps or troop of volunteer cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning from rhe piace appointed, for and on the days of exercife, provided that fuch perfons be dreffied in the uniform of their refpe<5live corps or troops, or for or jn refpedt of any fuch volunteer, or for or in refpe£t of any perfon or perfops, or carriage or carriages, of what defeription foeyer, or horfe or horfes. employed in conveying the mail or packet, which (hall be made up under the authority or direction of his Majefty’s poll mailer general" or his deputy or deputies, in confideration of which faid feveral exemptions the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury fhall pay pr. caufe to be paid, to the faid company of proprietors, in each and every year, the clear fum of one thoufand pounds, the fame to be paid by four equal quarterly payments, the firft of fuch quarterly payments to be computed from the day on which the laid tunnel /hall be rendered paffable for horfes, catrle and carriages; and if any perfon fhall claim and, take the benefit of any of the exemptions from toil afore faid, not being entitled to the fame, every fuch perlbn fhall, for every fuch oftence, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding forty {hillings. If the one thoufand pounds is not paid to the proprietors they may take tolls. Proprietors to furnifh boats for government, whilft the tunnel is repairing.

Tolls may be altered. Lamps to be affixed againft walls, Sec. Penalty’ on wilfully damaging lamps, Sec. On nonpayment offender to be committed. Perfons accidently damaging lamps, &c. to make fatis-faction. And be it further enabled. That all perfons whofoeycr fhall have free liberty to pafs through the faid tunnel, and to lead or drive through the fame, any horfe, cattle or other beaks, and carriage, geefe, and turkies, upon payment of fuch tolls as fhall be demanded by the faid company of proprietors, not exceeding the refpe<5live fums herein mentioned, and fubjedt to the rules and regulations which fhall be from time to time made by the laid company of proprietors, by virtue of the powers herein granted ; provided that no perfon 01 perfons {hall, with or without any horfe, cattle, or other beaft or carriage, geefe or turkies, without the content of the faid company of proprietors or their committee, pafs through the faid tunnel at any other times, than between the hours of feven in the morning, and five in the evening, during the months of November, December, January, and Febuaiy, between the hours of five in the morning, and eight in the evening, during the months of March, April, September and October, and between the hours of four in the morning and nine in the evening, during the months of May, June, July and Auguft, in every year; and the faid company of proprietors fhall, and they are hereby required to keep the faid tunnel well and fufficiently lighted up for and during thg hours required in the faid months as afortffiaid*. (lave and ex.eptfoi* and

duiing

Hosted by Google

49Q*

Public Local and Perfonal Ads’ [1800.

during fuch time or times as the faid tunnel or any part thereof or any or the works thereunto belonging fhall be repairing, or the paffage through the fame fhall be by any accident impeded or prevented) and in default thereof the faid company of proprietors fhall forfeit and pay for every offence the fum of twenty pounds, to any perfon or per-ions, who fhall fue for the fame, to be recovered, with full cofts of luit, by action of debt, or on the cafe, bill, plaint or information, wherein no eiloin, protection, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance fhall be allowed. Eighty pounds a year to be paid to his Majefty as a fa-tisfaCtion for his ferry over the river Thames. Thirty pounds a year to be paid to the corporation of Graveiend for their ferry over the river Thames. Ferries velted in the company. Company to ufe the ferries when the tunnel is repairing. Penalty on damaging the works. And be it further enadted, That all adts and offences done or committed within the faid tunnel, or within any part or parts thereof, fituate, lying and being under the faid river Thames, iliall be deemed to have been done aild committed within either of the faid counties of Kent or Effex, and fhall be enquired of, examined into, and cognizable by the feveral juftices of the faid counties refpeCtively ; and all a&ions, bills, fuits, informations and indictments may be brought, laid, tried and profecuted, in either of the faid counties of Kent or Effex. How the tunnel fhall he rated. Tunnel not to be under the commiflioners of fewers. Rights of the city of London faved. Subferibcrs compelled to pay their fub^ fcriptions. Fines and forfeitures. Perfons aggrieved by irregularity in diftrefs to recover only the fpecial damages. Form of conviction. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form nor removed by certiorari. Limitation of actions. Treble cofts. Publick aCt.

Cap. 83.

An aCt for enabling his Majefty to incorporate by charter a company to be called The Globe Infurance Company, for infurance on lives, and againft lofs or damage fyy fire, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.— [Julyn> 1799.]

WHEREAS it hath been confidered, that it would in many refpeCts be greatly advantageous to the pufilick, if a corporation were eftablifned for making or effecting infurances on lives, and infurances againft lofs or damage by fire, and for granting, purchafing, or felling annuities for lives, or on furvivorfhip, and for granting fums of money payable at future periods, within the kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, and any other parts abroad; and for receiving depofits of thte funds belonging to, and aCting as treasurers thereof for benefit of friendly focieties, and other charitable and benevolent inftitutions; and alfo for making provi(ions for the widows and children of the clergy, and for clergymen, and for the receiving depofits from or on account of the members of the indrntrious climes of fociety, and others, upon fuch terms, and in fuch manner, as fhould be agreed upon between the faid corporation, and the perfons or focieties treating with the fame corporation for the purpofes aforefaid; be it therefore enaCted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords ipiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for. his Majefty, by charter or indenture under the great feal of Great Britain, to declare and grant, that fuch and fo many perfons as fhall be n imecl therein, and all andevery fuch other perfons and perfon, as from time to lime fhall be duly admitted members into their corporation, fhall be oneditiinCt and feparate body politick and corporate, by the name of Trie Globe infurance company.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, in and by the faid charter or indent me, to declare that the faid corporation* fa to be created and

eft&blithed*

Hosted by Google

i8oo]

9 Geo. III. c. 83*.

eftablifhed, {hall and may make or effect infurances on the life or lives of any perfon or perfons whomfoever, or on ho life?, warehoufes, chambers, or other edifices or buildings, goods, wares, or merchandizes, ihips, veiTels, barges, and other craft, with their cargoes, in port or uled on navigable canals, farming flock, and ail other property, againft Jofs or damage by fire, in all parts and places whatsoever, either within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, or elf:where abroad, whether wjthin his Majelty’s dominions or not; and all'o (hall and may grant, pUrchafe, and fell annuities for lives, or on furvivorfhip, and grant lfims of money payable at future periods within the kingdom of Great Britain',.or Ireland, and any other parts abroad, whether within his Majefty’s dominions or not ; and fhall and may receive depofits of funds of tontine focieties, and of her inftitutions, eftablilhed for granting future advantages, and depofits of funds belonging to, and ad. as treafurer thereof for, benefit or friendly focieties, and other charitable and benevolent inftitutions; and make provifion for the widows and children of the clergy, and for clergymen, and receive depofits from or on account of members of the induftrious claffes of fociety, and others $ and to make prdvifion for members of the induftrious claffes of fociety, and others, by allowing intcreft on fuch depofits made, or otherwife, upon fuch terms and conditions, and in luch manner as fhall or may be agreed upon between the laid corporation fo to be created and eftablifhed, and the perfons and focieties treating with the faid corporation, for the purpofts herein-before mentioned.

Ill* Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all fuch depofits made by individuals, Ihall not be payable by the faid corporation at a lefs period than fix calendar months from the time fuch depofits fhall have been made.

IV.	And be.it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for his faid Majefty, in and by the lai'd charter or indenture, to declare that the faid corporation, by the ft id name of The Giooe Infurunce Company, fhall have perpetual lucceffion, and ihall have full power and authority to aft in the premifes, and Dy the name aforefaid t6 do, perform, and execute, or caufe to be done, performed, and executed, all or any lawful afts, matters, and things whatsoever, in fuch manner, in all refpefts, as Ihall be neceffary, proper, or expedient for giving effect thereto^ and to declare that the (aid corporation ihall have power from" time to time to choofe its own direftors, and other officers and ftrvants, for the management of the affairs of the faid corporation, in fuch manner, and under fuch qualifications, as fhall be prefer*bed in arid by the faid charter or indenture to be granted or made in that behalf; nevcrthelefs the firft direftors of the faid corporation fhall or may be appointed by his Majefty, in and by the laid charter or indenture; and alio in the faid charter or indenture to declare that the laid firft direftors, and all fubfe-quent direftors, fhall continue in their refpcftitfe offices for fuch number of years, and in cale of death or removal, be fupplied in l'uch manner, as in l'uch charter or indenture Ihall be preferibed; an1 aifo in the laid charter or indenture to declare that the laid corporation (hall and may have and ufe a common leal only for the bulineis of the laid corporation, and l'uch leal fhall and may, from time to time, break, change, make new, or alter, as lhali be found moll expedient; and alfo in the laid charter or indenture to declare that the faid corporation Tnall be able and capable in law to purchafe, take, hold, and enjoy meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not exceeding m the whole the annual value of two thou-fand pounds, over ana belides fuch nxlinages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as may be charged with or made a fecurity tor the annuities to be purchafed by the Ibid corporation : provided mverthelefs. That the annual value of the media:ges, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be comprized in each purchafe, be taken to be of that annual value winch they were of at the time ot the purchafe thereof; and alio in and by the faid charter or indenture to declare that any perfon or perfons, bodies politick cr corporate, may give, grant, bargain, fell, or convey to the laid corporation any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the life and

benefit

Hosted by

Google

492*	Public	Local	and Perfonal A£ts [i8qo.

benefit of the fajd corporation, potwithftanding the ftatute of mortmain ; and alfo to declare that the faid corporation fhall have full power and ability at law, to fell, grant, alien, demife, o^ difpofe of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of or to which they fhall fo become feifed or entitled as aforefaid, or any part thereof, at their free will and pleaiure ; and be able and capable in law or equity to fue and implede, and be fued and impleaded, and anfwer and be anfwered, defend or be defended, in any courts of law or equity, or elfewhere, in all actions, fuits, apd caufes whatfoever, relating to the infurances, annuities, deports, contracts, engagements, or their capital joint ftock, or any of their eftates or effeCts, or for or upon account of any other matter or thing whatsoever concerning the faid corporation.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That in the faid charter or indenture it fhall be provided, that the faid corporation, fo to be created and efta-blifhed as aforefaid* fhall be obliged from time to time during its continuance to caufe fuch a ftock of ready money, or fuch fhare or (hares of the parliamentary flocks or publick funds of Great Britain, to be provided and reierved, and to be immediately fubjeCt to the difpofttion of the faid corporation, as fir all be futficient to anfwer all the juft demands upon them on account of the faid policies of aflurance, and any deeds, cdntraCts or engagements, to be made or executed, or entered into by the faid corporation; and that the faid corporation (hall fatisfy, pay, and difeharge the fame demands from time to time according to the tenor of the faid policies of aflurance, deeds, contracts, and engagements, and the true meaning of this aCt, and the charter fo to be granted as aforefaid; and in cafe of refufal or negleCt to anfwer the faid demand, the per-fon or perfons, fociety or focieties, whofe claim, or demand fhall be fo negleCted or refilled, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, may, during the exiftence of fuch claims or demands, refpeCtively bring his, her, or their aCtion of debt, or on the cafe, by bill, fuit, or information, for the money demanded, againlt the faid corporation refilling or negleCting to pay as aforefaid, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfter or elfewhere, wherein noeffoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be granted or allowed; and thTat in fuch aCtion, bill, fuit, or information, the plaintiff or plaintiffs may declare that the fame corporation is indebted to him, her, or them, m the money fo demanded, and have not paid the fame, and thereqpon the plaintiff of plaintiffs fhall recover againft the laid corporation (ingle damages and full colts of fuit, and the ftock and effects of the laid corporation (hall be alfo fubjeCt and liable thereto.

’ VI. And beit further enaCted, That the faid focieties refpeCtively may commence or bring fuch aCtion, bills, information or informations, againft the faid corporation, in the name or names of the preficlent or prefidents, truftee or truftees of, or other perfon or perfons prefixing over, representing or aCting for fuch fociety or focieties, and that the actions, bills, fuits or informations fo brought, fhall, to all intents and porpofes, be as good and effectual as if the fame were commenced or brought in the names of all the perfons compofing fuch fociety or fociexiep, and no advantage fhall be taken thereof, or objection made thereto; any law, practice, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof notwith-withft.mding.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the corporation fo to be created as aforefaid, which fhall have or receive any part of the monies, cffeCts, or funds of fuch fociety or iocieties, or fhall in any manner be intrufted with the dilpoiition, management, or c'lftody thereof, qr of any fecurities relating to the fame, fh:dh upon demand made in purfuance of any order by fuch fociety or committee appointed in fuch mariner as is directed by an aCt palled in the thirty-third year of his prefect Majefty, intituled, ‘An aCt for the encouragement and relief of friepdly focieties/ give in the account or accounts of the faid corporation with fuch fociety or focieties, at a general meeting of any fuch fociety, or to fuch committee thereof as a? ore faid, to be examined and allowed or difalloived; and the faid corporation fhall on fuch demand fo to be made in manner aforefaid, pay

over

Hosted by

Google

i8oo.]	39	Geo.	III.	c. 83*.

• over all the monies then remaining and bfcing in the hands or cuftody of the iaid corporation, and affign and trarisfer or deliver all feciirities, effects, or funds, taken, or itanding iti the name, or remaining in the hands or cuftody of the laid corporation, to the treafurer or treafurers, or truftee or truftees for the time being, or to fuch perfon or perfons as fuch fociety lhall appoint ; and in cafe of any negledt or refufal to deliver filch adcount, or to pay over fuch monies, or to affign, transfer, or deliver fuch feeiirities or funds, in manner aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for every fuch fociety, in the name of the treafurer or treafurers, truftee or truftees, (as the cafe may be), or fuch perfon or perfons as fuch fociety or focieties fhall appoint, to exhibit a petition againft the faid corpotation fo to be created as aforefaid, in the high court of chancery, or the court of exchequer in England, or the court of feffion in Scotland, or the courts of great feffions in Wales re-fpe£tively, who fhall and may proceed (thereupon in a fummary way, and make fuch order therein, upon hearing all parties concerned, as to fuch court in their difcretion fhall feem juft; and all alignments and transfers made in purfuance of fuch order fhall be good and die&uai in law to all intents and purpofes whatsoever.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no fee, reward, emolument, or gratuity whatfoever, fhall be demanded, taken, or received by any officer or minifter of fuch court, for any matter or thing done in fuch court, in purfuance of this a iff, by any fuch fociety as aforefaid; and that upon the piefenting of any fuch petition it fhall be lawful for the lord high chancellor, the mafter of the rolls, and the barons of the exchequer refpedlively in England, or the lords of feffion in Scotland, or the judges of any of the courts of great feffions in Wales, to affign counfel learned in the law, and to appoint a clerk of fuch court to advife and carry on fuch petition on the behalf of fuch fociety, who are hereby refpedtively required to do their duties therein without fee or reward; and that no fuch proceedings in fuch court in purfuance of this adt fhall be chargeable with any ftamp duty.

IX.	And be it alfo further enadted, That in the charter or indenture for eftablilhing the faid corporation, it fhall be provided, that in all adtions to be fued or commenced againft the faid corporation, upon any policy of affiurance, deed, contradt, or engagement, under the common feal of the faid corporation, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid corporation in fuch adtion or fuit to plead generally, that they owe nothing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch adtion or fuit; and that in all adtions of covenant which fhall be fued or commenced againft the faid corporation, upon any fuch policy of aflurance under the common feal o( the faid corporation, it fhall and may be lawful for the laid corporation in fuch adtion or fuit to plead generally, that they have not broken the covenants in fuch policy, deed, contradt, or engagement contained, or any of them ; and if thereupon ilfue fhall be joined, it fhall and may be lawful for the jury if they fee caufe, upon the trial of fuch iffue, to find a verdidt for the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch luit or adtion, and to give fo much or fuch part only of the fum demanded, if it be ail adtion of debt, or fo much in damage, if it be an adtion of covenant, as it fhall appear to them upon the evidence given upon fuch trial, fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs ought in jultice to have oris or are entitled to; any law or cuftom to the contrary not-withftanding.

X.	And to the intent that fufficient provifion of money may be made for anfwering and paying juft demands upon the laid corporation, and to furnifti the faid corporation with money for its neceffary and lawful ficcalions ; it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation fhall be obliged, by force and virtue of the laid charter or indenture fo to be granted or made as aforefaid, to raife a fum of- money, not lefs than five hundred thoufaird pounds, and not exceeding one million, within fuch time or times, not exceeding* a period of two years and an half, tc be computed from the time the laid charter of incorporation fhall be granted, and by fuch proportions, and.

in

493*



Hosted by Google

Public Lbca! and Perfonal Adis . [1800

in fii:h manner, as in and by the faid charter or indenture {hall lye appointed, and the money fo to be railed fhn.ll be and be called The Extraordinary Capital Stock belonging to the faid Corporation; and that in the faid charter or indenture, fo to be granted or made as aforefaid, a provision fhall be inferted, that the faid corporation, intended to be created and elbblifhed, is to be created and eflabliihed upon this condition, that the Cud corporation do and fhall lay out and invert the fum of three hundred thcufand pounds, (part of the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds extraordinary o'i* capital ltock), within three calendar months next after the fame fhall be raifed in manner aforefaid, in the purchafe of land tax upon houfes. under an aft parted in the lift fefiion of parliament, intituled, ‘An aft for making perpetual, iuhject to redemption and purchafe in the manner therein fiated, the feveral Turns of money now charged in G reat Britain as “a land tax for one year from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight#’ and al'o do and fhall, with one moiety or half part of the net profits which fhall arife to the faid corporation from the laid eftablifhment, which fhall remain afterpayment of five pounds per centum per annum to the proprietors on the capital Hock, and all falaries and other expence^ attending the inftitution, lay out fuch moieties as they (hall* arife, after? making fuch deductions as aforefaid, in the purchafe of the faid land tax upon houfes, from time to time, until the fum of feven hundred thoufand founds fhall have been fo laid out as aforefaid, urfcfs the whole of the faid land tax upon houfes fhall previoufly thereto have been redeemed or fold; and that the faid corporation fhall be allowed ,to purchafe the faid land tax upon the fame terms and conditions, as the owners of lands now are or 11 eteafter may* be entitled to redeem or purchafe by the fame or any future abt; but the intereft or produce arifing from the faid fum of three hundred thou-ihnd pounds, and fuch moieties of the faid profits as fhall be laid out ill the purchafe of land tax as aforefaid, fhail not be confidefed or taken ns part of the profits out of which the faid fum of feven hundred thou-land pounds, or any part thereof, is to proceed; and alfo that the fum of five pounds per centum per annum, upon all the faid money to be raifed as aforefaid, (excepting the faid. fum of three hundred thoufand pounds fo to he laid out as aforefaid), fhall be deduced out of the faid moiety or half part of the faid net profits, before the fame fhall be applied in the purchafe of the faid land tax, in manner herein-before mentioned.

XL Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby farther ena£ted. That a provifion (hall be inferted in the faid charter, that the faid corporation fhall, within three calendar months after the date of the faid charter, enter into a fuffident contract or contra&s, according to the provifions of the feveral ads paffed in the laft and prefent fefiions of parliament for the redemption of the land tax,,that the faid corporation fhall and will lay out and invert the fum of three hundred thoufand pounds, part of the laid five hundred thoufand pounds extraordinary or capital ftcck* in the purchafe of the land tax on houfes, or land tax, as provided by this ad, and that the faid corporation fhall in fuch contfad or contrads undertake that they (hall and will lay out and inveft one hundred thoufand pounds, part of the faid three hundred thoufand pounds, in the purchafe of the land tax on houfes, or land tax, as aforefaid, within one year after the date of the faid charter; and that they (hall and will lay but one hundred thoufand pounds, other part of the faid three hundred thoufand pounds, in fuch purchafe as aforefaid, within two years after the date of the faid charter; and that they fhall and will lay out one hundred thoufand pound?, refidue of the faid three hundred thoufand pounds, within three calendar months next after the extraordinary or cipital flock fhall be raifed as aforefaid, in the further purchafe of the land tax on houfes, or land tax, as aforefaid.

XI I. And be it further enadted, That the directors of the faid corporation fhall yearly lay, or caufe to be laid, before each houfe of parliament a true account of the receipt and application of all monies which fhall be received by the faid corporation by virtue of this a<5t.

.. XIII. And

Hosted by Google

i8oo.]	39	Cjeo.	til.	c.	83*.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That in the charter or indenture fo to be executed or made as aforefaid, it fhall be declared, that all and every perfons or perfon by or for whom any fubfcription (hall be made

or accepted, or any payment made purfuant to the orders of any	+

general court or courts, authorifed by the faid charter or indenture to be held by the faid corporation for that purpofe, for or towards the raifing of the faid capital joint Itock as aforefaid, his, her, and 'their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns refpe&ively, fhall have and be entitled to a fhare of and in the faid capital joint ftock of the faid corporation, in proportion to the monies to which he, file, or they fhall have fo contributed towards making up the fame, and to a proportional fhare of the profits and advantages attending the capital ftock of the faid corporation, and fhall be admitted to be a member or members of the fame.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed, That no perfon or perfons fhall be entitled to any greater fhare in the capital or joint ftock of the faid corporation, than the money which he, fhe, or they fiiall have paid towards the fame; and that the feveral members of the faid corporation do and fiiall refpeCtively ftand refponfible and anfvverable for all juft debts and demands of the creditors of the faid corporation, to the full amount of their feveral and relpedtive fhares in the capital of the faid joint ftock, but fhall not be any further or othenvife liable, either perfonally, or in their feveral and relpeCtive lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, or effects, for any undertakings, engagements, contnCts, or agreements enteied into by the faid corporation * or be fubjeCt or liable, by reafon of his or their being members of the faid corporation, or of any cf the a<5ts of the faid corporation, to the ftatutes refpedfting bankrupts, or any of them.

XV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation fhall not borrow or take up by way of loan, any fum of fums of money whatfoever, other than by a fubfcription for fhares, in manner herein-before mentioned.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That in the charter or indenture to be made and executed as aforefaid, it fhall be declared, that the faid corporation to be thereby ere&ed and eftablifhed, for better enabling the fame to anfwer all juft demands upon the policies of affurance for loftes, deeds, contracts, or engagements, or othenvife as aforefaid, at any time or times during the continuance of the faid corporation, according to the true intent and meaning of this a<ft, fhall have power in the general court of the faid corporation, from time to time as the faid corporation fhall fee caufe, to call in or direct to be paid from and by the refpeCtive members thereof for the time being, according to their refpe<ftive fhares in the capital ftock which fhall belong to the faid corporation, any fum or fums of money fubferibed by them to the faid undertaking, and fuch further fum or fums of money, as by any general court fhall from time to time be judged neceffary, or be ordered to be called in or raifed; and that all executors, adminiftrators, guardians, truftees, or mortgagees, fhall be indemnified in paying, and are hereby empowered to pay in their refpeCtive proportions of the money fo called for; and in cafe any member or members, who fiiall be required to pay in money upon any call or calls to be made purfuant to this a<5t, fiiall refufe or neglefr to pay his, her, or their fhare of the money fo called for, at the time or times appointed for that purpofe by notice inferted in the London Gazette, and upon the royal exchange irr London, it fiiall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, and their fuccelfors, to flop the fhare, profits, or dividends, which fhall from time to time become payable from the faid corporation, to fuch member or members fo neglecting and refuting, and to apply the fame from time to time for or towards payment of the fhare of money fo called for, and which ought to have been paid by fuch member or members fo neglecting or refuting, until the fame fiiall be fat.isfied, and alfo to flop the transfers and alignments of the fhare and fhares of every fuch defaulter and defaulters, and to charge fuch defaulter or defaulters with intereft, after

Hosted by GoOglC

496*	Public	Local	and	Perfonal	A£ls	[iSco:

the rate of five pounds per cenrum per annum, for the money fo by him, het, or them omitted to be paid, from the time the fame was appointed to be paid, until the payment thereof, and that the fhare and flock, and fliares and flocks, of fuch defaulter and defaulters, fhall be liable to make good and anfwer the fakl monies fo appointed to be paid, and the intereft thereof as a fo refold ; and in cafe the fame principal and intereft fhall be unpaid by the fpace of three calendar months, then the laid corporation, or the court of directors for the time being, fhall have power to authorife fuch perfon or p'erfons as they fhall re-fpecftively think fit, to fell, aflign, and transfer fo riiiich of the faid flock or (locks of fuch defaulter or defaulters as will fatisfy and pay the fame, rendering the overplus (if any) to the proprietors; arid the money fo called for and paid in fhall be deemed capital flock, and fhall be written in the books of the faid corporation, and the refpedtive members paying the fame fhall have credit in the faid books for their refpedtive proportions or (hares thereof; ncverthelefs the faid corporation, arid their fucceffors, in a general court, from time to time, when they judge their affairs will admit thereof, fhall or may caufe any fum or fums of money which (hail be fo called in, or any part thereof, to be divided and diflributed amongfl the then members of the faid corporation!, according to and in proportion to their refpedtive fhare or {hares which they fhall then have of or in the capital flock of the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That the particular fhare and fhares •	of	the refpedtive members, of or* in the capital or joint flock of the faid

corporation, from time to time fhall be transferable, affignable, and devifable, and their bills, bonds, and obligations, fit all be affignable and recoverable in fuch manner and^form as his Majefty, by the faid charter or indenture, fhall preicribe and appoint, as well in relation to fuch fhare and fliares of flock, as in reference to fuch bills, bonds, or obligations refpedtively j and that the capital flock of the faid corporation, intended to be created and eflablifhed in purfuance of this adt, and the fhare and intereft of each and every particular member thereof and therein, fhall be deemed and judged in all courts of law and equity, and elfewhere, to be a perfonal and not a real eftate, and fhall go to the executors or adminiflrators of the perfon or perfons dying poflefled thereof or entitled thereunto, and not to the heir of fuch perfon or perfons ; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIil. And be it forther enabled, That the capital flock of the faid corporation, to he eflablifhed purfuant to this adt, fhall, dtiring the continuance thereof, be exempted, and it is hereby exempted, from any tax-s, rates, aiTefiments, or impofitions whatfoever, by adl of parliament or otherwise, fave and except the taxes, rates, affeffments, impofitions, and duties, impofed by an adl, pafied in the prefent feffion of parliament, for repealing the duties impofed by an adt made in the lafl fefliori of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war, and for granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties; and that no perfon who fhall be diredlor, or other officer of the Laid corporation, to be created as aforefaid, fhall for that caufe only be difabled from being a member of parliament, nor fhall, in refpidt of fuch fhare or fliares, be or be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt, within the intent and meaning of all or any of the ftatiifes made of or concerning bankrupts ; and that no flock in the faid corporation fhall be fuhjedt or liable to any foreign attachment, by the cuftom of London or otherwife; any law or ftatute to the contrary Hot-withftandmg.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful fot his Majefty, in and by the faid charter or indenture, to grant to the laid corporation, thereby to be created or conftituted, power to make bye laws and ordinances, and fuch further powers, authorities, privileges, and advantages, relating to the objedrs of the faid corporation, and fdi the management or regulation of the concerns thereof, as to his Ma-jt'fly fhalffeem moll expedient, and as in the fame charter or inderitun

Hosted by Google

18oo.3	39	Geo.	III. c. 83*.

fhall be expreffed; and that the claufe, and provifions to be mentioned in the faid charter or indenture fliall to all intents, effedts, conftrudtions, and purpofes whatfoever, have the fame force and effrdt as if the fame had been contained in this adt.

XX.	And whereas it may be difficult hereafter for the faid corporation to find fufficient land tax on houfes, to purchafe in manner diredted by this adt, unlefs they purchafe land tax on houfes in diltant and remote parts of the kingdom, and may not be able to purchafe land tax on houfes without manifeft lofs and inconvenience; be it enadted, That if at any time it {ball feem proper to the lords of the treafury,. on repre-fentation made to them by the faid corporation, to empower the faid corporation to purchafe land tax inftead of land tax on houfes, land tax fo purchafed (hall be confidered as an equivalent for the land tax on houfes directed to be purchafed by this adt.

XXI.	And be it further enadted, That the adt made and palled in the feventeenth year of his prefent Majeity, intituled, ‘ An adt for regiftering the grants of fife annuities, and for the better protedtion of infants againlt fuch grants,' or any claufe or provifion therein contained, fhall not extend to or in anywife affedl any annuities to be granted by the faid corporation.

XXII.	And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or perfons (hall forge or counterfeit the common feal of the faid corporation, to be created and eftablifhed purfuant to this ad, or fhall forge, counterfeit, or alter any policy, d^ed, bill, bond or obligation, under the common feal of the laid corporation, or fhall offer to, difpofe of, or pay away any fuch forged, counterfeited, or altered policy, deed, bill, bond, or obligation, knowing the fame to be fuch, or (hall demand the money therein contained, or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of or from the faid corporation, or any of the officers of the faid corporation, knowing fuch policy, deed, bill, bond, or obligation, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud the faid corporation, or any perfon or perfons whomfoever, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being convidted thereof in due form of law, (hall be guilty of felony, and fuffer as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted, That this aft (hall be deemed, judged, and taken to be a publick adt, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges and other perfons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

XUL	^	*It

Hosted by Google

Hosted by Google

Hosted by Google

Hosted by Google

THE

tatutes at Harge,

Anno	tricejimo nonoet quadragejimo

GEORG II III. Regis:

Being the FOURTH Seffion of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

■VOL.-XLII. PART II.

Hosted by Google

Hosted by Google

A

TABLE

OF ALL THE

STATUTES

Pafied in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of his Majefty

KING GEORGE the THIRD.

PUBL1CK GENERAL ACTS,

Cap. i. 'Y? O R enabling his Majefty to accept the fervices of JL? an additional number of volunteers from the militia, under certain reftridfions.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majefty a duty on penfions, offices, and perfonal eftates, in England, Walesy and the town of Bervj'ick upon Tweed; and certain duties on fugar, malt, tobacco, and fnuff, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 4. For raifing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred ; and for permitting exchequer bills, ifTued under an adt of the laft feffion of parliament, for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the confolidated fund, and for other purpofes, if not paid by a certain day, to be received in payment of any of the branches of the publick revenue.

Cap. 5. For enabling his Majefty to diredf the ifliie of exchequer bills to a limited amount, and in the manner therein mentioned, for the relief of the merchants of Liverpool and Lancajler•

Cap. 6. To enable the lords commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury to iffue exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of fuch monies as may arife by virtue of an adi of the thirty-

a 2	eighth

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

A TABLE of the STATUTES

eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for granting certain additional duties of ouftoms on goods exported and imported, and on tonnage of (hips entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the figning the preliminary articles of peace ; and upon an a61 of laft feffion of parliament for granting certain duties upon income.

Cap. 7. To prohibit, until the firft day of March one thou-fand eight hundred, the making of low wines or fpirits,, from wheat, barley, malt, or other fort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or any bran, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 8. For reducing, until the fir ft day of 'June one thoufand eight hundred, the duties upon fpirits diftilled from melafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith ; for prohibiting the diftillation of fpirits from wheat or wheat flour; and for reducing, until the twentieth day of September one thoufand eight hundred, and better coliedling the duties payable on the importation of ftarch.

Cap. 9. To continue, until the twentieth day* of February one thoufand eight hundred, feveral laws relating to the prevention and punifhment of attempts to feduce perfons ferving in his Majefty’s forces; to the empowering his Majefty to accept the fervices of fuch parts of the militia of this kingdom as may offer to ferve in Ireland; to the admiffion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral fhips, and the iiluing of orders in council for that purpofe; to the authoriflng his Majefty to make regulations refpedfing the trade to the Cape of Good Hope; to the eftablifhing courts of judicature in the ifland of Newfoundland; to the enabling his Majefty to permit goods to be imported into this kingdom in neutral fhips ; and to continue, until the thirtieth day of September one thoufand eight hundred, an acl of the laft feflion of parliament, for enabling his Majefty to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provifion, without payment of duty.

Cap. 10. To extend the period, limited by an a<5l of the laft feflion of parliament, for the benefit of preference to certain bodies, companies, and perfons, in contra&ing for the redemption of land tax, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-' fand eight hundred.

Cap. 11. To amend fo much of an acft, made ip the laft feflion of parliament, for granting certain duties upon income, as relates to the appropriation of the faid duties and of the duties upon goods imported and exported, granted by an a£t of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

Cap. 12. To enable the commiftioners of the cuftoms to allow, until the firft day of April one thoufand eight hundred, Eriiifh plantation fugars to be warehoufed ; to revive fo much, ef an a<5t, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the afeertaining the average price of fugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof ; and for allowing, until the fifth day of May one thoufand eight hundred, certain drawbacks on fugar exported.

Cap,

Hosted by Google

(Public General) 39 & 40 GEO. Ill-

Cap. 13. For allowing further time for the payment of in** ftalments on'certain fums of money advanced by way of loan to feveral perfons connected with and trading to the iilands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Cap. 14. For empowering his Mojefty to ihorten the time for the meeting of parliament in cafes of adjournment.

Cap. 15; For continuing, until the expiration of fix weeks after tne commencement of the next fefiion of parliament, an ad, made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majeily, intituled, An aft for empowering his Majefly for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the fcrvices of fuck parts of his militiaforces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themfelves to be employod in Ireland*

Cap. 16. For continuing, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the- next fefiion of parliament, an ad, made in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled. An aft for the better prevention and pnnifoment of attempts to feduce perfons ferving in his Majeftf s forces, by fea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majefly, or to incite them to mutiny or difobedience.

Cap. 17. To continue, until the firft day of March one thou-fand eight hundred and three, an acl, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for eflablifhing courts of judicature in the ifland of Newfoundland; and to continue, until the expiration of,forty days after the commencement of the next fefiion of parliament, feveral laws relating to the-admifiion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral fhips, and the iffuing cf orders ir* council for that purpofe; to the authorifing his Majefly to make regulations refpedting the trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the enabling his Majefly to permit goods to be impoited into this kingdom in neutral fhips.

Cap. 18. To prohibit, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next fefiion of parliament, any perfon or perfons from felling any bread which fhall not have been baked a certain time.

Cap. 1 q. To indemnify foch.perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify* juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifier or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for thofe purpofes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred ; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admifiions have been omitted to be flamped according to law, or having been (lamped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred, to provide admif-fions duly flamped ; to permit fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the firft day of Michaelmas term one thoufand eight hundred; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of *	a	3	"the

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

the militia, who have negleded to tranfmit defcriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed bylaw, and forextending the time limited for that purpofe, until the firft day of September one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 20. For farther continuing, until the firft day of February one thoufand eight hundred and one, an a (ft, made in the laft feftion of parliament, intituled. An aft for further contitiu-ing9 until the firft day of March one thoufand eight hundred, an aft^ wade in the laft feffton of parliament, intituled, 4 An aft to empower his Majejly to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Majejly Jhall fuf* peft are confpiring againft his perfon and governmentd

Cap. 21. To continue, until the firft day of February one thoufand eight hundred and one, an ad, made in this prefent fefllon of parliament, to prohibit the making of low wines or fpirits from wheat, or other fort of grain, or from meal, flour, or bran, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 22. For railing the fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds by way of annuities.

Cap. 23. For granting to his Majefty additional duties of excife on Britijh and foreign fpirits, and tea.

Cap. 24. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fhore.

Cap. 25. To prohibit, until the firft day of October one thoufand eight hundred, the ufe of wheat in making ftarch.

Cap. 26. For granting to his Majefty the fum of two hundred thoufand pounds, to be iffued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commifiioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 27. For punifhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 28. For eftablifhing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the fum of three millions, towards the fupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 29. For granting bounties outlie importation of wheat, wheaten flour, and rice, until the firft day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 30, For extending, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, the- period of preference, granted and continued by feveral ads to bodies corporate and perfons for the redemption of land tax ; and for enlarging feveral of the powers contained in the faid ads.

Cap. 31. For appointing commifiioners to put in execution an ad of this feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty a duty on penfions, offices^ and perfonal eftates, in England, Wales, and the toivn of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain duties onfugar, malt, tobacco, and'fnujjft for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred, together with thofe named in two former ads for appointing commiflioners of the land tax.

Cap,

Hosted by Google

(Public General) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

Cap, 32. For indemnifying perfons ferving in volunteer corps, who have omitted to take out certificates for wearing hair powder; and to amend fo much of an ad, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to bis Majefiy, a duty on certificates ijfiued for ufing hair powder, as relates to the exempting perfons ferving in volunteer corps, and certain officers in his Majefty’s navy ferving on the eftabliffiment of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, from the faid duty; and for obliging perfons claiming to be exempt from the duties on horfes provided and furnifhed for volunteer corps to deliver certificates thereof to the proper officers.

Cap. 33. To enable the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury to ifiue exchequer bills, to a limited amount, on the credit of fuch aids or fupplies as have been or {hall be granted by parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred ; and to enable the governor and company of the bank of England to advance cafh or bullion, to be remitted abroad on account of foreign fubfidies or fervices abroad.

Cap. 34. To permit the importation of goods and commodities from countries in America, belonging to any foreign European fovereign or {fate, in neutral (hips, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 35. For granting a bounty on the importation of oats, until the firfl: day of Ofiober one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 36. To enable courts of equity to compel a transfer of flock in fuits, without making the governor and company of the bank of England, or the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, or the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas or other parts of America, party thereto.

Cap. 37. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 38. For repealing fo much of an act, made in the laft feffion ot parliament, intituled/ An all for permitting certain goods imported from the Eaft Indies to be warehoufed; and for repealing the duties noiv payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof^ as relates to faltpetre.

Cap. 39. For increafing the rates of fubfiftence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering foldiers.

Cap. 40. To enlarge the powers of the directors and guardians of the poor within the feveral hundreds, towns, and diftrids, in that part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers ads of parliament, for the purpofe of the better maintenance and employment of the poor, as to the affetfments to be made upon the feveral parifhes, hamlets, and places therein, mentioned, until the firfl day of January one thoufand eight hundred and two.

Cap. 41. For explaining and amending feveral ads, made in the thirty-fecond year of King Henry the Eighth, and the firfl,

a 4	thirteenth.

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

thirteenth, and fourteenth years of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, fo far as refpeCts leafes granted by archbiftiops, biftiops, mafters and fellows of colleges, deans and chapters of cathedral and collegiate churches, mafters and guardians of hofpitals, and others having any fpiritual or ecclTiaftical living or promotion.

Cap. 42. For the better obfervance of Good Friday, in certain cafes therein mentioned.

Cap. 43. To confirm an agreement entered into between the commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury and the moft noble Charles duke of Richmond, in purfuance of an a£f, palled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act to enable the commijjioners of the treafury to contract with the moft noble Charles duke ^Richmond, for the abfolute pur chafe of the property of the faid duke, and of all others interejledin a certain duty of twelve-pence per chaldron on coals Jhipped in the river Tyne to be conjumed in England, and to grant a compenfation for the fame, by way of annuity, payable out of the confolidated fund.

Cap. 44. For granting, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, certain allowances to adjutants, ferjeant majors, and ferjeants of militia, difembodied under an a Bt of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for enabling his Majefy to accept the fervices of an additional number of volunteers from the militia, under certain refriftions.

Cap. 45. For making perpetual fo much of an a<5t, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for better fecuring the duties on glafs, as was to continue in force for a limited time; and to continue feveral laws relating to the granting a bounty upon certain fpecies of Britijh and Irijh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, until the twenty-fourth day of fune one thoufand eight hundred and one ; to the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain, to the encouraging the manufacture of Britijh fail cloth, and fecuring the duties on foreign-made fail cloth imported, to the fecuring the duties upon foreign-made fail cloth, and charging foreign-made fails with a duty, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; to the regulating the fees of the officers of the cuftoms, and of the naval officers in the Britijh colonies in America, and of the officers of the cuftoms in the illand of Newfoundland^ until the ninth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; to the landing rum or, fpirits of the Britijh fugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excife, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; to the encouraging the fifheries carried on at Newfoundland and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britijh dominions in Europe, until the firft day of fanuary one thoufand eight hundred and two ; and to the further fupport and encouragement of the fifheries

carried

Hosted by Google

(Public General) 39 &? 40 GEO. III.

carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, unti < the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred | and one.

Cap. 46. For the more eafy and expeditious recovery of fmall I debts, and determining fmall caufes in that part of Great Britain pr called Scotland.

% Cap. 47. For repealing the rates and fares taken by licenfed, hackney coachmen, and for eftablifhir.g other rates and fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending feveral laws | < relating to hackney coaches and chairs.

Cap. 48. To repeal the duties on fugar and coffee exported, granted by an a<5t, paffed in the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for allowing Britijh plantation fugar to be ware-houfetl ; for reviving fo much of an a£t, mad© in the thirty— fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the afeertai'ning the average price of fugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof; and for allowing certain drawbacks on fugar exported, until the tenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 49. For the better afeertaining and collecting the duties granted by feveral 2&s paffed in the laft feffion of parliament, relating to the duties on income ; and to explain and amend the faid aCts.

Cap. 50. To extend the provifions of an aft made in the feventeenth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An aft to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and dijorderly perfons, and to houfes cf correction.

Cap. 51. To permit blubber from the Greenland fishery and Davis's Streights to be boiled into oil after the arrival of the (hips from the fiihery, and for charging the duty thereon ; for altering the convoy duty now payable on the importation of opium ; for repealing the duties on the importation of oil of turpentine and tar, and charging other duties in lieu thereof; for exempting burr hones and hones ufed for the purpofe of paving or the making or mending of roads, from the duties charged thereon when carried coaftwife; for obliging mafters of (hips laden with tobacco to remove the fame from their moorings when their Cargoes are difeharged ; and for extending bonds given on licenfed fhips, veffels, or boats, to all cafes wherein fhips, veffeis, or boats may be liable to forfeiture.

Cap. 52. For graining to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be railed by a lottery.

Cap. 53. For granting a bounty on the importation of rye, until the fifteenth day of October one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 54. For more effectually charging publick accountants with the payment of interest; for allowing intereft to them in certain cafes; and for compelling the payment of balances duq from them.

Cap. 55. To amend fo much of an aCt, made in the laft fef-^ lion of parliament, for the augmentation of the falaries of the

judges

Hosted by GoOglC

A TABLE of the STATUTES

judges of the courts in Wejhninfter Hally and alfo of the lords of • fefTion, lords commiflioners of jufticiary, and barons of^exchequer in Scot land, as relates to the falaries of the judges of the courts of fefiion, jufticiary, and exchequer in Scotland.

Cap. 56. For relief of perfons entitled to entailed eftates to be purchafed with truft monies.

Cap. 57. For enabling the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland to advance to the lord provoft and magiftrates of the city of Edinburgh, for the purpofe of completing the improvements of the harbour of Leith, a certain fum, being part of the money which by an a£f of the laft fefiion of parliament was directed to be paid into the faid court of exchequer by the proprietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation.

Cap. 58. For further continuing and amending an acft, made in the laft feflion of parliament, for enabling his Majefty to prohibit the exportation and permit the importation of corn; and for allowing the importation of other articles of proviiion without payment of duty.

Cap! 59. To remove doubts arifing from the conftru&ion of an a&, made in the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for permitting certain goods imported from, the Eaft Indies to be warehoufed,, and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 60. To lefien the duties on wine and fpirits the produce of the Britijh fettlement of the Cape of Good Eope\ and to empower the importers to land the fame before payment of the duties of excife, and to lodge the fame in warehoufes ; and to allow the fame' to be fhipped free of duty as ftores, to be conr fumed on board merchants (hips on their voyages.

Cap. 61. To revive and continue, until the firft day of July one thoufand eight hundred and one, fuch part of an aeft, made in the prefent feflion of parliament, for reducing the duties upon fpirits diftilled from melafies or fugar, or any mixture therewith, and for other purpofes, as relates to the duties on wort or wafh brewed or made from melaffes or fugar.

Cap. 62. To allow, for nine months after the palling of the atft, the ufe of fugar in the brewing of beer.

Cap. 63. For repealing part of the duties and drawbacks of cuftoms on kid fkins imported, and the exemption of imported kid fkins from excife duty on being drefled in Great Britain.

Cap. 64. For permitting the free importation of linfeed cakes and rape cakes in neutral fhips.

Cap. 65. To continue, until the firft day ot January one thoufand eight hundred and four, fereral a<fts relating to the admiffion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral fhips, and to the ifiuing of orders in council for that purpofe.

Cap. 66. To repeal fo much of an acft, patted in the fecond year of King James the Firft, as prohibits the ufe of horfe hides in making boots and {hoes ; and for better preventing the damaging of raw hides and fkins in the flaying thereof.

Cap, 67. For the union of Great Britain and Irelatid,

Cap

Hosted by Google

(Public General) 39 i£ 40 GEO. III.

Cap. 68. For extending the powers of the commi/Iioners named in an ad, made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for appointing com?n iff oners to put in execution an aft of this feffon of parliament, intituled, 4 An aft for continuing and granting to his Ma'jeJly a duty on penfions, offices, and perfonal efates, In Fnnrlanrl Wal« *Le town ^Berwick upon Tweed, and

xdredf together with thofe named in two nmiff oners of the land tax; for indemnifying fuch perfons, named in the (aid a61, as have aded as commiflioners of the land tax; and for rendering valid certain ads done by them.

Cap. 69. For repealing the duties on perfumery and on licences for vending the fame.

Cap. 70. To exempt from duty wafte paper imported into this kingdom, for the purpofe of being re-manufadured, except the duty hrspofed by an ad of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the better protedion of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of cuftoms on goods imported and exported.

Cap. 71. To authorife bakers and other perfons to fell bread to his Majefty’s forces on the march, which (hall not have been baked twenty-four hours, and to indemnify all perfons by whom fuch bread may have been fo fold.

Cap. 72. To amend feveral laws relating to the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

Cap. 73. For repealing the duties of excife on diftilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of Britifo-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for altering, amending, and continuing certain ads of parliament for the regulation of diftilleries in Scotland.

Cap. 74. Tor amending feveral ads for regulating the price and a(fize of bread.

Cap. 75. For making allowances in certaiacafes to fubaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

Cap. 76. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and perfons ading as fuch, in the Weft India iflands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

Cap. 77. For the fecurity of collieries and mines, and for the better regulation of colliers and miners.

Cap. 78. To difeharge from a difputed and dormant claim of the publick, feveral eftates belonging to the right honourable William Carr earl of Errolilord high conftable of Scotland.

Cap. 79. For eftablifhing further regulations for the government of the Britifo territories in India, and the better adminiftra-tion of juftice within the fame.

Cap. 80. For erecting a lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the county cf Kent ; and for reducing into one ad the laws relating to quarantine, and for making further provifion therein.

tobacco, andfnuff^ for the fervice of

Cap,

Hosted by

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 81. To repeal an a61, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to prevent frauds in the buying and felling of hops, and for the better collection of the duty on hops; and to prevent frauds and abufcs in the trade of hops.

Cap. 82. For fufpending, until the twentieth day of Auguji one thoufand eight hundred, the duties on foreign hops imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 83. For permitting French wines to be imported into this kingdom from the ifles of Guernfey, JerJey, or Alderney, in bottles or flafks.

Cap. 84. To render valid indentures of apprenticefliip of poor children and others, made upon improper ftamps, upon certain conditions, and to indemnify all perfons who may have incurred penalties thereby ; and for aliowing attefted copies of indentures, leafes, or deeds, to be damped after the ingroffing, writing, or printing thereof.

Cap. 85. To continue, until the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one, and amend an a<St of the laft feffion of parliament, for continuing feveral ads for the encouragement of the Britifh fifheries.

Cap. 8b. For the better prefervation of timber in the New Foref, in the county of Southampton • and for ascertaining the boundaries of the laid foreft, and of the lands ot the crown within the fame.

Cap. 87. For the more effe&ual prevention of depredations on the river Thames, and in its vicinity ; and to amend an ad, made in the lecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to prevent the committing of thefts and frauds by perfons navigating bum boats and other boats upon the river Thames.

Cap. 88. Concerning the difpofition of certain real and per-fonal property of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors; and alfo of the real and perfonaf property of her Majefty, and of the Queen contort for the time being.

Cap, 89. For the better preventing the embezzlement of his Majefty’s naval, ordnance, and viduailing ftores.

Cap. 90. For fettling difputes that may arife between matters and workmen engaged in the cotton manufacture in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 91. To prohibit, until the fifteenth day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred, the exportation of rice.	^

Cap. 92. For eftablilhing certain regulations in the offices of the houl'e of commons.

Cap. 93. For regulating trials for high treafon and mifprifion of high treafon, in certain cafes.

Cap. 94. For the fafe cuftody of infane perfons charged with offences.

Cap. 95. To indemnify all perfons who have printed, pub-lifhed, or difperfed, or who (hall publifh or difperfe, any papers printed under the authority of the commiffioners or bead officers

of

Hosted by Google

(Public General) 39 &? 40 GEO. III.

of any publick boards, from all penalties incurred by reafon of the name and place of abode of the printer of fuch papers not jk being printed thereon.

m Cap. 96. For explaining and amending fo much of an a<5t, p pafled in the prefent feflion of parliament, relating to the duties P| on income, as refpeffs the delivery of the ftatements to the hi commercial commitfioners of London, under the amount of twenty pounds.

gif Cap. 97. To incorporate certain perfons by the name of The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Breads for a limited time.

Cap. 98. To reftrain all trufts and directions in deeds or wills, whereby the profits or produce of real or perfonal eftate fhall be accumulated, and the beneficial enjoyment thereof poft-poned beyond the time therein limited.

Cap. 99. For better regulating the bufinefs of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 100. To authorise his Majefty to grant commiflions to natives of the (even united provinces, or of the hereditary hates of the prince of Orange, to ferve on board certain Dutch (hips of war, furrendered to his Majefty’s fleet, and in regiments in the pay of his Majefty ; and to enable any fuch natives to inlift as foldiers in fuch regiments, under certain reftridlions.

Cap. 101. To give further time for the payment, on the conditions therein mentioned, of inftalments, on certain loans advanced to the houfe of Alexander Houfloun and company, to Charles Afhwell efquire, and to William Johnftone efquire, being perfons connected with and trading to theiflandsof Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Cap. 102.' For raifing the fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 103. For railing the fum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 104. For raifing the further fum of three millions by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 105. For the better regulating the pradlice, and for pre~ venting delays in the proceedings of the court of common pleas

at Lancafer.

Cap. 106. To repeal an aeft, pafled in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen \ and to fubftitute other provifions in lieu thereof.

Cap. 107. To permit, until fix weeks after the commence-, ment of the next feffion of parliament, the importation of Swedijh herrings into Great Britain,

Cap. 108 For indemnifying the governor of Surinam, or the perfon acting as fuch, for having permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms ; and for making void all feizures of fhips, veflels, or goods, for any thing done in purfuance of fuch permifiion.

Cap.

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. log. For granting to his Majefty a certain fain of money out of the confolidated fund, for applying certain fumsof money therein mentioned, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred ; for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this jefiion of parliament, and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders* or other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed.

\

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACLS.

i. A N a£t for altering, amending, and rendering more ef--l \ feftual, an acft, made in the twenty-firft year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An aft for draining and preferving certain fen lands in the feveral parijhes of Marjey, Upvvell, Welney, Downham, Witcham, and in a certain extra-parochial place in Byal fen, within the Ifle of Ely, and county of Cambridge;

2.	An a£f for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two a£ts, parted in the twenty-fixth year of his late Majefty, and in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road fronj the borough of Leicefter, in the county of Leicejler, to the town of AJhby-de-la~Zoucb) in the fa id county.

3.	An a<51 for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the roads from the borough of Leicejler, in the county of Leicejler, to the town of Narhorough ; and from the faid borough of Leicejler to the town of Earl Shilton ; and from the faid town of Earl Shilton to the town of Hinckley in the faid county.

4.	An act for continuing for a further term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term of two a<ts, one made in the twelfth, and the other in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the haven 2nd piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the feveral rivers emptying themfelves into the faid haven ; and preferving fhips wintering therein from accidents by fife; and alfo for building a new bridge over the haven of Great Yarmouth; and for altering and enlarging the powers thereof, fo far as the fame relate to the faid haven and piers.

5.	An aeft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and wafte grounds within the parifhes of Cantley and Hajfingham* in the county of Norfolk, and for draining and preferving the fame, and alfo certain marfh lands within the faid parifhes.

6.	An a£t for continuing for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

Hosted by Go< le

(Public Local £sf Perfonal) 39 £5? 40 GEO. III.

ment, and for altering and enlarging the powers of two ads, one made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his Jate majefty King George the Second, and the other in the feventcenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the high road leading from Brent Bridge, in the county of Devon, to* GaJIeing Gate, in or near the borough of Plymouth, in the faid county*

7.	An a<fl for more effedually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, feveral roads, leading from the town of Ivelchejler, in the county of Somerfet.

8.	An ad for increafing the tolls authorised to be taken on the road leading from Sevenoaks Common to the market houfe in Tunbridge Town, by an ad palled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from Sevenoaks Common to Woodjgate, Tunbridge, Wells, and Kipping's Crofs, in the county of Kent, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodf* gate aforefeid.

9.	An ad to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the terpi, and alter the powers, of two ads, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending the roads leading from the village of Milford; in the county of Surrey, through Petworth, to the top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the county of Suffix,

10.	An ad for the appointment and regulation of pilots for the conduding of fhips and veffels into and out of the port of Kingjlon-upon-Hull', and for afcertaining the falvage for anchors, cables, and other fhips materials, found in the river Humber > and for the better afcertaining the tonnage of ballaft: lighters employed at the faid port*

11.	An ad for opening and making two new ftreets in the city of Aberdeen.

12.	An ad for more effedually repairing the road from Sum*

:merrods Bar, near the town of Hexhatn, in the county of Nor-ihumberland\ to the town of Alflon, in the county of Cumberland.

13.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two ads, palled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the roads from the town of Halifax, and from Sower by Bridge, in the county of fork, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Lit tie borough, in the county of Lancajler.

14.	An ad for more effedually repairing the road from Glen*

Vthelt, through HaltwhiJUe, Hexham, and Cor bridge, to the mili-r tary road near Shildon Bar; and for making and repairing a .branch road from Cor bridge a fore faid, to Heddon-on-the- Wall, all inrtke county of Northumberland,

' 15. An ad- for'more effedually repairing, widening, and itn|#oving the road from the village of Magor to the bridge foot

in

*	Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

in the town of Gbepjloiv in the county of Monmouth, and feveral other roads in the counties of Monmouth, Gloucefler, Hereford, and Brecon, to continue in force for twenty-one years, and from j thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.	jj§

16.	An adt for amending, altering, improving, and keeping J|

in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road in Witney to the ® turnpike road on Swerford Heath, and alfo the road leading from the turnpike road from IVoodJiock to Birmingham, through Chari-bury, to the turnpike road from Chipping Norton to Burfordy all i in the county of Oxford.	-	xi

17.	An a<5t for making and repairing the road from the town of Stonehaveny through the Slug-mount, to the new bridge ovet the river Dee at Cobleheugh, in the county of Kincardine.

18.	An a<5l for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the * term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acfts, made

in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King-George the Second, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Wakefield to Aujler-landSy in the weft riding of the county of York.

ig. An a£t to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an a£t, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in repair, feveral roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lan-caftevy fo far as the fame relates to the road from Haflingden to Todmordeny being the fecond diftriCt of the faid roads; and for making and maintaining a branch therefrom, at or near a place called Fearns in Wolfenden Boothy to Edge Side in the fame booth, and another branch therefrom, at or near a place called Robert's Mill in Bacup Booth, into the Rochdale turnpike r-oad in the parifh of Spot land9 all in the faid county palatine of Lancafter.

20.	'An a<5t for more effectually repairing the road from Ale* mouthy through Alnwick and Rothburyy to Hexham, and a branch from the faid road, between Alnwick and Rothbury9 to Jockey’s Dike Bridgey in the county of Northumberland.

21.	An aCt for dividing, allotting, inclofing, draining, and preferving the open fields, commons, fens, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Ludhamy in the county of Norfolk.

22.	An aCl for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acfts, paffed for widening and repairing the high road leading from Heron Sykey which divides the counties of Lancafter and Weflmorland9 to the town of Kirkbyy in Kendaly and from the faid town of Kirk by y in Kendaly through the town of Shapy to Emont Bridgey in the faid county of Weft m or land.

23.	An afor making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the river Thamesy near to the town of Gravefendy in the county of Kenty to the river Medway, at a place called Nicholfon's

Ship•

Hosted by Google

(Public Local Petfonal) 39 £5? 40 GEO. IIT.

Ship-Tardy in the parifli of Frindfbury, in the faid county; and alfo a certain collateral cut, from White Wall in the faid parifh* to the faid river Medway.

24.	An a6t for amending the feveral a£ts parted for making* extending, finifhing, and completing the canal navigation from Manchejler to or near AJhton-under-Lyne and Oldham, and the feveral cuts and other works authorised to be made and done by the company of proprietors of the faid canal navigation ; and for granting to the faid company further and other powers.

25.	An a61 for lighting the ftreets and lanes of the borough of Berwick-upon-Tweedy and the quays and wharfs belonging to the faid borough, and that part of the bridge over the river Tweed which lies within the liberties of the faid borough, and alfo the rtreet of Caftlegatey within the faid borough or the liberties thereof; and for paving the foot-paths of the ftreets of the faid borough and of Cajllegate aforefaid 5 and for preventing ob-ftrudtions, nuifances, and annoyances therein.

26.	An acft to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual* an a£t, parted in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for draining and preferving certain fen lands in'the Ifle of Ely and county 0/Norfolk, lying between The Hundred Foot River and the Quze, and bounded on the fouth by the hard lands of Mepall, Wicham, Wentworth* Wichford, Ely* Downham, and Littleport; andfor 'em* powerijjg the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of confervators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain lands lying within the limits aforefaid, commonly called Inverted Lands.

27.	An a (St for continuing for twenty-one years* and from thence to the end of the then next fed]on of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two a&s, parted in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majerty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majerty, for repairing and widening the road from The Swan Inn at Leatherheady to The May Pole at the upper end of Spital or Somerfet Street* in the parifli of iStoke, near the town of Guldefordy in the county of Surrey.

28.	An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term* and altering and enlarging the powers of two adds, parted in the thirtyftrft year of the reign of his late majerty King George the Second and the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majerty, for repairing feveral roads in the counties of Dorfet and Devon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis, and from the turnpike road on Xjplyme Hill to the turnpike road at The Three Afhesy in the parifli of Crewkerne* in the county of Somerfety and other roads therein mentioned.

29.	An a£t for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then'next feflion of parliament, the term and altering'and enlarging the powers of two acts, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majerty King

Vol, XLIL	b	George

Hosted by

Go< i

A TABLE of the STATUTES

George the Second and the twentieth year of the reign of his pre-fent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to repairing and widening the road from the borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the town of Pateley Bridge, in the county of York.

30.	An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an adt, palled in the twenty-fir If year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for more effeftually repairing the road leading from the town of Denbigh to the toiun of Saint Afaph, and from thence to the town and port of Ruthland, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint ; and for repealing an aft, made in the thirty-fecond year of his late maje/ly King George the Second, fo far as the fame relates to thefaid road.

31.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fellion of parliament, the term and altering the powers of two adts, palled in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads therein mentioned, fo far as the faid adts relate to the road leading from the town of JVrexham in the county of Denbigh, to Pent re Bridge in the county of Filt.

32.	An act for repealing an adt, paffed in the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for making and repairing certain roads in the county ^Aberdeen ; and for the more effectually amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in repair the faid roads, and other roads in the faid county, and for levying a converfion money in lieu of the ftatute labour, and otherwife regulating the making and repairing the high roads and bridges in.the faid county.

33.	An adt for draining, improving, and prefervmg the low lands and grounds within the townlhips of Crojlon, Mawdefley, Rafford, Bifpham, Tarleton, and Bretherton, in the county palatine of Lancajler.

34.	An adt for enlarging the powers of fo much of two adts, made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and repairing certain roads in tiie county of Perth, as relates to the road from Perth to Cupar, or the neighbourhood thereof, towards Glammis, as far as the confines of the faid county,

35.	An adt for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parifh of Saint John Hampflead, in the county of Mid* dlefex.

36.	An adt for better enabling the company of proprietors of the Rochdale canal to raife money for completing the faid canal, nnd to vary the line of the faid canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the adt, pafled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of. his prefent Majefty, for making the faid canal.

37.	An adt to enable the Dearne and Dove canal company to fi nil'll and complete the faid canal, and the feveral collateral cuts:

branching

Hosted by Google

(Public Local &? Perfonal) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

branching therefrom ; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the powers of an aft, pafled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the faid canal and collateral cuts$ and for encreafing the toils thereby granted.

38.	An aft for altering and amending an aft, pafled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the Peak Foreji canal; and for granting to the company of proprietors of the faid canal further and other powers. . r .	-

39f -.An.aft for enabling the Fluddersfield. canal company to finifh- and complete the Huddersfield canal; and for amending the aft, pafled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign -of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the faid Huddersfield canal.

40.	An aft for amending and making more effeftual an aft, pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of .his prefent Majefty, for embanking, draining, and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds, in the> parifh of Ramfey, in the county of Huntingdon, and in the parifhes of Doddington, March, Benwick, Wimblingtcn, and Chatteris, within the Ifle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge; and for amending the road from a certain bridge, in the parifh of Chatteris aforefaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a drain called Vertnuyden's, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the fsid parifh of Rarnfey; fo far as the faid aft relates to embanking the lands therein deferibed, called by the name of The Upper Difiriut or Divifion.

41.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of art aft, pafled in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for building a bridge acrofs the river Tawey at a place called The Wich Tree, in the parifh of Llanfamlett, to the oppoflte fhore in the parifh of <Llangefelach, in the county of Glamorgan \ for making proper avenues or.roads to and from the faid bridge, and alfo for repairing and widening the road frogi Pent re Brook, near a place called Aberdivyberthy, in the pariih of Saint John's, near Swanfea, to the faid intended bridge.

42.	An aft for raiflng a further fum of money for carrying into execution two feveral afts, pafled in the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for widening and improving the entrance into the city of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious ftreet or paf-fage at Snow Hill, and for raifing on the credit of the orphans fund, a fum of money for thofe purpofes; and for explaining and amending the faid afts.

43.	An aft for making and maintaining a road from, or from near, Lightpill Gatey on the road leading from Bath to Dudbridge, in the pariih of Rodborough, to join the turnpike road from Painfwick to Cheltenham, at or near to Eirdlipr in. the parishes of

b 2	Brimpsfield

Hosted by Google

A TA«LE of the STATUTES

Brimp fteld and Cowley, or one of them, all in the county of

Gloucejler.

44.	An adf for (hutting up and difeontinuing certain roads and foot paths, leading through the grounds of fir Richard Brook baronet, in the townfbips of Norton and Halton, in the parifh of Runcorn, and county palatine of Chefler, and for making and maintaining ether roads inftead thereof,

45.	An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and front thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two adfsr made in the thirtyTecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from Chapel Bar, near the' weft end of tire town of Nottingham, to Neivhavcn, and from the 'Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthorpe, to JJbbonie, and from the crofs poft on JVirkfworth Moor, to join the road leading from Chejlerfield to Chapel-en-le-Frith, at or near Lotigfion, in the county of Derby, and from Sel/lon to Annejley JVoodhoufe, in the county of Nottingham.

46.	An act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the road from a place called The Stone Pillar, or Crofs Hand, in the parifh of Chippenham, in the county of Wilts, to or near to a bridge called Knox Bridge, in the parifh of JVeJlerleigh, in the county of Gloucejler, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the faid counties of Wilts and Gloucejler.

47.	An adt for making wet docks, bafons, cuts, and otherv Works, for the greater accommodation and fecurity of (hipping, commerce, and revenue, within the port of London.

48.	An adl for providing a workhoufe for the ufe of the parifh of Alclbourne in the county of Wilts; and for appointing an additional overfeer for the better government of the poor of the faid parifh.

49.	An adf for forming, paving, cleanfmg, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwife improving and keeping in repair, the flreets, fquares, and other publick paffages and places, which are and (hall be made upon certain pieces or plots of ground, in the parifh of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlefex, belonging to the moft noble Francis duke of Bedford.

50.	An a<5i for enclofing and embellishing the centre or area of a certain fquare, intended to be called RuJJell Square, purpofed to be made in the parifh of Saint George Bloomjbury, in the county of Middlefex, and for forming and making the fame into a plea-fure ground, and for continuing and keeping the fame in repair.

51.	An adl for the repairing the parifh church of Chelmsford, in the county of EJfex.

52.	An adi for explaining, amending, and continuing an adt, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An afi for repairing the highways and bridges in the /hire ^Argyll.

53.	An adt for repealing fo much of an adt, paffed in the

twenty-

Hosted by Google

{Public Local & Perfonal) 39 & 4of?EO. IIL

twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled?

An aft for the removal and rebuilding of the council chamber, guilds holly and gaol of the city tf/'New Sarum, andfor afeertaining the tolls of the market, and regulating the chairmen within the /aid. city y as requires the mayor and commonalty of the city of Nezv Sarum to build a new gaol within the faid city, or the fuburbs or pre-cindts thereof; and for authorifing the commitment of felons u and other perfons within the limits of the faid city and the clofe thereof, to the gaol of the county of Wilts; and for explaining and amending the faid adi.

54.	An adt to alter, amend, and enlarge the powers of an a61, palled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, for improving the navigation of the river Oufey between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in tire county of Sufjexy and for the better draining of the lowiands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the faid county.

55.	An adt for enabling the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Leicef er navigation to Melton Mowbray, in the county of Leiceflery to complete their navigation, and to dif-charge the debts contracted by them in the making thereof; and for amending the act, palled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the faid navigation.

56.	An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Oakham canal to raife money for completing the faid canal, and alfo for altering and amending an adt, pafied in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making the faid canal.

57.	An act for better enabling the company of proprietors of the Lancafer canal navigation to complete the fame.

58.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common fields, marfti, meadow, and wafte lands, in the manor of Forebridgey and in the pari(li of CaJUe Church, in the county of Staffordy and for embanking and draining part of the faid common fields, marfh, meadow, and wafte lands, and certain other low lands and grounds, in the faid parifh of Cafile Churchy and in the adjoining parifhes, townfhips, and places, of Sow Saint PbomaSy, other wife Saint Thomas upon SoiVy Cotony Berhfwichy and Saint Mary in Staffordy in the faid county of Stafford.

59.	An adt for building a new bridge over the river Chelmery or Blachvatery at Fullbridgey in the town of Maldoity in the county of EJfex.

60.	An adt for eftablifhing and well-governing the charitable inftitution, commonly called The Afylumy or houfe of refuge for the reception of orphan girls, the fettlements of whole parents cannot be found ; and for incorporating the fubfenbers thereto, apd for the better empowering and enabling theuvto carry on their charitable and ufeful defigns.

61.	An adt for repealing two adts, one made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the other in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from the Half way Houfe, in the parifh of

b 3	Lower

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Lower Compton, in the county of Dorfet, through the town of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the eaft end of the town of Axminfier, in the county of Devon, and feveral other roads therein mentioned ; and alfo, for repealing fo much of aft, made in the eighteenth ye^r of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral roads leading from the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerfet, as relates to repairing the road from the direction poft in Widcomhe Moor, through Street AJh Lane, to Chard, and for making more efreftual provifion for thofe pur-pofes, and for altering and diverting certain parts of the laid roads.

62.	An aft for reviving, continuing, and amending, an aft, pafled in the fixteenth year of the,reign of bis prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from -Elfdon High Crofs, near the town of Eljdon, in the county of Northumberland, to the Red Swyre, upon the mid border betwixt England and Scotland.

63.	An 2ft for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an aft, palled in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the port of Borrowjlounnef, by the weft of the borough of Linlithgow, and by the towns o { Torphichen Bathgate, anti White burn, and from thence fouthward to the confines of the county of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhoufeburn..

64.	An act to continue for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, the term and alter and enlarge the powers of two afts, paffed in the thirty-third year,of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the bars at Houghton, within the liberties of the city of Chejier, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport in the county of Salop, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, fo far as the laid afts relate to the road leading from Newport aforefaid to the village or place called. Weljh Harp, in the town ft ip of Stonnail, in the county of Stafford, being the third diftridt of the faid roads.

■ 65. An for aft more effeftuaily repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the roads therein mentioned, leading from the town of Leominfer, in the county of Hereford.

66.	An act for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the .end of the then next fefiion of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two adds, palled in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads therein mentioned, fo far as the faid afts relate to the road leading-from the tow n of Ruthin, in the county of Denbigh, to the town of Mold, in the county of Flint.

67.	An act for continuing* for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of feveral afts, paffed for -' amending the highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the

county

Hosted by Google

(Public Local & Perfonal) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

county of Bedford, and for repairing the road leading through Woburn to Ti'ckford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks.

68.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to' the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, pa fled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his Jate majefty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending, repairing, and widening the roads leading from the Ryeway, in the pariih of Yarpole, in the county of Hereford, to Prejhigne, in the county of Radnor, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the faid county of Radnor, and in the counties of Hereford and Salop,

69.	An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made jn the feventeenth year of his prefent Majefty *s reign, for amending and keeping in repair the road from the town of War-minfter, in the county of Wilts, to a place where the roads to Bath and Brijiol divide, and from the town of Frame to the town of Beckington, in the county of Somerfet, and other roads therein mentioned.

70.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, pafled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the Sixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the call: fide of Lincoln Heath to the city of Peterborough, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Northampton and Lincoln.

71.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, ■ pa fled in the twenty-iixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads leading from the town of Bewdley, in the county of Worcejier; to the feveral places therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcejier and 4 Salop, refpeftively,

72.	An aft to continue for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term and alter and enlarge the powers of two acts, pa fled in the thirtieth

, year of the reign'of his late majefty King George, the Second, and in the fifth year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littleworth, and by Frognall and over fames Deeping Stone Bridge, in the county of Lincoln, to Max-ey Out gang, in the county of Northampton, adjoining to the high road there,

73.	An aft for amending, widening, improving, and keeping jn repair, the road leading out of the common highway from Wigan to Golborn and Warrington, near the northerly end of the Southerly Platt Bridge in Ince in Machrfeld, by Ramferhng, mto

b 4	the

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

the turnpike road from Wigan to Afnton, in Ajhton in Mackerfield* in the county palatine of Lancafier.

74.	An aft for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the fouth end of the Moor Lane\ in the townfhip of Great Bolton, into the turnpike road from Manchefter to Wigan, near Weft bought on Chapel, in the county palatine of Lancafier,

75.	An aft for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, pafled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to fitch of the roa|s from Tetbury, and other places, in the county of Gloucefier, as are comprized in the faid laft mentioned aft, and for amending and repairing certain other roads in and through the parilh of Horfiey, and near Tetbury aforefaid, in the laid county of Gloucefier.

76.	An aft for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an aft, palled in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for amending the road from the nine mile ftone on the Briftol road, at or near a place called The Clay Pits, to or near the chapel at Stone, and alfo the roads to or near Berkeley, Durfiey, Wat ton-under-Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and levcral other roads in the counties of Gloucefier and Wilts, except lo far as the faid aft relates to the roads to or near Sodbury aforefaid.

77.	An aft to empower the guardians of the mod noble Henry duke of Nevjcaflle, an infant, to grant leafes of certain parts of bis eftates in the county of Nottingham.

78.	An aft for veiling certain detached parts of the eftates deviled by the will of Michael Hicks efquire, in the counties of Effex, Nurfolk, Suffolk, and Gloucefier, and in London, in truftees, for carrying into execution certain agreements for fale of parts thereof, and to fell the other parts thereof, and to apply the money arifing from fuch Tales in the purchafe of other eftates in the faid county of Gloucefier, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

79.	An aft for veiling the eftates of Penyfion Portlock Powney efquire, deceafed, fituate in the county of Berks, in truftees, to be fold, for paying incumbrances and debts, and for laying out the furplus under the direftions of the court of chancery in the purchafe of other eftates, to be conveyed to the truftees of the will cf rhe faid Penyfion Portlock Poivney, in lieu thereof.

80.	An aft for effefting an exchange between the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of the Holy Trinity of Chichefier, ana the right honourable James lord Selfiey, and the honourable John Peachey, of certain melTuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Siffx.

81.	An aft for more eftcftually veiling and facilitating the railing of a fum of ten thoufand pounds, which, by the fettlement of the family, eftates of the right honourable George Augujlus earl of Guildford, was provided for the portions of his younger children, in and for the benefit of the honourable lady Maria North,

(thi

Hosted by Google

(Public Locals Personal) 39 6? 40 GEO. III.

(the only child of the faid earl by the right honourable Mariq Icountefs oi Guilford, his late wife), if fhe ihali live to attain the jage of twenty-one years, or to be married,

82.	An ad for veiling part of the eft.ites devifed by the will of Triftram Huddlejlone flervoife efquire, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money to arile therefrom, under the diredion of the court of chancery, in the purchafe of other ertates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame ufe^.

83.	An ad for inverting part of the perfonal ertate of Robert Child efquire, deceafed, in the purchafe of an ertate, fituate near Ofterley Park, in the county of Middlefex, to be fettled upon the trufts, and for the purpofes therein mentioned.

84.	An ad for verting the fettled ertates of fir Clement Cottrell Dormer, which were deviled by the will of William Philipps Lee efquire, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing thereby in the purchafe of other ertates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame ufes, and for other purpofes.

85.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and warte lands, within the parifh of Llanfwrogy in thq county of Denbigh,

86.	An ad for dividing, ^Hotting, and inclofing, the open common fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and warte lands, within the parifh of Walton upon "Thames, and the manor of Walton Leigh, in the county of Surrey.

87.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open common fields, meadows and partures, commons and warte lands, in the parifhes of Byfleet and Weybridge, and manor of Byfleetf with its members, in the county of Surrey.

88.	An ad for extending the royalty of the city of Glafgow over certain adjacent lands; for paving, lighting, and cleanfing the ftreets, for regulating the police, and appointing officers and watchmen; for dividing the city into wards, and appointing commirtioners; and for railing funds, and giving certain powers to the magiftrates and council, and town and dean of giiild courts, for the above and other purpofes.

89.	An ad to empower the governor and company of the bank of England to purchafe certain houfes and ground contiguous to the bank of England, and to enable them to improve certain avenues adjacent thereto.

90.	An ad to explain, amend, and render more effectual, two ads, made in the thirty-firrt year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for draining 2nd preferving certain fen lands and low grounds in the Ifte of Ely, and county of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwife Grant, Oufe, and Mildenhall rivers, and bounded on the fouth-eaft by the hard lands of Ifleham, Fordham, Soham% and IVicken*, and for empowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of confervators of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain lands within the laid limits, commonly called Inveftcd Lands; and for laying certain

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

tain rates on veffels navigated upop the faid rivers, towards fup-porting the banks thereof.

91.	An ad for better draining and preferving the lands and grounds in the fourth diftrid of the north level, part of the great level of the fens called Bedford Levels and for amending and rendering more effectual an ad, paffed in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, fo far as relates to the faid fourth diftrid.

92.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain wafte lands, in the manor of Wortken, and the manors or town-ftfips of Aft on Bigot and Aft on Rogers, in the parifh of Wortben, in the county of Salop, and for draining, and otherwife improving, certain inclofed lands adjoining or near a certain rivulet or brook called The Rea, commencing at or near a certain piece of water called Marion Pool, on the confines of the parifh of Ckir-hury, and extending through the faid parijfh oBWorthen^ to a bridge acrofs the faid river, called Horfe Bridge, on the confines of the parifh of Weft bury, in the faid county, and fundry ftreams or brooks erpptying themfelves thereinto.

93.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an ad, palled in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for more effedually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from the market houfe, in the town of Kidderminfter, in the county of Wercefter, and feveral oth£r roads therein mentioned,

94.	An ad for enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an ad, paffed in the thirty-fourth year of his prefent MajeftyV reign, for repairing feveral roads leadinginto the city of Glafgow, as relates to the road from Park-houfe, to or near the three mile houfe, in the county of Lanark.

95.	An ad for more effedually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from the Hun-dred Houfe, in the county of Worcefter^ andalfo feveral other roads therein mentioned.

96.	An ad for enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending and keeping in repair, the road from a certain'bridge over a brook or ftream called Sudbrook, near the city of Gloucefter^ to the nine mile ftone on the Briftol road, at or near a place called The Clay Pitts, in the county of Gloucefter.

97.	An ad for enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the city of Gloucefter to the town of Stroud, in the county of Gloucefter.

98.	An ad for veiling part of the fettled eftates devifed by the Vvill of fir Patrick Blake baronet, deceafed, firuate and being in the counties of Middlefex and Suffolk^ in truftees, to be fold for payment of incumbrances affeding the fame eftates, under the

diredion

Hosted by Google

(Public Local & Perfonal) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

,direction of the court of chancery, and for laying out the furplus of the purchafe money in other eftates, upon the trulls and for the purpofes therein expreffed.

99.	An aCT for veiling part of the eftates devifed by the will of fir Richard Hotha?n knight, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, for payment of incumbrances, and for laying out the furplus monies in other eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame ufes.

100.	An aCt for file of certain edates in the pari (Ties of Clay-pole, Great Ponton, and Kirton, in the county of Lincoln, devifed by the will of the reverend William .Raftall, doCtor in divinity, and for laying out the money arifipg, by foie thereof in the purchafe of other edates, to be fettled to the fame ufes, and for other purpofes in the faid aCt mentioned.

101.	An aCt for enabling the tenants for life, under the will of the hie William Wright efquire, to convey in fee, or grant leafes for long terms of years, for the purpofe of building, of part of the edates devifed by the faid will, inthe counties palatine of Chefter and Lancajier.

102.	An act to enable dr George Pigot baronet, Margaret Fifber, and Francis Pigot, to difpofe of a certain diamond therein mentioned by a lottery.

103.	An aCt for enabling the mod noble Charles duke of Richmond, and the duke of Richmond for the time being, to charge with jointures the annuity of nineteen thoufand pounds, (payable out of the confolid'ated fund, in lieu of the coal duty granted by King Charles the Second to Charles fTrft duke of Richmond, and the heirs of his body), and the docks on transfer of which the faid annuity is made redeemable, and for enabling the fale of part of the faid docks, and inverting the money arifing from any fuch fale in the purchafe of manors, lands, and hereditaments, and for other purpofes.

104.	An aCtio explain, amend, and render more effe&ual, an aCt, pa .Ted in the third year of the reign of King James theFirft, intituled. An att for the recoveringfm all debts, and for the relieving of poor debtors, in London, and an a&, parted in the fourteenth year of the reign of his lare majedy King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned net, and likewiie for extending the powers-of the court of requefts in the city of Lon-don, in and by the faid two feveral ails continued and eftablifhed.

105.	An act ror raking down, and rebuilding upon a more enlarged fcale, the chapel of Saint Mary, in the town of Caer-narvoti.

106.	An aft for ertablifhing a new church or chapel lately ereCted on the fouth fide of Hunter Street, within the town and pariftv of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancajier.

107.	An aCt for the appointment and regulation of pilots and hoblers for the conducting of fhips and veffels into and out of the port or harbour, and river, of Neath, in the county of Gla-tnorgan, for placing buoys upon the bar'of Neath, and the removal of obftruCtions in the faid port or harbour, $nd river; for

regulating

Hosted by G(

A TABLE of the STATUTES

regulating the mooring of (hips and vefiels therein, and for the regulation of porters within the faid port or harbour, and river and within the town of Neath.

108.	An ad for altering and amending an ad, made in the thirty-fifth year of his prefent: Majefty’s reign, intituled, An a PL for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town and county of the town of Southampton, to the city of New Sarum, in the county of Wilts, with a collateral branch to Northam, within the liberties of the town ^/Southampton.

109* An ad for enabling the Horncaflle navigation company to raife a further fum of money to complete the faid navigation, and for amending an ad, pafled in the thirty-fecond year of the rergn of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the faid navigation.

no. An ad for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of then next feflion of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers of two ads, palled in the twenty-fe-venth year of the reign of his late majefty King G&orgethe Second, and the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in repair, a road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in the county of Middlefex% into the road leading into the county of EJJex, and alfo from the weft end of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shad-well Street into the Back Lane, of the faid county of Mtddlefex.

in. An ad for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of p^rliarpent, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two ads, palled for repairing, amending, and widening, the road from Keighley in the weft riding of the county of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of IVeftmorlandy fo far as the fame relate to that part ©f the faid road which lies within the counties of IVeftmorland and Lane after.

112.	An ad for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two ads, palled in the twenty-eighth yeai\of the reign of his late majefty King Goorge the Second, and in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Sutton, in the county of Surrey, through the borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill> to Povcy Crofs, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the fame county.

113.	An ad for veiling part of the fettled eftates of the moft honourable Arthur marquis of Downjhire, in the kingdom of Ireland^ and earl of Hillfborough, in the kingdorn of England, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing thereby in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame ufes, and for other purpofes.

114.	An ad for the partition of divers, eftates of the late fir Humphrey Brigges baronet, in which the right honourable Richard, vi(count Fitzwilliam, in the kingdom of Ireland, the reverend Richard Huntley, and George Brooke efquire, have undivided fhares.

115.	An-

Google

(Private) 39	40 GEO. III.

i 115. An a£l for confirming a partition made of the eftates ©f I the late Hurnprey Pitt efquire, and certain powers of fale, men-wj tioned in the partition deeds.

1|	116. An a£f for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons ^

|Jt and wade lands in the parifh of Yfceifiog, in the county of Flintr p' and in the parifh of Nannereh, in the county of Flint and Den-1 high. ,	.	*

ip 117. An aeft for enabling truftees to enfranchife copyhold §1 mefTuages or teneihents in the manor of Brigbtbelmjlon, in the p" county of Suflex> and to grant leafes of certain other tenements within the faid manor, devifed by the will of the late Charles Scrafe efquire, deceafed.

118,	An a£t for draining, embanking, and preferving divers tradts of land within the townfhip of Miijlon, in the parifh of Hunmanby, and alfo within fundry other parities, townlhips, or places adjoining or near to the rivers Derwent and Harford, in the eaft and north ridings of the county of York.

119.	An a£f for effetftuating a partition or divifion of certain freehold and copyhold, or cuftomary, mefTuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Worcejler, heretofore the eftates of Holland Cookfcy efquire, deceafed, and for fubftituting Thomas Bird gentleman, to be a truftee in the place of William Doivdef-zvell efquire, now in parts beyond the fea, for all the purpofes for which the faid William Dowdefwell, jointly with Thomas Blaney gentleman, is a truftee of one undivided fifth part of the faid freehold and copyhold, or cuftomary, mefTuages, lands, and hereditaments.

126. An a£f for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons, wafte lands, and marthes, in the parifh of Wbitford\ in the county of Flinty and for fencing the faid marfhes.

PRIVATE ACTS.

I. A N a£t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Tilbrooke, in the county of Bedford.

2.	An a6t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Iflip, in the county of Northampton.

3.	An a<5l for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds within the parifh of Salboufe> in the county of Norfolk.

4.	An a£t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Langley, in the county of

Norfolk,

5.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the common fields, half year or fhack lands, warren commons, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Caivjlon, in the county of Norfolk.

6.	An

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

6.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the moor* commons, and wafte lands, lying wrhin the manor and parifh of Locking, iO' the county of Somerfet.

7.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Bythorn, in the county of Huntingdon.

8.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Thorpe, next Norwich^ in the county of Norfolk, and in the.county of the city of Norwich.

9.	An ad for inclofing, dividing, and allotting,.two certain trads of land, now held and ufed as feinted common of paflure, within tlie parifh of Snettijhom, in the county of Norfolk.

10.	Art ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common arable meadow, ley paflure, and wafte lands, within the parifh of JVendlshury, in the county of Oxford.

11.	An ad for feparating the commons or wafte grounds of the manor of Baft Horfeley, in the county of Survey, which lie in the feveral parifhes of Eaft Horfele'y and Ockham, within the faid manor, and for fettling the rights of common thereon.

12.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and incloTing, the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, lying within the parifh of Bloxbam, in the county of Oxford.

13.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields and commons or wafie grounds, within the parifh of Martin with Grafton, in the county of York.

14.	An ad. for dividing, allotting, inclofing, the commons and wafie lands, within the parifti of Burlifcombe, in the county of Devon.

15.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the feveral parcels of common, moor, and wafte grounds, within the manor of Skelmanthcrpe, in the weft riding of the county of York.

16.	An ad for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclofing, the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifti of Normanton upon Trent, in tfie county of Nottingham.

17.	An ad for veiling in Hcneage Legge and William Sheldon efquires, divers freehold lands and hereditaments, in the parifh of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey, in the county of Surrey, late the eftate of Sarah Weft widow, and conveyed by her to fofeph Martin efquire, and Beriah Hills gentleman, by indentures of leafe and releafe, bearing date refpedively the twentieth and twenry-firft days of March one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, upon feveral trufts, and for enabling the faid Hernage Legge and William Sheldon to execute fuch of the fame trufts as are now fuhfifting.

18.	An ad for uniting the north mediety of the redory of Lever ton, in the county of Lincoln, with the fouth mediety of the fame rectory, from and after the next avoidance of either benefice.

j9. An ad for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and laying in

feveralty.

Hosted by Google

(Private) 39 &? 40 GEO. III.

feveralty, the common and open fields, common meadows, commonable lands, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Milton, in the county of Cambridge,

20.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inciofing, the common or wafte ground called Afhby JVoulds, in the manor and parifh of Afoby-de-la-Zoueh^ in the county of Leicejler.

21.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inciofing, certain commons and wafte lands, in the parifhes of Stoke~upon-Terny and Hinjlcek, i-n the county of Salop,

22.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inciofing, the open common field, or mefne inclofure, commons, moors, and wafte grounds, within the manor of 'Denby, otherwife Denby with Clayton Wejl, in the weft riding of the county of York,

23.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inciofing, the common and open fields, meadows, commonable land and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Over and Nether Dean, in the county of Bedford,

24.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inciofing, the open and common fields, common paftures, and common meadows, within fuch part of the parifh of Welford as is within the county of Gloucejler,

25.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inciofing, a common called Yanfield Moor^ /m the parifh of Chejler-le-Street, in the county of Durham.

26.	An aft for dividing, allotting, arnd inciofing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Far?ulijk> in the counties of Bedford and North-amptonj or one of them.

27.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inciofing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Ryhall with Belmefthorpe, othmvife Belminfthorp£, in the county of Rutland,

28.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inciofing, the whole year lands, open fields, commons, commonable wood grounds* and other commonable and wafte lands, within the parifti of Ovington, in the county of Norfolk,

29.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inciofing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Barnack with Pilfgate, in the county of Northampton,

30.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inciofing, the open fields, ings, commons, and wafte grounds, within the town-fhips of Tholthorpe and Flawith, in the parifti of Alney in the north riding of the county of York,

31.	An aft to diftolve the marriage of Edward Henry Columbine efquire, with Anna Maria Starr, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

32.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, the open and common lands and grounds, within the parifh of Shalbourn, in the counties of Wilts and Berks,

33' An

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

33.	An a6l for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the com-

thcns and wafte grounds, in the parifhes of Eafi 'Poringland^ TVefl Por\ngland, Framingham Earl, Framingham Pigot, Bixley* Armeringhatl, 67^ ATa/y Crofs, and Gaijler Saint Edmundfin the county of Norfolk ; and for making a compenfation for the tythes arifing in the faid parifhes of	Poringland\	Framingham Earlf

and Bixley•

34.	An a£l for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fie his, meadows, p allures, moors* carrs, and other commonable lands and wafle grounds, in the parifh of Wrawhy-cum-Brigg^ in the county of Lincoln.

35.	An a61 for dividing and inclofing the commons, fen grounds, and wade lands, within the parifh of Brooke, in the county of Norfolk.

36.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fk-lds, common meadows, commonable lands, and wafle grounds, within the parifh of Newton Bromjhold, in the county of North* ampten, and alfo fuch of the open fields, and other commonable land ., within the parifh of Higha?n Ferrers, in the faid county of Northampton^ as are called or known by the names of The Bufcotts and No Mans Leys.

37» An a61 for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, paflures, and wade grounds, in the lordfhip of Baffolm, in the county of Lincoln,

38.	An acl for dividing, inclofing, and improving the feveral open arable fields, ings, paflures, commons, and wafle grounds, within the townflhip of JVomerJley^ in the weft riding of the county of York.

39.	An a61 for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain open and common fields and wafle lands, within the parifh of Saint John Hertford, and the liberty of Brickendon, in the parifh of All Saints Hertford, in the county of Hertford.

40.	An a6t for veiling the 'manor of Moreton, and divers mef-fuages, lands, and hereditaments in Moreton in the county of Stafford, deviled by the will of fir William Wolfeley baronet, de-ceafed, in truflees, to be fold, and for the application of the money to arife from fuch fale, and for other purpofes.

41.	An a6t for veiling part of the fettled eflates of Richard Wood efquire, in truflees, to be fold, and for laying out the monies in the purchafe of other eflates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, to the fame ufes, and for other purpofes.

42.	An a6t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the commons and wade grounds within the parifh of Little Plumfcad in the county of Norfolk.

43.	An a61 for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields and wafle ground within the townfhip of Holmpton, in the parifhes of Holmpton and Hollym cum Withernfea, in Holdernefs> in the eafi riding of the county of York.

44.	An a6t for dividing and inclofing the open common fields,

meadows, and wade hnds in the parifh of Newark upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham.	N

45.	An

Hosted by Google

(Private) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

45.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the feveraf open fields, meadows, commons, and wafles, in the_ vills or hamlets of High Egbrongh, Low Egbrough, Sherwood, Hutgreen, and Tranmoor, in the parifh of Kelluigton, in the weft riding of the county of I'V/f.

46.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open common fields, ings, marfhes, common, commonable lands, and wade grounds, within the manor and townfhip of Carlioti in the parifh of Smith, and the manor and townfhip of Camblef-forth, in the parifh of Drax, in the weft riding of the county of York.

47.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the commons and wafts grounds within the parifh of Sprowjlon in the county of Norfolk.

48.	An ad for dividing and inclofing Nomads Moor, other-wife Norman's Moor, within the north riding of tiie county of York.

. 49. An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds within the manor and townfhip of Thurjlpn-land, in the parifh of Kirkburtony in the weft riding of the county of York.

50.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, common downs, commons, and wafte lands in the parifh of TVinterborne Stickland, in the county of Dorfety and for extinguifhing the tithes in the fame parifh.

51.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, and paftures,, and other commonable lands and grounds, and alfo the wafte lands and grounds, within the feveral parifbes of Hanworthy Felthatny and Sunbury, in the county of Middlefex.

52.	An ad for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and improving, the open arable fields, ftinted paftures, common paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the townfhip of I\earbyy other-wife Kirkby, otherwife Kirby-cum-Nether by, in the parifh of Kirk-by-Overblow, in the weft riding of the county of York.

53.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the feveral commons and wafte lands in the manors and townihips of Hale and Halewood, in the parifh o{ Childwally in the county palatine of Lancafter.

54.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields, paftures, waftes, and other uninclofed lands and grounds, in the parifh of Braceboroughy in the county of Lincoln, and for making compenfation for the tithes within the fame parifh.

55.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open common fields, lammas lands, commons, heaths, moors, and wafte lands, within the parifh of Ivery in the county of Bucking-ham.

56.	An ad to enable fujlinian Kerry efquire, and his iftiie, to take the furname and arms of Ekins only, purfuant to the will of fnjlinian Ekins efquire, deceafed.

57.	An ad to enable the truft'ees therein named, to repair the

Vol. XLII.	c	pew

Hosted by GoOglC

A TABLE of the STATUTES

new bridge over the river Avon, from the city of Bath) to the manor of Batbwick, and to raife a fufficient fum for that purpofe by a charge on the truft eftates of the late general Pulteney, or to apply in that manner certain fums which may be payable to the faid truft eftates from the company of proprietors of the Kennet and Avon canal navigation.

58.	An ad for empowering the judges of the court of feflion in Scotland to fell fuch part or parts of the entailed eftate of Blairball and others, in the counties of Fife and Perth, belonging to miftrefs Ann Ranaidfon Dickfon, wife of James Ranaldfon Dickfon, of Blairhal^ efquire, as (hall be fufficient for payment of the debts and provifions to younger children affeding the' fame,

59.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields, and other commonable lands, in the parifhes of Exton and Cottefmore with Barrow, in the county of Rutland, and for extinguishing the tithes in thofe parifhes.

60.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain heath lands, and open and common fields, common paftures, and commonable lands, within the parifh of Cajp.ngton, in the county of Oxford, and in the hamlet of Wort on, otherwife Work-ton, within the faid parifh.

61.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open meadows, commonable, lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of South Hykeham, in the county of Lincoln, and for making com-penfation to the redor of South Hykeham aforefaid, in lieu of the tithes of all the titheable lands within the fame parifh.

62.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, waftes, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh of Guilden Morden, in the county of Cambridge.

63.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the feveral open common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands, and a trad of heath land, within the parifh of Enjham, in the county of Oxford.

64.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parifh of Holywell zqith Needingworth, in the county of Huntingdon.

65.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the half year or (hack lands, warrens, commons, heaths, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the pariflies of Horsford,, Horjham Saint Faith'S) and hamlet of Newton Saint Faith'in the county of Norfolk.

66.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parifh of Elfworth, in the county of Cambridge.

67.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons, moors, and wafte grounds, within the townfhip of Ing-hurchworth, in the parifh of Penijhne, in the weft riding of the county .of York.

68. An

'	Hosted	by Google

( Private)39 40 GEO. III.

68.	An aft for confirming and eftabiifliing the divifion and inclofure of a certain common, or parcel of wafte land, called Seifton Foreft, otherwife The Long Forejl, within the townfhips of Seifton, Bache, and Norton, in theparifh of Culmington, in the county of Salop, and certain exchanges of lands and eftates within the faid parifh.

69.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, meadows, paftures, commonable and wafte lands, within the parifh of JVyfall, in the,county of Nottingham.

70.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain common fields and wafte lands, within or adjoining the parifh of Saint Mary, in Stafford, in the county of Stafford.

71.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, meadow, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Ordfall, in the county of Nottingham.

72.	An ad for naturalizing Alexander "John Gafpard Marcet.

73.	An ad for the fale of the George inn, in the town of Northampton, vefted in truftees for charitable purpofes under the will o (John Driden efquire, deceafed, and for inverting the money arifing from the fale thereof in the purchafe of three pounds per centum confolidated bank annuities, until a proper purchafe can be found, and in the mean time for applying the dividends and annual produce thereof for the fame charitable purpofes.

74.	An ad to give to truftees powers of fale, exchange, and partition, over fuch of the (hares of eftates comprized in the marriage fettlement cf William Barhor efquire, as are fituate in the county of Somerfet, and to lay out the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of eftates, to be fituate in the county of Devon, and to give a power of changing and appointing new truftees of the eftates fo to be fold.

75.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and wafte grounds, within fhe parifh of Rocejler, and in the townfhip of Denflon, within the parifhes of Rocejler aforefaid,-and Alveton, in the county of Stafford.

76.	An ad for exchanging, allotting, improving, and inclofing, certain open and commonable arable lands, within the parifh of Huntfpilly in the county of Somerfet, and for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and improving, a certain open and commonable pasture, called Stert Common, fituate in the parifh of Huntfpill aforefaid, and in the parifhes of Cannington, Stockland BriJrolJ and Stogurfey, in the faid county of Somerfet.

77.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the. open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Con* nington, in the county of Cambridge.

78.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common or commonable meadows, paftures, lands, and grounds, and wafte lands, in the parifh of Wait church, in the county of Oxford.

79.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common, common fields, common marfhes, and wafte land, within the parifh of

Edmonton%

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES, See.

Edmonton, in the county of MiddUfex, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

80.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common paftures, and commonable and wafle lands, within the manor or tithing of Cbirton, other wife Cherrington, in the county of Wilts;

81.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and. inclofing, the feveral open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the feveral manors or townfhips of Hunmanby and Fordon, in the parifh of Humnanby, in the eaft riding of the county of York, and for making compenfation in lieu of tithe arifing in, over, or upon,, the fame, and in, over, and upon, certain ancient inclofed lands in the fame townfhips,

82.	An aft for naturalizing Frederick JViUiam IVijlenhoufen.

83* An a<5t for naturalizing Charles Gotthold Nicolay.

84.	An aft for dividing, allotting, laying in feveralty, and in-cloling, the open and common arable lands, common meadow, common pafture, wafte and down ground, within the parifh or townfhip of Sparjbolt, in the county of Berks, and within the hamlet of Wejlcote, in the fame parifh and county.

85.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the heaths and commons, and for exonerating, from common right, the half year lands and lammas lands, within the manors of Dedham Flail and Overhail and Netherhall, in the parifh of Dedham, in the county of EJJex.

86.	An aft for naturalizing Francis Julius Mtcheli•

87.	An aft for naturalizing John Tulliken.

88.	An aft for naturalizing John Joachim Vital de Boubee de Brouquens, an infant.

89.	An aft for naturalizing Johan Gotlieb Lebrecht Sultzbergen.

90.	An aft for naturalizing Jean Elizabeth Grammont ValUttey widow.

Hosted by

Google

THE I