THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. Regis.

Being the SECOND Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XXXIV PART I.

THE

Statutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXIV.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the University;

For CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1782.

CUM PRIVILEGIO

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLIC and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno vicesimo secundo

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the Second Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap 1. For further continuing an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high seas, or the crime of piracy.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to His Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

Cap. 3; For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty two.

Cap. 4, For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 5. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 6. For keeping the militia forces of this kingdom complete, during the time therein mentioned.

Cap. 7. For further continuing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown silk in any Ships or vessels, for a limited time.

Cap. 8. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

Cap. 9. For rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the commissioners appointed, by an act made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same session, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one and for appointing other commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

Cap. 10. For the better detaining, and more easy exchange of American prisoners brought into Great Britain.

Cap. 11. For allowing further time to negotiate, by indorsement, the bonds issued in pursuance of an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for more effectually carrying into execution certain proposals made by the most noble Henry duke of Buccleugh, the most noble Charles duke of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the annuities granted by the company of the bank of Ayr, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

Cap. 12. For making compensation to the proprietors of certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, purchased in pursuance of two acts of parliament, one made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing his majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the passage of the river Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort; and the other in the twenty first year of his present majesty's reign, for explaining and amending so much of the said act as relates to the security of his Majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at Plymouth and to certain proprietors and occupiers of land at or near Plymouth, who have sustained any loss or damage inconsequence of the said acts.

Cap. 13. To continue several laws therein mentioned relating to the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain; to the encouragement of the silk manufactures; and for taking off several duties on merchandise exported, and reducing other duties; to the free importation of cochineal and indico; to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain; to securing the duties upon foreign made sail cloth, and charging foreign made sails with a duty; to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of British corn and grain in neutral ships; to the allowing the exportation of provisions, goods, wares, and merchandizes, to certain places in North America, which are or may be under the protection of his Majesty's arms, and from such places to Great Britain, and other parts of his Majesty's dominions; to the impowering his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and restrain the carrying coastwise, of copper in bars, or copper in sheets; and to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies in America.

Cap. 14. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the town of Stourbridge, in the county of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire canal at or near Stourton, in the county of Stafford; and also two collateral cuts therein mentioned.

Cap. 15. For the relief of naval officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, with respect to prize and bounty money not claimed in due time.

Cap. 16. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

Cap. 17. To repair, enlarge, and rebuild, Cobham, Leatherhead, and Godalming bridges, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 18. For continuing the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every Scots pint of ale, porter, or beer, brewed for sale, or vended, within the town and parish of Dalkeith.

Cap. 19. For granting an additional bounty on ships employed in the Greenland and whale fishery; for a limited time.

Cap. 20. To revive and further continue an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, bogs' lard, and grease.

---

Cap. 21. To extend so much of two acts of the twentieth and twenty first years of his present majesty's reign, as relate to the fate of, and ascertaining the duties upon, East India goods, to tea; and all other gdods of the growth, product, or manufacture oif China; or ahy country within the limits of the East India company's charter, which have been, dr shall, during the present hdftilities, be brdught into this kingdom, and condemned as prize? for equalising the duties upon, and regulating the importation of foreign snuff into this kingdom; and for preventing, the importation and running of foreign spirituous liquors, tea, and other prohibited goods, into this kingdom, in? itbas fitted out and armed as privateers.

Cap. 22. For better securing the duties payable, by virtae^f an act of the fifth year of the feign of Queen Anne, on the importation of coats, culm, and cinders, into the port of Great Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 23. For allowing farther time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers.

Cap. 24. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

Cap. 25. To prohibit the ransoming of ships or vessels captured from his majesty's subjects, and of the merchandise or goods on board such ships or vessels.

Cap. 26. For providing quarters for certain foreign troops, lately employed in his majesty's service in the defence of the island of Minorca, and expelled to arrive soon in this kingdom, for a limited time.

Cap. 27. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the city of Rochester, and the parishes of Stroody Frindfbury, Cobkam, Shorney Highamy Cliffy Cooling, High hal fowy Chalk, Hooy Burhamy Wouldham, Hailing, cuxjloney Chatham, and Gillingham, and the ville of Sheerness, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 28. For granting an additional duty upon tobacco and snuff; and for repealing certain duties payable upon the import tation of brandy and arrack, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 29. For further continuing an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for exempting the city of Winchester, the county of Southampton, the town of shrew(bury, and the county of Salop, out of the provi fans of an afty made in the eighth year of the reign of hit late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for regulating the quartering of soldiers during the time of the elections of members to serve in parliament 5 so far at the same relatet to the removal of troops during the elections of membert to serve in parliament, for a limited time.

Cap. 30. For allowing the importation of goods of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the islands of Saint Christopher % Nevis, and Montferraty into any ports of his majesty's dominions in Europe or America, upon payment of the British plantation duties.

Cap. 31. For the preventing of bribery and corruption in the election of members to serve in parliament for the borough of Criciladey in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 32. To revive and continue an act, passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to regulate the loading of Jhipt with coals in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

Cap. 33. For charging a stamp duty upon inland bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other notes payable otherwise than upon demand.

Cap. 34. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

hundred and eighty-two; and for consolidating certain atottii ties, which were made one joint dock by an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, with certain annuities consolidated by several acts, made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty first, thirty second, and thirty third years of the reign of his said late Majesty, and several subsequent acts.

Cap. 35. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of middle sex; and for providing a proper workhouse and burial ground for the use of the said parish; and for opening certain communications, and making certain streets, within the said parish.

Cap. 36. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand fevea hundred and eighty-two.

Cap. 37. For the more easy and speedy recovery of fmau debts within the parishes of Brofeley, Bcnthall, Madefy Barrow, Linfy Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, and an extraparochia] place called Pofnally in the county of Salop.

Cap. 38. To permit the importation of British plantation tobacco from any port or place either in America, or the West fa dies, or in Europe, during the present hostilities.

Cap. 39. For granting to his Majesty additional duties upon salt; and certain duties upon Glauber or Epsom salts, and also on mineral alkali or flux for glass, made from salt; and to prevent frauds in the duties on soul lair, to be used in manuring of lands.

Cap. 40. For punishing persons wilfully and maliciously destroying any woollen, silk, linen, or cotton goods, or any implements prepared for, or used in the manufacture thereof $ and for repealing so much of two acts^made in the twelfth year of King George the First, and in the sixth year of his present Majesty, as relates to the punishment of persons destroying any woollen or Glk manufactures, or any implements prepared for, or used therein.

Cap. 41. For better securing the freedom of elections of members to serve in parliament, by disabling certain officers, employed in the collection or management of his majesty's revenues, from giving their votes at such elections.

Cap. 42. For building a stone bridge cross the river of thamesy from the parish of Ealingy in the county of Middlesex to the opposite Shore in the hamlet of kewy in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 43. For making a partage for carriages from Spitalfields to bishopfgote jlreety in the county of middlejexy and for paving the same; and for appropriating to those purposes the money arisen by virtue of an act, passed in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, for applying the sum of nine thousand pounds, to arise out of the orphans' fund, for making such partage.

Cap. 44. For amending the pavement in, and for lighting some of the streets, lanes, ways, and places, in the parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in Westminster,

which are at present excluded from the provisions of an passed in the eleventh year of his present Majesty, (intituled, An act to amend and render, more effectual several acts made relating to, paving, deanfmg, and lighting, the squares, streets, lanes, and aether «jplaces, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and farts adjacent /) and for preventing nuisances and annoyances in or near the same; and for making an opening from Orchard Street, and widening same part of Wood Street, and of Little Peter Street.

Cap. 45. For restraining any person concerned in any contract, commission, or agreement, made for the public service, from being elected, or sitting and voting as a member of the house of commons.

Cap. 46. To enable his Majesty to conclude a peace or truce with certain colonies in North America therein mentioned.

Cap. 47. For licensing lottery office keepers, and regulating he Tale of lottery tideets.

Cap. 48. For charging a duty on peelbns whose property (hah fce insured against Ids by fire.

Cap. 49. To rectify a mistake in an act of this fefltep of parliament, with respect to preventing the importation and running of tea into this kingdom, in armed vessels having letters of mark, or other commissions from the admiralty.

Cap. 50. For further continuing an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefem Majesty, intituled, An act for appointing and enabling cammiffimers to examine, fate, ami Jlatt the public accounts of the kingdom; and to report wbat balances are in the hands of accountantsx which may be applied to the public ftr viu\ and what deft fts there are in 'the present mode of receiving, tullefling, ijsuing, and accounting for pubtici money 5 and in what iaore expeditious and effectual, and less expensive manner, the said fer vices can in future be regulated and carried en for the benefit of the public.

Cap. 51. To discharge and indemnify the united company of merchants of England trading to die East Indies, from all damage, interests, and Losses, in respect to their having made default in certain payments due to the public, on such payments being made at a future ftipuiated time; and to enable the said Company to continue a dividend of eight pounds per centum to the proprietors of their flock for the present year.

Cap. 52. For preventing the slaughtering of cattle within the city of Edinburgh, and for removing nuisances and annoyances therefrom.

Cap. 53. To repeal an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the better securing the dependency of the kingdom Ireland upon the crown of great Britain.

Cap. 54. For restraining sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Pfter Perringtiquire, from going out of this kfngdom, for a limited time and for discovering their estates and effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

Cap. 55. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register of deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purports; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and fdicitors.

Cap. 56. More effectualiy to enable the inhabitants of the psriftt of Saint Labi in the county of Middlesexy to purchase, hire, or ered, a worfchouse, within or near the said parish, for the better reception and employment of the poor of the said parish.

Cap. 57. For building a new bridge, instead of the present ancient bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridge, at a more convenient place over the river Lojney near the town of La cq/kry in the county palatine of Lamaster.

Cap. 58. For the more easy discovery and effectual puntth merit of buyers and receivers of stolen goods

Cap. 59. To provide that the proceedings on the bill, now depending in parliament, /^ infixing certain sains and penalties onfir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring tfquiroy for certain broaches of puhkck trusty and high crimes and misdemeanorsy committed by them whiljl they rtfpefiively held the offices of governor and pnfiident, counfellersy and members of the select committee of the fet dement tf Sort Saiot George, on the coast of Coromandel, 14 the East Indies, shall not be difeominued by any prorogation or dif volition of the parliament.

Cap. 60. To prevent the (educing of artificers or workmen employed in printing calicoes, cottons, muffins, and linens, or in making or preparing blocks, plates, or other implements used in that manufactory, to go to parts beyond the seas 5 and to prohibit the exporting to foreign parts of any such blocks, plates or other implements.

Cap.61. For granting an additional duty upon white or ma \ bees wax imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 62. To explain and amend so much of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for raising and training the militia, as relates to persons paying the sum of ten pounds being liable to serve again in the militia at the expiration of three years 5 and also to oblige substitutes to make oath respecting their place of fectlesnent.

Cap. 63. To repeal so much of an a, made in the nineteenth year of King George the Second, (for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for the other pvrpofes therein men timed )y as restrains the use of the highland chess.

Cap. 64. For the amending and rendering more effectual the laws in being relative to houses of correction.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 65. To enable the most noble Henry duke of Newtojlle.9 his heirs, executors, or administrators, to open a street from the Strand, at or near the east end of the Hew Churchy to the. south end of Stanhope Street in the parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the city, and liberty of Westminster; and to make a more commodious communication between the north end of Stanhope Street aforesaid, and fvylde Street in the parish of Saint Giles in the Fields in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 66. For granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain.

Cap. 67. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys there in mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and for further appropriating the up plies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 68. For repealing the duties payable for bepr and ale above six Shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise; and hot exceeding eleven Shillings the barrel, exclusive of such duties, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for grafting additional duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned; and also additional duties on fope made in Great. Britain, and upon the produce of the said additional duties on coaches and on other carriages; and for the better securing the duty upon tea, and other duties of excise; and also for appointing the number of commissioners of excise who may hear causes depending before them relative to the duties on male Servants.

Cap. 69. For compelling John Whitehill esquire to return into this Kingdom; and for refiraining him, in case of his return, from going out of this kingdom for a limited time; and for discovering his estate and effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the same.

Cap. 70. To enable the commander in chief of his majesty's foroes, and the secretary to the comjnandpr in chief of his majesty foroes, to send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of portage.

Cap. 71. More effectually to prevent his majesty's enemies from being supplied with ships or vessels from Great Britain.

Cap. 72. For continuing so much of an at of the sixth year of, his present Majesty, as relates to prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets.

Cap. 73. To explain an act made in the twelfth year of the feign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An act for prohibiting the plantingy fettingy or Jewing of tobacco in England 0^ Ireland), and to permit the use and removal of tobacco, the growth of Scotland into Englandy for a limited time, under certain restrictions.

Cap. 74. For enlarging the times appointed for the first meetings of commissioners, or other persons for putting in execution certain acts of this fdfion of parliament.

Cap. 75. To prevent the granting in future any patent office I to be exercised in any colony or plantation now, or at any time j; hereafter, belonging to the crown of Great Britain, for any longer j 1 term than during such time as the grantee thereof, or person appointed thereto, shall discharge the duty thereof in person \ behave well therein.

Cap. 76. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 77. To render valid and effectual certain articles of agreement between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of Louden, governors of the poitessions, revenues, and goods, of the hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Cbrist, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apojlle, and of the hospitals of Henry the Eighth, King of England, called The House tf the Poor, in jvejl Smithfield, near London, and of the house i and hospital called Betbelem, and the presidents, treasurers, apd acting governors, of the said several hospitals.

Cap. 78. To permit drugs, the product of Hungary or Germany, to be imported from the Aujlrian Netherlands, or any part of Germany, upon payment of the single duty; to allow the im L portation of Hungary or German winefs, and organzined thrown I fi!k, from the Aujhian Netherlands, or any part of Germany, into Great Britain, and of timber, and other goods, from any part of Europe, in ships the property of subjects under the same so 1 vereign as the country of which the goods are the growth, produce, or manufacture.

Cap. 79. For the encouragement and difeiplining of such \ or companies of men as shall voluntarily enrol! themselves for defence of their towns or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the present war.

Cap. 80. To vest ceftain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his majesty's ddpks, ships, and stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham.

Cap. 81, For the better regulation of the office of pay matter

31 of his majesty's forces.

Cap. 82. For enabling his Majesty to discharge the debt con upon his civil list revenues 5 and or preventing the same from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the (node of payments out of the said revenues, and by fuppreffin^ or regulating certain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the civil list.

Cap. 83. For the better relief and employment of the poor.

Cap. 84. For better paving, cleansing, and lighting, part of the pariftv of Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Middlesex, and such part of Old Bond Street as lies within the parish of Saint James, in the said county; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

1 Cap. 85. For the improvement of Portman Square, within the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middkfex.

Cap. 86. For explaining and amending two acts, one made, in the eleventh, and the other in the seventeenth year of his present

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Majesty, for paving certain streets in the parishes of Stint John of ivappingy and Saint George in the county of middlesex, and for other purposesj and for extending the provisions of the said asto other parts of the said parishes, and alto for opening certain communications within the said parish of Saint George.

Cap. 87. For paving and freeing from nuisances and annoyances, the several streets, ways, and places, within the parish of Saint Anne, in the county of Middlesexy and queen jireet and London jireet, in the hamlet of Ratcliffcy within the said parish $ for making ways or streets into the street called Rijbys rope groundy and through or acrofg Shoulder of Mutton Alky and a street called Ropemaker's fields, to Three Colt Street, and from the bridge in the said street called Rifby's rope ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid.

Cap. 88. To continue the term of an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the rejgn of hie late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a place called heiring fyke, that divides the counties of Lancaster and Westmorland.

Cap. 89. For extending the provision of an at, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for more effectually amending several roads leading from the borough of Truro, in the county of Cornwall, to the roads leading from Shortlanes End, in the parish fl/'kenwyn, to Callestock Burrow, and from The T wo Burrows, in the aid parishy to Perran almjhoufty and from The Three Burrows, in the said parishy to Saint Agnes almjhouse, in the said county.

Cap. 90. For enlarging the term and powers of ana, petted in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the road leading from White Cross, in the parish of Leven, in Holderness, in the east riding of the county of York, to the town of Beverley, in the said county.

Cap. 91. To confirm, and carry into execution, certain articles of agreement entered into between the right honourable James earl of Sdifbury, and the trustees appointed by and under several acts of parliament, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chaety in the parish of South mimsy in the county of midduftxy to Ltmnsford Mill in the county of Hertford; and for turning and altering the said road, in the manner mentioned in the said agreement.

Cap. 92. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an at, made in the thirty third year of hi late Majesty, for repairing several roads leading to the town of Oak hampron, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 93. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an al, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An atl for amending and widening the roads from the turnpike road upon Gatberley Moor, in the county ofyot\l* to btaindrop, in the county of Durham; and from the said turnpike road near Smallways, across tbs river Tecs* to Winston, in the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fsh county if Durham; and for building a bridge ever the send river fit or near Winston Ford.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for repairing ard widening the roads from a place calledli tt legate, at the top of lcadcn hatn HHI, in the county of Lincoln, to the west end of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent; and from the guide post at the division 0/kelham and Muflcam lanes to Mansfield, and from South well to Oxton, in the county oj Nottingham; and for repairing the road from the west side of Newark Bridge to the said guide post.

Cap. 95. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of the second year of his present Majesty, far amending and widening the road from the market hufe in Stourbridge to coljy Gate, in Cradley, and other roads therein mentionfd, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relates to the roads leading from the market hoafe in 8tourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pcdmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halefozven; and for opening a more commodious communication with the Birmingham turnpike road.

Cap. 96. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, of the first year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from the town of Stone to Wordfley Green Gate; and from the wlft end of Bilfton Street, in Wolverhampton, to The High Street, opposite The Old Bush, in Dudley; and from a place called Burnt Tree, near, Dudley to Birmingham; and from The Market Cross in Wolverhampton, Cannock; in the counties tf/1 Stafford, Worcester, end Warwick.

Cap. 97. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for amending cmd widening the road from Bawrry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the south side cf Wertley, in the county of York, where it joins the turnpike road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, so tar as the same related to the road leading from Bawtry aforesaid to Tinjlfy* and through part of the town of tinjuy, to the place where the same joins the road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield.

Cap. 98. For continuing the term and altering the powers of an act of the first year of his present Majesty, for amending the road from Dartford to Northfleet, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent and for allowing an annual payment out of the tolls arising upon the said roads, to the trustees for the care of the road leading from Rockcjler to maid pne> in the said county, to be applied for the purposes theiein mentioned.

Cap. 99. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, inritulcd. An act for re faring and widening severed roads leading to and through the hret/gb of

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

f/'tam worth, and other roads therein mentioned in the counties oj Stafford, Warwick, and Derby.

Cap. 100. For amending and keeping in repair the roads Jeading from the Willerjley turnpike road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill; and from the turnpike road on Fair Mile Fields to the turnpike read at Broad Heath; and from the turnpike road at or near the Fords Bridge, to the turnpike road near Stockton; and from Kyre Common, to the turnpike road at gren don Greeny in the counties of tierejord and fvorcester.

Cap. 101. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis and Dorchester, in the county of Dorset; and for repairing the road leading from the parish of Warmwelly through the parishes of Poxwell and ojmington, to the church in the said parish of ojmington» in the said county of Dorset,

Cap. 102. For continuing the term of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present majesty, for amending and widening the road leading from the high poji road near the town ^/taversham, Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to the town and port of Hythe, in the county of Kent; and from bacon's Water, to a certain lane called Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near the city of Canterbury.

Cap. 103. For reviving and continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an act of the thirtieth year of his late majesty. Entitled, An act for amendingy wideningy and keeping in repairy severed roads in and near to the town tf/'tenbury, in the counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford; and for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from The Knowle Gate to the turnpike road on the Glee Hilly leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the turnpike road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in the said counties.

Cap. 104. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from Hale worthy, in the pari/b of David stow, in the county of Cornwall, to the east end of Wadebridge, in the said county; and from the west end of Wadebridge ajorefaidy into and through the borough Mitchell, in the said county

Cap. 105. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Wrexkamy in the county of Denbigh, to Barn billy in the county of Chester.

Cap. 106. For repairing and widening the road from tar porley, in the county palatine of Cbeftery to Afton Bridgey near lveverbam % in the same county.

Cap. 107. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present ma j[efty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the highroad leading from Afhborne, in the county of Derby, to the town of Leek, in the county of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon

il Rufhton

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Rafhton Common, to Congleton, in the county vf Chefterand f clfo the road leading from Blithe Marsh, in the county Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the turnpike road,

1 frm Afhborne to Buxton, near Thorp, in the county of Derby; as relates to the district of road between ajhbome and Congleton; and for repairing the road from the end of Afhborne Church yard to the top of The Dig Street, in Ajhborne aforesaid.

Cap. 108. To enlarge the term and powers of an a A, passed in the thirty third year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from the town of Brecon to the parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the county of Hereford; and for building a bridge over the river Wye, at Bred warding Passage, in the same county \ so far as relates to such of the roads comprised in the said act as lie in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 109. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the second year of his present Majesty, for repairing and winning the road from the turnpike road alt Wey Hill, in the county Southampton, to the turnpike road at Lyde Way, in the county #/wijts.

Cap. 110. To continue the term and alter the powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from a pond belonging to Henry Eyre esquire, in the parish of White Parish, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Dunwood Hill; and from thence, over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through romfey infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the county of Southampton, and from thence to the county of the town Southampton.

Cap. 111. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from the borough of Appleby, in the county of Westmoreland, through the tvwn/hip of Orton, to Kirby Kendall, and from Orton to the turnpike road near Shapp, and from Higligate, near Tebay, in a part of the highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendall, through the town of k\i\>y Steven, to the town of Market Borough, in the said county.

Cap. 112. For repairing and widening the roads from a place called The Hardwickey in the parish of Clifford to Windmill Hill, and from Vowchurch to Pontrilas, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 113. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Brecon, through the town of Hay, in the county of Brecon; and also the road through Marifh Lane, to the Builth and Hay turnpike road, near the village of Llyfwen, in the same county.

Cap. 114. To repeal so much of an act, passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Flimwell Vent, in the county of suftex, through Higligate, tn the county of Kent, and the parishet fl/'sandhurst,

Newenden,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Me winder), and Northiam* to Rye, in the said coknty of Suffer J and from Highgate aforefati, to Cooper's Corner, in the aid county of suftex, and to tubb's Lake, in the fond county of Kent; as relates to the road from Highgate to Tubb's Lake, and for enlarging the term and powers of the said act with respect to the other roads therein contained.

Cap. 115. To enlarge the term and powers of several acts passed in the eleventh, twenty sixth, and tweflty nirtth years of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End, in the county of Middlesex;

Cap. 116. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, passed in the second and eleventh years of his present majesty, reign, so far as the same relate to the road from Blithe Marsh to the road leading from jlfbborne to Buxton, near 7horp, and from the road between Cheadle and Leek to the turnpike road above Frogall Bridge, and from 'the same road to the road at or near Ruehill Gate, in the counties of Stafford and Derby.

PRIVATE ACTS.

I. AN act for naturalising Henry Meier and Herman Diederick jf\ Retberg.

2. An act for allotting part of Minfierworth Ham, irl the pa ri(h of Minfierworth, in the county of Gloucester^ to Charles Barrow esquire, his heirs and assigns, in lieu of life common rights thereupon and for allowing exchanges within the said,

3. An act for naturalising John Claudius Billet.

4. An act for naturalising Charles Frederick Sckmolh

5. An act for naturalising Frederick Tfcbiffeli.

6. An act for dividing and iriclofing a certain part of th forest of Mendip, and a piece of waste land called tvindfor's Hill, situate within the parish of Sheptoh Mallet, irt the county of Somerfeu

7. An act for vesting diverse manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Hertford late the estate of John lord Mohfon, deceased, in trurt; ees, to be sold, and disposed of in and for the payment of his debts and certain of the legacies and portions given by life will and codicil, and for other purposes there i in mentioned.

8. An act for dividing enclosing, and improving the several commons and waste grounds within the manor of tionley* irt the parish of Almondbury, in the county of York, and for abolishing or settling certain other rights or claims within the said manor.

9*An act for confirming and carrying irito execution certain agreements entered into by John Pitt esquire surveyor gef neral

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fiend of his majesty's woods and forests, with Benjamin Planner and others, relating to certain wade lands and other lands, in the parish of Egham % in the county of Surrey, and for .vesting the same in the said John Piity and his heirs, in trust for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to effectuate the other purposes therein mentioned.

10. An act for discharging part of the settled estates of John hrriige Cholwich esquire, in the county of Devon, from the uses and trusts of his marriage fettlemenr, and for settling other estates in the said county, in lieu thereof.

11. An act for discharging the manor of Jmley^ otherwise Evtnley, and diverse messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in lmley otherwise Evenley aforesaid, and elsewhere in the county of Northampton, part of the estate of sir Francis baf jti, of Ttbidy Parkin the county of Cornwall, baronet, from the uses, estates, and trusts, declared concerning the same, in and by the last will and testament of Francis Bajfet, late of 7> hiij Park aforesaid, esquire, deceased, and for iettling another manor and other lands and hereditaments of greater value in lieu thereof to the like uses.

n. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Newton esquire, with Catharine Seymour, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

13. An act for vesting the freehold and inheritance in fee of part of the estates heretofore of the right honourable Henrietta Csvcndijb Holies, countess of Oxford, and countess Mortimer, deceased, in trustoes, in trust, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be sufficient to pay off and discharge the debts, legacies, and other remaining encumbrances affecting the whole of the estates late of her the said countess, which were deviled by her will, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act for vesting in trustees a competent part of the settled estates of the most noble Henry duke of Newcastle, in the parishes of Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Giles in the Fields, for the purpose of raising on mortgage, or otherwise, such fume of money as shall be found expedient to be raised and applied for making and opening a new street therein mentioned, from the east end of the New Church in the Strand, to the south end of Stanhope Street, and for defraying all neccfiary costs, charges, and expenses, attending the same.

1$. An act for vesting part of the estates of Robert late earl of houernejfe % deceased, in the county of York, in trustees, (of a term of years, for raising and payment of the sum of five thousand pounds charged by the wih of the said earl on his hid estates.

16. An act for fele of an annual fee farm rent of one hundred pounds, payable to the see of Elyf out of certain estates in and near Hatton Garden, in the county of Middlesex, and for applying the money to arise from such sale in manner therein mentioned.

17. An act for enabling the trustees for fak of part of the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

settled estates of John Newnham esquire, in the counties of tfuft tingdon, Middlesex, and Suffix, and in the cities of London and Canterbury, to make an indemnity to the purchasers of certain parts'thereof, against the perpetual annual sums or payments to which such parts are liable.

18. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, pastures, arid commonable and wash lands, within the manor and parish of Wtnjlone, in the count of gloucejlek

19. An act for dividing, and allotting in several ty, the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common pastures, and commonable places, within the pari (Is of Kingjlti1 Deverill, in the county of ivilts.

20. An act for dividing and enclosing a carr or common call ed Thormanby Carr, within the parish of Thormanby, in the north riding of the county of York.

21. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common fields, meadows, pastures and other commonable lands, and grounds, within the township of Bolam, in the parish of gain ford, in the county of Durham.

22. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the manor of Galverton, with the west side of Stone) Stratford, in the cdunty of Buckingham.

23. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures commons, and commonable places, in the parish of Orton on the Hill; in the county of Leiceffir, and the lands within the ring of the said fields, reputed to belong formerly to the abbey of Merevale.

24. An act for dividing, enclosing; and allotting certain moors, commons, or waste lands, lying and being within the pairfh of jvookey, in the county of Somerfei.

25. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the opeh and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parish of Great Creaton, in the county of Northampton, and the hamlet of Little Creaton, in the parish of Spralton, in the said county.

26. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common field,

and commonable places, within the parish of Stanton Saint tintin, in the county of Wilts

27. An act for dividing, allotting; arid enclosing; the dper arid common fields, common pastures, common meadows, artt other commoriable lands and grounds of and within the manor! and liberties of Piddington and Hackleton, in the parish of Pid dington, in the county of Northampton.

28. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain oper and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, ant common downs, in the hamlet or tything of eajungton, otherwise Northieacb Foreign, in the manor of eajungton, and parifl of Northieach, in the county of Gloucester.

29. An act for enclosing and leaung a piece of waste land

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

called The Marfa within the parish and borough of Newcastle under Lime, in the county of Stafford, and applying the profits thereof in aid of the poors rates of the said parish and borough.

30. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and commonable places, within the lordship or liberty of Sandiacre, in the county of Derby.

31. An act for confirming a certain piece of ground, part of the common of Norwood, in the parish of Batcombey in the county of Somersety to the rector of the said parish; and for veiling the same, together with an additional piece of ground, other part of the said common, in him and his successors, in lieu of all right of common and tithes belonging to the redory of Bat combey in or within the said common of Norwood 5 .and for confirming all the several other parts of the said common t? the several proprietors thereof, discharged of all right of common and tithes belonging to the said redory.

3a. An act for vesting the estates late in jointure to dame Sarah Fowler widow, in trustees, to be sold, conveyed, and settled, pursuant to a decree of the court of exchequer.

33. An act for naturalising Henry Eggers.

Hh End of the TABLE.

A

T A B L E

O F T H E

S T A T U T E

PUB L I C K and PRIVAT E,

Paflcd Amo V

GEORGII III

j

i Bring the Third Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

cap.i.#tn0 permit the importation of wheat, wheat flour, X rye, rye flour barley, and all sorts of corn, grain, and meal, upon payment of the low duties therein mentioned, for a limited time.

Cap. a. To continue an act, made in the last feflibn of parliament, intituled, An act tpore effectudlly to prevent his Majesty's enemies from being supplied with Ships or vessels from Great Britain.

cp. 3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to beraifed in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thou hnd seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 5. For continuing an act, passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for uftreining sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring, ffyuire> from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for if Levering their estates and tffists, and preventing the transporting r alienating the same.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap 6. To continue several laws, relating to life regulating the fees of officers of the customs and naval officers in America \ to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies in America;

to the permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the tvefi India; arid*1to the repealing the duties upon pot and ptofl ashes, wood and weed aimported into Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 7. For the regulation rif his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 8. For continuing several acts passed for thehetter regulate on of lastage and ballaltege in the river Thames.

Cap. 9. For allowing the importation of rice, paddy, Indian corn, Indian meal, and maize, free from duty, for 1a licfited tim.

Cap. 10. For further continuing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown silk in any ships or vejjehjfor a limited time.

Cap. 11. To amend art act, made in thte twenty*ft>urth year Of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An act for the more cffcftual securing the duties upon tobacco; to prohibit the importation of currants into Great Britain in small packages; to repeal such part of the proviso in an' act of the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits Portugal and spanish wines, and other wines, (except French wines) to be imported in small casks for private use; and for taking off the inland duty payable upon the importation of coconuts into this kingdom, upon the exportation thereof as merchandise.

Cap. 12. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 13. For more effectually draining and preserving certain lafnds arid ground within the level of Hatfield Chase and parts afffacerit, in the counties of Fork, Lincoln and Nottingham.

Cap. 14. For allowing the importation of goods from Europe in neutral ships into the islands of Saint Ghrijlopher, Nevis, Mcntferrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines; and of goods the produce or manufacture of the said islands and of Tobago and Saint Lucia from thence into this kingdom, in such ships, upon payment of the British plantation duties, for a limited time; for permitting certain goods, the produce of those islands, secured in warehouses in this kingdom, to he taken out, on payment of the British plantation duties, and to cancel certain bonds entered into for payment of the duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary acts for the encouragement of trade; and to repeal an act, made in*the twenty second year of his majesty's reign, for allowing the importation of goods the growth of Saint Christopher, .jn£vjs, and Montferrar, : into any of his Ittajejlys dominions in Europe r America.

1 > r, e cap.^ij.

A tafcle of the STATUTES.

Cap. 15, For rendering more effectual the provisions con tiined in an at of the thirteenth year of King George the First t preventing frauds and abuses in 'the dying trade.

Cap. 16. for authorising the treasurer of he ndvy td pay to kegarrifon and naval department at Gibraltar, the like bounty

defraying certain Spanish ships of war, as is allowed td: i officers and men on board any of his majesty's ships t war taking or destroying ships of war belonging to the nemy.

Cap. if. For pcmubing mutiny and desertion; and for the etter payment of she army and their quarters.

Cap. 18. For rendering the payment of creditors more equal ad expeditious, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and or making perpetual so much of an act, made in the twelfth ear of his present majesty's reign, as relates to bills and pro Biffory notes.

Cap. 19. For repealing an act, made irt the last feflioft of parlament, for compelling John ivhitehilleiquire to return into this ingdwn, and for other purposes; and for veftitig in the said Ms ivtitebtil his estate and effects forfeited in consequence of He hid aft; and for restraining him from going out of this mgdom for a limited time; and for discovering his estate and ffeds, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same. Cap. 26. For building a new hire nail and guildhall for thd santy of Salop, and the town of Sbrowfhtry, in the said county } iod for the other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 2r. For granting a bounty upon the exportation ot bitijb and Irish buckrams and tillettings, Briujb and Irish liens, British calicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen; printed, painted, stained or dyed, in Great Britain.

Cap. 2a. For allowing further time for inroilment of deed nd wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant pur halers

Cap. 23. To prevent prisoners in the King's Bench prison, oath rales thereof, or their families or servants, gaining settle rats in the parirti of Saint George the Martyr, in the borough

&artbwarki ind county of Surrey; and for the relief of the lidparish, with respect to the families of prisoners in the said[: [: Bench, or the Marshalsea prison, or in the county goal rboafe of cofre&ion belonging to the said county; for plating the manner of chufingoverfeers of the poor $ and

appointing collectors of the poor's rates, within the said arish.

Cap. 24* for continuing an act, made in this session of parent, intituled, An act for punishing mutiny and defertioh, and V the better payment of the army and their quarters: so far as the mt relates to the realm of Great Britain.

Cap. 25. To enable the corporation of the governor, bailiffs rd commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great itwlof ihe fens, to sell their taxes of certain lands within thi addle and Couth levels, part of the said Great Uvel, which a a have

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

have been or may be dug for turf; and to apply the money arising from such sale, towards discharging the bond debts of tfr said corporation upon account of those levels.

Cap. 26. To repeal so much of two alts, made in the six teenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present, Majesty as prohibits trade and intercourse with the united dates d America.

Cap. 27. To ascertain and establish the boundaries of between the hospital of Bridewell and the Precinct thereunto bd longing, and the parish of Saint Ann Black Friars, in the city^London, as therein specified.

Cap. 28. Sat removing and preventing all doubts whi< have arisen, or might arise, concerning the exclusive rights the parliament and courts of Ireland, in matters of legiflati< and judicature; and for preventing any writ of error or app from any of his majesty's courts in that kingdom from beinj received, heard, and aajudged, in any of his majesty's courts a the kingdom of Great Britain.

Cap. 29. For rendering effectual an act, made in the fid teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the belli relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Foreboe, i the county 0/* Norfolk. I

, Cap. 30. To indemnify such persons as have omitted 1 quality themselves for offices and employments; and to indeco. nify justices of the pe^ce, or others, who have omitted to rc gister or deliver in their qualifications within the time limit by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and [ indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, ar borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to damped according to law, or, having been damped, have lost or mistaid; and for allowing them time to provide a millions duly damped; and to give further time to such fons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the executid of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

Cap. 31. For better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watcl ing, the streets, lanes, yards, courts, alleys', and pafiages, with the parish of Saint Alary, at Rotberhitbe otherwise Redriffe, the county of Surrey, and for removing and preventing nuifal ces and annoyances therein.

Cap. 32. For amending an act made in the last session | for the better relief and employment of the poor oft parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlefei and for providing a proper workhcufe and burial ground for the 1 of, the said parish; and for opening certain communications, a making certain streets, within the said parish. j

Cap. 33. To amend and render more effectual several a passed in the sixth, tenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth years of t reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable canal in the Trent to the Mersey 5 and a branch from the aid canal to Fro] hall, and a railway Jrotn thence to or near Caldon, in the couti of Stafford.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 34. For removing certain disabilities and incapacities, occasioned by the attainder of David Ogilvy of Airly esquire.

Cap. 35. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

Cap. 36. To discharge and indemnify the united company if merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from act btnages, interest, and Losses, in respea to their not making re plar payment of certain sums due, and to become due, to the nbiick, and to allow further time for such payment; and to ruble the company to borrow a certain sum of money; and 0 make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the providers at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty bree.

Cap. 37. To repeal an act, made in the twentieth year of he reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to continue, for \ limited Time, Jo much of an act, made in the last session of par ment, ufor tbt more easy and better recruiting his Majestfs*lend forces and marinesas relates to the encouragement of volun ten.

Cap. 38. For making and maintaining a navigable canal rom the river Thames or Ifss at or near Leachlade, to join and sommunicate with the Stroudwater canal at Wallbrtdge, near the own of Stroud; and also a collateral cut from the said canal at r near Siddington, to or near the town of Cirencester, in the ttmties of gkucejur and Wilts.

Cap. 39. For preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America; m.d.. to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers fcr the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fub itdsofhis majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the said United states.

Cap. 40. For defraying the charge of the pay of the militia, ind of the doathing for the sergeants and drummers of the mi btia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of m^trcb, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 41. For impowering persons navigating vessels upon the river Trent, between a place called Widen Ferry, in the counties if Derby and Leicefer, or one of them, and the town of Burton yen Trent, in the county of Stafford, to hale the same with Wes.

Cap. 42. For better paving, cleansing and lighting the parish tf Soint Paul Covent Garden, within the liberty of Westminster, 2nd certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuisances ana annoyances therein. rw

Cap. 43. For better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the parish of Saint Anne, and such part of Cock Lane as lies in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberty of West mtfer, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

ap. 44. For amending, and rendering more effectual, an at

a $ k xnado

A TABLE OF the STATUTES.

pnade in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for building a workbouse, and'for the better rely) find employment of the poor within the parish of Saint James clerk enwell in the county fl/'middlesex.

Cap. 45..for regulating the proceedings of the court of justiciary, and circuit courts, in Scotland.

Cap. 46. For widening the northwest end of Fenchurchfrut, and the south end of the Old Jewry, within the city of London.

Cap. 47. For altering and varying the powers of an a, passed in the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, for making the river Douglas alias Astand, navigable % from /aj

rive Ribble to Wigan, in the county of Palatine^Lane after; and for enabling the company of proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool canal, incorporated by an passed in the tenth year ol his present majesty's reign, to purchase the said river navigation; for amending the said last mentioned al; for incorporating and consolidating the said two navigations; and for othec purposes' '

Cap. 48. For improving the navigation of the river Trent from a place called ivilden Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the coohty o Lincoln; and for impowering persons navigating vessels thexeoq to hale the same with horse.

Cap. 49. For repealing an a, made in the twenty second year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for charging a f amp duty'upon inland bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other poles, payable otherwise than upon demand \ and for granting new stamp duties on bills of exchange, promissory and otb^r notesj and also lamp duties on receipts.

Cap. 50. For the better regulation of the office of the paymaster general of his majesty's foroes, and the more regular payment of the army; and to repeal an act made in the ia(t feuion of parliament, intituled, An act for the better regulation oj\ the office of paymafler general of his Majesfs forces.

' Cap. 51. To repeal an at, made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for further puniftmmt oj Vagabonds calling themselves Egyptians.

Cap. 52. For pvmilhing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, within the realm of Great Britain,

Cap. 53. To enable the commissioners of supply of the several counties therein mentioned, in that part of Great Britain passed Scotland, to assess and levy certain sums for relieving such of the inhabitants of the said counties as have been reduced to indigence by the failure of the last year's crop of corn; and to enable his Majesty, during the next recess of parliament, by and yvith the advice of his privy council, to permit the importation of corn into the said counties for a limited time, and in ships or vessels belonging to any state in amity with his Majesty, navigated by foreign seamen'

'54, . For providing a proper workhouse, within the

parish

f

A

TABLE

of the

STATUTE!

parirti of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, and for better regulating the poor within the said parish.

Cap., 55, For building a new goal for the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull \ for purchasing an additional banal ground for the use of the parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said town; for regulating the fares of hackney coachmen, chairmen, andporrers, and the prices of carriage of goods; for altering the time of lighting lamps; for ascertaining the breadth of parry wall's; and for preventing certain nuisances within the fain town, liberties, and precincts thereof; for amending an act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his pre fern Majesty, for making and eflablijbing public quays or wharves at Kingston upon Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built opposite to certain ftaiths in the said act described; and for other purposes.

Cap. 56. To allow the drawback of the whole duty of coftoms upon the exportation of rice.

Cap. 53. For the say df prize goods secured in warehouses in this kingdbm, for which the duties re not paid, or the goods exported, within a limited time.

Cap. 58: For granting to his Majesty several additional and new duties upon stamped vellum, parchmenr, and paper; and also for repealing certain exemptions from the stamp dufies* '

Cap. 59. To provide that the proceedings on the bill, now depending in parliament, for inflicting certain pains and penalties to sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring esquire, for certain breaches of public trujl, and high crimes and misdemeanours committed by them xuhilfl they respectively held the offices of governor and presidenty counsellors, and members of the feh ft committee of the settlement of Yon Saint George, on the coajl Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any prorogation or difiblution of parliament.

Cap. 60. For further continuing To much of an at, passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for refraining sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring esquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for diferoering their estates and efsect, presenting the transporting or alienating the same, as relates to restraining the said sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Pettr Perring esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real estates.

Cap. 61. For vesting in Henry earl of Pembroke, his heirs and assigns, for ever, the ree simple and inheritance of the hundred of Kynwardjlon, and certain lands aryl hereditaments in the parishes of Great Bedwyn and Burbagey in the county of Wilts; and for settling other lands and hereditaments in lieu thereof to the same uses.

Cap. 62. For granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on licences to be taken out by certain persons uttering or vending medicines; and certain stamp duties on all medicines sold under

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

such licences, or under the authority of his majesty's letters patent.

Cap. 63. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon stage coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned.

Cap. 64. For taking away from the commissioners of excise | England and Scotland, the power of compounding with persons making malt not to sell, but to be consumed in their own .< private families.

Cap. 65 For repealing an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repoaling the act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, can act for vtjling 4< the sort of Senegal, and its dependencies, in the company of mtr c chants trading to Africa; " and to veji as well the said fort and 1 its dependencies, as ail other the British forts and settlements upon the coajl of Africa, lying between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the property, ejlate, and effects of the company of merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said forts, settlements, and their dependencies, in his Majesty; and for Jeeuring, extending, and improving the trade to Africa; and for vesting fames Sort, in the river Gambia, and its dependencies, and all j other the British forts and settlements between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the company of merchants trading to Africa, and for securing and regulating the trade to Africa.

Cap. 66. For granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon wagons, wains, carts, and other such carriages, not charged with any duty under the management of the commiflt oners of excise.

Cap. 67. For granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on the registry of burials, marriages, births, and christenings.

Cap. 68. For appointing and enabling commissioners further to examine, take, and ftatc the public accounts of the kingdom.

Cap. 69. To enable the adjutant general of his Majesty foroes, and the comptrollers of army accounts, to send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage.

Cap. 70. For the more effectual preventing the illegal importation of foreign spirits, and for putting a stop to the private distillation of British made spirituous liquors; for explaining such part of the act, imposing a duty upon male servants, as relates to the right of appeal from the justices of the peace; to amend and rectify a mistake in an act of the last session of parliament, with reipedf to the removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious actions against officers of excise acting in pursuance of the authority given by excise statutes.

Cap. 71. For making compensation to the proprietors of cer r tain messuages, isnds, tenements, and hereditaments, in pursuance of an act made in the last session of parliament, to veji certain mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his Majesfs docks, hips, and floret, at Portsmouth and Chatham,

u Cap. ju

ATABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 72. For raising a further fuqa of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Cap. 73. For the more easy and speedy recovery of ftnall debts within the town and liberties of Sbrewsbury> in the county of Salop.

Cap. 74. For altering the duties and drawbacks upon plain muhins, unrated muslins and calicoes, and nanquin clothes.

Cap. 75. For repealing to much of an act made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, as took off the duties payable upon the importation of that tpecies of blue called Smahs 1 and for granting relief to the owners or proprietors of tobacco, of the growth of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, Which shall not be worth the duties imposed thpeon by an act of the last session of parliament.

Cap. 70. For the better preventing frauds in the landing and removing of wines in this kingdom; and to prevent the relanding of refined sugar entered for exportation, to obtain the drawback or bounty.,

Cap. 77. For the more effectual encouragement of the ma nufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain.

Cap. 78. For granting to his Majesty a certain urn of money put of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three 5 apd for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 79. For the further encouraging the growth of coffee and coconuts in his majeso's wands and plantations in America.

Cap. 80. For appointing com misti oners to inquire into the losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties and prosessions, during the late unhappy dif* feqtions ip America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

Cap. 81. For preventing the exportation of corn, grain, or meal, with a bounty, during the operation of two as, palfe4 in this present session of parliament, for allowing the importation of com.

Cap. 82. For establishing certain regulations in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer.

Cap. 83. For granting relief to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by allowing further time for the payment of certain sums due, and to become due to the public, and by advancing to the said company, oq the terms therein mentioned, a certain sum of money to bo raised by loans or exchequer bills; and to enable the said, company to make a dividend of four pounds per centum; to the proprietors at Christmasy one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and to regulate the future payment of debentures of drawbacks on Ban India goods,

'*Cap. 84*

A TAB Lfe of the STATUTES'.

'To enable his Majesty to raise a further sum of money

by ioaiu or mrehequer bi11s, to pay off and discharge the debts due and owing on the civil list.

J cp ifor fttding and securing a certain annuity for the ttb of the sight honourable sir George Augustus Eliott, knight of the most honourable order of the Bath, in consideratttm of the cfrlfacittdbrvicea performed by hitn to his Majesty and this country.

Cap. 86. For settling and securing a .certain annuity on Qoorjge lord Rodney, and the two next persons to whomr the barony of Rodney shall defeend, in confidsratibn of the eminent ferviets performed by the said Goorge lord Rodney to his Majesty and the puwick. -?

Cap. 87. For vetting certain mdffuages, lands, tenements, and, hereditaments, in trustees, for the Anther securing his ma }efty^8 docks, ftiips, and stores, at Portsmouth; J arfd for the more safe and convenient carrying 6n of his majesty's gunpowder werks and mills, near the towft tsf'pathe/bam*

Cap. 88. To extend the provisions of an act, (intituled, An act t amend and make more effectuatftt'hws refating to rogztes, vagabonds, and other idle and Aifbrderfy persons, and to houses of tornftibny to certain cases not therein mentioned.

Cap.: For better paving, deanfin£r and fighting, the parish of Satnt chmentddnes, in the county ofafiddlesex, and certain pfaees adjoining thereto; and for retpoving and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein. 1

Cap. 90. For better paving, cfeanfmg, and lighting, the parish 44 Saint Martin in the Fields, \m|bm the liberty df'w'tfbninjtcr, and certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 91. For paving and regulating Church lane, in and near the parities of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and Saint Goorge in the comty of Miidksex; and several other streets, avenues, and places, within the fartse parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and preventing annoyance therein; and for enabling the inhabitants of the fefd pariffr of Saint Mary Whitechapel, to raise money to defray the expenses incurred m repairing the parish church.

Cap. 92. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from a place near Rider's Green, in the county of Stafford, td Broadwater fivoerigine, and six collateral cuts from the same, to several Was mines? anttaifo a navigable canal from or near the ttfwn of Birmingham to joftv the Coventry canal at or near Faze. tef, in the parnh of Tamworth, in the said county of Stafford, with a cdllateraf cut to the tower part of the said town of bir mingbam.

cap.4j9 J. t<r enlarge the term and powers of an act, parted fntbrfeeond year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening; altering, 'and keeping hr repair, the road from the south end of Spatyows Herne on Buftiy Heath, through the market

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

towns of "Watford, Berkhampsted, Saint peter's, and Tring, in the county of Hertford, by Petti pher'sekos, to tbs turnpike road at Walton, near Aylelbury, in the county of Bucks.

Cap. 94. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of several acts of parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibfey, to Halifax, and also the roads called Bowling lane and Little Horton lane, in the west riding of the county of York. .1

Cap 95. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, made in the fourteenth and twenty sixth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the south side of Tadcaster Cross; also from Ferrybridge to Wctherby, 'and from theme to Boroughbridge, fa the county of York j so far as the same relate to the road between Ferrybridge and fvetberby, and from thence to borough bridge.

Cap. 96. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed inthefirst year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An affor repairing and widening the roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a sir earn of water called Ford, to Cartgate in Martock, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 97. For continuing and amending two acts, of the ninth and twenty seventh years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Saint dunftan's Cross, near the city Canterbury, to the water fifie at Whitstable, in the county of

Cap. 98. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act o? the feeond year of his present ma jpfry, for amending, widening, and beeping in repair, several roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Cross Houses, Glazeley, and tie turnpike gate on Abberiey Hill, in the counties of Salop gad W orcester.

Cap. 99. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made

in the feeond year of his present Majesty reign, for repairing, Widening) and altering the road from Sandon, in the county of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in. the county a/chester; and from Hilr derftone to Draycott in the Moors ani from Wctley Rocks to Tean, in the said county of Stafford \

100. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of the third year of his present ma jcfty, r repairing the roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading and from the )aid bridge to Henley Bridge, in the county of Berk

Cap. 101. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers of ao ad, made in the third year of the reign of his prefect majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Lawton, in the corny of Chester, to Burflem and Newcastle. under Lime, in, the founty of Stafford, and other roods, therein mentioned.

tot. for enlarging the term and powers of ao a au4e

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for makings widening, and repairing a road from the north eoft side of the Gofwell Street Road next Islington, in the county of Middlesex, and near to the road called The New Road over the field and grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite to The Doghouse Bar, and at and from The Doghouse Bar to the end of Chifwcll street, by The Artillery Ground.

Cap. 103. For repairing and widening the roads leading from Wetberby to Knarefhorough, in the county of York.

Cap. 104. For amending and widening the road from the passage or ferry over the river Severn ?t Newnham, in the county of Gloucester, through the parishes of Newnham and Little Dean, to a place called Saint White's, adjoining his majesty's forest of Dean, in the said county.

Cap. 105. For continuing and amending an act of the third year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Stafford to Sandop, in the county of Stafford, and several other roads in the counties of Salop and Stafford:

Cap. 106. For completing and keeping in repair the road* from the Rartt inn, in the town of Cirencester, in the county of Glaucester, through the town of Tilbury, to Oldfield, otherwise Woefield Comer, near the sixteenth mile (tone in the Bath road, and a road from thence through the parishes of Cold ajhton and Szaanfwick, to or near Lambridgt in the parish of Bath Easton, near the city of Bath; and for continuing the present road from the fam corner to orjiear the monument upon Lanfdown, until the intended road from the said corner to or near Lambridge be made fit for travelling..

Cap. 107. To revive and render more effectual an ak passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Markfield Turnpike, in the county v/'leicester, over Charley otherwise Chamwood Forest, through the town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the road leading from the town of Loughborough, to the town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said county, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a place called Snape Gate.

Cap. 108. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled, An ft for widening, repairing, and amending the road from Helket, by Yewes Bridge, to cocker mouth 5 and from thence, why Lor tonne, over Whinlatter, to kef wick, in the county {/'cumberland*and from Keswick, by dum mail Rays and Amblefide, to Kirby in Kendall, in the county of Westmoreland; and from plumbgarth's Cross, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the lake called Windermere, in the county of Westmoreland; and from Keswick aforesaid, to the town of Penrith, in the county ^/'cumberland.

Cap. 109. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, paffi* ed in the second year of his present majesty's reign, for altering, widening, and amending the road from tot north gate of the city of

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Winchester, ever Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and aether places, to Newtown River; and also the road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the prefint turn pike road at Andover, in the cqunty of Southampton.

Cap. no. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the seventh year of King George the First, and the eighth year of King George the Second, for repairing the read from Saint giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road; and also of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of King George the Second, to enable the respective trustees of the turnpike roads leading to Highgate Gate House and hampstead, and from Saint giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new road from the great northern road at Ifiington to the Edgeware road near Paddington; so far as the same is by the said act directed to be under the management of the trustees of the said two first mentioned acts.

'Cap. in. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts made in the second and twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the highways between Sheppards Shord and Horflcy Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the county of Wilts, and other ruinous parts of the highways thereunto adjacent.

PRIVATE ACTS.

I. A N act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, waste, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Turvey, in the county of Bedford

2. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields within though township of Barnard Castle, in the county of Durham.

3. An act for indofihg Dunnington Heathy within the manor of Priors Salford) in the county of Warwick.

4. An act for dividing and enclosing several open fields, and a parcel of meadow ground, within the township of North Deighton, in the county of York.

5. An act for dividing and allotting in several ty the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common pastures, and commonable places, within the parish of Heytesbury, in the county of Wilts.

6. An act for naturalising John Daniel Frederick Ruete.

7. An act for naturalising David Emanuel Fafnackt.

5. An act for naturalising Ephraim Rinhold Seehl.

9.An act for naturalising Stephen Gideon Renaud and John Francis Daniel Renaud.

10. An act to amend an act, pafiedjn the twenty second year of his present majesty's reign, intituled, An q for enclosing and leasing a piece of wajle land called The Marsh, within the partjb and borough Newcastle under Lime, in the. county of Stafford;

and

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

applying tie profits thereof in aid of the poor's rates of the sail ptrtfb and borough..

11. An act for naturalising David Piffard.

12. An act. for veiling the manor, or reputed manor, of vint tiers otherwise Winters, the mansion hptrfe, and certain lands and hereditaments, in the county r Kenty being part of the settled estates of the right honourable Robert lord Onglty, of the kingdom of Ireland, in trudees, to be sold { and for laying out the moneys anting by such sale in the purchase of other messuages, lands, and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the like tries.

13. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of

several pieces or paroels of land m or near the parish of peter flamy formerly part of the park there, called Richmond Park, or New pariyaa the county of to Thomas Pitt esquire, and

, his heirs, for a full and valuable consideration.

14. An act for enabling William Pulteney efiquirc, to grant leases of certain estates in the county of middle)ex and city of London..

15. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and commonable lands, within the manor and township of Stanfordy in the county of Berks.

16. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the several town fields, commons, moors, and waste grounds, and dinted land, within the manors of Henjbaiv and Melkeridgey in the parish of haltwbijlkj in the county of Northumberland.

17. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common

fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in Roofs in Holdemefsy in the ead riding of the county of York. '

18. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and commonable places, in the parish of Burton haflnigsy in the county of Warwick.

19. An act for dividing, enclosing, and improving a certain common, or waste ground, within the parlfhof Staunton upon Wyty in the county of Herefordy and for extinguishing the right of common upon certain mclofed lands within the said parish.

20. An act to diflblvc the marriage of John williamsy of the

city of Exetery gentleman, with Elizabeth his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein men«i tioned. '

21. An act to enable Richard Newman Harding esquire, 2nd his did and other Tonnes, and the heirs male of their bodies, to take, use, and bear the surname and arms of Newmany pursuant to the will of Richard Newman esquire, deceased.

22. An act to diflolv^ the marriage of John Hankcy esquire, with Elizabeth Thomfony his now wife, and to enable bhn to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned

23. An act For naturalising John Urban Reybaz and Alexander Aubert.

24. An act for naturalising John James Tourneifen.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

25. An aififof dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable land, within the parish of chur4b, jufiri, in die eotinty of

26. An 2d to enable John tfrowne esquire, and Jris issue male,

to take and use the surname of Selby, p^ffuanf, to the will of William Silty esquire deceased

27. An act for naturalising christum Henrich Rusher.

28. An act for iotpowering Nigel Bowyer Grejley esquire, td lease part of his settled ettiues in Staffordjbirt, pursuant to aa agreement entered into with George Parker, and others, iron matters; and also to grant leases of lands and mines within the same ettates.

30. An act to enable Charles duke of Norfolk, and others, to grant building or repairing leases of certain tenements, houses and grounds, in the parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the county of Middlesex, and in or near the town of afun4a, in the county of Suffix.

30. An act for carrying into execution an agreement between the dean and chapter of Saint paufs, London, and the college o doctors of law exercent in the ecclesiastical and admiralty courts, for vetting certain tenements in the city of London called Debtors Commons, held by the said college under the said dean and chapter by leases for years in'the said college in see Ample, and retrying thereout a certain yearly rent to the said cfean and chapter, and their successors, for ever.

31. An act to enable sir William Abiy baronet, to grant leases of his ettate at Horsey Down, in the county of Surrey.

32. An act for vetting such parts of the real ettates of Jamts Templer esquire, deceased, as lie in the counties of Hants, svius, and Dorset, in truttees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the uses and for the purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for vetting part of the settled ettates of John Luther esquire, in the county of Southampton, in the said John Luther in fee simple, and for settling an eftxte, of greater value in lieu thereof.

34. An act to vest in truttees, and their heirs certain ettates of John Hanbury Williams esquire, situate in the county of Monmouth, in order to be sold, and the purchase money applied upon the trutts and for the purposes in the said act mentioned.

35. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields in the manor and parish of Kingfombourn, in the county of Southampton.

36. An act for dividing and allotting the open common fields, common meadows, open common downs, watte lands, and commonable places, within the several parishes of Odfiock, ho mingten, West Harnham, and Netherhampton, and certain open lands lying at the east end of the said parish of Homington, in the county of Wilts.

37. An act for dividing and enclosing several open, common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons and

watte

A tafcle df the STATUTES.'

taftc grounds, within the manor and parish of Boilftoniy in the Couhty of Derby.

38. An act.alt for the better ordering and regulating the manner of feeding; using, cultivating, and enjoying several commonable and waste grounds, lying in Chatteris* in the isle of Ely in the county of Cambridge, and for obliging the occupiers of certain parts of the fat'd grounds to fence the same.

39. An a H to establish an agreement for extinguishing the nght of common upon certain waste grounds, and for enfran chifing certain customary estates, within the manor of Jobnby* in the county of Cumberland.

40. An act to diftolve the marriage of Andrew Bdyntun esquire, with lady Maria Coventry, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

41. An act for naturalising lfaat Lewis miol

42. An act for naturalising Margaretta Phillipina Wale and Mary Pemberton.

43. An act for confirming, establishing, and making effectual, the enclosure of the open and common fields, commonable land, cow pasture, heath, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Hartwell in the county of Oxford.

44. An act to effeltuate a partition or division of certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Wilts, heretofore the estates of Jonathan Power esquire, deceased.

X The End of the TABLE.

A

TABLE

O F T H E

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno vicefmo quarto

G E O R G I I III Regis.

Being the Fourth Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

P U B L IC RACTS,

Cap. 1. TOR continuing and granting to his Majesty certain It duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fenrice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty four.

Cap. 2. To continue, for a limited time, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for preventing certain inftnements from being required from kips belonging to the

United States of America; and to give to his, far a limited

time, certain powers for the better tarrying on trade and tommerte between the fitbielts of his Majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of she find United States.

Cap. 3. To continue so much of an act made in the last session of parliament, as allows further time for the payment of certain (urns due, and to become due to the public, from the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tar, to be ratfed in Great Britain, for the service of th, e year one thou hnd fcnen hundred and eighty-four.

Cap. 5. To enable the company of proprietors of the Bor?. towfownnefs navigable cut or canal, more effectually o com^and maintain the same.

Cap. 6. For establiftiing certain regulations concerning th portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the port be*Great Britain and Ireland..

Cap. 7. To explain and arrfetid an act, taiade in v&e last fef , lion of pwrfiament, intituled, An act for Repealing aitaft9 made \ in the twenty second year of his present Mojefiy* intituled, ic An act.

i for charging a stamp duly upon inland bills of exchange, promis €< fory notes, or other notes payable otherwise than upon demand and for granting new lamp duties on bills of exchange prorniffory atti bther hetes; and also jlairdp duties on receipts; and for indemnifying all persons who have written or ligned any bill of exchange, promrffory or other note, or any receipt, net stumped according to law.

Cap. 8. For the more easy and speedy recovery of fmau debts within the town and port of Davor, and the parishes of, Charlton, Bucklandy River, Ewell, Lydden9 Coldred9 East Lang don ivejl Langdony Ringwonldy Saint Margaret's At Cliffy ivbit t field otherwise Behusfieldy Gufony Hougbafn otherwise nufsham* Cqple le Fern and Alkham9 and also the liberty of Davor Cajtle* in the county of Kent..^\,

Cap. 9. t6 enlarge the powers of an act made in the their tieth year of the reign of his fate majesty King George the Southeast; intituled, An act for draining and prcjerv'wg certain marsh and fen lands and low grounds, in the pari]) of Wiggenhall sair?t Mary Magdalen, in the county Norfolk,

10. For appointing commissioners to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his by a land tax. to be raised in: Great Bri

for the service of the year one thousand Jtven hundred and, eighty-four \ together with those named in two farmer acts for Appointing iommissioners of the land tax, and with, those named in an act of thfe last session of parliament intitrilqdt. 'so oft far. granting an aid to his majesty by a land tax, to be r#ifed in Grejtffc Britain, for the service. oftlje year on thousand Jtven, bundled and tighty three.

Cap. 11. For poniflung mutiny and desertion and for At better payment of the army afnd their quarters.

Cap. 12. To authorise the removal of prisoners incertai* cases; and to amend the laws respecting the transporcation of offenders..?,

Cap. 13. For defraying the charge of thetnukia in that pare of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning tilt twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred; anit eighty-four; and for lessening the number of deputy lieutenant and justices of the peace to act in the execution of the laws relating to the militia.

Cap. 14. To continue the provisions of an act of the twenty-third of his present Majesty, for granting a bounty upon the

porta idem

A tabth'statutes.

butiratns tillettings, British akd

Iritri'linens', firitim collides and cottons, or aeon on mixed with

(rutted, paintedsfished, or dyed in Great Britain, for a LI

>'*$. further tfontlnuing, for a limited time, an act jmfk ip tfa*, Jaft fpfliou of pwliarfient, intituled, An act for vtkrpig ctrfein injlruriients ftom being required belonging

te [be United States c/americ* j and to give to his for a

hotted lime, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and ciwkerce betweeh the subjelisof his dominions, and the

Jubitjnti if the said United States.

xsipi'ib. For allowing further time for inrollmenr of deed) anis made by Papists, and for relief of Protestant purchasers.

Cap. 17. For the regulation of his majesty's marine force while on (here.

Cap. 48. For regulating, and rendering more effectual, the ex&hqti of the statute work within the shire of and

foteu^pnirifing the trqftees for putting in execution fevejal aids for repairing the high roads in the county of, to borrow,

upon the credit of tyre tolls anting within the district f Leftoadt, a further sum of money, to be applied for payment of certain (Vims borrowed on the personal security of the said trsfttfi; and fgt further repairing the roads within the said dionft.

Cap. 1/9. Fbr settling the rates for the carriage of passenger wd good for hire to and from the isle Cap. 20. For tyre appointment of an additional ovprseer, for the better government of die poor of the' parish of in

(heeobatyof Wilts.

cp. 2t. Fhr building a bridge over the river at*bovtn, 'in the county of sujjex.

Cap. TL. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, parted inthefoufth .year of the reign of his present Majesty, for potr'mgind warningtbe road from Shillingford, in the of Okfbftf, tbreurb Wallingford and Pattgborne, to Reacting, in ibrnoentfof Berks; and for building a bridge ever the riier Thames, f Uor near Shillingford Ferry.

To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an ft made in lire third year of the reign of his present ma k*n intituled, Ats ail for repairing, widening, and keeping in upees, the road front Kirkby Kendall, the county of Well in or u»d( to Kirkby Jfftleth, in the county of Lancaster.

Cap. 24. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, Jbtde itb the fourth yew of the reign of his present Majesty, for gtpririttg arid widening the road from br&mcote Odd Houfo, in jit county ^nottfoghakn, toth?cross Port upon Smalley cotu axw, in tvriounty i^oerby j and from Ilkefton to the towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said county of Derby j and from Trowel if the county of Nottingham, to the town of Nottingham;

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

except so far as relates to the road leading ftottuff to the town of

Cap. 25. For enlarging the term and Powers of an act of the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage,^ by cory's Mill to Hitchin, and from Welwyn, through Codicar,to Hitchin, in the county Hertford »

Cap. 26. For enlarging the term and powers of an act. passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty

- repairing and widening the roads from tbo south end of Newton Abbott to the pajjagt way in Kingswear, opposite Clifton Ehrt

; mouth Hardnefc; and from the end of a lane leading put of tbo turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards Abbott's Kerswell, to Five Lanes 5 and from langver's Barn to the said turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton Warborough to monk's Bridge and Brixham Quay 5

- add from langver's Barn to the north end ^paington Town, all > in tie county of Devon.

Cap. 27. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the second year of the rejgn of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening tin road from the Loftwithiel turnpilfftkndy in the parish Creed, in the county of Cornwall, throng) trc gony, to Ruan Lanehorne; and from Dennis Water no three i hundred yards on the south side of Trethitn Mill in the parish of Saint Justin the said county.

: ^Cap. 28. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from catihe Street, at the end of the town Hinckley, to Lutterworth town's End; and from or near the guide post at Walcot thwn veod, in the county of Leicester, to the eighty mile fione in wembrd Field, in the county Northampton.

Cap. 29. For continuing the term and powers of two acts, made in the sixteenth ana twenty second years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for ropairing the highroad from Boroughbridge, in the county of York, to cathe rick, in the same county \ and from thence to piefs bridge, on^tht river Tees. r.

Cap. 30. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the second year of his present majesty's reign; intituled, An act for amending and widening the road from the turnpike read at or near the town of Swindon, to the north end or side of tbo totvrkvf Marlborough; and from the said town of Marlborough nth village ^/everlcy, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 31. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of the third year of the ftign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping m ropair, several roads leading from the town of Barnstaple, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 32. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of e an

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

sto'ssp, 1 ytrar of the reign of his present Ma

icfty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from Colhahf, 9h ibe cwfhfy 'of Southampton, to that city of Chichelter.

*' €fcf}£7. 'for'ootihnitfng the term and powers of an act, ifofafn+he tfilrd of the reign of his present Mejcfty, for'road firm the fourteen mile font in the partjb of

Mothvey, to Tavern Spite, in the county of Carmarthen; and fa iipamng, 3 ^httending, 'arid keeping in repair, several other frefold county.

'Sp. wtortontlnftlhg and amending an zst of the fourth JW of ms present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads jmf. spaldtng sigh Bridge, to the market place in Donington; pfel fnp.fbe tenth mile ft one in the parish of Golbertown, to the Jfone in the parish of Wigtoft, in the county Lincoln,

f f; ij^ fll/; ,..

' " PRIVATE ACTS.

*- US'

uyl N act for naturalising John Christian Splitgerber and Southeast £\ia/hau Fridag.

L Aitaft for naturalising Michael Peter Touray

3^ an.act for dividing and inclosing several commons and waste grounds, within the parish of Morley in the county of Derip;

4* An to enable the honourable Richard lum!ey> and his heirs male, to take and use the surname and arms of Savile, pursuant to she will of sir George Savile baronet, deceased.

so diftolve the marriage of Walter Nijbet esquire, with three bomberg> his now wife, and to enable him to many again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6i An act for naturalising Augustus Everard Brande.

7. An act for naturalising Detlev Bonaventura Eicke and John Henry Httker*

gjan act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of a'cemip piece or parcel of land, in or near the parish of peur jbam, formerly part of the park there called Richmond Park, or idkw/parjtt in the county of Surrey, to Caroline baroness of Crrmtmhy and her heirs, for a full and valuable consideration. ^anaft for veiling part of the estates of Charles late duke bdteuy tjeceased, deviled and settled by his will, in trustees, discharged of the uses and limitations limited, created, and expressed in the said will, for the purpose of more effectually car*fjfag into execution a decree and certain orders of the high tdovtofjdianjcery for sale of the same estate, and for other pur petes therein, (petitioned.

I, an actor, establishftig and confirming an agreement made between the lord bishop of Norwich arid Jacob Prefon sfyuis* foe the .exchange of certain estates in the county of Norfolk. -7'*. '

11. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

n. An a to enable fptjuam Haa dquirc, and

Waltor Hunt Grubb gentleman, and, after their fev*r*lde»*tis, the guardians of their refpcdive issue, to make, loafer, of theijr settled cftstes in the county of Wi and in the city of Brfflnl.

12. An act for dividing and indoing a certain raoor, or data

in oh, within the manor of Lay burn, and parish of in

the north riding of the county of York.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing the common Selds,

common downs, common woods, wafie lands, and oshet commonable places in the parish of in the county of

Southampton.

14. An act to enable David Edward Ltints pfquirp, to take,

use, and bear, the furoame and arms of Lhyd, purfuaat to 'the will of Rictard Lloyd, late of fvente in the county of

Cardigan, esquire, deceased.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

PUBLICS and PRIVATE - Anno vice/itno quarto

GEORGII III Regis.

Being the First Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. I. F0R further continuing, for a limited time 0ftask X made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for preventing certain ifi/lru* ments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States cf America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the betur carrying on trade and commerce between the fub jetts of his Mojcflys dominions and the inhabitants of the said States.

Cap. 2. To empower the eqfl-india compatly to malcd a dividend to the proprietors of East-india flock, a Midfumrner, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four. 1

Cap. 3. For more effectually preventing frfcrods afid abtifes committed by persons employee i the mamrfaflurts of eotntv ing woo!, worried yarn, and goods made front worsted m^he county of Suffolk.

Cap. 4. For incorporating the company of proprietors of a canal navigation a uihori fed by an al, passed in the eighth year of

t^irmle ofihe STATUTES.

of rtht ptfenvsf his prefenr majesty King George the Third, to. be made from bimfogb&nxo bil/tone and Autherlej, with the oftxtfkaayrof proprietors of a canal navigation authorised by aa a, passed in the twenty thhd vear of the reign of his present Majesty, torfeeioisde from Birmingham to Faztky \ and for con fptidattog thtin(hates; and amending the said last mention ed ad.

"Capr^ For enlarging the market place, and regulating the market within the town of Sheffield, in the west riding of the epuruy of yprk $ and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious several streets adjoining or leading into the said market place; and for taking down the present (laughter houses within ithc find town, and erecting others in a more proper filiation.

Cap. 6. To enable such officers, mariners, and soldiers, as have been in the land or sea service, or in the marines, or in the milkia, or any corps of fencible men, since the second year of his present majesty's reign, to exercise trades.

Cap. 7. For explaining certain acts of the parliament of scot concerning manufactories j and for extinguishing the claims nme by the proprietors of the two manufadories, called The rope and soap manufa&eriesofglafgov), to certain exemptions from custom* and duties, and for making compehfarion in lieu thereof.

Cap. 8. For eftabiiihing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the post between Great Britain and Ireland

Cap. 9. To authorise the commissioners of the customs in England and Scetland to cancel bonds, given for the high duties 00 certain parcels of com imported into Great Britain, on certain conditions therein mentioned

Cap. 10. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

Cap. 11. For laying additional duties upon all candles, sex capt wax and spermaceti candles), and for more effectually securing the duties upon candles.

Cap. 12. To enable the governor and company of the bank ad Scetland further to increase the capital stock of the said company.

Cap. jj. For appointing and enabling commissioners further to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom.

Capw 14. To enable the commissioners of his majesty's treasury to compound a debt due to the crown from Francis Dixon eftpiirc deceased, and his Curettes; and for veiling his estates in tntfteop; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 15 For the better relief and employment of the poor Moitgin| to several pari (he within the town of Sbxewfbury and the liberties thereof, in the county of Salop.

Cap. TV difeotwinoe the petty custom on aliens goods wnponed itov great: Britain, and the duty of cm per centum on

A TABLE OF thft RT ATUTRSC A

goods exported to or imported from the afediurrmeat Seat tt \ unqualified ships; and for repealing so much of an act paled irt^the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty as enaftt*« that no part of the old fubfldy shall be drawn back upon good > to the british colonies or plantation in amort*e. - <: n i Cap. 17. For amending and rendering more cffcftujdaivwdf: i of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, inti* C tuled, An act for the bitter relief and employment of the pooroftho fc borough <?/dunheved otberxvife Launceston, and parish of Saint 1 Mary Magdalen, in the county of Cornwall; and for veiling she ri aftermowth of certain common lands within live borough n*for the 'purposes therein mentioned.. i

Cap. 18. For laying additional duties upon paper paste; boards, millboards, and fealeboards; and for explaining eeruin, doubts respecting the duties imposed by an act made in the'twenty sir ft year of his present majesty's reign intituled, An act' act for repealing the present duties upon paper, pofteboards, mil \ boards, and fealeboards, made in Great Britain; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

Cap. 19. To revive and continue an act made in the twelfth*year of the reign of his present Majestyyfor encouraging thermae fafture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak barkf when the price of such bark Shall exceed a certain rxxte % for a limited time \ and for extending several acts of parliament relative to the manufacture of leather, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 20. For altering and amending an act of the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for appointing wardens and affixy masters, for assaying wrought plate in the towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, (o far as relates to tit said town of Sheffield.

Cap. 21. For the preservation and encouragement of the hat manufactory within this realm, by preventing the exportation of British hare skins, British hare wool, and British coney wool, and all undressed or untawed British coney skins, and for preventing any of the said skins from being stained or dyed; and for the importation of goats hair into this kingdom duty free.

'Cap. 22. For enabling iir ajhton Lever to dispose of his mo»feum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by way of chance.

Cap. 23. For further continuing, for a limited time, an a made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for preventing certain infirumentt from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America 5 and to give to his Majesty, Jor a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the jubjt&t of bio Majesty s dominions, and the inhabitants of the said United Status

Cap. 24. For granting to his Majesty certain rates and duties upon bricks and tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional duties on bricks and tiles imported into the same.

Cap. 25. For the better regulation and management of the affairs of the east-india Company, and of the British possessions in India, and for establishing a court of judicature for the more speedy and effectual trial of persons accused of offences committed in the East Indies.

cipp^to repei!rfo much of two as, made in the tenth f ind fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, as autho' riies/iherlpeaker df the Mule of commons to issue his warrant to tbc'derkof the crown for making out writs for the election of members to fefrve in parliament, in the manner therein mentfoiurf) end for substituting other provisions for the like purports; :

Cap. For laying an additional duty on hackney coaches; and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating o hackney coaches.

Cap: $8. For authorffing the treasurer of the navy to pay to the officers and men belonging to his majesty's ship Santa Mar isrertt^athe tike bounty for taking the French frigate called l'jma&piei as is allotted to the officers and men on board any of to majesty's ships of war, taking or destroying ships of war belonging to the enemy.

Cipi. Fbr vesting certain lands, tenements, and hereditament, 'm trustees, for better securing his majesty's docks, ship^and sores, at Por if mouth and Plymouth; and also for reverting, certain meflfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Southampton Cornwall, and Devon, in the former proprietors thereof; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

cpa For granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon li<*n£ellor retailing beer, ale, and other excifhble liquors.

Cap. 31; For granting to his Majesty certain duties on horses keptforthe? purpose of riding, and on horses used in drawing certain carriages, in respect whereof any duty of excise is made payable.;

Capita. To postpone the payment of the Turn of two millions, advanced by the governor and company of the bank' of Engkmd, towards the supply for the service of the year one thau&nd fcton hundred and eighty one.

Cap. 33* For raffing a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

Cap 34- For the relief of the East India company with re fpea to the payment of certain sums due to the public, and to tbeaoceptance of certain bills drawn upon the said company, and for regulating the dividends to be made by the said com

Cap. 35* To hnpower the bishop of London for the time being, or any other bishop to be by him appointed, to admit to the order of deacon or pried, persons being subjects or citizens ofcauatriesont of his Majesty's dominions, without requring them to take the oath of aifegrance as appointed by law.

Cap. 36w For repealing the present duties upon wax candles ©idc intyfaj/ Britain; and for granting in lieu thereof other

duties

A t aefke of the STATUTES.

dntics upon wax candles made in Groat Britain,t*d at

imported, and tyioa licences to mate or (ell wax candies iin Great Britain. k, «

Cap. 37. For granting to his Majesty certain adduiooal>ratrs of postage for conveyance of letters and packets, by utx within the kingdom of Graz Britain; for preventing; frauds in the revenue, carried on by the conveyance of certain goodtun letters and packets; , and for further preventing fraud and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letter and packets free from postage «

38. For repealing the several duties on tea, .and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and also several duties on inhabited houses; upon the importation of coconuts and coffee; and for repealing the inland dotiefc of excise thereon.

Cap. 39. For granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

Cap. 40. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on linens primed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain nd for granting certain duties on cotton stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on licences for bleaching or dyinghc same; and upon the importation of stuffs made of, or mixed with cotton, not painted, printed, stained, or dyed in foreign parts.

Cap. 41. For laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of, and dealers in, exciseable commodities therein.mentioned.

Cap. 42. To explain, amend, and render more cffe&uai, an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, 4n fr mere effectualpumijb

nutit of persons who Shall attain, or attempt to attain, ptffeffkn of goods or moneys by false or untrue pretenees; for preventing tkr unlawful pawning of goods \ for the eofy redemption goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in public-houses, by journeymen, labourer servants, and apprentices, so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; and for the cafy redemption of goods pawned.

Cap. 43. For granting to his Majesty Certain duties on certificates issued with respect to the killing of game.

Cap. 44. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand fev$o hundred and eighty-four; for appropriating the moneys arising by the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, and also by a land tax, granted to his Majesty by two acts made in the toftfession of parliament, and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 45. To extend the powers of an act made in thotweety third year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between be subje&a of his Majesty dominions and the inhabitapts of

ataslfi of t STATUTES.

tfcrlijtftkdstateiof-aatritay to the trade and commerce of thi* km^rfotn, irjth thefinfi^donies and plantations in atrurus % with respect to certain articles therein mentioned.

for a limited time, the payment of thpohttfc* tfpon low wirres and fprrits for home consumption, adfovgnmtrtgand securing the doe payment of other duties in g^kefeafj andfbr the better regulation of the making and ending jbtilijk fplrits, as well for home consumption as for exportfctiott;and for defuoying all home made and foreign spirits, after the condemnation thereof; and for vesting in his Myftystile duties of excise within the lands of Ftreniojb, in the totally of tnv&nejs; and for discontinuing, for a limited timet ctvttaq frnpbftsand duties upon rum and spirits imported from*w<jun4tes.

Cap. 47. For the more effectual prevention of smuggling in this Mttgdoiti.

Cap. For better securing the duties on larch and soap.

Cap. 49. For granting additional duties upon law and thrown (iik imported into Great Britain, and upon lead exported from Great Britain into parts beyond the seas; and for allowing a ^awback upon the exportation of silks, and stuffs mixed with

"ip. 5b. To revive and continue several laws, relating to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other artictes* hit majesty's fogar colonies in America; and touch allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as fbnes, to be consumed on board merchant hips on their voyage? and to extend the provisions of an act of the twenty-third yttrof hisprdent Majesty, relative to the removal of wine m case, to winte removed in bottles and other packages.

Cap. '51. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences, to be taken out by persons vending hats by retail; and aho certain duties on hats sold under such licences; and for laying additional duties on all hats and caps imported into this

^2. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven handled and eighty-four.

Cap. 53. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on all gold and diver plate imported, and also certain duties bn all gold andiffer wrought plate made in Great Britain.

1 Op. 54^ To explain and amend an act, made in the elevehtty aodtwtifth years of the reign of King william the Third, in whdftt, An 4$ ensile justices of peace to build and repair gaols % A Mr trfpeftiw esanties; and for other purposes therein mentioned'*'

55. To explain and amend an act, made in the twenty fooridytar of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act fantbt % mkiing and rendering more effectual the laws in being rets ann bssfrf of tatrefthn.

'capuij. ft)r the effectual transportation of felons and other

offenders j

A T afel E of the sraw7e«.

Senders; to authorise the removal of prisoners irictitaftt cases i and for orher purposes therein mentioned. - - u i

Cap. 57. To enable his Majesty to grant to the heirs of 'thd former proprietors, upon certain terms and condition, thefbjr* feited eibtes in Scotland, which were put under the manured ment of a board of trustees by an act passed in the twentyififtr year of the reign of his late majestjr King George the seootidi and to repeal the said act. '*^

Cap. 58. To indemnify such persons as have omitted' to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to indefri* nify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to gifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; Irfid* to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, 1 attld borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to bo Ramped according to law, or having been Ramped, bave bei loll or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide.adttfip* Rons duly Ramped; and to give further time to such person ais have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution dentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, or to pay the db ties on the indentures and contrasts of clerks, apprentices, servants..

59. For extending, amending, and altering the powers of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his prefect Majesty, intituled, An act for making and maintaining a navigdlfo tut or canal from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the month of the river Carton, in the county of Stirling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmuir Born foot, in that county ^/'dumbarton; and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow; and/or making a navigable cut or canal of tbm- munication from the port and harbour of Borrowftduntvefe, to join the said canal at or near the place inhere it will fall into the firth of Forth..

Cap. 60. For raising money to discharge debts contrasted bti account of the poor within the parish of chrtflchurch, in the county of Middlesex; for repairing and enlarging the present workhouse of the said parish; and for further regulating though manner of rating to the poor, appointing overseers, and prefelv* ing all accounts relating to the offices of churchwarden and overseer of the poor, and treasurer, of the same parish.

Cap. 6r. For amending several roads leading fcomwoodjhck^ through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane; and fitttri Enfiow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the county of Oxford. \ Cap. 62. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled,

An act for repairing and widening the road from Alford /* boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the county Lincoln.

Cap. 63. To amend and render more effectual so much 6f two acts, made in the second and twelfth years of the reign^of his present Majesty, /cr repairings widening, and auetirtg jeyttal reads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and otbir placet in that

county

AT; abjl£ of the ST ATUTE5.

omtyefvwcyn, etnd fbrrepairingand widening the read fntft tit

Cldhall in Tauistock aforesaid, through matthew street, and w^r brook^ftrert, to Cherrybrook, and to Dunna Bridge Ppflndt and from the Caliington turnpike road to Morwelbam arid nffrquifi in the said county, as relates to the roads leading him the lower market house, in Tavistock aforesaid, to Old Town q^y 10 Plymouth aforesaid, and from Manadon Gate to the Old iprnd) near Plymouth Dock.

(^pw 6*. To enlarge the term and powers of an act pasted in thettyrd year of his present majesty King George the third\ % for emending and widening several roads leading from or near the north pdoftbetown and borough of Totncs in the county of Devon.*Cap. 65, For completing, widening, and keeping in repair t^c road from Rowd Fordy through the Devizes market place? to Sheppard's Sbord y and from the east end of Devizes to the top 0ifled Hone, in the county of Wilts \ nnd for changing and au rising part of the said road.

Cap. 66. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the meeting hotife in the parish of l\anegwad\ fpfthe lime kilns ifi the parish of Llanddarog; and from Dan yr jilt in the said parish of Llanegwad, to pont y berem in the parish of Llangendeirney in the county of Carmarthen.

67. For repairing and widening the road from the Humbles in the borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devon, through prankfort Gate to Stonehouse Bridge; and from the west end of the said bridge to the inner barrier gate next the play house, in the parish of Stoke Damarel % in the said county \ for lighting watching, and watering the said road 5 and for r emulating the (lands and fares of carriages ufine the same.

Cap. 68. For repealing an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the towns of salfordwar rington, Bolt on, and Wigan, and to certain places called The Broad Oah % in Worfey^ and Duxbury Stocks, in the county palatine of Lmuafler $ for making more effectual Drovifion for repairing and widening the said roads; and also for making, altering, and widening the road from a place called South Sea, in tpiflebury, to Agtcroft Bridge, and froth thence through Hilton Lane to Dawson Lane End and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kerfal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said county.

Cap. 69. T continue the term, and alter and enlarge he powctii ot an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of hi; present Majesty, for amending repairing, and widening several roads in the counties ^.radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other roads in the said counties.

Cap. 70. For rerivingi continuing, and enlarging the term and powers of an act, pasted in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty. intituled, An act for repairing and widening the roods from Kirkby. Steven High Lane Head, in the county if weftcnorund, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the county palatini of Lancaster; and from Bracken Bar Gate, near Afkrigg*

A tafcle ofcthe statutes. '

ht e/yorit, - #6m»g*iseibebgh, ie kfckjty icendal>{ dtyt

I tl/etbi road jrtm the Foot. Lane Ends in Marsh mit^y M' ibf turnpike read tagrayvigg h*ak$jeaditgfrmapp\*b kht&f1

Kendal, in tbijatd ttunty of wefttnoruhds. - -

. ... .: «.!«<!

'' ',; r' '. LI :

/, iu.**

private Acts,

i*i |. t^t -*

)< A N act for vetting part of the estatei late of the.right.ho.

A nourable Eduwrdear! of Derby, deceased, mtbe/mpl

counties of ivanwick, Cbejitr, and camhugfa in the right ho.: i nourahjle Edward the grefept e?rl o( Derbyr jf\ see funpla, act for settling an estate of the said prefqpt eaf^ of dtrbyirr.ibit county of Lancaster, of greater value, in liep thereof and ia exchange for the same. '; , |

2. An ft for eftabhfaing and confirming a pertain eaehftrtgci i

agreed upon between the lord bithop of Saint David's, recu of i the partfh and parish church of in the county, of i

Gloucester, and Themas Edwards efquipe, of certain 1 grounds and other hereditaments within the find parish,

An act for impowering the trustees of the will o f, JW« Okill, deceased, to sell certain leasehold estates in Liver fuel, in

the county of Laycajier, in preference to his estates of inherit.'ance, or payment of hi? debts and legacies, and for othar purposes therein mentioned. ...<>

if. An act for veiling certain parts of the settled estates Ipts of sir Robert Sutton knight, deceased, fituato in the county of, Zin coin, iri fit Richard Sutton baronet, his heirs and alfignsjand for vetting certain lands and hereditaments, the estate of tlx said sir Richard Sutton, fitpate in Bleaabyttod .Southwell, ia the county of Nottingham, in, Hep thereof, - so the saepe wfes., ...

5. An act for dividing, allotting, and inftofing.the open fields,

undivided enclosures, commons, and wafts grounds, within the manor and lordship of Languor, in the parish of 4'dfieufitli, in the county of Stafford.,

6. An act for dividing and inclqfing tits commons and Svattt lands within the parish of Blagdon, in the county

7. An act for dividing and enclosing. the several open fields,

meadows, commons, and watte grounds, within the, manors and lord ships of Hextrope with Baity, and Long tbs

Joke of Doncaster, in the west riding of the epunty of Verb. -

8. An act for naturalising John Joseph Mary

9.An act for dividing and enclosing certain open and'com* mon fields, meadows, and commons, or watte lands, witkia the parish of Lower Brailts, in the county of Iffanwick, M

10. An act for confirming and establishing an exp.hangeagratd

upon between the reverend James Dalton, raftor, of the parish of Stanmere, in the county of Midand Giorgii dru/dnat esquire, .of certain lapds witlunthe. said pafifh.,>., - .1

u 11. An

A tttwjrf ftc stattjtfes.

jfr Arflwdl tot qjtplain and amend a power veftfcd mjdhn fla#a?efqmire, to gramme leases, so for aaft toneems Certain land

the town or prethwfts of Eanutfler, qltod ttt Fryffagt) ind fdr the other ptwpefei therein mtri uoned..

ii*an act far rafting h estate of dalzieu, lying in the couaty srf £**itnt, in jamethamjtttn esquire, and triers, in fee tail, under the condmona and limitations within mentioned; and forvefting in the said Jkines Htomkon, his heirs and assigns, kfiet fimpk, the eftaee of Rtfetutfl, lying in the same county, hitch thereof. y

ty anakftfor Vetting part of the estate of Johntafhot efqtiire, iocm&i in (foecounty of f9su*y iittaited by his will, in trustees, totefom^atid for applying the moneys arifibg by such sale ia difclurging the encumbrances affecting the same.

s^j^aei ofilfor replacing tfcefom of five thousand five hundred pound raised by fade of fie thousand two hundred and six poagftv^ifottf ffchnngs, three peretntufti confohdated annuities, part of thousand'pounds, like annuities, mentioned ai the MM triage feftlcment of John Dairympli esquire, and Eleanor hu wtfcy and applied in the purchase of certain freehold, least hom, and copyhold estates, in the county 6f Southampton y and fog Sifting fitch estates in Edward Mot ant esquire.

*5^ M aa tocnamc the trustees named in the Wifi of Samuel fgweevlefiqtttre^ deeeafod, to make levfes of certain parts of th efiatca* theiiby^itevifed^ and for vesting part of the timber On certain dtber parts of the devised estates in trustees to bt sold, fcc*taq>tftyofes theftskt mentioned:

«6j»aei ad far dividing and ahdttmg part df^he tovto fields, aaiftfa ehple of the mm ^iten, of ftiritigtoh, in the pafrish of Warden, in she county of mrthmherland;

rp* anadnbr^&vidftig and inctofing certain commons, waft lands, and comnioriabte places, witjiin the manor and parifll Of

i., fordividwig and inelofing the commons, waste

laivta^jcmjenortable snoods, and commonable places, within the manor and parifll of Kingfwinford, in the county of Stafford.

Ufr Aik a for dividing and inelofing a large trac1 of common or waste ground, called Loxley Chase, lying part within the ma nor oi Shtffhld, and part within the manor of Wadfiey, and also certain other commons or waste grounds, and certain common iieua: and mesne enclosures within the said manor of jvadjley % all within the parish of e<clesjieldy in the west riding of the counry of York.*-*4

jou Ati act for, dividing and Inelofing the commons and waste graamfewithin the manor and township of.etcleffeldy and the several foakc* or districts of Southey and Grennofirihy within the parifll of j&rfa/faaf, in the west riding of the county of York.

21. An act for naturalising Emanuel Goodhart,

22. An act to enable the trustees of the estates devised by the will of the late sir William Rowley to apply part of the trust monies in rebuilding the mansion house called Tendring Hall, an[d] offices, in the county of Suffolk.

23. An act for investing the estates late of Thomas Barlet esquire, deceased, in the county of Lancaster, in trustees to be sold, to raise money to be applied, under the direction of the court of chancery, in payment of the debts, annuities, encumbrances, and legacies charged upon and affecting the same estates and for other purposes therein mentioned.

24. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and commonable places in Tugby, in the county of Leicester.

25. An act for dividing, enclosing, and improving the common arable fields, common partures, and commons or waste grounds, within the township of Lockton, in the parish of Middleton, in the north riding of the county of York.

26. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields parcels of common fen, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the parish of Frampton, in the parts of Holland in the county of Lincoln, and also certain plots of land callet The Reaches, Marsh, and Holmes's, in and near to the said parish of Frampton.

27. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of the reverend John Dewes clerk, in the counties of Hants, Surrey, and Devon, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same uses.

28. An act to empower Margaret Bows spinster, lieutenant colonel Thomas Thoroton, and Anne his wife, and the reverend Robert Croft, and Elizabeth his wife, to grant leases of their settled estates in the county of Northumberland, and county palatine of Durham; and for vesting certain parts of the same estates in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the purchase money in other estates, to be settled to the same uses.

29. An act for vesting part of the several estates of Richard Whitworth esquire, in the county of Stafford, in trustees, to be exchanged for part of his unsettled estates in the same county, of greater value.

The End of the TABLES.

THE

STATUTES at Large, canno

regni GEORGII IIL Regis mag nee Britannia, Francia, &* Hibernia vicesimo secundo.

AT the parliament begun and held at west minster, the thtrty first day of October, Anno Domini 1780, in the twenty first year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C And from thence continued, by several prorogations, to the twenty /eventh day of November, 1781; being the second session of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for further continuing an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the 'high feasor the crime of piracy.

WHEREAS an act was made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feasor the crime of piracy; ) which was to continue and be in free until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and no longer: and whereas the said act was, by four subsequent acts, made in the eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty'first years vf his present Majesty s reign, further continued until the first day ofjanuary, one thousand seven hundred and eighty vol. XXXIV B two,

Preamble.'

Ad of 17 Geo. 3. C 9. recited;

2 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 2. [1782.

two, and no longer: and whereas it is expedient that the said first mentioned act Should he continued for a further term; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the and further authority of the same. That the said sir ft mentioned act, and continued till all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, and qualifications Jan. i, 1783. therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and ho longer.

CAP. II

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be tvifed in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thufand fevtn hundred and eighty-two, at 4 s. in the pound.

Persons having in their custody fqch books, C

to deliver up the same on one month's notice,

on penalty of 501.

Application of the penalty.

Her majesty the queen not chargeable;

XVI AND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the person and persons aforesaid, now or at any time hereafter having in his or their ctffto dy, keeping or possession, any such books or papers afofefaid relating to the land tax, shall, within the foace of ohe calendar itionth next after hotice in writing, signed oy three or more df the said commissioners respectively, bra true copy thereof given to, or left at the usual place of abode of, such person or persons, deliver and give up all such books and papers unto such person and persons as the said comtnissioners, by such notice, shall order dnd appoint; Whose receipt for the same shall be a good and sufficient discharge to such person or persons so delivering such books and papers: and if any such person or persons now, or at any time hereafter, having in his or their custody, keeping, or pofteftion, any such books or papers, shall refuse or neglect foto deliver the same within the time limited by such notice and demand made, he or they shall, for such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; one moiety whereof shall be paid to the receiver-general of the land tax of the county wherein such offence shall happen to be committed, and hall by him be applied in aid of the land tax of such county, and accounted for by him accordingly; and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall sue for the same; atld shall Be recovered, together with full costs of fuir, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in which no efibin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XCVIII Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or anything herein contained, shall not charge, or be construed to charge, her majesty the Queen with the abovementioned duty or payment of four Shillings out of every twenty Shillings by the year, for or in respect of any sums of money or annuities given or granted i by

3-

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C

by his Majesty to her said Majesty5 but that such sums of money and annuities, and her Majesty, and her treasurers or re ceirers^general for the time being, in respect of the same, hall be free and clear of all taxes, importions, and other publick charges whatfoetef; anything in this act to the contrary not withstanding.

CXXVIL Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That so much and such parts of this a as relate to the payment of the moneys arising by the taxes and aftflinentsherein before mentioned, by the respective collectors appointed by virtue of this act, to the receivers general of the several and respective counties and places aforesaid j and also to the times and manner of paying the same into the receipt of his majesty*s exchequer, by the said respective receivers general as aforesaid; and also to the allowances to be made to the said respective receivers general and collectors, may be repealed, altered, abridged, or varied, by any act or acts to be pated in this present session of parliament.

Claofc of loan at L 10 s. percent. Bills to bear interest at 4u sot percent, per ann.

CAP. III

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty or tain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year otu thou jani/even hundred and eighty-two.

xxtf. JND whereas by an act, made in the sixth year of his* Majesty s reign, [entitled. An act for repealing the duties granted upon cyder and perry by an act made in the third year of his present majesty's reign; and for granting other duties on cyder and perry in lieu thereof; and for more effectually securing the duties on cyder and perry imposed by several former acts); a duty after the rate of sixteen billings and eight pence per bestead was, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoupmd even hundred and sixty six, bid upon all cyder end penny which Jbmldbe made in Great Britain, andfienl or consigned to any fuftor 6r agent who Should receive the same to sell or dispose of, to be paid bjjmh fasor or agent: and whereas by the said act it was provided, Toot if arty faflor or agent Should, during the continuance of an act J the said sixth year of his Majesty s reign, for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, forth service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, it charged with and pay the duty of four jhiuings per hogshead upon an) quantity of cyder or perry thereby granted, and chargeable upon lim or her as receiver thereof, such faflor or agent Should, for every hcgjhcad of such cyder or perry fio charged, fiand discharged of four shillings, part of the said sixteen jhiuings and eight pence; and it was thereby declared. That cyder or perry made in Great Britain in no case whatsoever should be chargeable with more than sixteen billings and tighupence per hogshead: therefore, to prevent any doubts or difficulties with respect to the charging or payment of the duties hereby B 2 continued

Certain parts of this act liable to be repealed, U C during the prefenucflion.

Clauses in an

aft 6 Geo. 3. C if, recited.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii IIL C [178a#

continued or granted, W to secure the cyder and perry, jtt the poj- session of such factors and agentr, from being liable to a greater duty than cyder or perry which Shall be received or disposed of by other persons will be subject to; be it enadt^d and declared by the autho where the rity aforesaid, That in case any cyder or perry shall be received duty granted jnt0 the custody or possession of any fadlor or agent, for which cyder or peri L appear, by a certificate, under the hand of the proper ry, in custody officer of excise, that the duty continued or granted by this adfc of a factor, shall have been charged for such cyder or perry, such factor or shall be certi agent shall, for every hogshead of such cyder or perry so charge bee^charged anc discharged of four Shillings, part of the said duty of thefadlor*sixteen Shillings and eight pence; and that cyder and perry shall be dif shall not, in any case or cases whatsoever, be charged or charge charged able with any higher or larger duty or duties in the whole in thereef. eluding the duty continued or granted by this act) than after the rate of sixteen Shillings and eight pence per hogshead, for or on account of the same being in the custody or possession of'all or any of the persons liable to pay any duty or duties in re

fpedfc thereof.

Clause of loan at 4i. 10 s. percent.

Number of forces 49*5s» including 4, 175 invalids.

CAP. IV

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion 5 and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Preamble. WHEREAS the raising or keeping a landing army within this kingdom in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of parliament, is against law: and whereas it is judged necessary by his Majesty, and this present parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of this kingdom, the defence of the pojfefjions of the crown of Great Britain, and the prejervaiion of the balance cf power in Europe; and that the whole number of such forces should confiji of forty-nine thousand four hundred and fifty five effiftive meny including four thousand one hundred and seventy five invalids: and whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limby or subjected in time of peace to any kind of puni/bment within this realmy by martial lawy or in any other manner than by the judgement of his peers, and according to the known and ejlabli/hcd laws of this realm; yet never tbelefsy it being requifitey for the retaining all the before mentioned forces in their duty, that an exact discipline be observedy and that fau diers who Shall mutiny, or Jlir up edition or Shall desert his ma jessy s ferviccy be brought to a more exemplary and speedy puni/bment than the usual forms of the law will allow; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afletpbled, and by the authority of the same. That if any person, being mustered or in pay as an officer, or who is or shall be lifted or in pay as a soldier, shall, at any time during the continuance of this act, begin, excite, cause, or join in, any mutiny or sedition in the regiment, tfoop,

or

Every officer, or private man, during the continuance of this a 6t,

who shall mutiny or desert, C

5

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 4.

or company, to which he doth belong, or in any other regiment, troop, or company, either of his Majesty's land or marine foroes, in his majesty's service, or shall not use his utmost endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny, shall not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer 5 or shall! ro/ibehave himself before the enemy; or shall (hamefully or abandon abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, port, or guard, nv f^rtlc^» committed to his charge, or which he shall be commanded to C defend; or shall compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrison, fortress, or port, to deliver up to the enemy, or to abandon the same; or shall speak words, or use any other or shall induce means to induce such governor or commanding officer, or do

others, to milbehave before the enemy, or (hamefully to aban 1

don or deliver up any garrison, fortress, poll, or guard, committed to their respective charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his pod before relieyed; or shall be or shall be found sleeping on his post; or shall hold cprrefpond cnce with, or give advice or intelligence to, any rebel or enemy his post, of his Majesty, either by letters, messages, (igns, or tokens, in or hold cor.*any manner or way whatsoever; or shall treat, or enter into respondence any terms with such rebel or enemy, without his majesty's LI with*"cence, or licence of the general, or chief commander; or shall jjjwfty* firike or use any violence against his superior officer, being in or ^a|j the execution of his office; or shall disobey any lawful com or disobey his mand of his superior officer; cr shall desert his majesty's ler superior offi vice; all and every person and persons so offending in any ofctri the matters before mentioned, whether such offence shall be foal differ committed within this realm, or in any other of his majesty's death, or such dominions, or in foreign parts, upon land, or upon the sea, a^u^ar*shall suffer death, or such other punishment as by a courtmartial shall in tial shall be awarded. (lift.

II Provided, and it is hereby declared and enabled. That Non commis any non commissioned officer or soldier enlisted or in pay in any fioned officers regiment, troop, or company, who shall, without having first V

obtained a regular discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other r?gi Y other regiment, troop, or company, shall be de9med to have mente. to deserted his majesty's service, and shall in like manner suffer b.c.. deemed death, or such other punishment as by a court-martial shall be ddcrters* awarded.

General court-martial not to consist of less than 13* (except within the garriion of Goree, C and the president to be a field officer, or officer mext in seniority, not under the degree of a captain j (except in the gar of Goree, where they are to consist of five at lectin sentences of death, nine officers shall concur, except in the garrison of Goree.

VII And be it further enacted and declared. That in the Deserter may, caic of any soldier tried and convicted of desertion, whensoever*! the court-martial, which shall pass sentence upon such trial, corprabroad^ shall not think the offence deserving of capital punishment, such for life, or court-martial may, instead of awarding a corporal punishment, for a term Of

B 3 adjudge Xcarst

6

Anno viccqmo secundo Georgii III C [1782.

adjudge the offender, if they shall think (it, to serve as a soldier in any of the corps stationed in any of his majesty's dominions beyond the seas, or in foreign parts, for life, or for a certain term of years, according to the degree of the offence: but returning and if such soldier shall afterwards (without leave from his ma without leave jesty, or from the commanding officer of the corps in which he ration of such appomtc<* to serve) return into this realm, or the king

term, he shall dm f Ireland before the expiration of the term limited by suffer death, such sentence, and shall be convicted thereof by a court-martial, he shall suffer death.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared. Proceedings That none of the proceedings of any general or regimental of courts, or court-martial, nor any entry, or copy thereof, shall be charg copkvthere C chargeable with any lamp duty whatsoever; anything of, not liable contained in any former act or acts to the contrary not with to stamp du (landing.

No wagon, C to carry above 50 hundred weight. No volunteer liable to process, unless for Come criminal matter, or unltfe for a real debt of the value of 101.

Soldiers, while confined for debt, not to receive pay.

Where any

corps beyond Teas shall be relieved in order to return home, such of the men as shall choose may be inliil ed, and incorporated with those appointed to remain; the occasion of quitting fuen former corps to be recited in the inlilting certificate.

LXVIT. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from the passing of this act, no soldier, being arrested or confined for debt, in any prison, gaol, or other place, shall be entitled to any part of his pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment, troop, or company, to which he shall belong.

LXXVIII And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any regiment or company shall be relieved at any station or place beyond the seas, in order to their return to Great Britain or Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for any officer or officers thereunto authorised by the commander in chies, at such station or place respectively, to enlist as many of the soldiers belonging to such regiment or company, returning tc Great Britain or Ireland, as shall be willing, and who shall appear to be fit for service, and to incorporate them in any regiment or company which shall be appointed to remain; and every soldier so enlisted shall be, and is hereby deemed to b.c.. discharged from the regiment or company in which he befon served; the occasion of his quitting such former corps (ha! be recited in the enlisting certificate; a duplicate, or an atreftefl copy whereof shall be delivered to such soldier, to protect hid from being any ways molested upon suspicion of his havin(

deserted.

LXXIX And be it further enabled by the authority afore In what cases said, That this aeft shall be construed to extend to the islands < this a shall Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Many and the i(lan< fel^gueni/ev"' thereto belonging as to the clauses therein for mustering an Ucl* and to the provisions for the trial and puniftunetit C

officers and soldiers who shall be charged with mutiny or defei tion, or any other of the offences which arc by this a St declare to be punishable by the sentence of a general court-martial

act

j; $*.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 4. 7

and also to the clauses which relate to the punishmertf of per ibns who shall conceal deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange or otberwile receive any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture, belonging to the King, front any fioldier or de feiter, or who Stall cause the colour of such clothes to be changed.

LXXXI And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, and As often as it

particularly in such matters, wherein any of his majesty's marine ft all be necef

fsrces may be inter efied % that officers of the marines Shall be officiated with officers of the land forces for the purpose of bolding court s mar marine

tiol> be it enabled and declared. That when and as often as forces may k may be necessary, it shall and may be lawful for officers of fit >0 conjunc fhc hod and marine forces to sit in conjunction upon courts tio» upon^birriaj, and to proceed in the trial of any officer or lbldier of i'wwr" the land foroes, in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as9if such court-martial were composed of officers of the land taking rank forces only \ and the officers of the land and marine forces are, according.to iofuch cases, to take rank according to the seniority of their ^hdrcom compuffions in either service. millions.

LXXXII And for the better afiertaining the number of effective met of the regiments of militia, when embodied and in atiual service9he it tna<9ed by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after Militia and the passing of this a, every regiment or corps of militia and forcible men, fencible men, when embodied and in actual service, shall be jjjj^jce" regularly muttered by commifiaries appointed fqr that purpose, to be regu9in the same manner, and as often as the army is usually muster larly muttered; and the magistrates shall have the same powers and autho ed> Verities, and both officers and men shall be subject to the same regulations, reftridtioqs, and penalties, as are imposed on the officers and fddiers of the army by virtue of this act.

LXXXIII And whereas the time of service in the militia is limited to three years, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Names of mi that the officer commanding each regiment or corps of mi fitia men, See. litia, or fencible men, shall certify, on the back of the muster j" j^months roll, the names of those men who are within six months of the of tbeexpi time of the expiration of their service, and also the number of ration of their mn which have been enrolled since the last muster, distinguish ftrvjce, to be ing the ballotted men from the substitutes; and every man so ^back^tf enrolled shall be entitled to receive his pay from the time of his the muster iorolloaent. roll.

LXXXIV And be it further enacted by the authority afore, said, That this a shall be and continue in force, within the Continuance realm of Great Britain, from the twenty-fourth day of March, inihe year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until the twenty-fifth day of Marchy in the year 01 our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and shall be and continue in force in Jersey9 guern/ey, Alderney, sarjty and Many and the iftands thereto belonging, as to such pans thereof as relate to those places respectively, from the thirtieth day of Aprily in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until the first day of May in the year of /

B 4 our

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C [1782.

our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and shall be and continue in force, within the island of mine^ca^ and garrison of Gibraltar, and in his majesty's other dominions beyond the seas, as to such parts thereof as relate to those places respectively, from the twenty-fourth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, until the twenty-fourth day of Marchy in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty four.

LXXXV Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. His Majesty That the powers by this act given to his Majesty of granting his w^rfn^to the warrant to governors of Minorca and Gibraltar, and or his governors of majesty's dominions beyond the seas respectively, or to the per m noica and son or persons there commanding in chief his Majesty's forces f jr^noidin COR t*tnc fr convcn*ng> or authorising any officer,

courts mar not un<*er degree of a field officer, to convene general courts tial, immedi martial for the trial of offences committed by any of the forces ately after the under their respective command, shall commence immediately passing of this from an(j after the pafling of this act; and that it shall be lawful for such governor or person commanding in chies, and any

officer by them, respectively authorised, to proceed and aft by virtue of such warrant from and after the day on which such 1 governor or person commanding in chief shall receive the same.

nqu nd I

CAP. V

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on

shore.

XXXVII AND, in order to prevent all doubts which may arise JLJL in relation to puni/king offences committed against former acts of parliament, made for the regulation of the marine forces Offences while on Shore, be it enabled, by the authority aforesaid, That all

a^ainst former crimes and offences which have been committed agaiftft any inquired of le former as n lat behalf, shall and may, during the continuance of this present act, be inquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished, before and by the like courts, persons, powers, authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the like crimes and offences committed against this present act may be inquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished.

person be ua XXXVIII Provided always, That no person shall be liable bie to be tried to be tried or punished for any offence committed, against any for offences of the former as, which shall appear to have been com t^hreeyea^* rnitted more than three years before the iftuing of the commis beforexiffuing fion or warrant for such trial 5 except only for the offence of the warrant desertion.

cept in cases No volunteer liable to process, unless for some criminal matter, or un of desertion lei fora real debt of the value of 201.

only; XLI And be it further enacted. That, from the passing of

Mannes whde this act, no marine, being arrested or confined for debt, in any debt^not to prison, gaol, or other place, shall be entitled .to anjr part of his receive pay.. pay

and punished as under this act:

Provided no person be lia

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 6. 9

\ pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment or company to which he shall belong.

XLV And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, par lieu A often at it lorly where a sufficient number of marine officers cannot be conveniently cfcmbledy or in matters wherein any of his Majesty's land forces may ot^marine fi inter ested, that officers of the land fortes should be ojjociated with and land the marine officers for the purpoje of holding court-martial; be it force may sit raa&ed and declared. That when and as often as it shall be n conjunction necessary, it shall and may be lawful for officers of the marine '

and land forces to sit in conjunction upon court-martial, and

to proceed in the trial of any marine officer or private man, in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such courts mar taking rank tial were composed of marine officers only; and the officers of according to the marine and land forces are, in such cases, to take rank ac thefenioritf cording to the seniority of their commissions in either service. ni&zug?0**

CAP. VI

An act for beeping the militia forces of this kingdom complete, during! the time therein mentioned.

WHEREAS it is highly expedient for the publitk service, that Preamble.

the fnteral regiments and corps of militia Should be made and kept as complete as pcffible during the course of the ensuing campaign: and whereas the time. of ballotting for many regiments and corps, or sorts of regiments and corps, will happen betvjeen the months of March and December next ensuing, whereby such regiments and corps will, during that period, be very much weakened and rendered unfit for fervite: and whereas the provisions in two acts of parliament, one made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, (entitled, 1SGeo.3c.59. An act to amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain regulations with respect to officers serving in the corps of fencible men directed to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned; ) and the other made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to explain, 19000.3.0.7*. amend, and render more effectual, the several laws now in being relative to the militia forces of this kingdom; and for making certain provisions relative to the fencible men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; ) which were intended to prevent in [me degree this inconvenience, have been found injufficient: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and imme Colonels, C diatdy after the passing of this act, the colonels and command of militia, in ants of the several regiments and corps of militia, in which re whose regi giments or corps the time of service of any private militia men fer

will expire between the first day of April and the first day of Device of any

cember private men

IO

will expire between April i, and Dec. i, are to inquire of every such nan if he is willing to continue his service for a further term of three years.

Colonels, Zee. to return lilts of fuel) merr who are willing to continue, Zc C to the clerks of the general meeting,

which clerks, deputy lieut. Zee. are forthwith to proceed to ballot for proper men to serve instead of those whole times will expire as aforesaid.

Clerks of fub i division meetings to send lists of the names. Zee. of militia men sworn in to the commandant of the corps to which they belong, & C

Anno vicefubo secundo Georgii III [1782

umier next ensuing, shall, and they are hereby refpcftivriy required forthwith to apply, in the manner directed by the (fid9 of the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, to every fuehpri vate maq* and to inquire if he is willing to continue his forvice for a further term of three years, and for what sum or pries he shall be so willing to continue it, if required.

II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That every such colonel and commandant of every such regiment and corps of militia, shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to return a list as well of such private militia men as are willing to continue (b to serve, as of all others whose times of feryicc will expire between the first day of April and the first day of Decmbtr, next enfuiag, to the clerk of the general meeting of the county or riding to which such regiment or corps shall respectively belong, in like manner as is directed by the said recited or either of them; and all clerks of general meetings, clerks of sob division meetings, deputy lieutenants, justices or the peace, and all other persons concerned, are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon the receipt of such lists, forthwith to proceed to ballot for proper men to serve in the militia, in the place of those whose times will expire as aforesaid, and for that purpose to execute all the powers and directions given by the said recited as, or any other actor abis of parliament respebting the militia forces of this kingdom, as if all the clauses, provisions, powers, matters, and things, contained in any of the said acts relating to the premises, were repeated and re enacted in the body of this present act.

III And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any militia men shall be ballotted for and sworn in, in the manner herein before directed, the clerks of the subdivision meetings rcfpebtively shall forthwith give notice thereof, and transmit a list of the names and places of abode of such militia men to the colonel or commandant of the regiment or corps of militia to which they shall belong and every colonel or commandant of such regiment or corps of militia is and are hereby authorised from time to time to discharge of those men whole times will soonest expire, a number equal to those who are ballotted for and sworn in, and in readiness to joiir his regiment or corps, so as to keep his regiment or corps as complete as may be during the period before mentioned.

CAP. VII

An act for further continuing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of fine orgia*

zined Italian thrown (ilk in any Bups or vcfteu, for a limited time.

Act 19 Geo. 3. C 9. recited j and further continued until March as, 1783,

CAP.

II

17**.] Anno vicesimo see undo Georgii III C 8. CAP. VIII

An wbt far raffing a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for eaablifhmg a lottery.

Preamble. 13, 500, 000!. to be raised by annuities, and 405, 000!. by a tottery. Contributors to the sum of 13, 500, 0001. to be entitled for each 100 L to an annuity of 1001. at 3i. percent, per ann. and to a further annuity of 501. at 4i. percent, per ann. the first to commence on the 5th of jan. 1782, and the other on the 5th of April, 1781, and also to be entitled to a further annuity of 17 s. 6d. per ann. for 78 years from the 5th of Jan. 178a, and then tocease; which shall be charged upon a fund to be elta bfiihed this session, and collaterally on the sinking lund. To be paid each half yearly. Every contributor of X oool. shall, upon payment of 301. more, be entitled to three lottery tickets. Preamble; reciting that books have been opened at the bank, and the whole 13, 500, 0001. for annuities fub feribed, and the whole 405, 0001. for the lottery, and 15i. percent. d posited on each. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid resolution, are required to pay the remainder of their subserip tioos, viz. for the annuities 101. percent, on the izth of April, 1782. 101. percent, on the 7th of May, 101. percent, on the 13th of June, 10 h percent, on the 19th of July, 151. percent on the and of August, 101, percent, on the toth of Sept. 101. percent, on the 24th of October, and the remaining 101. percent, on the 26th of November; and for the lottery 20 L percent on the 28th of May, 1782, 251, percent, on the 9th of July, sol. percent, on the 10th of Sept, and the remaining 20i. percent, on the nth of October. Subscribers to the annuities and Tottery to be allowed interest for all moneys paid in advance, at the rate of 3i. percent, per ann. Subscribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of tbtir subsenp tkms, shall receive tickets to the amount thereof at the rate of 101. for each ticket. Subscribers to the 13, 500, 0001. entitled to annuities of 3i. percent, and 41. percent, as aforesaid, till redemption by parliament, and to the annuities of 178. 6d. per ann. for 78 years from the 5th of July, 178s, and then to cease. To be paid half yearly, the 31. percent, on the 5th of July and die fifth of January, and the 4i. percent, on the loth of o&obtr and the 5th of April, and the annuities of 17 s. 6d. on the 5th of July and the 5th of January yearly; but not payable till the whole fume subscribed are paid. Annuities to be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, See. Cashier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received f which shall be assignable. Cashier to give fecarity to the good liking of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay all moneys received into the exchequer. Commi Turners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid the cashier, A book to be provided in the accountant general's office, in which contributors names shall be entered. See. After contributors shall have paid their subscriptions, they will be entitled to receive the annuities granted by this act; which shall be tax free. Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, the Turns paid shall be forfeited to the public, and all right to their respective annuities extinguifbed. As soon as contributors have completed their payments, the sums subscribed shall, in the books of the bank, be placed to their credit; and shall be arguable. Annuities charged on the fund to be eftabltshed for payment thereof. Governor, cof the bank, to appoint a chief cahier and accountaot general. From time to time moneys to be issued at the exchequer to the chief cashier, for payment of annuities created by this act. accountant general to examine receipts aid payments. Annuities to be deemed perfbnal eitate. Books to be kept by the accountant general, wherein shall be entered all transfers of Turns advanced on this act, which entry shall be Tigned by the party making Tuckt transfer, or his or their attorney authorised by writing under hand and leal; and the party to whom such transfer is made hail sign his or her acceptance, and no other method good in law. Persons ponefled of flock may devise the same by will, C Commissioners of the treasury impow,

crcd

)igiti 1 C

12

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 8. [1782

ered to defray the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act; The 3i. percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the 31, percent, confols. transferable at the bank. The 4i. percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the same fund as the 4i. percents, granted by the lottery acts of ao and ai Geo. 3. The annuities of 17 s. 6 d. per annum for 78 years, to be added to the consolidated long annuities of i, s, 4, and ao Geo. 3. but to be paid out of the fund to be established this Itflion. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 405, 0001. to be raised by a lottery; the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Guardians having the disposal of infants money, may contribute to the loan, C Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Every leaf of the lottery books to be divided into three columns, in each to have a ticket) printed in the following form, to the number of 40, 500 in each. The ticket.

THE bearer of this ticket will, in pursuance of an act passed in the twenty second year of his majesty's reign, be entitled to such beneficial chance as shall belong thereto, in the lottery to be drawn in purfu auce of the said act.

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of the moneys paid in. Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or filkj and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Other books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 40, 500 tickets are to be printed. 14, 338 to be fortunate tickets, a of 20, 0001. each, 2 of 10, 0001. each, 2 of 50001. each, of aoool. each, 8 of toool. each, 20 of 500i. each, 50 of xool. each, 250of 501. each, 1, 400 ot 201, each; 5001. to each first drawn ticket of the first five days; 10001. to ditto the 10th and 15th days; aoool. to ditto the 18th day; 30001. to ditto the aift day; and aoool. to the latt drawn. Tickers of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and put into a box marked withithe letter (B). Public notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 18, 1782, in the usual method, and to continue from day today (except Sundays, christmas day, Thanksgiving and fast days) until all the said fortunate tickets are drawn. Number of the fortunate tickets and Aims to be printed. disputes to be adjutted by the managers. Forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring, or willingly acting or attlftuig in forging or counterfeiting any ticket, certificate, or order made by this or any former lottery aft, or altering any number, figure, or word therein, or uttering, vending, bartering, or disposing of any such false, altered, forged or counterfeited ticket, certificate, or order, or bringing any such ticket, certificate, or order, the number whereof, or any figure or word therein shall have been altered, (knowing the same to be such) to the said managers, or any of them, or to the cashier or cashiers, or accountant general of the bank of England, for the time being, or any other person or persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent intention; or shall willingly aid, abet, assist, hire or command any person or persons to commit any such offence, felony without benefit of clergy: and the said managers and directors, or any two or more of them may cause any person bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeited ticket or certificate, or aiding, abetting, C thereinto be apprehended and committed to gaol to be proceeded againtt according to law. Offenders (notin prison) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 501. reward. Proviso: attainder not to work or make corruption of blood, loss of dower or diflierifon of heirs. Managers to be sworn by two or more other managers. The oath.

Y A. B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in purfu jl ance of an act of parliament, .made in the twenty second year of his

LOTTERY anno 1781,

majesty's

j7s2.] Anno vicesimo secundo georgii III 0.9, 10.' 13

Majesty's reign, do swear, that I will faithfully execute the trust repbfed in nej and that I will not use any indirect art or means, or permit or dire ft any person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, formyfelfor any other person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavour to prevent any undue or sinister practice to be done by any person whatsoever; that I will, to the belt of my lodgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

Cashier may receive the Aims subscribed before receiving the lottery book giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 10i so paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit the Aims paid with respect to the lottery) and tee tickets for such sums to be delivered into the exchequer. commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, See. as they shall think At.

The 405, 000!. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; hall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on March i, 1783* C Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, C and signed, See. No see to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys or for any receipts, Sec. on penalty of 101. Persons (bed in execution of this act may plead the general lftue, and give the (pedal matter in evidence and recover treble costs.

CAP. IX

M act for rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the commissioners appointed, by an act made in the lait fcfiion of parliament to put in execution an act made in the same session, intituled, An act for grant 1 ing an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the (ervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one j and for appointing other commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in great.britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty two.

CAP. X

an act for the better detaining, and more easy exchange of American prisoners brought into Great Britain.

Wf HERE AS, since the commencement of the present war, ex Preamble.

changes of prisoners taken in America, or conveyed to America, hove been there regularly made, with advantage to his Majesty's service: and whereas it may be liiewife convenient for the ja'id service, that American prisoners brought into Great Britain Should be detained, and exchanged, in the same manner; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, His Majesty That, from and after the parting of this act, it may and shall be authorifedto lawful for his Majesty, during the continuance of the present deta, n a*on hostilities, to hold and detain in such prisons or places'within ^fnhabitan^s Great Britain, as to his wisdom shall seem fit, as prisoners of Of the revolted war, all natives or other inhabitants of the thirteen revolted co coloniestaken, j kmics not at his majesty's peace, who have been, or shall be, ?nd hr°ught taken by sea or land, and brought into Great Britain: and it grtiainr!at

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C i f, i. [1782 0 shall be lawful for his Majesty to discharge any person or per ibch ons ta^en and detained as prisoner or prisonersof war, either C absolutely, or upon such conditions, and with such limitations, or for such a time, as his Majesty shall deem proper; as o to authorise any commissioner or commissioners to discharge oi exchange all and every person and persons as aforesaid, according to the custom and usage of war, and the law of nations; regard being had in the said exchanges relative to officers in hit majesty's service, whether the said officers have been made prisoners in America or elsewhere, to the rank of the said prisoners, and the length of time Gnce they have been taken: and the detention, enlargement, or exchange aforesaid, shall be good am valid, any warrant of commitment, or cause therein expressed, or any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

An act for allowing farther time to negotiate, by fodotfement* the bend; issued in pursuance of an act, made tn the fourteenth year of the m.p.. ophis present Majesty, intituled, An act for more effectually carryinj into execution certain propofols made by the most noble Henry duke oi Buccleugb, the most noble Charlei duke of Queenlberry and Dover, anc other for redeeming the amiuitiet granted by the company of thi bank of Ayr, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, known en der the firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

Act 14 Gto. 3. C ai. recited. Bonds ifibed by the dnkt of Boorieughf C for 500, 0001, only13, 3001. part thereof paid*and by the greaf fall in the price of lands, foe. the remainder cannot be paid off within tb time limite<y>y the said former act, therefore enacted, that the oatstand ing bonds to be negociable until June4, 171s, and no looger. This de dared a public act.

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of certain mesuages lands, tenement, and hereditament, in the counties of Cornwall ant Devon, purchased in pursuance of two acts of parliament, one made it the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, fer better securing his Majesty docks, ships, and stores, at Plymouth and Sheemeft and for better defending the paflfage of the river Thames at Gravefent and Tilbury Fort 5 and the other in the twenty first year of his prefen Majesty's reign, for explaining and amending so much of the said a £ as relates to die (ecuiity of his Majesty s docks, ships, and stores*| and to certain proprietors and occupiers of land at or near Plymouth, who have sustainea any loss or damage in consequence C the said acts.

Recital of so Geo. 3. C 38. His Majesty'* letters patent, dated Aug. 1 17s0; and aft si Geo. 3. C 61. private*act to Geo. 3. No. 48. to ena George lord Edgcumbe to grant building leases of lands, C within I manor of Sronehouse, otherwise East Stonehouse, in the county of Deve redittd. Commifttoner* met in the parish of Antony, on Aug.7, 17! in the county of Cornwall, and upon the inquest of twelve lawful m returned by the sheriff, decreed that the value of the meltuages, lands, In Cornwall, in the said act si Geo. 3. mentioned, including two fm fwms to be paid as a fathfaftion for the damages done to a ropewalk I therto extending on a small part of the lands, by taking the same for i life of the public, was 1, 954 k its. 11 d. in which fqm was included t suns of 1, 428!. os. 9d. halfpenny, as the value of lands belonging to 1

CAP. XI

CAP. XII

ogle

rt] Anno vbesimo secundo Georgii III C 12.,

iral Thomas Grafts, and comprised in his marriage fettument. An ber meeting, had on Sep. 3, in the town of Dock, in the county of Dees when the commissioners on the like inquest decreed, that the value of lands, tenements, see. in the said county, mentioned in the said act, dad'mg money allowed for cwfts, damages and cxpencet of the owners Ml oeeapkrs of lands, Scc. revetted, was 10, 059!. 6 s. 6 d. exclusive of nds, cof lord viscount Mount Edgcambe and Vallctort, in the manor f Stonebowfe, and in the said sum was included 1, 7*81. is. 6d. as the ijae of lands in the parish of Maker, belonging to the said lord edg nmbe, C comprised in his marriage settlement. And as to the lands, t. in the manor of Stonebouse, the said lord Edgcumbe had proposed to rant a lease thereof for 99 years, if three persons nominated on behalf of is Majesty should so long live, and at the yearly rent of 361. 7 s. 6 d. be lg at the, rate of 6d. per perch) payable at Ladyday and Michaelmas lurof all taxes: which proposal was approved of by the commissioners. Uetfemade and executed, dated Sept,9, 1781. 16, 414.1. 5s. 5 d. with

iterect, to be applied for making compenfatlon to proprietors of lands, ic. in Devonshire and Cornwall. surveyor-general of the ordnance to ukeout bills for the several furos adjudged to the proprietors of lands, kc. Debentures to be prepared by the clerk of the ordnance, and paid ij the treafarer. To be paid according to (be respective decrees of the aomissioner*. 1, 41k!. os. 9d. halfpenny, the sum found to be the value if the ku>ds of admiral Graves, to be paid to certain trustees: who are to eveft the same in the purchase of a freehold estate, to be settled to the faeuses, fec« as the former lands; or place it out at interest. 1, 7181. is.6d» (be fen found to be the value of the lands of lord Edgcumbe, in the pa of Maker, to be paid to certain trustees: who are to invell the same ia the purchase of a freehold estate, to be settled to the same uses, cas he former lands; or to place it out at interest. Trustees answerable for their own neglects only. The 40]. decreed to be paid to the dean and noons of the chapel of St. George in Windsor Castle, shall be paid to their ippintie, as a compensation for their tithes a riling from lands in the county of Devon, within the parish of Plymstock, to be laid out in the purchase of messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in fee simple. to be conveyed to the use of the said dean and canons, and their faccelfori for ever, and instead of interest 11. per ann. to be deduced out ot John Harris's rent for the remainder of his term of 11 years. All the fami of money to be made payable by debentuies (except the three sums btforeroentioned) shall be paid to the deputy remembrancer of the exchequer j who shall ligna certificate to the barons of, the exchequer on the receipt of each sum respectively. Such sums of money to be paid by the fepmy remembrancer into the bank. Barons of the exchequer empower ed to make orders for payment of money to persons entitled to receive the fat, see. The vicar of Anthony, rector of Stoke Damerell, and vicar of Maksr, to have the yearly income of the money allotted to them. Takas tk feid valued lands for the use of his Majesty, exempt from taxes, nil not affect other lands in the same parish with regard to taxes, but the same shall remain subject to taxes'as before. 195 1. with interest, fa] be paid to the deputy remembrancer for a parcel of an undivided eighth part of land and a boathouse in the poltcflion of Warwick Calfnady. Barooiof the exchequer to inquire who is entitled to the said land and boatbonfe; and to order 60i. to be paid to the owner of the boathouse. Ireftioosfor the barons of the exchequer relative to the disposal of 1351. the aforementioned lands in the parish of Plymstock, to be paid to ttie see appearing entitled thereto in fee simple $ if only for forne limited or interest, then to be settled accordingly: and if it appears that Hwick Calmady hath been in the uninterrupted pofleffioii of the said iddedrighth part of the lands in the parish of Plymstock for0 yehrs,

4 do other person shall make out any title thereto, the court may order s find 1351, and interest to be paid to the said Warwick Calmady. Wftttt Of the fliffi of 19$ I. to be at the disposal of the exchequer. On fcmb dr removal of the deputy remembraneer, mortgages, See. to velt toftcccibr. If the rtnfcmbrancer fhooki execute the office in person,

then

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii C 13, 14! [178:

then the powers by this act veiled in the deputy, shall vest in the remen brancer. In case persons capable of receiving debentures shall neglefi take the same, Sec. after a month's notice in the London Gazette, to bed posited by the clerk of the ordnance with the clerk of the peace of tl county where the lands, Sec. lie. Theleafe granted by lord Edgaimbet sir Richard Sutton confirmed. Sir Richard Sutton to be indemnified writ respect to rent, See. reserved in the said lease, by the officers of the on nance Limitation of actions for acting under this act to be in six month and the defendant may plead the general issue, and give the fpedal mi ter in evidence, and have treble costs.

a(51 act to continue several laws therein mentioned, relating to the bet encouragement of the making of sail doth in Great Britain to the CI couragement of the silk manufactures; and for taking off several dutii on merchandise exported, and reducing other duties § to the five in portation of cochineal and indico 3 to the prohibiting the importatic of books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed i Great Britain; to securing the duties upon foreign made sail cloth, ar charging foreign made sails with a duty; to the allowing a bounty C the exportation of British corn and grain in neutral ships; to the alios ing the exportation of provisions, goods, wares, and merchandizes, t certain places in North America, which are or may be under the pt tedion of his Majesty s arms, and from such places to Great Britain, an other parts of his majesty's dominions; to the impowering his Majetf to prohibit the exportation, and restrain the carrying coastwise, of cop per in bars, or copper in (heets; and to the allowing the exportation ( certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty's fuga colonies in America.

33 Geo. a. C 17, for the encouragement of making sail cloth in Great Br tain, further continued until Sept. 19, 1788, Sec. So much of 8 Geo. i 15, as relates to the encouragement of silk manufactures, C further cor tinued until June 14, 1788, C 7 Geo. a. C 18, for the free importatio

of cochineal and indico, further continued until Sept. 19, 1788, Scc. S much of isgeo. sc. 36, for prohibiting the importation of books r printed abroad, Sec. as relates to prohibiting the importation of books n printed abroad, and first written and printed in Great Britain, forth continued until Sept. 39, 1788, See. 19 Geo. a. C 17, for securing the du

ties upon foreign made sail cloth, Sec. further continued until June V 1788, Sec. ao Geo. 3. C 31, for allowing a bounty on the exportation < British corn in neutral ships, further continued until March 35, 1783, & so Geo. 3. C 46, for allowing the exportation of provisions, Sec. to certai places in North America, further continued until June 1, 1783. to Geo. c.59, imdowering his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, Sec. of copper i bars or (heets, further continued until May r, 1783. So much of 16 Go 3. C 37, as relates to allowing the exportation of wheat, Sec. to his Maj fty's sugar colonies in America, further continued until May X 1783.

An a to explain, amend, and render more effiedual, an act, made: the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making at maintaining a navigable canal from or near the town of Stourbridge the county of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcesterfta canal at or near Stourton, in the county of Stafford 3 and also twocc lateral cuts therein mentioned.

Ad 16 Geo. 3. C »8. recited. Powers of the ad have been carried in execution, and the proprietors have expended the further sums of 500^ 30001. and 1330i. Power to raise a further sum of 10, 0001.3 which so^ 'as well as 30001. already raised, shall be made part of the companj

CAP. XIII

CAP. XIV

capi

i; S2.J Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III cm —

capital. To enable executors, C to answer calls. The said 13301. and interestto be first paid off. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered before justices of the peace by distress of goods, and in default thereof, three months imprisonment. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fef boris. To be a public act.

CAP. XV

An act for the relief of naval officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, with respect to prize and bounty money not claimed in due time.

Act 16 Geo. 3. C 5. recited. 17 Geo. 3. C 7. 19 Geo. 3. C 67. to Geo. 3. CI si Geo. 3. C 15. Seamen, C entitled to their prize or bounty money, if they claim it within four years after it shall become due to Greenwich hospital 5 provided they prove to the directors of the said hospital their inability to claim the same within the time limited by the recited aftst and the said directors may order the same to be refunded, if paid to the hospital. And if not, to be paid to such (eamen. See. as soon as received by their treasurer or his deputy, who is to be allowed such payment oa passing his account.

CAP. XVI

An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his majo fly ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

From the passing of this act until March5, 1783, merchant ships, C may be navigated by three fourths foreign (eamen, notwithstanding the navigation aft is Car. s. C 18. This act not to restrain Any royal proclamation to be made pursuant to an act 13 Geo. % . C 3.

CAP. xvil.

An act to repair, enlarge, and rebuild, Cobham, Leatherhead, and God aiming bridges, in the county of Surrey.

Cobham bridge kept in repair at the joint expense of Tbo. Page, Esq; lord of the manor of Cobham; Richard Palmer, D. D. and Tbo. Huflt, Esq; lords of the manor of Walton upon Thames, by reafori of the tenure N of their respective e(fates. Leatherhead bridge at the joint expense of the parishes of Leatherhead and Fetcham, with the aid of the income of certain small.parcels of land of the annual value of 18 Shillings, and go dilming bridge at the expense of Jane More Molyneiix, fpintter, by rea foo of the tenure of her estate. The bridges to be deemed county bridges, and repaired as such. allowing.an appeal against the proportion of county rates. The old bridges veiled in the clerk of the peace. Proprietors of Cobham bridge to pay 400). to the county treasurer. Certain pieces ofland in Leatherhead to be sold for the purposes of this act. Power to dig earth and make bricks. Expenses of this act to be paid by the trea forerof the county out of money in his bands. Actions for acting under this act not till thirty days after notice, norafter three calendar months. Defendant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and have treble costs. To be a public act.

CAP. XVIII

An act for continuing the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every Scots pint of ale, porter, or beer, brewcci for file, or vended within the town and parish of Dalkeith.

Ad 13 Geo.. C 53. recited, and further continued for ai years. This a pohltck aft.

yoi. XXXIV C cap.

18 ftnuo vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 19 — i ^1782^

CAP. XIX

An act for granting an additional bounty on ships employed in the Greea* land and whale fishery, for a limited time.

Act 11 Geo. 3. C 38. recited. An additional bounty of sot. per tonne to be paid for all British ships which shall proceed from this kingdom on the Greenland fiffiery, for five years, from the 15th of Dec. 1781, under the regulations in the recited act. Vessels, not provided with their full com plement of men, may proceed to Lerwick in Shetland, and complete the number there; provided not more than two men are wanted for every 50 tonnes burden $ and upon their return from the fishery, the men taken m at Lerwick may be seton shore there. And the raafter or owners, on producing a proper certificate, Ac. to the officer at the port of arrival; and the matter or mate making oath that the men so taken on board at Lerwick, proceeded from thence on the said fishery, and continued on board during the time the ship was employed on that bulinefc, shall be intttled to the bounty granted by this act.

CAP. XX

An act to revive and further continue an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to discontinut, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallowf hogs lard, and grea(e.

Act 7 Geo. 3. C ss. recited, revived, and further continued until March5, 1785*

CAP. XXI

An act to extend so much of two acts, of the twentieth and twenty first years of his present majesty's reign, as relate to the sale of, and afoer* raining the duties upon, east-india goods, to tea, and all other goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of China, or any country within the limits of the east-india company's charter, which have been, or Ibalf, during the present hostilities, be brought into this kingdom, and condemned as prize; for equalising the duties upon, and regulating the importation of foreign snuff into this kingdom; and for preventing the importation and running of foreign fpintuous liquors, tea, and other prohibited goods, into this kingdom, in vessels fitted out and armed as privateers.

Recital of 10 Geo. 3. C 9. and 11 Geo. 3. C 5. The recited acts, so far as # they relate to goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of the East Indies, extended to tea, and all other goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of China, or other part of the East Indies, which has been, or shall be, during the present hostilities, brought into this kingdom, and condemned as prize. Recital of 11 Geo. 1. C 16. After May 1, 17*1, French snuff to pay the same duties on importation as other foreign fnuft. Foreign snuff imported after May 1, 178s. to be loose in casks, chests, or cases, each containing three hundred and fifty pounds weight of net fnuft at least, and not to bus packed in bags, or in any other packages, in such calk, chest, or case, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such fnuft as shall be imported contrary to this act, together with all the calks, chests, cases, or other package containing the same; and such snuff may be seized by any officer of the customs, and sued for, prosecuted, and disposed of in the same manner, and the officer so seizing be entitled to, and allowed the same reward as directed by the act 14 Geo. 1. C 41. for securing the duties upon tobacco. Privateers which shall be found at sea in any part of this kingdom at any diffance from the coasts thereof, having on board foreign*f u c?wr* brandy or other spirits in any vellel less than 60 galions, (except for the ot toll ltitott# ufc of the legmen on board), or tea exceeding six pounds weight, or

W.

7*2-] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III 0.22 — 24.

any other goods whatsoever, liable to forfeiture on being imported, then sot only all such goods, but also the ship or vessel on board which they shall be found, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel ro be forfeited, and the same may be carried and delivered into the care and custody of the collector and comptroller of his Majesty Ycuftoros, at any port in this kingdom, which shall be nearest to the place where focfa ship or vessel shall be found, and the same may be seized, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of, by such ways and rules, and in such manner and form, as fpch vessels and goods would be liable to by any law in force if the same bad been found, within the limits of any port of this kingdom j and the letters of mark or general reprizal, or any other coomiiffion granted for such ship or vessel, to be null and void.

An act for better securing the duties payable by virtue of an act of the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne, on the importation of coals, culm, and cinder, into the port of great Yarmouth, in the oounty of Norfolk.

Act 5 Annx, C 7. recited. After Tone 1, 178s, the importers of coals, calm and cinders, into the port of Great Yarmouth, shall, previous to the dearing of the ship at the custombouse, deliver to the water bailiff a signed account of the names of the owners, C upon oath. Any freeman of the corporation importing coals, CC (hau deliver to the water bailiff, at his office, an account, on oath, of the quantity thereof. On default, the ftme dories shall be paid as for coals, C the property of non freemen. If any freeman, being owner of any ship, cor the importer of coals, e. 00 hn own account, shall not within the time limited, but afterwards deliver such account, on oath, as aforesaid, or if he resides at a distance, or through infirmity or otherwise, cannot conveniently attend, may verify the said account by affidavit before a justice of the peace, and in either case the whole doties paid to be returned, provided the (hipmalter have given in an account on oath as before directed., Persons swearing falsely to be deemed guilty of perjury. Public act.

An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papiits, and for relief of protestant purchasers.

Act 3 Geo. 1. C it. recited. 16 Geo. ic. 4* 3, 6, 9, it, is, 16, 19, si,8, ji A 33 Geo. a. and 1, 4, 7, is, 14, 17 & 18 Geo.3. also recited. Deeds and willsof papists, C made (ince Sept. 19, 1717, to be good in law, if enrolled before Sept. 1, 1781. This act not to extend to deedi, C the validity whereof has been brought in question before Jan 1, 1781. Pnrrhafes made by protestants not to be avoided, on account of the title deeds not baring been enrolied, Ac. This act not to make good any grant of the right of prefcnution to any benefice, Ac. in trust for any papist.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eignty* two.

CAP. XXII

CAP. XXIII

- CAP. XXIV

C A PL

20

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 25. [1782.

Preamble.

CAP. XXV

An at! to prohibit the ransoming of ships or vessels captured from his Majesty's subjects, and of the merchandise or goods ou board fetch ships or vessels.

WHEREAS it is a common praflice3 when ships or vessels are captured by the King's enemiesy or by other persons committing acts of hostilities, for persons to agree with the captors for ransom of the same; and for Iscaring the Jlipulated ransom not only to give boflogesy but also to bind themfelvesy or the owners, for the payment thereof: and whereas the practice of ransoming is sounds by expert ence3 to be liable to great abujesy and there is reason to apprehend that; upon the wholly it operates more to the disadvantage than for the benefit of his Majesty's subjefis: may it therefore please your majeay that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the first day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall not be lawful for any of his majesty's. subjects to ransom, or to enter into any contract or agreement for ransoming any ship or vessel belonging to any of his maje fly's subjects, or any merchandise or goods on board the same, which shall be captured by the subjects of any Hate at war with his Majesty, or by any persons committing hostilities against his majesty's subjects.

II And be it further enacted. That all contracts and agreements which shall be entered into, and all bills, notes, and other conl^a^v8l^ien, ^ecur*t*es9 which shall be given by any person or persons for ran con ra so fom of any such ship or vessel, or of any merchandise or goods on board the same, contrary to this act, shall be absolutely void in law, and of no effect whatsoever.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, after the said first day of.. jnncy one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, ransom, or

co^trfdingto enter nt any contract or agreement for ransoming, any such ransom, any ship or vessel, or any merchandise or goods on board the same, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, in any of his majesty's courts of record at ivefiminflery in which action no effoin, protection imparlance, or wager of law, shall be allowed.

IV Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any contract or agreement which shall be entered into, or any bill, note, or other security, which shall be given, by any master of a captured ship or vessel, or by any other person or persons on board or belonging Jo the same, for ransom thereof,

r or

After June i, 1781, yefleis, C captured by the enemy not to be ransomed.

All contracts made, and fe

contrary to this act, to be void.

Penalty on persons ran

ship, C contrary to this act.

Limitation of this act.

21

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III 0, 26, 27.

or of any merchandise of goods on board such ship or vessel; or to inflict any penalty upon any mailer of any captured ship orvciflej, or any other person or persons on board or belonging to the same, for ransoming, or entering into any contract or agreement for ransoming, such ship or vessel, or any merchandizes or goods on board the same, until after the expiration of two months from the pafllng of this act, for any ship or vessel sailing from any foreign European port; or until after the expiration of four months from the passing of this all, for any ship or vessel falling from any foreign port out of Europe,

CAP. XXVI

in oil for providing quarters for certain foreign troops, lately employed in his Majestfs service in the defence of the island of Minorca, and expefied to arrive soon in this kingdom, for a limited time.

WHEREAS certain foreigp troops, lately employed in his Preamble.

Majesty's service in the defence of the island of Minorca, are txpeiled to arrive soon in this kingdom, and it is necessary. quarters jbsuld be provided for such troops during their stay in Great Britain; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That the said foreign troops shall and may. Certain so during their continuance here, be quartered, and be received and provided for in quarters, in the same manner, to all intents and cchnriiede^" purposes, as the British troops now are; and that the billetting, fence of mi quartering, receiving, and providing for, such foreign troops, in norca, to be the manner aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to have been, ^5^ hcrc and to be legal, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purposes*0^ whatsoever.

II Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this all shall continue in force for six months Continuance from the time of the arrival of such troops, and thence till ofthl5. twenty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXVII

An act for the more cafy and speedy recovery of small debts within the city of Kochcfter, and the parishes of Strood, Frindfbury, Cobham,

Snome, Higham, Clisse, Cooling, High Halstow, Chalk, Hoo, Burham,

Wouldham, Hailing, Cuxstone, Chatham, and Gillingham, and the ville of Sheeraeli, in the county of Kent.

Commissiooers; to hear and finally determine all causes for the recovery of ill debts contracted within the city of Rochester, and the several pa rifhet and the ville before mentioned, above the ium of two Shillings and under the sum of forty Shillings, and are conftitmed a court of justice by the name and style of The Court of Requests in the city of Rochester. New com million er to be appointed in the room of those who shall die, or be cweo one of^the assistants of the city of Rochester, or shall cease to be a householder, or remove out of the parish wherein he resided at the time of

c1 appoint

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C [1781.

appointment, or refuse or neglect to ad at a commissioner for a year, at*yeftry of the parish, for which such commissioner was appointed, to be b olden in Rafter week then next following 5 and such appointment to bin writing under the hands of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish, present at the time of such election, and certified to the commissioners at their then next court $ but in default of such el&hon or certificate, the commissioners, or any three or more may appoint an other person, being an inhabitant, householder, and resident in such parish. Qualification of commissioners to be an inhabitant, householder, and resident within the said city, or in the several parishes of St. Nicholas, St. Margaret, Sirood, Frindfbury, Chatham and Gillingham, and III the actual pi (Tcfiion and enjoyment of a real estate of the clear yearly value of 30i. above reprizes, or shall be poftefted of a personal eft ate to the amount or value of 500i and also to take the following oath.

I A. 8. do swear, That I will impartially and boneftly, according to the best of my judgement, hear and determine all such matters and cauiet as shall be brought before me, as a commissioner, by virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty second year of the reign of King George the Third, for the more easy and speedy recovery of (mail debts, within the city of Rochester, and the parithes of Strood, Frindfbury, Cobbam, fihorne, Higbam, Clisse, Cooling, High Halstow, Chalk, Hoo, Burham, Wouldham, Hailing, Cuxstone, Chatham and Gillingham, and the ville of sheern iis, in the county of Kent, without favour or affection to any of the parties.

So help me GOD.

To be administered by the clerk or deputy clerk to the said court, or any one of the commissioners, and a memorial thereof to be entered by the clerk in the register of the court. Persont acting not being qualified, to forfeit and pay for every offence sol. to any person who shall sue for the same, in any court of record, and the defendant is to prove his qualification or pay the penalty, without further proof by the prosecutor than that he aftrd as a commissioner. Commissioners or any three or more of theot to hold courts at the guildhall of Rochester on the second Friday in every month for ever, and may hear and finally determine all causes for the re. covery of debts contrasted within the said city, parishes and ville, as shall be under the sum of 40 s. and above the sum of as. and to make such orders and decrees, and pronounce such judgements, and to award execution thereupon with coifs, against the body or goods and chattels of all persons against whom they shall make fudi orders and decrees, as to any three or more of the commissioners shall appear justin law, equity and good conscience. Commissioners to hold special quaiterly meetings at t e laid guildhall on the first Wednesday after Midsummer day, the first Tuesday after michaelmas day, the first Tuesday after chrittmas day, and the first Tuesday after ladyday yearly, which may be adjourned to any time and place in the said city, not exceeding 14 days. Commissioners may make rules and orders for regulating their proceedings conformable to the directions of this act, but not to increase or lessen the fees. Calling vote to be given by the mayor. See. or senior commissioner. George Gates, gentleman, the present town clerk, being an innhabitant, houteholder, and resident within the said city, appointed clerk of the said court Richard Mizzen and Ifiac Mizzen (being inhabitants of the said city) appointed sergeants of the said court, all during their good behaviour; and the commissioners may at their first or any subsequent court appoint a deputy clerk (being an inhabitant of the said city). Commissioners to appoint new officers on death or resignation, or removal out of the city of any of the former. Deputy clerk to be approved of by the clerk. Courts may suspend sergeants for raifbehaviour. Commissioners to hear and determine upon complaints against their officers, at special meetings. List of the commissioners to be put up in the court. Clerk to enter the decrees of the court in a book. Eight commissioners to be summoned to attend upon every court day. Commissioners not summoned, may attend.

ifi2.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 27.'

All the commissioners to be summoned to attend monthly meetings at which any officer is to be chosen, and at quarterly meetings, and to have six days notice. A sufficient number not attending, the court to be adjourned to the next court or meeting. Mode of proceeding for recovery of debts of more than % s. and under 40 sto be by summons, to be served by the serjeant on the debtor personally, or by leaving the same at his place of abode, fire, within the limits aforesaid, seven dap before the return. On proof of the service of the summons, the commissioners may make inquiry cooceming the demand, and pronounce final sentence or judgement, and mike such interlocutory or final orders and decrees touching the same, and the costs of suit, as shall appear to be agreeable to justice, equity, and good conscience. This a shall not extend to debts for rent upon lease or contra, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real contract, nor to any debt that shall anse upon or by reason of any cause concerning any lafc will or matrimonial contra, or the breach thereof, or anything properry belonging to the ecclesiastical court s nor to any money won at or by any borfe race, cock match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play 2 nor to any forfeiture upon any penal itatute 01 bye laws nor to any debt for the payment whereof there mall not have been a contra, acknowledgment, undertaking or promise, within six years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debt shall not amount to 40 s. On nonappearance of the defendant, the commissionera to proceed exparte the plaintiff on props of the service of the summons. Plaintiff not appearing, or not efubhfhin* hit debt, to pay costs, to be recovered as other debts and costs, by orsn* of the commissioners. Commissionera empowered to administer oaths to the parties and witnesses. Penalty on wilful perjury, the same as in other cases of perjury. Commissionera may award execution against body pr goods: and the clerk or deputy may issue a precept by virtue whereof the Sergeants may apprehend the party within the limits, and convey him to the common gaol of the said city for the reception of debtors, there to remain till the decree or order De performed) but not looser than one calendar month, nor left than (even days; and such ira pritoaraent to be deemed a full discharge and extinguifhmont of the debt and colts. And the sergeants on precept issued upon the execution awarded against the goods of any suck party, may levy by distress and sale of the goods of such party, within the limits of this a, such sura of money and costs as shall be ordered and decreed s and in case the party absconds, or (Secrets or removes his goods, or otherwise prevents or evades the service or esse of such execution, and proof thereof made by the said sergeant or other credible witness, (but not otherwise) the commissioners may at their discretion a ward execution against body or goods dll the plaintiff is paid and satisfied. Court may order debts to be paid by instalments. On execution clerk to endorse the debt and costs t and if the defendant before a#ual sale of his goods, or before apprehended or his terra of imprisonment not expired, pay or tender to the clerk or his deputy, the debt and costs, and one shilling more for his trouble of paying the same to the plaintiff and entering acknowledgment of fatitfa#ion, and also two shilling for gaol fees (if in custody) the execudon to be superseded, and the body and goods diicharged. Commissioners may suspend or supersede proceedings, where the defendant, by sickness or poverty, may be incapable of paying the debt. Sergeant tattering an escape, See. by neglect, to pay debt and costs. Gaolers to receive persons committed. Creditors to allow 3 d. a day to debtors while in prison. Penalty on not obeying a fiibpoena, to testity served four days before return, and oath nude that he was a material witness, or refuting to give evidence, may be fined four Shillings, to be recovered as other debts, but not to be committed for more tharn two days. Fees to be taken by the officers.

Fees to be taken by the Clerk

For entering every cause, twopence.

Foriffuing every summons, fourpence.

C Fa

Ik

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III c.28. [1782.1

For every hearing or trial, twopence.

For (Wearing every witneis, plaintiff or defendant, twopence.

For every nonsuit, and entering the same, ten pence.

For every attachment for the defendant's not appearing, ten pence

For every execution, one shilling.

For every acknowledgment of satisfaction, (ixpence.

For every iubpoena, threepence.

For the payment of money into courts (ixpence.

For every order, threepence.

For entering thereof, threepence.

For every warrant of commitment, (ixpence.

For searching the books, twopence.

By the Sergeants.

For serving every summons or subpoena, fourpence.

For calling every witness before the court, one penny.

For calling the plaintiff or defendant before the court, twopence.

For every execution against body or goods, one shilling.

For every commitment for iqfults or mifbchaviour in the court, one shilling

By the gaoler

For every commitment, two Shillings.

Table of fees to be hung up in the courthouse. Whole fees in any cause - to 6 s. 11 d. to the clerk, and 3 s. 11 d. to the sergeants, though such.. may amount to more by the table. Penalty on officers taking greater fees, not more than 51, nor less than 40 s. To be applied either to the relief of debtors in gaol, or to be paid to the overseers of the poor where the person forfeiting shall reiide, to be recovered as other debts s and such offence to be deemed a misbehaviour. Deputy clerk to have half the clerk's sees, or 13 s. 4d. for each day's attendance, and no more. No commissioner or officer to act where interested, or who shall sell ale, C by retail. No attorney to be a commissioner, or entitled to any privileges in this court, or employ ed as an advocate. Persons insulting the court to be fined, not more than 20 s. to the poor of the parish wherein the person shall reside ho committed the offence, and in default of payment may be committed to gaol for three days, or until payment. Copy of the foregoing clause to be hung up in the court. No debt under 40 s. and upwards of % s. to be sued for in any other court; except the said court of requests, and the court of portmote after mentioned. Saving the rights of the court portmote of Rochester, constituted by charter in the fifth year of King. Charles the First, This court not to interrupt or hinder the transacting the public business of the city in the Guildhall. Limitation of actions for acting under this act, till ai days after notice thereof, nor after tender of amends, nor after 40 days after the cause of action accrues, and to be laid in the county of Kent. The defendant may plead the general issue, and may have treble cosh. Plaintiff not to produce evidence of the cause of action other than what shall be specifiea in the notice. To be a public act.

CAP. XXVIII

An act for granting an additional duty upon tobacco and snuff; for repealing certain duties payable upon the importation of brandy and arrack, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal, the

'mens of Great Britain, parliament ajembled, toward,

reiflng the neccjfary fuppliesto defray your Majesty's public expenses.

bavi

*5

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo georgii III e. 28.

have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your afa fifty the fiveral impofls and duties herein after mentioned 5 and do mfl humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflsembled, and by the authority of the same. That there shall be raised, levied, collected, From June xt and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and 178*, an act upon all tobacco which, from and after the first day of June, ditiooal one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be imported or brought into this kingdom of Great Britain, over and above tobacco small customs, subsidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, an ported) additional duty of fourpence for every pound weight avoirdu pots, and after that rate for a greater or less quantity.

II And whereas, in order to promote and encourage the menu faure of snuff in Great Britain, it is expedient that a further duty Jbculd be imposed upon foreign jnujf imported, in proportion to the said additional duty by this act granted upon tobacco; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That there shall be and of td. also raised, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and per pound o successors, for and upon all snuff which, from and after the portedf im- fakl first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty**

shall be imported or brought into this kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, an additional duty of eight pence for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for any greater or less quantity.

III And whereas by an aq, made in the eighteenth year of the Recital of an reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for encourag a 18 Car. ing of coinage, a duty of twenty billings pier tonne was imposed upon

brandy, wines, or strong waters, imported into this kingdom 5 and of ratety

in and by the additional book of rates, referred to by an act made in n Geo. 1. re

that eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the lahve to the

Fxrff, spirits called brandy are rated as follows j that is to say,

brandy of France, the tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two Dran

galions, at thirty pounds; brandy of Spain, Portugal, or Italy,

the tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two galions, at fifteen

pounds; and brandy of all other countries, not otherwise rated, the

tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two galions, at twenty pounds:

and whereas by an a SI made in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An al for afeer 7 Geo. a.

taining the duties upon arrack, and for giving further time to 14-

clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their

indentures and contra61s; it was, amongst other things, enabled,

That the same subsidies, duties, and excise, then payable upon brandy and foreign spirits imported, and no more, should be paid for arrack, imported from any of his Majeslfi colonies or territories in the East Indies, and that toe same allowance should be made on the exporta , lion thereof, as was made upon foreign brandy, or other spirits: and whereas, in order to evade payment of the duties due by law upon brandy cf France, great quantities of French brandy mixed abroad

with

26 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 2$. [178^

tvitb brandy of other countries, have been imported into this kingion from Dunkirk, and other ports in Flanders, under the denomirm tion tf/'flemifti brandy; and by reason of such mixture, and otbei. practises used by the traders therein to disguise the same, it is im> pojjible for the officers of the eujioms to ascertain the proper duties thai ought to be paid for such brandy, whereby the pulftich revenue is di minijhedy and the fair trader much injured: for remedy whereof, prom June i, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from nd after 1781, the said the first day or June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty dutiet on two, the said rates upon brandy shall be repealed, and the fev* o?bra^vamd ra duties payable upon the importation of brandy and arrack arrack, ex as herein before mentioned, (except the duties of excise, a I cept excise herein after is provided), and all former drawbacks on theexj duties) to portation thereof, shall cease, determine, and be no longet ccafe paid.

IV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, New duties to That, from and after the first day of June, one thousand fevea bepaidinstead hundred and eighty-two, in lieu and in (lead of the said formerj thereof. rates armj <jutjcs repealed by this act, there shall be raised, Ie {

vied, collected, and paid, for every tonne of brandy, or spirits usually entered under that denomination, containing two huijj dred and fifty-two galions, which shall be brought or imported into this kingdom from any place or country beyond the seas, the sum of eight pounds and eight Shillings; and for every tot of arrack, containing two hundred and fifty-two galions, which shall be brought or imported into this kingdom, the like sum of eight pounds and eight Shillings; and after those rates so^ any greater or less quantity thereof j anything in any former a or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

V And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore

New duties said, That the said respective duties herein before granted, shall iubjett to an be also subject and liable to an additional import or duty of five additional pounds per centum, in the same manner, and under the same per cent?con regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per certtumii form able to granted to his Majesty by an at, made in the nineteenth year 19 Gtfo. 3. of his reign, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty oddi

C5* tional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management

of the respective commissioners of the eujioms and excise in Great Britain.

VI And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore

Dufies to be said. That the said several and respective duties herein before paid upon granted, shall be paid down in ready money, without any dif< importation, count or allowance, upon importation, and shall be raised, le ^fcount*and vc paid, and recovered, in such manner and form,

to be under and by such ways, means, and methods, and under such pe the manage nalties and forfeitures, (except where any alteration is made by nuut of the this as the former duties payable to his Majesty upon such mofthe*1" articles respectively were raised, levied, collected, paid, and re customs. covered, as fully and effectually, to ^11 intents and purposes,

as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated

and

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo gfeorgil III C 28.7

and again ensiled in the body of this present alt; and the same

ball be under the management and direltion of the respectivo

commissioners of his majesty's customs and their officers for

the time being, and shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general

of the customs in England and shall be by him paid

(the necessary charges of raising, coilciting, and answering the

same, only excepted) into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer,

and appropriated and applied in the following man

ncrj that is to say, two pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence. How to be

part of the said duties on brandy and arrack, to the subsidy on applied

(pints; one pound and one shilling, other part thereof, to the fabfidy one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; one pound and one shilling, to the subsidy one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine; one pound and one shilling, to the coinage on spirits; and two pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence, the remainder of the said duties on brandy and arrack, together with the whole of the several additional duties of fourpence per pound weight upon tobacco, and eight pence per pound weight upon (huff, shall be paid in diftinlt and apart from all other moneys which such receiver-general shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the uses and pqrpofes in this act mentioned; and the additional impost of five pounds ftr centum, granted by this act, shall be paid in as part of the hid impost, granted by the before mentioned alt of the nineteenth year of his present majesty's reign, under the title and description of The impojl one thousand frjen hundred and seventy nine.'

VII nd be it further enalked by the authority aforesaid. That there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said last mentioned duty of two pounds twelve (hilliifgs and sixpence, being part of the duties on brqndy and arrack; and the said additional duties of fourpence per pound weight upon tobacco, and of eight pence per pound weight upon muff, hereby granted and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or alts of this session of parliament for this purpose, (and not otherwise applied), be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are direlted to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for rtijing a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establijb il a httery.

VIII And ir is hereby further enaflted by the authority aforesaid. That in lieu of the former drawbacks upon the exportation of brandy and arrack, repealed by this act, where any bandy or arrack, having paid the duties herein before granted,

1fcau

A book to ba kept in the auditor's office, in which the additional duties are to be entered

Application

thereof.

Drawbacks to be allowed on the exportation of brandy

8?

and arrack, tobacco and fauif.

This act not to alter the duties of excise upon foreign brandy, Ac.

Anno vicesimo secundo Gedrgh III C 29, 39. [1782

shall be again exported by way of merchandise, the merchant or merchants, so exporting the same, shall be repaid and allowed the following drawback; that is to say, for every tonne ot such brandy or arrack, as shall be exported to any British colony or plantation in America, the sum of seven pounds and seven Shillings; and for every tonne of such brandy or arrack, as shall be exported to any other place, where such brandy or arrack would have been legally entitled to any former drawback, the Aim of seven pounds seventeen Shillings and (ixpence; and after those rates for any greater or less quantity; and upon the exportation of such tobacco and snuff from this kingdom, t<j any part beyond the seas, as merchandise, the exporter shall be paid and allowed a drawback of all the before mentioned duties, paid upon the importation of such tobacco and snuff by virtue of this act; which said respective drawbacks or allowances shall be made in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, redactions, penalties, and forfeitures in all respectsj as any former drawback or allowance, payable out of the dutiej of customs upon the exportation of such brandy, arrack, tol bacco, or snuff, was, could, or might be paid or allowed.

IX Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to repeal, or any wise alter, any duty of excise imposed by any act or acts o( parliament now in force, upon foreign brandy, arrack, or ftrbng waters, imported into this kingdom, but such duties d\all continue to be paid and applied in the same manner, in all respects, as ifthis aft had not been mad?,

CAP. XXIX

An act for further continuing an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for exempting the city of Winchester, the county of Southampton, the town of Shrewlbury, and the county of Salop, out of the provisions of an act, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second] intituled, An act for regulating the quartering of so diers during the time of the elections of members to serve in parliament; so far as the same relates to the removal of troops during the elections of member! to (erve in parliament; for a limited time.

preamble. 10 Geo. 3. C 50. recited, further continued during the pr sent hostilities.

CAP. XXX

An act for allowing the importation of goods of the growth, produce, 01 manufacture, of the inlands ot Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montferj rat, into any ports of his Majesty's dominions in Europe or America upon payment of the Britilb plantation duties.

Goods the produce or manufacture of St. Chriltophers, Nevis, and Mont (errat, may be imported in neutral vessels, on payment of plantation duties; provided that importer make oath to the truth thereof.

CAP

i; g2.] Anno vicesimo fectindo Georgii III C 31.

29

CAP. XXXI

A off for the preventing of bribery and corruption in the election of members to serve in parliament for the borough of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

WHEREAS there was the most notorious bribery and cor Preamble.

ruption at the laji election of burgesses u serve in parliament fsr the borough of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts: and whereas pub bribery and corruption is likely to continue and be praflized in the aid borough in future, unless some means are taken to prevent the fme; in order therefore to prevent such unlawful practises for the hiture, and that the said borough may from henceforth be duly represented in parliament; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That Certain freedom henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for every holders inti faeholder, . being above the age of twenty-one years, who shall the bo have, within the hundreds or divisions of Higbworth, Cricklade* rough of itofky kingjbridgci and Malmfbury, or one or more of them, Cricklade s b the county of wiltsy a freehold of the clear yearly value of forty Shillings, to give his vote at every election of a burgess or burgesses to serve in parliament for the said borough of.

Cricklade*

II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That the right of election of a member or members to serve in Cuilomarj parliament for the said borough of Cricklade, shall be, and is yoters also, hereby declared to be, in such freeholders as aforesaid, and in, ntltled the persons who, by the custom and ullage of the said borough, hare, or shall hereafter have, a right to vote at such election j and the proper officer for the time being, to whom the return of every writ or process does belong, is hereby required to return the person or persons to serve in parliament for the said borough who shall have the major number of votes of such freeholders and other persons having a right to vote at such election; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III Provided always. That such freeholders only shall be inno freehold titled to vote as shall be duly qualified to vote at elections for «rs to vote but knights of the shire for the said county of Wilts y accor&ng to qualified to be the laws now in being for regulating county cledions. county voters.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That every such freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at any Freeholders

elession for the said borough, shall, if required by the candi to be (worn.

dates, or any of them, or any other person having a right to

vote at the said election, first take the oath, or, being one

of the people called Shaken the solemn affirmation following;

vilrlicety

Do wear, [or, being a Quaker, solemnly affirm]y That I am The oath.

freeholder in the hundreds or divisions of Highworth, Crick

lade,

50 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 3 r. [1784

lade. Staple, Maltnfbury, and Kingsbridge, or any one or mor of them, in the county of Wilts, and have a freehold ejlate consist eng of*[specifying the nature thereof

and if it consists in messuages''tenements, or tithes, i whose occupation the same are; and if in rent, the names ol the owners or poffeflors of the tenements out of which fuel rent is issuing, or of lbme of them], situate lying or being 0

in the aforesaid hundreds or divisioni or in one or more of them of the clear yearly value of forty soiling over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in respect of to same $ and that I have been in the aflual pojfession or receipt of tin rents and profits thereof for my own use above twelve cakndoi months [or, that the same came to me within the time aforesaid i defeent* marriage, marriage settlement devise or promotion to < benefice in a church, or by promotion to an office]; and that suck fret bald ejlate has not been granted or made to me fraudulently on pur pose to qualify me to give my vote j and that the place of my abode \ at in, and that I am twenty

one years of age, as I believe and that I have not been polled before at this eleflion.

Which oath, or solemn affirmation, the proper officer, to whoa the return of any writ or precept for such cledlion shall belong, 'Penalty on is hereby required to administer: and in case any freeholder, 01 committing other person taking the said oath or affirmation hereby appoint ^riwtj0n C thcrcby comh wilful perjury, and be thereof con thereof n»or if any person shall unlawfully and corruptly procurt

or suborn any freeholder or other person to take the said oatl or affirmation in order to be polied, whereby he shall commi such wilful perjury, and shall be thereof convidfeed, he and they for every such offence respectively, shall incur such penalties a are inflicted on persons .guilty of perjury, or subornation 0 perjury, in and by two acts of parliament, one made in tto fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth intituled, An act ft punishing such persons as shall procure or commit wilful perjury 0 suborn or procure any person to commit any wilful or corrupt perjury and the other, made in the second year of the reign of his lat majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the mor effectual preventing and further punishment of forgery perjury cm subornation of perjury and to make it felony to fieal bonds, notes 0 aether flturities for payment of money, contrary to the said acts.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid ttow officer That such proper officer, to whom any writ or precept shall b to proceed on diredied for making any elediion for the said borough, shall receiving ny Upon tfoc receipt of such writ or precept, endorse upon the bad lion. C CC thereof the day of his receipt thereof, in the presence of thi party from whom he received such precept, and shall forthwitl cause public notice to be given within the said borough a Crtcklade* ard the several towns of Highworth* Malmfbury* Swi* don arid Woitqn Baffin by affixing up a notice thereof in writ ing on the market houses, or on the doors of the churches i u th

i?la.] Arnio vicesimo secundo georgii III C 32, 33. 31

fa kid towns, of the day of election; and shall proceed to election thereupon within the space of twelve days, and doc less than eight days, next after his receipt of the same accept.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, rb«t this act shall be publicly read at every election for the Th to W borough of Crickbd/, immediately after the acts directed by ^fourto'an* my act of parliament to be read thereat, and before the perfoos election.*11* present shall proceed to make such election.

CAP. XXXII

II act to revive and continue an act, passed in the sixth year of the jatgn of hit present Majesty, intituled, An act to regulate the loading of ihipa with coals in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

igeo. ] C at recited. Revived, and further continued until March J7*9-

CAP. XXXIII

faoftfer charging a lamp duty upon inland bills of exchange, pro mijjory notes, or other notes payable otherwise than upon demand.

Most gracious Sovereign,

117 E, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjefls % the com Preamble.

mens of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards rdsing, by the most easy means, the necessary applies to defray your Uajtflfs pubttek expenses, born freely and voluntarily resolved to pvt and grant unto your Majesty the several duties or sums of money am efttr mentioned and do moult humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's Ihoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confeot of fa lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present ptrliament afletnbled, and by the authority of the same. That, From Aug.?, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hun y thf fol dred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, be paid ind paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and to his n for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, jestys viz.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of For every in paper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promi(tory land bill of note, or other note payable otherwise than upon demand, shall e*change, be ingroflfcd, written, or printed, where the sum expressed"" therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to the (not payable*(am of fifty pounds, there be charged a stamp duty of three on demaod) peoce: under 50i.-

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of '; piper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promiltory twte, or other note payable otherwise than upon demand, shall 6 j p9be iogrofled, written, or printed, where the sum expressed farein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to the sum of

fifty

V

The said duties to be under the management of the cotnmif fioners of the jump duties.

All such bills and notes, not properly stamped to be invalid.

stamp bfiice to make the usual allowance on present payment of the duties.'

The said stamps may be altered.

Penalty on counterfeiting any (lamps dh e&cd to be used by this act.

Anno vicesimo fccuhdo georgii III C 35; [4 781

fifty pounds or upwards, there be charged a lamp duty of fu pence.

II And be it further enacted, That, for the better and mof effectual levying and' collecting the said duties herein befer granted, the same shall be under the care and management^the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage tft duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; fie which purpose they, er the major part of them, are hefeby quired and empowered to employ the necessary officeri uneft them, and to use and provide such (lamps to denote the fai several duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do kl other things necessary to be done for putting this act irv txca tion, with relation to the said duties herein befote grantcdv I the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the nrfe

)or part of them, are authorised to put in execution any form aw concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III And for bettor feturing the said stamp duties hereby impofik be it further enabled. That all vellum, parchment, afid papdr upon which any such bill of exchange, promissory note, 6 other note payable otherwise than upon demand, shall be its grofled, written, or printed, shall, before the same shall be in grofled, written, or printed, be brought to the head office so (lamping and marking of vellum, parchment, and paper; ani the said commissioners, by themselves or their officers, shall from time to time (lamp or mark, as this all directs, any quan tides of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon payment of tin said 'duty 5 the said duty to be paid by the person or perfort giving such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, a aforesaid; and if any such bill of exchange, promissory note, oj other note, so hereby directed to be stamped, shall not be mark ed or stamped as by this act is directed, or shall be marked 01 stamped for a lower duty than as aforesaid, no such bill of ex change, promissory note, or other note, shall be pleaded 01 given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to bl good or available in law or equity.

IV And be it further enacted. That the same allowance shall be made on present payment of the several duties granted by this act, in such manner as by any former law relating tc stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, is directed and al lowed.

V And be it further enacted, That such (lamps as the fai< commissioners are hereby directed and authorised to provid and use, shall and may be altered and Tenewed in such man as any other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, b any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or pa per, directed to be altered and renewed.

VI And be it further enacted, That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or proctire to be counterfeited or forged, an (lamp or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this adr so the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted, with a

inter)

33

i ant»iaeebdmkcaaiook6mgji 111. C s3

iaffcnt to dtfraud his Majdto, his heirs and successors of any tfthe said duties i or shall fraudulently use any damp or mark, directed or allowed to be ufod by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or facceflofrs; of any of the said da ties; efr shall otter, verid, or sell, 'afnry vellum, parchment, or paper,liable to the said duties, with such counterfeit mark or inprdgon thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit; to every such person so offending, and being thereof lawfully tonvided, shall be adjudged a felonf, and shall suffer death as is cades of felony without.benefit of clergy.

VII And be it further eluded. That all powers, provisions, strides; dailies, distributions of penahies and forfeitures, and all otter matters and things pfrefcribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament, relating to the stamp duties on veto, parchment and paper shall be of full force and effect with relation to the duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and pot tooppution for the rafsing, levying, collecting, and ficonng, the ffid new duties hereby imposed, according to the ttse kuent ahd meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the feriie had several iy and respectivety beeft hereby enacted With relation tof the said new duties hereby im

Vllf. And be it Either toacted, That the several rates and Attics heretn befbre granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the bands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the feyenri duties imposed by this act and pay such duties (the necessary charges of rais mg, paying, and accounting for the same being deduded) into die receipt of the exchequer, for the use and purposes in this act mentioned, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid.

IX And be it further enacted. That there shall be provided tod kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer; a book of books; in which all the moneys arising from the hid several duties imposed by this act, and paid into the said veceipt as aforefsrid, shall her entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable td hi Majesty, his heirs and fuc ceffoss, 'upon any account what foe Ver; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exehequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such Other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be, granted by any id or acts of this session of parliament for this pwptffe, oe a fund for the payment of the several and respective rnmudes, and all such other charges and expenses, as are di ceded to be mud and payable pursuant to an act of this prefect session of parbament, intituled, An act for raising a attain sum of mm tf wag of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

X And be it further enacted. That if any person or persons Hull, at any time or times, be sued, molefted, or prosecuted, hr my thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of

Voi. KXXIV. D this

All former provisions and

fpenalties rearing to the stamp duties shall be in force in levying, Sic. the present duties.

Duties to bt paid to the receiver-general, and by him paid into the exchequer.

Auditor of the exchequer to keep a separate account of the moneys produced by this act.

Application

thereof.

Persons sued for executing this act, may plead the general issue.

34-

and recover tieblc costs.

J

Anno vicesimo ftcundo Georgii III. C 34* 3$; [! 782;

this a ft, or of any clauie* mritter, or thibg, herein contained, such person and perforin shall and may plead the gehetatifiuc, and give the fpocial matter in evifietite for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdi shall pnfe sat the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfaited, then such defendant or defendants ibali have treble oofle awarded to him or them, against such plaintiff or plaintifi*

CAP. XXXIV

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loan or exchequer bhh, for the service of the year one thousand faren hundred aid eig^htyitwoj and for cenfolidating certain annuities, which vtpre miatjoyt feiatj dock by an act made in the thirty fuft year of the reign of hn late oa jetty King George the Second, with certain annuities confdlida$ed by several acts, made in the twfenty fifth, twenty djghth, twriftv frinth, thirty firth thirty second, and thirty third years oftbc reign of hb hid late Majesty, and several subsequent acts; ., t.,

Commissioners of the tree fury may raise 1, 500, 0061. by loans 3hd fctchfc quer bills, before Jan. 5, 17(3; in like manner as is pffeferibed by the hurt tax act of this feflioft, concerning loans, C The chnifes, te. in the &kd! a ft relating to loans or exchequer bills, (except such as charge, th same on the taxes granted by the fold aft, or limit the rate of interest of money on credit of the same aft, and as aftermentioned), extended to this a Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged befort April 6* 17b3. Astron not to lie for inch rsfufal. Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of the next fupptiesi and if Sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1783, to be charged on the sinking fund. Moneys (o issued to be replaced out of the first up plies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said firm on the credit of this act; an act y St 0 Guk Sc Marise notwithstanding. Redtal o( 31 Geo. a. C ft. The sum of 4, 50010001. (htu» from July 5, 178s, with the consent of the proprietory be added to the 3 percent, centals. Proprietors, who shall not signify their diflent before June 6, 1782, shall be deemed to assent thereto.

CAP. XXXV

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlesex; and for providing a proper workbbule and burial ground for the nfe of the said parish and for opening certain communications, and making certain ftreeu within the said pai iih.

The reftor, curate, churchwardens, and bvierfters of the poor for th time being, and other ttuftecs appointed. Qn death, refusal oregle£ to act for tix months, or removing out of the parish, or being reuderedin capable, the reftor, curate, churchwardens, overseers of the poor an veftiymen, qualified as attermentioned, at the next annual efeftrwi 0 parish officers, may choose by bailot, or otherttifc, 'other troftteet to^be in vetted with the same power as the former. Meetings of trusteea tube II fourteen days after parting the act, and may adjoqrn therofelyes.to aoj time and place, and meet as they think proper, and any five Or mon lhay aft. Adjournment (if not a fuffirient'ttdrhber of trustees) by tnlftei prewnt or the desk; On three days notiefe on the hardi dbdti to he bo xbore than ten days nemtaftor. Tmftets foafl defray their afqi exprncfct Qualification of truttees, to be proprietor or occupier of an nr oath tenement, charged to the relict of the poor, at the rent of fifteen bounds or more, which hath been paid, and to be capable of acting XV veftty naan, to bold or occupy an house, or otbar tenement, dhargto at yo I. pe sum. to the poor, and having paid thi last rate; Trustcts not to act whe : 'o ...; int*eftfc<i

!$*$ ^totic^f)9; secundo gag&ail IU, c<35*. < % '

jottfetwk igftutjubwa, ^ifij incapable of a$ing as mifte«svt tru£w naflapfwmtf chtckfecqjle&ors, Uirvfyors, and other officer, aiirven or more trustees may think proper, who may remove such ofli nrik pteriore, andfeiow them fahuries. All persons to pay their rates to the coue&ort* and the treasurer to keep diftin# accounts of money re eared, and pay money a five or more trustees shall older $ and account recta year, oroftener, and pay the balance, a the trustees ball directi Aid in default be liable to such penalties as Ovtrfeers of the poor in such cries. Mo person compellable to be collector against his will, except over jeertof the poor for the time being, who shall be obliged to collect the pors rate unlefc the trustees appoint a collector thereof. Officers to gifs security. Trustees may purchase lands, ere or repair a workhouse, red indole a burial ground; or may hire a house, or houses. Accounts to be open to inspedbon of persons paying the rates. Trustees to make fetors relating to the poor; and may contract for employing and main jutabg them, and ptmhh 'the disorderly. Persons buying, or receiving iapawn, anything belonging to the workhouse, shall forfeit 40 s. fur afcnre* C vetted ut tbeeruftees^wbo may bring anions or prefer indicants in qafe the fiuna are injured, dec. Persons wandering, or begging, sap be sent to the. workhouse. Trustees to make rate, for relief of the poori and may take nodes of the land tax. books. Owners of tenements several persons liable to the rates, gates to be allowed by two jritiees, and may be recovered, as directed by 4? Eliz. Churchwardens, defers, and colle&ort, shall account and pay moneys to the trustees and «fedr treasurer 5 and on default may be committed to the county gaol till fmad oecompounded with the trustees. Laws relating to the poor to conferee in force. No poors rate to be made contrary to this at, Occupiers of tenements to pay rates for the time they occupy only. Inhabitants allowed to give evidence. Notice to be given of vtftry meetings in the cfanrcb on the Lord's day preceding, on'petolty of aos. on every neglect; to be recovered as other forfeitures by this action complaint of churchwardens, or overffcers of the poor. Utility of opening certain com muni ca fittff, by making and opening ftrtfets across certain fields or gardens, and through black horse Yard; and from thence across Upper East Smithfield lato saltpetre bank, and from nightingale lane into virginia street.

Trustees empowered to purchase buildings and lands, and make and open streets. Persons under incapacities empowered to make conveyances. In case the parties refuse to treat. C the value to be settled by a jury.

Jarors may be challenged. Witnesses may be examined on oath. ver d&of jury, C to be final. On payment of the money conveyances to be made. In case such conveyances arc not made, or the parties cannot wiset their titles, the money shall be paid into the bank, subject to.the Wort of chancery. Verdidb and judgements to be registered, and the lands vested in the trustees. Money may be vested in government securities, for the benefit of the persons in titled thereto. If purchase moneys be wtpaid within three months, verdict, Sec, not binding. Purchase money to be laid out in the purchase of other lands settled to the same uses.

Conveyances of femes covert by bargain and fake acknowledged, and in rolled in the rrgifter office of Middlesex in six months, as effectual as a fine trrecovery. Trustees may reconvey such parts of lands purchased, as are not necessary for the purposes of this act. Trustees may contract for works to be done, and may support actions for breach of contradis, and nay employ workmen, C The trustees to make rates to defray the charges of making communications. Rates to be collected half yearly, feritener, and recovered. Distresses may be made in other pari/hes or mwhs. Trustees may compound with owners of houses, under 101. ferxdb. for not less than two thirds. Empty houses, Sec. to be rated but ree»thtrd* How publish buildings, wake grounds, C shall be assessed at lot more than 6d. per square yard. Such rates to be recovered by attoabi the name of the collector. No action to abate on account of thi math of the treasurer or a collc&or. Occupiers liable to payment of rates and arrears thereof while houses remained unoccupied; to be dedudted their rent Rates to be recovered from persons quitting their Da'tenements

$6 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii Ifl. C 3d, 37. [1782;

tenementsbydiftrefsand falc, under a justice's warrant, who may ai(bor* der costs. Rates may be reduced on account of poverty, dec. Agreements between landlords and tenants not to be impeached. Additional rates to make good moneys lost by collectors. Trustees may aft as joftioes. Trustees may borrow money at legal interest, or on annuities! not ex seeding 1, 5001. upon the rates; and at interest 4, 000!. on the new intended streets, ana alfign the rates as a security, at legal or left interest, payable half yearly. Annuities at 10 percent, and charged on the rates, and deemed indefeasible estates, not chargeable to the land tea. Receipts and orders for payment to be (igned and given to the contributors. Annuities may be assigned toties auoties. Rates t6 be lowered as annuitants die off. All moneys raised to be veiled in the trustees. is pences of passing this act to be first paid. Trustees may compound for penalties and forfeitures) but such mitigation not to extend to more thaw One moiety thereof. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diftvufs and sale or goods, or commitment to gaol! for not more than two months, nor left than fourteen days, unless tooner paid. Persons aggrieved m*f appeal to the quarter sessions) giving ten days notice. Rates to be altered only in the particulars complained of. Trustees may reward informers. Justices empowered to administer oaths. Writings to be Without stamps. Orders and accounts to be entered in books. Procedfiaci not to be ouaftied for want of form, nor removed by certiorari. oimm not to be deemed illegal for want of form only. Plaintiff nor to wfeoouf after tender of amends. Limitation of aftkms sot acting under this wft* not till ten days notice, nor after tender of amends, nor tfrer three calendar months. The defendant may plead the general ifltfe, and have treble costs. To be a pubtick aft.

CAP. XXXVI

An act for raising a farther sum of money, by loans or exchequer hqlft for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty two

coromufioners of the treasury may raise 1, 900, 000). by loans and exchequer bills before Jan. the 5th, 1783, in manner as by.the land tax act of this session is prescribed, See, The daufes in the said act relating to loans or bills, (except such as charge the same on the taxes granted thereby and limit the rate of interest as aftermentioned), extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1783. Action not to lie for such rehftl, Money so raised to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid 3 and a fufneient (implies be not granted before July 5, 1783, to be charged on fhc sinking fund. Moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first fuppfict. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit or this act 3 the act 5 & 6 Gul. & Maris notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVII

An act for the more easy and tweedy recovery of small debts within the parishes of Brofeley, Benthall, Maaeley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wen lock, and Dawley, and an extra parochial place called Polnall, in the county of Salop.

Couimissioners conftihited a court of justice, by the name and style of the Court of Requests for the parishes of Brofeley, Benthall, Madeley, bar row, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, and an extraparo chial place called Pofnall, in the county of Salop, and ftven, or more of them, may aft, and to meet at Brofeley every Tuesday fortnight, except christmas day, which if on a Tuesday, the court to be held the next pri ceding day. For want'of a Aifficient number to act, the court to be adjourned to another day. Power of the commissioners to hear and determine all ftfch causes and matters of debt as shall be brought before them '. as

Anno vicesimo lecundo Georgii III C 37.'

s afttementioiied, and to give such judgement, and to make such inter locasory tod final orders and decrees, and to award such execution with, cots, both against bodies, goods and chattels, of ail persons against whom tbs? hall gi?c or make lucb judgement, order, or decree, as to them fall hem just and most agreeable to equity and good conferences and if the commissioners be equally divided in opinion, him that is first upon tbs lit to have the eating voice. Election of commissioners, in case of desdi, refufel, or nagleft, to act for twelve calendar months, to be at*facial meeting of nine or more commissioners (not on a court day), by a ajorky. Clerk and fiojeant appointed, who are respectively to continue lb bog as they behave themselves well in their reipeftive offices. Vic tiaikrs net to bold any place of profit. Election of clerk and sergeant, on vacancy by death, rtfignarion, misbehaviour, or neglect of duty, by a amritoof commissiooers at a meeting for that purpose. Clerk to fix a fit of the commissioners in the court house, and to issue summonses, sad regiferorders. Sergeant to serve precepts. Persons may sue for debu oder 4#*. Procefe shall issue by summons in writing, directed to the debwr, ifacifjfojg the sum demanded, the name of the demandant, and requiring the debtor to appear at a certain time and place, before the esaoufimners, to aaswer such demand a which shall be (erved by the fer jpat yerfboally, or by leaving at his place of abode within the limits of tbs court. If the debtor, on being (erved with the summons, shall

Sthe debt and sees, all proceedings mall Hop. Commissioners may rete proceedings of the court, and administer oaths. Commissioners, oq son appearance of defendant, may proceed ex parts and on nonappearance of the plaintiff, or not making proof of his debt, may award con) and may award execution, and commit the party to the prison to be provided at Brofely, till performance of order, judgement or decree, but not for more than six weeks. And on execution awarded against foods, the sergeant may diftrmn (within the limits of the court), and fell tbs sane, ana levy the debt and costs thereby. And if the party absconds, or removes his goods, to evade such execution, on proof by the sergeant, or oot witaeft, may award execution against body or goods, till the plaintiff is feqynaid and fetisfied. Court may order debts to be oaid by inftal meots, ic. On execution, clerk to endorse debt and costs. Execution fall be feperfeded, if the defendant, befbre actual fele of goods or impri* burnt, or before expiration of the time of imprisonment, pay or tender to the clerk the debt and cots, with i s. for the clerk's trouble, and entering scknowledgement of (atisfaction, and also as. (if in prison) for ponces. Sergeant fuffiering an efeape, or goods to be removed! to pay debt and cots. Ho attorney or fotidtor to plead or have privilege in the coprt. Qabfication of commissioners, to be in possession of sol. per ann. in lands, teoesksts, or hereditaments, or 400 U persontl estate. Acting without lucb qualification 50u penally. Commissioners to be sworn as follows 1

1

I A. B. do swear, (or affirm, as the case may be). That I will faithfully, isipsrtiaily, and boneftly, according to the best of my judgement, bear and determine all such matters and causes as shall be brought before me by virtue of an act of parliament, for the more cafy and fjwedy recovery of feull debu within the parishes of Brofeley, Bentball, Madeley, bar row, Xinley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, and an extra parochial place casted Pofnall, in the county of Salop, without favour or afieftton, prejudice or malice, to either party 1

So help me GOD,

Fees to be taken.

To the Clerk, for catering every canse, sixpence 1 For iflaiag every him mom, sixpence:

For every fubposna, sixpences

For calling every plaintiff or defendant before the court, threepence:

For every nearing or trial, sixpence:

F bearing every witness, plaintiff, or defendant, threepence:

For every order, judgement, or decree, sixpence 1

For a aeafuit, sixpence 1

ogle

fecunclo geolton HI. d. 37.' [v782.

Fbr every search in the books, threepence:

For paying money into court, sixpence; if by instalments, sixpence intba pound more:

For taking money out of court, and acknowledging satisfaction in tbs V clerk's bocks, fixp nee:

For every attachment, sixpence

every execution, sixpence:

For every warrant of commitment for an assault, insult, or misbehaviour in the court, or to the commissionets, clerk, or other officer of the same, one shilling.

To the Sergeant.

for the service of every summons, order, or fubpeena, if within the town and parish of Brofeley or Benthail, and attending the court witii the return thereof, threepence $ if out of either of the said towns and parishes, one penny more for every mile from the court hoose, (the distance to be alcertaimd by any (even or more of the said commit fioners):

For calling every plaintiff or defendant before the court, one penny:

For executing every attachment, execution, or warrant, againfc the body or goods, within the said town and partfiof Brofeley or Benthad, one. shilling if out of either of the said towns and parishes, three penes more for every miles For carrying every plaintiff, defendant, or delinquent to prison, if appro'bent within the said town of Brofeley or Benthail, one shilling; and if apprehended out of the said towns, throe pence more for every mile.

Table of fees to be hung up in the court>house. Nine commissionert, oaten days notice affixed on thedeor of the court hoofe* may lefien the sees not more than one half, and raise the (ams again 09 like notice, but not more than as aforesaid. Penalty on taking or demanding greater fees or rewards, not more than 5i. and not less than 46s. to the uie of the poor (of the parish where the person paying such few or rewards shall reside, or from whom the same were demanded. Clerks and sergeants may be dlf placed. A prifou at Brofeley may be erected for fecunng pcrfofft liable to confinement, under the power contained in this act. Books, dec. vrfhd in the com min; oners. Clerk and sergeant may appoint a deputy., com inulioners not to act where interested. Perform iundting the cdurt maybe apprehended by a warrant from the commissionm* and taken before 1 justice of the peace, who, upon proof of the by oath of one wimek, suay.fine the offender not more than 49 s. jior left than 5s. to bepaif immediately to the justice, and applied as fines befbrement toned, or on default may be committed to Brofeley gaol for three calendar months, or till the fine is paid. Copy of preceding dause to beftuck of in th^edtort house. Gaoler to receive per Ions committed. Feriont committed Upon execution to be allowed da day during their confinement. No anion for debt recoverable by this a to be brought in an? other court.' 'This act (lull not extend to debts for rent upon any tease or contract where the title may come in queftiou, or bn any other real contra $ to debts by reason of any cave concerning wills, matrimony, or anything properly belonging to the ecclesiastical .court?; jarior money won at horse cock matches, or any kind of gaming or play j nor for forfeitures on penal statutes or bye laws $ nor to any debt contracted on a Sunday, (except in physic or surgery, or cases of absolute necessity) j or if no contra, acknowledgement, undertaking, or promise within six years, though under 40s. Penalty for wilful perjary tine same as in other cases by law. Penalty on disobeying the fubpeenas of the court, to give evidence; fine not more than -50s. uor, lffstuan $ $. (and if not paid immediately) to be levied by dittreis and sale of goods, by warrant of seven commi(fionerr, to be paid to the party at wffofe infiance facts*fpbpcenriftued. Writing to be without ltamps. Nothing in this a; &>£(&& court of tbcofd at Wenlock. limitation of actions, (or acting undspthisa#, not tilt twenty

cjo(5q1c

Anno vicesmo fesundo gborqh III C 38.

by* notice, or tender of sm^nda* or unleft within three calendar month, sad to belaid in the county of Salop, and not elsewhere, and the defend ant may plead the general issue, and give the (fecial matter in evidence, sad have treble costs. To be a public at.

CAP. XXXVIII

a to permit the importation of British plantation tobauo from oaj port or place either in America, or the West Indies, or in I Europe, during the present hostilities.

WHEREAS by an at of parliament, made in the twentieth year of his majesty*s reign, (entitled, An act to admit to an entry in this kingdom, under certain reftridtlons, tobacco imported not diredtiy from the place of its growth or produce, and for granting an additional duty on such tobacco, during the present hostilities), it is, amongi other things, enabled. That onj tobacco, being the growth or produce of any part of the British Sminim in America, which, during the continuance of the present hffflities, Should be bona de imported into and landed at any Bru lilh island in the West Indies, from arty island or place in America, tr the West Indies, in amity with his Majesty, his heirs, or fuc cefftrs, ball and may be imported direbtlr from such British island, and ball and may be entered and landed in this kingdom, upon the Oayment of the proper duties due thereon, under the restrictions in the faii ob mentioned: and whereas it is expedient to permit, for a // mui time, the importation of such tobacco into Great Britain direbiiy from any port or place in amity with his Majesty, either in America, or the West Indies, or in Europe: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it .enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and during the continuance of the present hostilities, it shall and may be lawful for any person to import into Great Britain, in any British ship or vefltel duly navigated, or in any neutral ship or vessel*tobacco of the growth, product or manufacture of any British colony or plantation in America, dhre&ly from any island, port, or place, in America, or the West Indies, or in Europe, in amity with his Majesty, his heirs, or successors \ such tobacco shall and may be entered and landed in any part of Great Britain, upon payment of the same duties as would be due and payable for the lame, if such tobacco had been imported from any British island or place in America, not being the island or place of the growth or such tobacco, although the same shall not be accompanied with any manifest, certificate, or other document, required by the said recited actor by any other act or acts of pareament now in force: and such tobacco shall, in all other respects not altered by this act, be subject and liable to the same fcpuritics, rules, regulations, restriction?, penalties, and forfei

D 4 lures.

09

Preamble Recital of 10 Geo.}, a. )9*

From June 14, Si, during the present hostilities, British plantation tobacco may be imported from any neutral port in America or in Europe.

4© Aono vicesimo fectmdo Georgii IQ. C 39. [178*?.

...lures, as such tobacco would be subject and liable to, if th

same had been imported diresly from any colony'or

plantation in America any law, custotn, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding... ....

A P. XXXIX

An act for granting to his Majesty additional upon salt; and

certain duties upon Glauber or Y.ptem salts, and also on mineral alkali or fax"forglass, made from salt*and to prevent frauds in

the duties on foulfait, tp b ufedin manuring of lands.

Preamble.

From ]une». 17s*. the following additional and other dutiea on salt to be paid, to hit Majesty j viz.

Most graeious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, ta commons 0 ( Great Britain, in parliamept a/temblod, towards rattling the necessary supplies to defray your public expenses, have freely ana voluntarily revived to give and grant unto your majesty the several additional t»mf a i duties on salt already rated to your Majesty; alio the (eve ral rates and duties on salt, como)oply passed glauber top Mffaeee salts, and on mineral alkali or flux for gfcft, to be made! froeg salt, hereafter mentioned; and.do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enadpd; and bp k enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advinp and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and cotumoos»- in this present parliament assembled, and by $0 authority of 1 the same. That, from and after the twenty feoond day of jttno, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, thgre shall beraif ed, levied, collected, and paid to and for tb ufeoif his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all salt already rated, oyer and above the rates and duties ppw due or payable thereon by any a or acts of parliament qow ip force, the (Several additional rates and duties, and also for and upon all salts called Glauber or Epsom salt, and alkali or. flux for glays, tnadp from salt, brine or seawater, fhc several rates and duties following; that is to say, .'.

For every For every gallon of felt, not being the prpduift os mai>ufacr

gallon of so ture of Great Britain, that shall be imported, from and after reign salt) on1 _ r.: j_ — a.. r — — j.. t. —. j L —

the fold twenty second day of June, one thousand (even bun.

*anrl oirrhtif.stun infrt onv rvart czrn/it Rtrifraim dim

id.

died and eighty two, into, any part of Great Britain, the/um of twopence halfpenqy of lawful money of Great, to be paid by the importer or importers thereof; and after that rate for a greater or letter quantity:

For evdry gallon of .salt, and rod; ialt, that, from and after the said twenty second day of June, one thousand seven hup-

-- -- -- -, eighty-two, shall be made at any salt works, or be

&c!'in>e»g, alccn oat °' ny pit or pits, irt that part of Great passed

land or walesj England, Woles, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, the fltm of id. iq. One penny farthing of like lawful money; and after that rate for a greater or letter quantity:

For

For every gallon of salt and rock

41

Forermrw

buihcl of frit t, C in Scotland, |4«

and

from

into

yd

For tiwy bond rod of Glauber frit made hi Grttt Britain,

tot.

For every to of mineral alkali, made of rock frit, C in Great Britain, toe

jr.] Anno Ticefimolecuhdo Georgii III C 39. forevery buftwl of salt that, from and after the said twenty' feeond day of Jonty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be made at any salt works, or be taken out of any yd or pits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland., the sunk of threepence of like lawful money i and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity: for every bgfhel of ult that, from and after the said twenty mod day of Jonty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, hall be imported from Scotland into England jvalts, or towov Berwick upon Tweed, the sum of seven pence of like lawful money; and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity, to be paid by the importer or importers thereof:

For every hundred weight of all salts known or called by the one of Glauber or Epfm salts, made at any salt works in Groat Brian, which, from and after the said twenty second day of Jim, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, dull be nade or produced at any salt work within the kingdom of Great Britauty'the fqm of twenty Shillings of like lawful money j and after tint rate for a greater or left quantity: linid for every tonne of mineral alkali or flux for glass, which, from sod after the said twenty second day of June, one thou had seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be made of any rock hit or salt rock, or from any brine or Tea water, in that part of cem Britain called England, Waltty and towr\ of Berwitk upon fwmd, and also in that part of Great Britain calied,

that sum of twenty Shillings of like lawful money; and after that ntehr a greater or lesser quantity, to be paid by the proprietor or proprietors, manufacturer T piaqufackurers, of such mineral alkali or dux far glass.

Which said several respective additional and other rates and du Mew duties to tin herein before granted, shall and may, from time to time, be levied and be charged, raided, received, leyi|ed? collected, recovered, secured, and paid unto his Majesty, has heirs and successors, by northeast, , the such ways and means, and under such management, and fub old duties, jest to such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and subjeck to sum allowances, repayments, drawbacks, rules, regulations, and directions, in all respects, (not otherwise directed by this act), us the present duties on share or pan by any law or statute mw in force be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, fecqred, and paid, as fully and effectually, to all interna and purposes, as if all and every the several and respective powers, authorities, iqethods, penalties, forfeitures, fines, powers of recovery, and mitigation of penalties, forfeitures, and .fines, allowances, repayments, drawbacks, rules, regulations, directions, clsuses, matters, and things, were particularly related and again enacted in tha body of this present act.

U. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho Mo per (on to ritjr aforegud, That it shall and may be lawful for any person r f person* in Great Britain to take rock salt or salt rock from 2c*for male.

any

M

Jag*ttffcwl'ilf'

ikali or flux for gwft, mitfcoat M U

eeae« <

f..

- '

v»lti

51. to be paid Mr the licence,

and an etfcry to be made of the place where the mineral alkali is to be manufactured, and the rock salt,

Jfcc. deposited.

Penalty on manufacturing mineral alkali without taking out a licence, and annually renewing the same.

Annos vicesimo fecundd Georgii III e. 39- [1782*

any rock pit, or to take any brine or seawater for the purpose of making a mineral alkali or flux for glass, upon giving seed rity in double the duty of such salt rock or rock salt, bnne or seawater; such security to be discharged upon the proprietor or manufacturer, or his agent, making oath before a neighbouring justice of peace, that all the said fair, for which such bond or bonds ytrert given, were made use of in making such mineral alkali or flux for glass, and for no other purpose whatsoever, and the ofrccr at the same time certifying his belief thereof; and that ift> person or persons whatsoever shall obtain, receive, or have any such salt, brine, or seawater, for the purpose of making mineral alkali or flux for glass therefrom, unlds Inch person or persons shall have first obtained a licence from the tommissioner* of the salt duties, or persons properly appointed dr totbortod by them for granting such licences, for making of mineral alkali or flux for glass, to be made from such (alt rock or rock hit, or from brine or seawater, as aforciaid, or from any other Materials whatever, and shall pay for such licence the lum of five pounds of like lawful money; and which licence, Upon payment thereof, the said commi(goners, or those appointed under them for that purpose, are hereby empowered and required to grant accordingly, (unless they shall see just cause to the contrary); and a!(o shall and do deliver in to such commissioners, pr at the salt office next to the place or places where the said mineral alkali or flux sot glass is intended to be made by such person or persons respectively, or to their respec* ttve places of habitation, a true and particular entry in writing, under his or their iefpe<ftive hands, containing the particular situation of the place or places, wherein not only the said mineral alkali is to be tmnufactured, but also where the same, and the rock fair br salt rock, brine or lea water, from which the same is to he made, shall be kept, stored, or deposited; and also of every storehouse, warehouse, and other place, to be in any wise used in or about the manufe&uring of such mineral alkilt os fiux for glass: and iflny person shall make or manufacture any mlneraf alkali, or flux for glass, without first taking out such Hesnee as afoteffid, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds 5 and that every person or performs, 'Who shall take oot such licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh licence ten days at least before the expiration of twelve calendar months from taking out the first licence, before he, (he, or they, da presume to mike, vend, or use any rock salt or salt rock, from any rock pit, or to take any brine or seawater for the purpose of making a mineral alkali or flux for glass, or to make any mi tieral alkali or flux for glass from rock salt or salt rock, brine ot seawater, or from any otfter materials whatever, and in, the same manner to renew 'such licence from year to yeara paying down the like sum of five pounds for each and cverj new or renewed licence, in manner before mentioned; and II any person or persons shall, after the iwenty second day oi

June

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 39.

June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, presume to make any mineral alkali or flux for glass, or to make, vend, or use, any rock salt or salt rock, from any rock pit, or to take any brine or fca water, for the purpose of making a mineral alkali or flux for glass, without first taking out fuen licence, and renewing the same yearly, in manner aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds for each offence.

III Provided also, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That no such salt rock or rock salt, as aforesaid, Salt rock. See, (hill be delivered at any of the works or pits, from which the j same shall arise or be produced, for the purpose or under any makiagmi pretext of making mineral alkali or flux for glass therefrom, or neridalkai, shall be afterwards delivered at such work or works, for the pur See. except m pole of making mineral alkali or flux for glass, or stored or de** pofired in any warehouse, (lore, or place, belonging thereto, officer or used therewith, but in the presence of some officer of salt duties attending at, or residing nearest to such salt works or pits, or alkali work or works respectively as aforesaid; and who shall Officer to respectively make and keep an entry in writing, containing the true or real weight or quantity of the salt so delivered at such q^antity^f salt works or pits, and brought in or delivered to or at such al raltfo deli kali works as aforesaid, together with the day on which the vered, C same shall be so delivered at such salt works or pits, and brought into, or delivered at such alkali work or works respectively, as aforecaid; and which entry, foto be made at such salt works or pits as aforesaid shall also contain the name of the person to whom the salt therein contained was delivered, and for the use of what work or works for the making of mineral alkali or flux for glass, and to whom belonging; and that a duplicate thereof, Ggned by the officer making the same, shall be produced and delivered to the officer attending at such alkali work or works, at the time the salt therein contained shall be brought in to be there used, ftoied, or deposited. t

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in case the salt, foto be brought in to be used, stored, or Who shall be deposited, at any such work or works, for the making of suchnfwerxblefor mineral alkali or flux for glass, shall be of less weight or quan the'quan^tity than that contained in the entry thereof at such salt work tity ofiait or salt pits, at the time of the delivery thereof there as afore brought to said, the person or persons to whose use or on whose account the said salt was so delivered, at such salt works or pits as afore work hid, shall be answerable for the same.

V And be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That in case any person or persons, io whom or on whose use l*1*00*

or account any such salt mall be delivered at any such bit ^jttt C works or pits secured as aforesaid, shall use the same, or any for any other part thereof, or any acid materials, to be. produced therefrom, purpose atter after being used in the making of such mineral alkali or flux for jr

glass as aforesaid, for any other purpose than that of making^|uaeral alkali or iluxtor glass, the person or persons so offend giafs|

ing

44

potothan malting the said »mneral alkali.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 39# [1782*

ing in the premises shall, upcp conviction thereof, forfeit or pay, for the (alt or add materials foto be used for any other purpose as aforesaid, at or after the rate of double the rates or duties imposed by this present act, or any former act or acts of parliament, on rock salt or (alt rock delivered at or fi-om any works or pits in Great Britain.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, or who shall That in case any person or persons wbomsoever (nail, under taifely procure any false or colourable pretext whatsoever, procure any such

salt to be delivered to him or them, at any such (alt works or to them^br Pits as aforesaid, and other wise than for the puipofe of being any other pur used in the making of mineral alkali or flux for glass, and (hau be convicted thereof, the person or persons so (Sending in the premises shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings, of lawful money of Great Britain, for every bushel so obtained.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the several officers of the said salt duties to enter into all and every the works, warehouses, and other places made use of by any proprietor or minufadurcr of mineral alkali or flux for glass, made from rock salt, salt rock, brine, or seawater, as aforesaid, either for the purpose of (taring or keeping the same, or of (taring or keeping any fmle» brine, or seawater, for the purpose or under colour of making the same; and that if any such proprietor or manufacturer that, from and after the said twenty second day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, upon due rcoueft or demand made by the officers for the said duties in the daytime, or in the night in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace, retufe to permit such officer to enter and come into any such works, warehouses, (tarehouses, and other places, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of forty pounds.

VIII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the aunty aforesaid. That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lay or impose any duty on such Glauhar fairs as shall be made or produced in any of the precedes of miking mineral alkali or flux for glass, at aforesaid, and which Glauber salts shall be truly and bona side expended and consumed In making such mineral alkali or flux for glass.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority afotefaief. That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to ex

Officer may enter into the warehouses, cof the nunufa&u rers of such mineral alkali.

Penalty on refu&l.

This act not to extend to ceftain Glauber salts §

nor to the mauufadure of kelp, Jcc.

made in Great rend, to the manufacture of kelp, barilla, or flux for glafe, made

Britain by the ihcineratton of plants.

New duties to be paid into the exchequer separate

in any part of Great Britain, by the incineration of marine or any other plants.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the moneys arising by the said several additional rates and duties, herein before by this act granted, shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer by the

dnti«a, and, er rcfpc<^ve commissioners for the duties on salt in England and entered accordingly.

Scotland for the time being, at such times, and in such manner.

as

Anno vicesimo secundo Osoroii III C 39. 45

as the present duties on salt are lay any law now in force dkeifted to be paid, (the necessary charges of raising, collecting, and accounting for the same, being deduced), for the uses and pnrpofcs in this act mentioned, dtftind and apart from all other mooies which such commissioners respechvely shall receive for the ofe of hit Majesty, his heirs and fucccflors; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer a book or books, in which all the moneys anting from the aforesaid rates and duties, and paid into the receipt of the exchequer ae aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from the other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, hi heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the hid money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer Application is aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and thereof, revenues, as (hah be granted by any a or alts of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fond for the payment of thefarenl annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, asaredirt&ed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present fcffidn of parliament, intituled, An act raising attrumfitm of money by way of annuities, and for a

Idttry.

XI And whereas by an act, made in the year of the reign Part of an act if his present Majesty, all soul salt, tailed by the several names of nil Geo. 3.

Grey or Screw Salt, Salt Scale, Sand Scale, or Cruftinga, or recited. ubtr soul salt traduced in the manufacturing of white, within it kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, town of Berwick upon Tweed, and to bo used in the manuring of that god

mtb a duty of four ponce a bujbel only, for the encouragement of adtorei and all persons are thereby refrained, under a certain petrify therein 'mentioned, from employing, or using or con fuming such foul fdtfor t*y other purposes whatsoever than that of manuring of land: m whereat, notwithstanding the refiriftion in the said act, abufet

art cmmtted contrary to the intent and meaning; therefore, jfroin jjune, f

sir the better and more effectually presenting any abuses ftr the, no grey

fettre, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no grey or ferow lilt, or (crow salt, salt scale, sand scale, or crustings, or other soul produced fat whatsoever, produced and to be produced at any of the salt ^ojbiineng works within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and land from the town of Berwick upon Tweed, from the manufacturing of such manofadtur white salt as aforesaid, upon, and from and after the twenty second day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, sown two, shall be removed or carried away from the works where the said work the same (hah be produced, without notice first given to the without giv. officer attending such works, or who shall reside nearest thereto; ink »

tndwithout having been first well and sufficiently mixed; in the j^rfnoririth* prtfence of such officer, at the expense and charge of the ptfr out being chsict or purchasers, or proprietor or proprietors thereof, with mixed with common chimney coal soot, in the proportion of two bulhets of foo*»* hot to one hundred bushels of such salt; and that if any person Penalty.

r persons shall prefame to remove or carry away such foul salt from the said works, without having been so mixed with soot

as

4$

Anno t&xfima fccoadd gboaqii Ill 0.40. [1781

it afoeefakl, hebe, t>r they shall; . for every such offence, forfri and pay the sum of twenty Shillings for every bufiiel of such few felt; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucccflofl and the other moiety thereof to such person. or persons whoflsjj inform.or foe for the same; .and to be recovered and levied! fttch manner and form, and. with such power of mitigation, j any fine, foifoiture, or penalty, is or may be recovered, by aj law or laws of excise, or by.action of debt, bill, plaint, or infm station, in any of his majesty's courts of reoosd at iveftm'tnflm wherein no effoio, protection, or privilege, wager of law, j more than one imparlance, shall be allowed W

, . XII And be it further enabled by the authority aforefea fotexecotinir That if any person or persons shall, at any rhyme or times, fl this act, may filed, moksted, or prefect] ted, for anything by him or the! plead the ge done or executed in patfinnoe of this act, orofanydause, mm neral iltue, er, or thing herein contained, such person and; persona shall all

may plead the general issue, and give the (pedal matter in em dence for his and their defence; and if upon the trial a verdjj shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff 4 and p^intiffs shall become nonfoited, then such defendant or defen

treble costs dants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them agaiad fitch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XL

Ah off forpunishing 'persons wilfully and aiif

woollen, silk, linen, or cotton or any implements prepared see

or used in the manufaffure thereof; end for repealing so much tf two affs, made in the twelfth year of King George the a

in the sixth year of bit present as relstes to the punishmtnt of persons defir eying any woollen or silk or any imph*

merits prepared for, or used therein.

Preamble. XI H E R E A S many violences and outrages have: been frefunt/j committed by wicked and ill disposed in defraying

manufaffures of bool, silk, linen, and attest, and the materials, toils, tackle, and aether utensils prepared for or used therein: and whereas, for the prevention of ftscb violences and outrages for the future, it is ntcessary exemplary psuufiment Should be upon fiuh offenders

may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; am) be it enacted by the king's rood excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritutl and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afieroued, and by the u psrfons enter, thority of the same. That if any person or persons shall, by day

Imoany house or ty break«**«> aa house or shop or entef foin with intent to any house or (hop, with intent to cot or deftnoy any serge or cut or daftroy other woollen goods in the loom, or soy tools employed in anfc* azrwu*n i hereof; or shall wilfully and maheiously cm or deftnoy say tools ufedtn fi forges or woollen goods in the loom, or on the rack; or tnanufaftur* shall burn, cut, or defray, any rack on which any fiieh serges ing thereof, or other woolkn goods me: banged in order to my; or dull.. - wilfully

tyst.j' aonp'vvwsimo fccundogeoftoii hiwc<4<x 4$.

wilfully and maliciously break or destroy any tools used in tta: making any .fitch fcrges or other woollen goods, not having the; content of the owner foto doj every such offender, being thereof lawfully coovicted, (half bo guilty of felony, withoi^t benefit, of clergy.

11; And be it further enacted by e authority aforesaid^tfiat or if any perfoo or persons shall, by daypr.by night, bre*k into itt

houteor (hop, or enter by force h*to any house.orlhop, with manufaaur ioteot to cut or destroy any.velvet, wrought (ilk, or silk mi^ed, ing thereof, with any other materials, or other silk manufacture, in the loom, ^*11 be <*« or any warp or fhute, tools, tackle, pr utensils; shall wilfully teloav. and aulicioufiy cut or.fieftrpy any velvet, wrought silk, or. silk. r mixed wytb any other materials, ..or, other silk manufacture, in. the loom, or any warp or (hute, (oplf, tackle, on utensils, prepared or employed in or for the snaking thereof; or shall wilfully and tnaiiciquily (break or destroy any tools, . tackle, or uteo fil^used in or for the weaving or making of any such velvet, wrought silk, or silks mixed with any other materials, or other silk goods or. silk manufacture, not having the conduit of the owner foto do every such offender, being thereof lawfully: consicted, shall be guilty of felony, without bepefit of clergy a

III And be it further enacted by. the authority, afore said, That Persons enter if any per (bn or persons shall, ., by day or by flight; break iottt, 'ns ny ho anyhoufia pr hop, or enter by. force into any houseor (hep? jnyt, aoc« with intent to cut and destroy any linen or cottqfe.pr 1 inert eittt 0r destroy any cotton mixed with any other materials, or other linen or cotton linen or cotton manufactures, in the loom, or any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, £anifa?u/f*' and utensils; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any deenvefi euiltr foen or cotton, w linen or cotton. mixed w«h any other nuk of felony. tcriab, or.other linen and oottqn'atannfa^ure, in (be loom, or

an; warp or finite, tools, .tackle, 'gnd u^nfijs, prepared for or anpldyed in the making thereof; or wufojty and. iqalici oufly break and destroy any tools, tackle, or utensils, used in or (sr the cardtng, fpihning, Weaving, preparingy oinmaklng, iti.. my wray whatever, any such linen or, cotton, or hew cotton mixed with any other materials, or other linen omconbn goods; or linen and cotton manufactures whatsoever, not having thd cedent of the owner (o to do; every such offender, being them hwfuhy convicted, shall be guilty of felony, without benefit '. - V

IV And be it fort her enacted by the authority aforesaid. That partpfugeo. (omuch of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King }» M

Gorge the Firfti, intituled, An act tt prevm unlawful combknthnt

workmen tmpiojtd imikt wethwvnanafaiiures, poj±

mat if their wages, as relates to ihe punishment of persons who '. "

(hsil, by day or by nighr, break into any house or (hop, or err..,

tyrant mtoaayhoufoor(hop, with intern to cot or defttey' »

my urgent other woollen; goods, in the loom, or any tools em 1 ' '*:

ployed in the making, thereof or shall wilfully and tmlieloufly'*

m or destroy, serges, or wooden goods in the loom oi oothe rack; or ffali bona, cat, or destroy, any rack Oh which., . any

4t Anno vicesimo secundogtoitdil III c.41;

any such fergei or other woollen goods are hanged in order to dry; or shall wilfully arid malicioufty break 6r destroy any tools u(ed in the making any such serges or other vtobllen goods, not haying the con font off the owner foto' do; (hffll be, 'arid Ur hereby repealed.

Part of 6 Gee. V And be if further ensdted by the authority dfof&aid, That

3m*» re so much of an act, made in the sixth year of this reigrii of his p*ajed" present Majesty, intituled, An 68 U prohibit the importatien of foreign wrought jius ond velvets, for limited time; etnd sir preventing unlawful tombtoatieds employed in ibtflk mdme

fabutei at relates to the ponhhnfcnt of perforis who (half, by day or by night, break into any house off (hop. Or eriter by force into any house off (hop, with intdit to Cut Off destroy any reiver, wrought silk, or fitk mixed with' any other material?, or other silk mamifadture, in the loom, or any warp or (hute, tods, tackle, or utensils; or shall wilfully arid foaliciouay Out Or destroy any velvet, wrought silk, or silk mixed vtith ahy othfef materials, or other silk manufacture, in the lob of, off any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, or utensilt, prepared or employed in or for the making thereof; or (halt wilfully arid itfaliciouliy break or destroy any tools, tackle, of utensilt, Used in of for the weaving -'or making any such velvet, wrought silks, of fifttf mixed with

any other materials, or other silk goods or silk manofadtore, not having the aeon font of the owner soso do; shall be, and it hereby repealed

cap. xl£

Ad ab for better feeutntgthe freedom of of mtmhefsio serve

id parliament, by disabling certain ofieets, employed in the collection or management ef his Adaftff s revenues, ftim firing votes at fiub ebbioas.

praambw. Tj'o R the better fettering the freedom of ebbitns of members'ta X serve in parliament, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in tbit present' parliament af promaagk t, fembled, and by the authority of the (ame. That, from'and af, 7*1, nocom ter the first day of Avptft, one thousand seven' hundred and sujfionet or eighty-two, no commifuoner, colledlor, supervisor, gauger, or gx[nt other officer or person whatsoever, concerned or employed in mdkng or the charging, collecting, levying, or managing the duties of ex managing the cie, or any branch or part thereof; nor any commissioner, col d«ws ye'comptroller, searcher, or other offer or person whatfo icsllbava ever ccncernc^ or employed in the charging, collecting, lfevy omy vote in >ng, or managing the customa, or any branch or part thereof; the ekdtion of nor any commissioner, officer, or other person concerned or etn members of ployed in collecting, receiving, or managing, any of the duties parliament, on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, nor any person appointed by the commissioners for distributing of damps; nor any commissioner, officer, or other person employed in called!

ing.

17&2.j Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 4t.' 49

ing, levying, or managing, any of the duties on salt; nor any fartcyor, collector, comptroller, inspector, officer, or other per ibo employed in collecting, managing, or receiving, the duties on windows or houses $ any postmaster, postmasters general, or his of their deputy or deputies or any person employed by or under hita or them in receiving, collecting, or managing the revenue of the soft office, or any part thereof, nor any captain, matter, or mate, of any ship, packet, or other vessel employed by or urtdef the postmaster or postmasters general in conveying the mail to and from foreign ports shall be capable of giving his vote for the eleaion of any knight of the shire, commissioner, citizen, burgess, or baron, to serve in parliament for any county, stewartry, city, borough, or cinque port, or for chiding any delegate in whom the right of electing members to serve in parliament, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, is veiled: and i any person hereby made incapable of voting as Penalty on afore6id, shall nevertheless presume to give his vote, during the ^oavds?1* time he (hah hold, or within twelve calendar months after he qualified by (hill cease to hold or execute any of the offices aforesaid, con this act. trtryto the true intent and meaning of this act, such votes so given (kail be held null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and every person (b offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the informer and the other moiety thereof to be immediately paid into the; hands of the treasurer of the county, riding, or division, within' which such offence shall have been committed, in that part of Great Britain called England; and into the hands of the clerk of the justices of the peace of the counties or stewartries, in that pan of Groat Britain called Scotland, to be applied and disposed of to such pdrpofes as the justices at the next general quarter session of the peace to be held for stich county stewartry, riding, or division, shall think fit; to be recovered by any person that shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at jvejlmin jfer/ut which noefioin, protection, privilege, or wager of law or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; or by summary complaint before the court of session in Scotland; and the person convicted on any such suit shall thereby become dibbled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any office or place of trust whatsoever under his Majesty, his heirs and successors. t

II Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Not ta extend

aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any tocommttfio*. person or persons for or by reason of his or their being a com {jjjjjj t

missioner or commissioners of the land tax, or for or by reason persons siting of his or their acting by or under the appointment of such cbm under them^of the land tax, for the purpose of assessing, levying,

collecting, receiving, or managing the land tax, or any othec rates or duties already granted or imposed, or which shall here after be granted or imposed by authority of parliament.

III Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothingnor to offices in this act contained ftudl; extend, orb construed to extend, to by letters

Voi. XXXIV E any Patent for any

5°

estate of in bcritance §

nor to persons who shall resign their offices before Aug. i, 1781. Limitation of actions

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III 0, 42. [ 1782.

any office now held, or usually granted to be held, by letters patent for any estate of inheritance or freehold.

IV Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, tjiat nothing herein contained shall extend to any person who shall resign his office or employment on or before the said first day of August* one thousand seven hundred an eighty-two.

- V Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person shall be liable to any forfeiture or penalty by this act laid or iroposed* unless prosecution be commenced within twelve months after such penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred.

CAP. XLIL

An act for building a stone bridge cross the river of Thames, from the pa ri(h of Ealing, in the county of Middlesex, to the opposite shore in tbk hamlet of Kew, in the county of Surrey.

Recital of an act 30 Geos. C 63. and an act 31 Geo.*C 46. Robert Tunftall esquire, his heirs, C empowered to build, at his and their expense, a stone bridge cross the Thames, near adjoining to the place where Kew bridge now stands. Satisfaction to be made to the proprietors and occupiers of lands, See. No gravel, (and or mud to be removed between Kew and the opposite aytes. The corporation of London, nor any other persons to remove the fnoals now in the river Thames, for the space of 300 yards below the bridge, except such shoals fhau'be increased and accumulated, and then they may be reduced to their present level, as the surveyors to be appointed by the city committee, and by the owners and occupiers of wharves and warehouses of Brentfopd 03 the banks of the river shall agree. If the wharf owners, cof Brentford (hast nteledt to appoint aturveyor, the city of London may reduce the ffioals. The bridge to consist of (even arches, the centre one to be 66 feet wide, the next two 5 5 feet, the next two 45 feet 10 inches, and the other two 38 feet 4 inches, and the way for passengers, carriages and horsesover the bridge, to be not less than4 feet wide between the parapets. 344 feet and 4 inches water way. The abutment pier on the Surrey side of the river to be half on the present towing path, and half on the bed of the river. Road to the bridge to be 4$ feet wide. Corporation of London empowered to build a Bight of stone steps is feet wide on the west side of the Middlesex abutment of the new bridge, for the use of the public to be repaired by the Cud corporation. Watermen not to carry passengers across the river to the prejudice of the tolls. Bridge veiled in Robert Tunftall esquire, his heirs nd af fignsj who may take toll thereat, as follows s

For every coach, chariot, landau, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other vehicle, drawn by six horses, or other cattle, the sum of two Shillings and sixpence

every coach, chariot, laudau, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other vehicle, drawn by tour horses, or other cattle the. sum of one shilling and sixpence; and on Sundays, the sum of two Shillings:

For every coach, chariot, landau, berlin, chais chair, calasti, or other vehicle, drawn by three horses, or other cattle, the sum of one Bulling and twopence; and on Sundays, the sum of one shilling and eight pence 1 For every coach, chariot, landau, berliq, chaise, chair calalh, or otner vehicle, drawn by two horses, or other cattle, the sum of one.shilling; and On Sundays, the sum of one shilling and sixpence:

For every chaise, chair, or other vehicle, drawn by one horre, or other bead, the sum of eight pence; and on Sundays, the lum of one shilling:

For every wagon, wain, dray, car, cart, or other carriage, drawn by more than six horses, or other cattle, the sum of two Shillings:

For

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 42.

Vorevdry wagon, wain, dray, car, cart, or other carriage, drawn by four, and not more than fi horses, or other cattle, the sum.of one shilling and sixpence; and by two or three horses, or other cattle, the sum of one shilling j and by one borfe, or other bead, the sum of eight pence, except hjgjen and bakers carta, drawn by one horse or bead only:

For every higler's or baker's cart, drawn by one horst or other bead only, the sum of sixpence:

For every horse, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the sum of twopence:

Tor every foot pafleoger whatsoever, one halfpenny; and if with a wheelbarrow, or suchlike carriage, one penny t For every drove of oxen or neat cattle, the sum of three Shillings and fourpence per (core; and after that rate for ahy greater or left number: For every drove of calyes, bogs, sheep, or lambs, the sum of sixpence psr (core 5 and after that rate for any greater or less number.

xous veiled in Robert Tunftall esq; his heirs and assigns, and mayl>e levied by distressed and file. The driver of any carriage to pass toll free. The proprietor may kflen the tolls, and raid them again. Sale may be made of lands necessary to be made ue of in building toe bridge, by any bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations, aggregate or foie, feoffees in trod, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees for hmaticks and ideott, and other tniftees, and they are indemnified by this ast. Comraissioners of the land tax to settle differences touching satis frdion to be made for houses, lands, C Where persons refuse to treat about frle of lands, or are disabled from treating, commissioners are to settle the damage and recompense by a jury. Jury to be summoned by the fberiff. is ro be the jury, and to be drawn as a 3 Geos. directs. wit nefies may be examined on Oath. Jury to a(teft the damages. Com mi f fioners to give judgement for the same. Verdi of the fury, See. to be fiaal. Two transcnptt of (kid verdicts and decrees to be signed and sealed; one to be transmitted to Mr. Tunstall, and the other to the clerk of the peace for the county. The same, or copies thereof, to be admitted as evidence, C Upon payment or tender of the sum assessed. C the lands frc. laay be entered and made use of. In default of a sufficient number of jurymen, (landers by, C to be returned. Commissioners may fine fberiff; jury, barliflv, See. making default in the premises. Fine not ro exceed 40». and to be pkid to Mr. Tunftall. Commissioners or others not toad where interested. Lands, C not to be entered on till payment, or deposit made of the recompense, except to survey and mark out the ground. Satisfaction to be made for damages. Damages omitted to be provided for, to be settled by a jury. On default of payment, to be levied by distress and fate, together with costs; or the party may have his remedy at common-law. Application to be made to the commissioners within six months after damage done. Overflowing of the neighbouring lands, keto be guarded against. Meetings of commissioners to be within to miles of the place where the matter shall arise. Rent assessed to be ptid quarterly. On default of payment, to be fned for at common-law. btfiroying the bridge deemed a capital felony. Boatmaster answerable for any damage done by his boat or crew. When the paflageof the bridge shall be impracticable, or become dangerous, a ferry, C to be provided % to be continued no longer than whilst the bridge is repairing. The bridge set rateable to any tax. Rights of the city of London on the river referred to them; The prrifent bridge to be taken down. Proprietor to eteft a temporary bridge, ftc. if needful; to continue no longer than northeast cefikry. No person to carry passengers, ke. cross the said river for hire except where ferries now are. Loaded wagons, C passing over the present bridge, or over any temporary bridge, to be lubje# to the regulations, both as to weight and breadth Of wheels, of the 13 Geo. 3. C 14 at if the said bridge was a turnpike road. New bridge made liable to a debt of 3, 600); and mterest, due to Eiifha Bifcoe esquire. The as 30 sad 31 Geo. t. to be repealed on the opening the done bridge. Hackney coaches, kc. plying for hilt at the bridge, may be regulated by order of

R a the

sl

j

Anno vicefifoo secundo Georgii III. C 43. (1781.

the commissioners of hackney coaches, or two justices of Middlesex, and their orders to be fixed up at the bridge. Penalty on coachmen for non observance of such regulations, not more than 4.0 s. one moiety to the informer, and the other to the uie of the poor of the parish of Ealing, to be levied by diltrefs and Tale of the offender's goods, and in default thereof may be committed to the hou e of correction, or other prison of the county, and kept to hard labour for a month. Limitation of aftiona t against per Tonnes acting under this act, within six months after the sass, and to laid in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey The defendant may, plead the general iflsue, and give the (pedal matter in evidence, and have treble costs. To be a public attn,

CAP. XLIII

i 1 -

An act for making a passage for carriages from Spitalfields to Blfhopfgato* (treet, in the county of Middlesex, and for paving the same $ and for appropriating to those purposes the money arisen by virtue of an act, passed in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, for applying the Turn of nine thousand pounds, to arise out of the orphans fund, for. making such pailage.,

va

Act 18 Geo. 3 C 78. recited. And that 9, 000!. had been paid hythe mayor? Ac. of London, by ninety bonds for securing tool, each, to John Spider and John Baker, junior, with condition for paying annuities after the rate of 41. zos. percent, per ann. which was first to be applied towards the expenses of the said act, and afterwards for defraying theexpences of the passage, and (alter paying for the. said act, the bonds and other incidental ex pence) the said Spider and Baker had purchased other bonds, and were then poltelted of 10c bonds, and also of 3001. Commissioners named, and ou death, or refusal to act for one year, of any commissioner, a new one to be appointed by writing under the hands of the other commissioners, on ten days notice affixed on the church door. Meetings of commissioners to be on the second Wednesday after pafiing the act, and may adjourn themselves as they think proper, and if at any meeting there shall not be a'sufficient number of commissioners to act or to adjourn, or that they should omit to adjourn, the clerk on two days notice to appoint a meeting, and in default thereof any commissioner may. Quorum of commissioners to act not less than five. Orders and proceedings to be confirmed at the next meeting and signed by the chairman. Qualification of corn missioner (not to (ell ale, See, by retail, nor to act where interested, or whilst he has any place of profit under the act, or a share in any contrafi) and to have in right of himself or wife in pofiefiion lands. See. of 401. per ann. clear value, or 10001. personal estate. Penalty on acting not being qualified 501. to be recovered by action of debt. Commissioners may appoint clerk, treasurer, surveyor, and other officers, and allow them salaries. Officers to account, Ac. Officers neglcfting to account, Ac. may be prosecuted. If balance be not paid, it may be levied by diltrefs. On failure of distress, Ac. the offender to be committed. Limitation of confinement to six calendar months. Penalty on officers taking more than their settled sees, fajaries, Sec. tool, to be recovered by action of debt, Ac. in six months. For recovery of moneys, Ac. in officers hands, in case of death or bankruptcy, to be paid in preference to all other creditors, and to be paid in ten days after demand, or may be recovered by action with fqll costs. That Mefirs. Spiller and Baker shall deliver the bonds to the cqmmlfiioners. The new street to be from crispin street near Spitalfields church into Bishopsgate ltreet. Houses to be taken down vested in the commissioners. Sewers to be made in the new street. The position of water pipes to be altered where necessary. Watercourses to be arched over and die new street to be raised. Drains and sewers to be made. Bodies politic, Ac. enabled to sell and convey lands, Ac. If parties refute to treat, a jury to ascertain the value and damages. The jury to he summoned by precept to the sheriff of Middlesex or London, or bailiff of the. Tower liberty, as the premises may lie. Jurors may be challenged. Verdiflos,

l^ooq le

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III c.44.

jury, Sec. to be final. On payment of the money assessed partial to convey. On failure of making out a good title, Sec. the money to be lodged in the bank. Verdicts, C to be regiliered with the clerk of the peace for middlesex, or liberty of the Tower, or clerk of the peace or arraigns of london. Purchase money may be placed in the poblick funds. Persons entitled to mesne profits to receive dividends. Unless purchase money be paid »lthin three calendar months, verdids not to be binding.*Ex pence s of the jury to be paid, if for a greater sum than offered by the commissioners, by them, but if for less, by the other party, or deduced out of the money to be paid. Purchase money may be laid out in other estates, to be settled to the like uses. That conveyances by femes covert shall be valid. Mortgagees, in possession of the premises, to quit the same on being paid their principal money with interest. When mortgagees refuse to accept their money, payment into the bank is to be made. Purchase moneys, See. to be p^id out of the produce of the bonds. 'tenants to quit on six months notice. Fines on sheriff, See. or jurymen, for ncglcdl or mi(behaviour, not more than 10i. to be recovered with colls, by dittrels and sale of the offender's goods, and applied to the purposes of the act. Adito be executed within five years. Commissioners to buy the whole of any premises, where the owner desires it, and may dispose of overplus ground. Buildings may be erected on part of the ground of the new ilreet or places to be arched over or filled up. New houses to be erected in an uniform fine, and no porticoes, benches or bow windows on penalty of 501. Money may be borrowed on houses purchased, and not wanted immediately to be taken down. Such mortgages may be assigned. The new ilreet to be paved. Penalty on persons not fulfilling contrails to b contained therein, and may be recovered with full colls, to be applied for the purposes of the aground may be hired for digging gravel or lodging materials. Penalties on persons obstrudling commifliuner* and others in execution of their duty. For the first offence aos. the second 40s. and every other 3i. The parts of the new ilreet, when finiihed, to be under the respective jurisdictions to which they belong. The name of the new Ilreet to be put up. Expencesof this act to be first paid. Actions to be brought io the name of the clerk or treasurer. Writings to be without llamps. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diffrefs and sale of the offender's goods and chattels by warrant of a jufttce of the peace, and to be applied to the purposes of this act. In default of diffrefs, the party may be committed to the house of correction for not more than two months, nor less than seven days, if not sooner paid. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the

?[uirter (cflions; giving six days notice. Diffrefs not to be deemed un awful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, nor removable by Certiorari. Limitation of actions against persons idling under this act, not till 30 days notice, and within six months after the, and not after tender of amends; and the defendant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and may have treble colls. To be a public ad. To this act is annexed a schedule of the houses and buildings to be taken down, ahd ground to be used for making the ppening.

CAP. XLIV

An act for amending the pavement in, and for lighting same of the streets, lanes, ways, and places, in the parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in Westminster, which are at present excluded from the provisions of an act, passed in the eleventh year of his present majesty, (intituled, An act to amend and render more effednal several acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the squares, streets, lanes, and other places, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent, ) and for preventing nuisances and annoyances in or neaf the same; and for making an opening from orchard street, and widening Tome part of Wopd ftrees, and of Little peter street.

Sl Act

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii 111. C 44. [1789.

Ad 11 Qcq. 3. C % . recited. The houses in the streets, dec. exempted in the recited act are gone much more to decay since such exemption; and the pavements in a ruinous ttate, See. If power was given to amend the pavements, and light the streets, See. it would be a means of raising the value of eitates there. Commissioners appointed for those purposes, to feie the vestrymen of Saint John the Evangebft, the churchwardens of Saiiit Margaret, and seven persons chosen by the vestry there, to be householdefs in ibme of the streets, Sec. to be improved with ten persons to be named by the commissioners at their first meeting, and in care of vacancy of any of the seven for Saint Margaret, by death, non residence, or refufel to act, the vestry to choose another. Dilqualification, being a vi&ualier selling ale, C by retail, holding place of profit under this act, or having share of any contra, nor (except the persons named at the first meeting) unless a vet tryman of Saint John the Evangetift, or churchwarden of Saint Margaret, or an householder as aforclaid. Penalty on acting not being qualified 501, to be recovered by adipn, C and the onus probandi to lie on the deteq. dant. Commissioners who are justices may ad as such; except where interested, or as to making rates. Justices may administer oaths. Commit' fioners may bring actions in their clerk's name. First meeting at the veftiy room of Saint John on the second Tuesday after passing the ad, and afterwards as they may think proper, and if a fuffibent number do not meet to ad, or adjourn, or omit to adjourn, the clerk may call a meeting on eight days notice, and in default, five commissioners may appoint a meeting in fourteen days. All orders to be made by the majority at publkjc meetings. Commissioners to pay their own expenses. Quorum of com iniflioners appointed to be five. Commissioners may appoint a clerk, treasurer, colie dors of rates, fiirveyors, and other officers, and persons to remove nuisances, and allpw them falariei. Officers to give security, and to account, and pay the balance, or they (nay be sued. Balance may bt levied by distress. On failure of diftreu, C offender to be committed till he gives a full account, and pays or compounds the money due; bat such commitment not to discharge sureties. No person to be committed for more than three calendar months. Officers taking any reward other than their faiaries; or being interested in any bargain made by the cora missioner; are disqualified from being employed under this act, and tb forfeit 501. On death of officers, or becoming insolvent, exeenton, Set. to account; and to pay the balance in preference to any other creditor; and may plead andjpve in evidence such payments. Commissioners im powered to bring actions against executors, Sec. Streets, Sec. to be paved, amended and cleaafed. Stratton ground, orchard street, Duck lane, Ola pie street, New Pie street, and college ltreet, partly in the parish of Saint Margaret and partly in the parish of Saint John i and also the Great and Little Almonry, the New Way, New Tothill street, dacre street, cooper street, and Castle lane, wholly in the parish of Saint Margaret; and luce wile all other streets at present excluded from the provisions of the ad ir Geo. 3, before recited. Commissioners may bring actions for breach of Cbntrad, and recover the penalty, to be applied to the purposes of this act. This act not to extend to Dean's Yard, nor to extend to any streets, &c'. but those particularly named. Inhabitants to give notice to the surveyor when pavements want repair, which he is to view, and (if not from water pipes) the commissioners to order the same to be repaired by contrador in a certain time, and if not done, he is to forfeit to s. per day till repaired, one half to the complainant, and the other for the puipoies of this. ad. Lamps to be put up. Penalty on persons injuring lamps. Sec. wilfully, may be apprehended by warrant of a justice, or by the person feeing such oifcnoe committed without warrant, and others may assist, and to deliver the offender to a peace officer, to be dealt with according to law; and if the pa>*ty shu be convicted of wilfully breaking, jtbrowing down, or ebunaging any lamp, or exttnguifbing the light, or damaging the polls, irons, or for oititre thereof, by confession or information on oath, to forfeit for the first o#vs£f Q. for the second 40*. and for every other 3}. and also to make fatsta&ion for the damage done, which if not immediately paid, to Jbe committed to gaol or bridewell for Westminster, for not more than tiro Afciths nor Ids than ten days, if qo^fooner paid. Satisfaction to be made

bt

1781.] Anno ricesimo secundo georou III C 44.

by perftms negligently breaking lamps. See. to be ascertained by a justice, and levied by dittrefs^and sale of goods. Penalty on interrupting workmen, ndt more than 40s. nor less than 5 s. Property of lamos, C vested in the cobimissioners. Penalty on causing annoyances by casting, thrown ing, or laying ashes, filth, carrion, offal, blood, dull, dirt, or rubbish in any of the said streets, See. for the first offence 5 s. for the second 78. 6 d. and every otrver 10s. Nutft rices to be reihoved on three days notice. Penalty on neglect ao s per dy during the continuance after. Persons removing night soil Contrary to this act may be committed for not more than two calendar mofttht, nor less than ten days, and kept to hard la boor, and the commifitoners may order not more than aos. nor left than 51. to be paid to the deteftor and prosecutor. Goods, and also carriages, obftra&ing the pafftge, rtiay be seized, and (ecu red tilt the offender pays all ceils, and also 5s. and if notclaimed in two days may be (bid, and the money arising therefrom applied to the purposes of this act. Fences to be made against waste grounds tn teti days after notice, of may be done by the cm nuffioner*, and the party to pay the expense, which may be recovered py acton with costs. commhboriers empowered tp purchase certain tenements, Scc. for widening streets. If parties cannot agree, a jury to be fommoiied; who shall affeertaifi the recompense Sec. to be made to owners sod occnpiers. Verdict of jury. Sec. to be final. Commissioners may fine the (beriff, dec. making default. Witnesses may be examined on oatiu £xpences of tl|e juries and witnesses to be paid by the commissioners if the money more than they have offered, if left by the other party. Bodifca politic. See, empowered to sell. Time limited for paying purchase mo''three calendar months, oc the judgement. Scc. to be void, if a jury is hot called according to notice given, it shall not be done at any time afterwards. Power to make rates, not exceeding the yearly fohn of 1 s. 6 d. in the pound. Rates to be allowed by two justices, and power given to Ibvy the same by distressed and sale of goods 1 and in default of goods, may be committed by two justices to gaol or the house of correction for tp months, it the rate and costs are not fboner paid Occupiers quitting without paying fates, may be followed. Rates may be sued for. Empty houses shall be afleffttl at one half, to be paid' by the owner, or by the first or other occupier, who may deduct the same out of his rpnfi, and the landlord to allow the same. under tenants, See. liable to the rates, Those rates (hah be? recovered as others and deducted out of rents. Publiclc build lags and dead walls shall be afiefied at 6d. per fqirare yard per ann. coni missioner may mitigate rates Power to make re aueftinents if the collector becomes insolvent, or embezzles the money collected. Persons paying the rates exempted from paving. Not to make void any agreement between landlord and tenant. Commissioners may borrow money at in tejrdft, of raiie money by sale of annuities. Annuities at the rate of 101. percent, per ann. and the purchase money for any one not more than s50i. and the whole sum to be borrowed not more than 1, 0001. commissioners order to entitle the contributor to the payment of his jntcreft aryi annuity 5 which shall be charged upon the rates. Annuities deemed inde feafib&eestatesi not chargeable to the land tax. Securities may be aligned, todes quoties As annuitants die, the rates ho be lowered. Moneys may be raised by sale of annuities, in the place of those that have ceased, for the payment of the iritereft of the money borrowed. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first money raised. Commissioners may compound for.penalties. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods by warrant of two justices; and in default of goods, the party may be committed, for not more than two months nor left than ten days, it rate and costs be not paid before. Appeal may be made to the commissioners*afterwards to the quarter session. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter session; giving eight days notice Distressed not to be unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends made. Writings exempted from stamp duty. Proceedings to be entered in books, which may be read in evidence. Proceedings not removable by Certiorari. In habitants exempt from former laws, except the recited pairing act of it Geo, 3, Scc. Limitation of ace

4 tiout

5 6 Anno vicelipio (pcpocio gbo&gii III C 45. £ 178a.

tion* for ageing uncfer this af not till ti days notice, or if amends be tendered, nor after six calendar months, and to be laid where the matter arose; and the defendant may plead the general issue, and give the (pedal master in .evidence, and have treble costs. To be a public a.

Preamble

After the end ot this session, all persons holding contracts for the public service, shall be incapable of being defiled, or sitting in the hoole of conpqops.

CAP. XLV

An act for refraining any person concerned in any contrast, cmmif fton, or agreement, made for the public service, from being ebftei, or sitting and voting as a member of the house of commons.

FOR further securing the freedom and independence of parliament, be it enacted by the king's rood excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the end of this present session of parliament, any person who shall, directly or indireltly, himself, or by any person whatsoever in trull for him, or for his use or benefit, or on his account, undertake, execute, hold, or enjoy, in the whole or in part, any contra, agreement, or commission, made or entered into with, under, or from the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or of the navy or victualling office, or with the mailer general or fyoard of ordnance, or. with any one or more of such commit, fioners, or with any other person or persons whatsoever, for or on account of the public service; or shall knowingly and willingly fumifh or provide, in pursuance of any such agreement, contrail, or commission, which he or they shall have made or entered into as aforesaid, any money to be remitted abroad, or any wares or merchandise to be used or employed in he service of the public, shall be incapable of being cledfid, or of sitting or voting as a member of the house of commons, during fbp time that he shall execute, hold, or enjoy, any such contrail, agreement, or commission, or any part ot (nare thereof, or any benefit or emolument arising from the same.

II Apd be it further enalled by the authority aforesaid. That if any person, being a member or the hbufe or commons, shall.. dircluy or indirehly, himself, or by any other person whatfo ho?danyco^ ever ifl tri for him, or for bu pie or benefit, or on hisac uaft after the count, enter into, accept of, agree for, undertake, or execute, in commence the whole or in part, any such contrail, agreement, or commis ment of the fion as aforesaid; if any person, being $ member of the house h?$xfeat shall commons and having already entered into any such contrail, be void. agreement, or commission, or part or share of any such contra, agreement, pr commission by himself, or by any other person whatsoever in trust for him, or for his use or benefit, pr upon his account, shall, after the commencement of the next session of; parliament, continue jo hold, execute, or enjoy the same, or any

part thereof, the seat of every such person in the house of campions shall be, and is hereby declared to be void.

Not to extend III Provided always, and bp it enalied, That nothing hereifi ratedtrachng detained shall extend, pr be copfirped to extfnd, to.apy poo companies.

Any member accepting a contra, or

57

1782.3 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 45.

trad, agreement, or commission, made, entered into, Or accepted, by any incorporated trading company in its corporate capacity, nor to any company now existing or established and confiding of more than ten perlbns, where such contra, agreement, or com mi (Don, shall be made, entered into, or accepted, for the general benefit of such incorporation or company.

IV Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this a Not to extend contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any coo

trad, agreement, or commission, made, entered into, or accept farm year ed, before the passing of this a, the term whereof will expire in the space of one year from the time of making thereof.

V Provided also, and be it enabled. That where any con ciauferelative trad, agreement, or commission, has been made, entered into, to cootra&s or accepted, with a provision that the same shall continue until which are not a year's notice be given of the intended dissolution thereof, the ayw'iinosce same shall not disable any person from sitting and voting in par be given Lament until one year after the said notice flull.be actually

given for the determination of the said contra, agreement, or commission, or till after twelve calendar months, to be computed from the time of passing this avi.

Provided also, and be it eo*#ed. That nothing herein Not to extend contained shall, extend, or be construed to extend, to any person to contracts by on whom, after the passing of this a, the completion of any

contra, agreement, or commission, shall devolve by defeent or possess iimitation, jor by marriage, or aa devisee, legatee, executor, or fan. F admunftrstqr, : uotii twelve calendar months after he shall have been ip possession of the same.

VII Provided also, and be it enacted. That any person who Members

is now a member of the house of commons, and holds and en holding coo joys any such contra, agreement, or commission, as aforesaid, ^fchargs6* may be discharged from the execution thereof on giving twelve therefrom on months notice to the per(on or persons with or. from whom such giving is contra, agreement, or commission, is made, entered into, or °ntes accepted, of his desire that the same shall cease and determine; ncc and such contra, agreement, or commission, after the expira.. of the term aforesaid, shall be null and void.

VIII Provided also. That if any person actually possessed of Cltnfe relative a patent for a new invention, or a prolongation thereof by a to patentees of parliament, and having contra#ed with government concern for

ing the obje# of the said patent before the passing of this a, fentl0nf*

(hill give notice of his intention to difiolve the said contra, the Aunt shall be null and void from the time of giving such nolice.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person hereby disabled, or declared to be incapable to sit or vote in parliament, shall nevertheless be returned as a member to serve for any county stewartry, city, borough, town, cinque port, or place, in parliament, such cle#ion and return are berpby enacted and declared to be void; and if any person, disabled and declared incapable by this a to be ele#ed, shall, tftertheend of thi? prefem fcfllon of parliament, prefiujie to

If any person hereby difqut lifted shall be elected. Inch ele#ion shall be void. Difsbled persons who (halt sit in the house of commons after

s8

this session, sham forfeit 5001, for each day.

A conditibn to be inserted in all public contract, that 00 member of the hoofc of common! shall have any share thereof. Penalty on. contractors who shall admit any member of the house of commons to any share of their mttra&i. V

Limitation of actions.

Anno Vlcefurw secundo gk&rgii III C 46. [178)

sit or vole 96 a member of the'hbttfe of common 1, such perfd so sitting or voting shall forfeit the fain of five hundred pound for every day in which he shall sit or vote in the said house, t any pecton or periods who shall foe for the same, in any of hi majesty's couru at and the money so forfeited (ha

be recovered by the person or persons so suing, with. full cofl of suit, in any of the said courts, by any action of debt, bil{ plaint, or information, in which no efioin, privilege, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be alio CD j or by summary complaint before the court of session in Sm land, and every person, agalnft whom any such penalty or for feiture shall be recovered by virtue of thit ad, shall be frot thenceforth incapable of taking at holding any contrast, agree mem, or com million, for the publkfc service, hr any share there of, or any benefit or ednoimnent fmm the same, in any marine whatibevetv

x*and he it enacted, That in every such contrast, agree mentor cotfimission, to be Mtfdey entered into, of accepted, a afonesaid, theta shall bo inferred an «*p*fs condition, that m member of the house of common! be admitted to any share a part of such cdatract, agreement, dr commiflioh, or to any be' nefit to arise therefrom: and that ifl case any pdrfon or period) who hath or have entered mtb or accepted, of who shall erne into or accept, any such cimtract, agreement, or commissiori shall admit any member or members of the house of common! to any part or share thereof, or to receive any benefit thereby, all and every such person and persons shall, for every (bch offence, forfeir and pay the fdm of five hundred pound) to b recovered, with full costs of salt, in any of his majesty'i court! of record at ivtflminster, by any person or perfotis who shall fui

for the same, by any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no enbin, privilege, protection, or wager of law, 01 more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; or by fumroarj complaint before the court of session in Scotland.

XI Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person shall be liable to any forfeiture or penalty inflicted by this act, unlefi a profecutibh shall be commenced within twelve calendar month) after such penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred;

CAP. XLVI

An act toenome his Majtfly to a peace or truce with

colonies in North America therein mentioned

Preamble. \\7 HERE AS it is ejftntial to the, and prov

V fptrity of Great Britain and of the colonies or plantations of New Hampdshire, maflachufeps Bay, Rhode Island, Connec. tieut, . New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the thru lower cm ties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Sooth. Carolina, and Georgia, in North America, that 'peace,

trade, and copmerte, Should be between them: ,

ty82.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georg niil c.47.

miser a fall manifejlalien tf the earnefiwifi) and dtftre tf Jut JA

e/lj and his parliament ta put an and tt lie calamities tf war, be it Traded by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the jfeice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho ity s fthe Came, That it shall and may be lawful for his Ma His Majestr*efly to treat, coofult of, agree, and conclude, with any commis impowend to loner or commissioners, named or to be named by the said co conclude oaies or plantations, or any of them respectively, or with any ody or bodies corporate or politic, or any a (Tenthly or adem, North dies, or description of men, or any per(bn or persons whatfo America j met, a peace or a trace with the said colonies or plantations, or my of them, or any part or parts thereof 1 any kw, act or acts tf parliament, matter, or thing, to the contrary in any wise not '*

II And, in trier tc tbviafe any impediment, tbftath, dilap, tt

be carryingthe intentions of his Majesty and his into '

00, which might arift firm any after alls tf effelliag

r relating tt tbt find colonies or plantations, be it further enacted

y, the authority aforekid, That, for the concluding and efta "d, for that ddhing of a peace or truce with the kid colonies or plantations; £"2*, »*?

any of them, his Majesty foall hare foil power and authority, fujpend the ry virtue of tbit ad, by his letters patent, undo: the great seal operation of aortat Britain, to repeal, annul, and make void, or to fafpeod; soy »&* Co far

or any time or rhymes, the operation and effect of any act or acts* ^*^*'**

A parliament which relate to the kid colonies or plantations, ionic,*"

ir any©f them, so far as the same do relate to them, or any of

hem, or any part or parts thereof, or any clause, provision, or

natter therein contained, so far as such ciauses, piroaifions, or

natters relate to the kid colonies or plantations, or any of them,

n any part or ports thereof.

III And be it further enacted. That this act, as to the exj Continuance tcifc of the powers andauthorities hereby given to his Majesty, of this act. hall continue to be in soil force until the hrft day of July, one

bouknd seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XLVII

& ohfor lictnfsng lottery offset beepers, and regulating the salt of lottery tickets.

(TT H E R E A S atilotteries, except such as art permitted by Preamble

y V of parliament, are contrary to law, and under vat

ins fiatntes tf tils realm: and whereas, to prevent tbt abaft tf

vb lotteries os for the time being ore tftabbjbed by au ef parliament,

its fit that there Jbtuld be a permanent regulation, bite of the hep

riif lottery offices, and of the salt tf lottery tickets: and ushereas it

it become a commmprallice in London, and other places ef Great

io, to have offsets for selling tickets in lotteries in Ire

knd, by Iriftt alls of parliament: and whereas it is thought expedient

lotoew tf the selling futb iri(h tickets within Great Britain, on tbt

'riwj of having tbt Jalt tf them under the same regulations as art

herein by

Irilk tickets

rv be sold in Tame manner at brithh tickets.

No person to keep a lottery, office without taking out a licence from the lamp office.

Each licence to cost 501.

Licence to set forth the name of the person taking out the same, C and to continue in force for one year.

[«7«

Anrife vicesimo feeundo Georgii III C 47.

berein-aft$r appointed for tukets in lotteries tjlablijhed by British a of parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may. vnacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent m jelly, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritti and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afieri bled, and by the authority of the same. That it shall be law to buy and iell, within all parts of Great Britain, (except with the universities of Oxford and Cambridge), any ticket or tick in any lottery or lotteries now authorised or hereafter to be an thorifed by any Irish act of parliament, or any share or shares i any ticket or tickets in any such Irish lottery or lotteries, in fi same manner as if such Irish tickets were tickets in a lotto established by an act of the parliament of. Great Britain.

II And be it further enacted, That no person or persons Asti publicly or privately, open, setup, exercise or keep, by himfa or berjelf; or any other person Or persons, any office for buyinj selling, or otherwise dealing in any tickets, or for registering tt numbers of any tickets in the lottery authorised by any act the present session of parliament, or in any lottery which (hi be authorised by any sature act of parliament; or in any lottei now established, or hereafter to be established, by any Irish»of parliament; or shall, by writing, . printing, or otherwhi publish the setting up, or using any such office, without fiti taking out a licence for that purpose from the commissioners fa managing the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and pi per, for the time being, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

III And be it further enacted, That the said commissionen or any three of them, are hereby empowered and required, b writing under their hands and seals, to grant a licence for ai pffice for selling and dealing in lottery tickets, authorised b law, to all and every person and persons applying for the same but, previously to the delivery 6f any such licence, and before i shall have any efsect, there shall be paid, over and above al other payments to which the person or persons taking out fuel licence may be respectively liable by any other act of parliament whether as brokers, or otherwise, the sum of fifty pounds so every such licence, at the lamp office, at the time such licenc shall be delivered to the person or persons applying for the same and every such sum of fifty pounds shall be applied towards dc fraying the expenses of the lamp office in executing this act and rithcrwtfe.ia manner herein after prescribed.

IV And be it further enacted, That every such licence (hal set forth the true name and place of abode of the person or per Ions taking out the same; and also the particular house or plao whetefech business or dealing in lottery tickets shall be carnet

on; and. such licence shall continue in force for twelve calendai

months from the date thereof, and no longer; and every perfor acting or dealing in any of the matters therein contained, after the expiration of such licence, without the authority of a new licence, to be taken out in the same manner, shall be considered in every respect as an unlicenfcd person...

.. V Provided

782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III c.47. 1 61.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no lino licence so pace shall be granted for having any such lottery office as afore in

id within the tmiverfities of Oxford and Cambridgt, or either of oxford or eo j and if any licence shall be granted for any such lottery Cambridge. Bee within either of the said universities, it shall be void and; no efsect; and the person or persons acting under such licence all be liable to the same penalty as an unlicensed person.

VL And be it further enacted, That all and every person and Person keep rfoos who shall open, setup, or keep, any office for buying, »ng any office King, or otherwise dealing in such lottery tickets, as aforesaid, ^a^to f any shares thereof, or for registering the numbers of such forfcit diets, without the authority of such licence as aforesaid, or in iy other house or place besides that named in the licence which r, (he, or they shall have, or in any other manner contrary r such licence, or to the intent and meaning of this present i, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred Hinds.

VII And be it further enacted, That all and every person Certain words id pehons to be Jicensed under this act, shall cause the words, to

unfed to deal in Lottery Tickets to be written or expressed, in °" ch i^fcd

pbk characters, upon or near the door in the front of his, office.

er, or their office, (hop, or other place for selling of tickets, to

enote that such person or persons is or are a dealer or dealers

1 lottery tickets, and liable to take out a licence; and if any

tribn or persons shall presume to sell or deal in such lottery

diets as aforesaid without complying with the said provifioo,

e, (he, or they, so offending, shall, for every day in which such

fence shall be committed, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty

Dunds.

VIII And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Penalty on tns whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged [erin"*r lil r counterfeited, or assist in forging or counterfeiting, any LI cence.** ence authorised to be made by this act for the purpose afore

ud, or shall fraudulently alter, or cause to be altered, or assist a altering, any such licence as shall be really granted under this d, or shall knowingly make use of any such forged, counter wted, or altered licence, such person or persons shall, for every sch offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, one moiety hereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other noiety to him that shall prosecute or sue for the same; to be covered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any f his majesty's courts of record at Westminster> in which no fotn, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, hall be allowed; and shall also be subject to imprisonment for ach term, not exceeding six months, as the court, in which he party offending shall be oonvided, shall appoint.

IX Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all and. All persons werythe person and persons to whom any such licence as afore fak, ns out kid shall be granted, shall, at the time of receiving such LI 1

give (ecurity by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc hi Majesty. j b&m, in the sum of one thousand pounds, with two or more: ;*

'Sufficient

6i

Condition

thereof.

Aitao vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 47. [17?!

fuffirient sureties, to be approved of by the said commissione* or any three or more of them; of which bond the conditi shall be, that if such person or persons shall well and truly coi form and observe all the regulations and provisions of this m to far as he, (he, or they shall be concerned therein, such bor shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full force; at the said commtffioners, or any three or more of them, are herj by authoriftd to take the said bond; and if, at the end of t

year for which any such licence shall be granted, it shall appear, I the (atisfadtion of the said commissioners, o

licensed per

or any three or mo of them, that the person or persons entering into any such bot hath or have acted in conformity to the diredhons and pro lions of this adit, during the year for which the licence mall I granted, then die find commissioners, or any three or more j them, are hereby authorised to cause such bond to be deks Up and cancelled; but otherwise the said commissioners 1 (unless they shall see sufficient reason to forbear from profa tion) cause every such bond to be prosecuted.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any per

of^an^ffwce or pcrf°ns>lo whom any such licence as aforesaid, (hah be j against this CD shall be convicted of any offence against this act, whet]

against J act, shall forfeit their ll i cence, see.

Nobofinefs to be transacted

_ C

prosecution of the bond to be given in manner aforesaid, or o prosecution for any penalty whatever under this acts, such cob vidtion shall operate as a forfeiture of such licence, and fro thenceforth the same shall be void; and the said commissionei may, if they shall think fit, refuse to grant to the person or pel fons so convicted a licence in future.

XL And be it further enacted, That no such office for fottd tickets, and foto be licensed as aforesaid, shall be open/or ffl offisbessrc^* transaction of any burfinefs, under such licence, before the ho eight in the of eight of the clock in the morning, nor after the hour of eigr morning, nor of the clock in the evening, except on the evening of the Sattn after eight in say preceding the drawing of any lottjny 5 and if any such oflk or place shall be wilfully kept open, in point of time, contrar to this act, the person or persons licensed to keep such oflk shall, for every such offence, forfeit fifty pounds.

XII And whereas the dividing of tickets in a lottery into vet fmalj Jbares has been found mischievous; be it further enacted, Ths if any person or persons, foto be licensed as aforesaid, (half fe

the evening, Exception.

Penalty on

^re^htthan an or ares of any ticket or tickets in any loi

sixteenth, tery, than a sixteenth, or publish any proposals for felting an ftnaller share or shares, every such person shall, for every o( fence in so doing, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and ftirtha the contract on every such sale of a (mailer share than a fibl t^enthjhall be void in law.

XUE Andy in order to prevent auadvenhtring with lottery tick its in any such lottery as afirejaidy other than Jueb as Shall necejfbrii... from the real and asluaffiie of fnth ticketsy and of fuels ban

A ftf'thereof, as are hereby permittedi be it further ertacted, That it (h -4* not be lawful for any person or persons to sell the chance d chances of any ticket or tickets, in any such lottery as afoitfrid o f

dung —. fe,

II Anno vicesimo fecjindo Georgii III C 47. 63

fqraday, pr any Ids time than the whole time of drawing in tty such lottery, or to insure for or against the drawing of any sech ticket or tickets, or to receive any money or goods in con deration of any agreement to repay any sum or sums, or to deliver the lame, or other goods, if any such ticket or tickets foall prove fortunate or unfortunate, or on any other chance or tffcnt relative to the drawing of any such ticket or tickets, whether as to their being drawn fortunate or unfortunate, or the iftjne of their being drawn, or otherwise howsoever; or under pay pretence, devise, form, denomination, or defection whatsoever, to promise or agree to pay any sum or sums, or to deliver tty goods, or to do or forbear doing anything for the benefit of any person or persons, whether with or without considers sion, on any event or contingency relative or applicable to the drawing of any such ticket or tickets, or to pubtish any proposal for any of the purposes aforesaid; and if any person or per Penalty ifoos shall offend against this act in any of the matters aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the sum ttf fifty pounds; stod further, the contrail in every such case jkau be void,

XIV And to prevent filling bares of tickets by any persons) exit tbi real proprietors thereof and selling fharei of any ticket beyond t member of fbares equal to the whole thereof; be it further ensiled, That it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to Penalty on ell any share or shares of any ticket or tickets, in any such lot persons selling Ltery as aforesaid, without being the owner or owners of such ticket or tickets at the time of selling such share or shares there proper.

I of, or to sell any share of any ticket beyond such number of ty, . j^hares as, being added together, shall be equal to the whole of ifiieh ticket; and all and every person and persons who shall of t fiend against this act, in either of those respects, shall forfeit the, tom of fifty pounds.

il. XV And the more effectually to prevent abuses in the felting of \jbares of lottery tickets, be it further enacted. That the said com commission uaifliooers, or any three or more of them, shall, before the time «rsto eftabitfh hertin after appointed for the commencement of this act, efta ce m, blifh an office, in the city of London or Westminster, for the de westminster of tickets intended to be sold in shares; and every ticket where tickets*in. any such lottery as aforesaid, before it shall be divided into shall be depo. or sold in shares, shall be brought to the said office, and shall be before r, there deposited and left with the receiver-general of his maje stamp duties, or same person or persons to be appointed by. jbsm to receive the same; and who is and are hereby authorised d reauired to receive the same.

XVL And be it further enacted, That every agreement for, Aliagrm* e sale of a share of any such ticket or tickets foto be deposit msot« for gttt* aforesaid, shall be expressed on a piece of written or print (bases toba'paper, vellum, or parchment, and shall be impressed with me mark, device, or (lamp, to be from time to time preferib*

by the said commissioners, or any three or morel of them, for .....

.that purposes hut the said weeiver geoeral, or the person or — - %

X perfens

Receivers

neraltogtvca

receipt for tickets

brought to be feared

All such tickets to remain in his custody three days after they are drawn

The numbers of ail tickets deposited in the office to be entered in a book, with the names of the owners, and the asm*

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 47. [1782.

persons foto be appointed by him, shall not deliver out, impre&d with any mark, device, or (lamp, more shares for any one such ticket than, being added together, shall amount to the value of a whole ticket, nor shall so impress with any mark, device, or (lamp, any smaller share than a (ixteenth, or any share of a ticket other than such as is permitted by this a: and if such receiver-general, or the person or persons foto be appointed by him, shall deliver out any share, other than such as he or they are hereby authorised to have, impressed with any such mark, device, or damp, he or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit fifty pounds.

XVII And be it further enacted, That the said receiver-general of his majesty's lamp duties, or such person or persons, foto be appointed by him to receive tickets to be divided in (bares, shall, upon the receipt of any such ticket, or any number of such tickets as aforesaid, give a receipt in writing for the same; which receipt shall expreis the day of receiving the ticket or tickets, the lottery to which the ticket or tickets shall belong, the number or numoers of the ticket or tickers so received, and the name or names of the proprietor or proprietors thereof, and also that such ticket or tickets is or are received in pursuance of this act, and doth or do accordingly remain in the hands of the said receiver-general, or such person or persons to be appointed by him to receive the same, to be disposed of as is hereby directed.

XVIII And be it further enacted, That each and every such ticket in the said lottery, foto be deposited with the said receiver-general, for the purpose of being afterwards sold into shares, shall remain and continue in the custody and possession of the said receiver-general, or of the person or persons foto be appointed by him as aforesaid, until the expiration of three days after the drawing of such ticket in the said lottery; and that, on the expiration of three days next after the drawing of such ticket in the said lottery, such ticket shall be returned to the owner or owners thereof, his, her, or their agent or agents, assignee or assigns, Upon producing the receipt of the said receiver-general, or of such other person or persons foto be appointed by him as aforesaid, for the same: and in case any such ticket, foto be deposited as aforesaid, shall remain unclaimed at the end of two years from the day of the drawing thereof, the money (if any) to arise by the sale of such ticket shall be retained in the hands of the said receiver-general for the time being, and be applied in defraying the expenses of the lamp office in executing this act, and otherwise in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

XIX And be it further enacted. That a book or books shall be kept by the said receiver-general, or the person or persons foto be appointed by him as aforesaid, who shall truly and fairly enter and redder in such book or books, the number of every lottery ticket which shall be deposited in the said office, in pur fuaace of this act, together with the name or names of all and every such person and persons who shall so deposit such ticket,

and

ijs.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii 111; C 47. - 6$

and also the number of shares into which each such ticket shall r of share be (o divided as aforesaid; and any person shall and may, from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to and irifpedt vj<ied. such book or books, on paymient of the sum of twopence to the £iid person or persons foto be appointed by the said receiver-general as aforesaid; the money arising from such payment shall be paid and applied in defraying the expenses of the lamp office in executing this adlj and otherwise in manner hereinafter specially provided.

XX And be it further enacted. That upon the leaving and de*for e*cb pofiting of any lottery ticket, at or in the said office, with the said receiver-general, or such person or persons foto be appointed as officeron de aforesaid, for the purposes aforesaid, the person or persons who pofiting tick shall so leave and deposit the same shall pay to the said receiver tin the general, or the person or persons foto be appointed by him as office aforesaid, for each share into which every such ticket shall be

divided by the said officer or officers, the sum of twopence; and the moneys arising from such fee, to be paid as aforesaid,

shall be accounted for, from time to time, and shall he paid and applied towards the ex pence of keeping such office for the deposit of lottery tickets as.aforesaid, or in defraying any other expenses of the lamp office in the execution of this act, and otherwise in such manner as is herein after specially prescribed.

XXI And be it further enacted* That if any person or per Penalty on ions shall at any time or times fell, or agree to sell, any share or

(bares of'any ticket or tickets, in any such lottery as aforesaid, ticketwichouf otherwise than by a written or printed agreement, on a piece of a ftanrp. paper, vellum, or parchment, (Vamped and marked by such officer or officers, and in such manner as by this act is before pre icribed, he, (he, or they so offending (nail, for every such offence, fprfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXII And be it further enacted. That if any person or per Penalty on fons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counter forging or feited, or assist in forging or counterfeiting, any such receipt as a, ltrlll8 reis

by this adv required to be given, on deposit of any ticket or fam*

tickets to be divided in shares, or any (lamp or mark by this act with a fraudu required to be put on any share or shares of any ticket or tickets lent intention; or shall alter, or cause to be altered, or assist in altering, any such receipt or stamped share, whether by adding or taking away any word, letter, or figure, in such receipt or stamped share, or shall fraudulently make use of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or stamped share; all and every such person or persons, being convicted of any of the offences before mentioned,

shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer as a felon.

XXIII And be it further enacted. That all fees and Aims of All money money which shall, under this act, be received at the tamp of received under fice, or by any officer or officers thereof, in the execution of the

trust reposed in such officer or officers, and of which the appll reiver cation is not hcrcin before directed, shall be paid into the hands general, of the receiver-general of the said office for the time being, and he shall keep a separate and distinct account thereof and there vouxxxlv.. F out

66

Application

thereof.

Penalties how to be recover? ed and applied.

Justices may mitigate penalties.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 4 [1782;

out shall pay the expense the said office shall tie put to in ext cuting this act, and also in defraying the expenses attending the commission made forth for managing, direckng, and drawing, the lottery established by an act made in this session of parliament, (intituled, An act for raising a certain Jinn of money by way of annuities, and for eflablijbing a lottery), in such manner as by the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, from time to time, be appointed; but subject nevertheleft to such rules and orders, in respect to the same, as shall be given to the said commissioners, from time to time, by the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being; and as to the residue of such sums of money, the said receiver-general shall pay such residue into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are so directed to be paid: and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of the exchequer, there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys, paid into the said receipt under this act, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any other account; and such moneys, so paid into the said receipt of the exchequer under this a, shall, from time to time, be refefved for the disposition of parliament, and shall not be issued but by authority of parliament.

XXIV And be it further enabled, That all penalties which shall be incurred by any person or persons offending against this act, (except where a different mode of prosecution is hereinbefore specially prescribed), shall be recoverable before any two or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county, city, town, or other division, in which the offence shall be committed, upon proof of the offence, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confession of the offender; and one moiety of every such penalty shall belong to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same, and the Other moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and in case of nonpayment of any such penalty, it shall be levied bydiftrefs and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and Teals of such justices; and the overplus of the tnoney raised, after deducing the penalty, and the expenses of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six months, nor less than three months, as such justices shall think proper, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

XXV Provided always, and be it further enaested, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective justices, where they shall see cause to mitigate or lessen any such penalty, to do so accordingly, in such manner as they in their difcretioa shall think fit, the reasonable costs and charges of the officers or informers being always allowed over and above such mitigation,

and

iyfrz.] Amo vliefiroo fccwdo geofccti III C 48. 6f

m.d.. so as Rich mitigation do not reduce the pqpaky to lets than one moiety thereof, over and above the said cods and charges; anything contained in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI And be it further enacted, That no person shall be Limitation of liawe to any profecatiott for any offence against this act, where aion

by any pecuniary penalty shall be incurred, unlefe such prosecution shall be commenced within twelve months after commission Of such offence; and if any suit of action shall be proiefcuted in England against any person or persons, for anything done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead the ge General issue nerri issue, and give this act or the special matter in evidence, on any trial to be had thereupon and that the same was done by authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pass for the de fendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his her, or their action or actions after issue joined, or if on demurrer or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for Treble coftfr the same as any defendants have by law in other cases

XXVII And be it further enacted, That this act shall begin commence to have force on the twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand fe" " ?f th "ten hundred and eighty-two 3 and from and immediately after

ihe commencement thereof, an act, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, (entitled; An act for lictnfing and ijgeo.^c.aii regulating lottery office keepers), and also so much of any other ad repealed, or acts made before the present session of parliament, in respect to the regulation either of the keepers of lottery offices, or the sale of lottery tickets, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; but such repeal shall not operate upon, or to the prejudice of, any action, suitor prosecution, which shall be commenced or depending before the commencement of this act

CAP. XLVIII

An act for charging a duty on persons whose property/ball be insured agaihft loys by fires

Most gracious Sovereign,

wei youf majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the supply granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament by ways the least burdensome to your majesty subjects, have freely arid voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duty herein after mentioned 3 and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirirual and temporal, arid commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth From June day of June) one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there4*

shall be raised levied collected, and paid throughout the king y!ariy^ vjbe

Fa dom

6s

paid for every iool. insured from loss by fire.

Public hospitals not liable.

The duty to be under the management of the commissioners of damps.

No person to keep an insurance office without a licences

The corporations of the Royal Exchange, and London insurance, excepted.

commissioners arc to gi ant licences.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 48* [1782.

dom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the yearly sum of one shilling and sixpence upon every sum of one hundred pounds, and foin proportion for any greater or left sum, that is or shall be insured by any person or persons in or by any policy of insurance for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandises, or other property, from loss by fire.

II Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any public hospital to the payment of the rate or duty to be laid by virtue of this al.

III And for the better and more effectual raising, levying, toileting, and paying the said duty herein before granted, be it further enacted. That the same shall be under the government, care, and management of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and they, or the major part of them, are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such fabrics and incidental charges, as shall be necessary; and to do all other acts, matters, and things, necessary to be done for putting this ain execution, with relation to the said duty hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

IV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no person or persons shall publicly or privately insure, or open or keep any office for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire in Great Britain, without first taking out a licence for that purpose from the commissioners for managing the lamp duties, in manner herein after mentioned.

V Provided always, and be it cnafled, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exclude the corporations of the Royal Exchange and London assurance, (being chartered companies) from assuring houses, furniture or goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from fire, in like manner as they now do, without taking out any licence for the same.

VI And be it further enacted. That, from and immediately after the passing of this at, the commissioners for managing the lamp duties for the time being, or the major part of them, are hereby authorised and required, under their hands and seals, to grant a licence for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, to all and everybody and bodies politic or corporate, and person and

persons

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III c.48.

persons applying for the same; which said licence shall set forth the name or names and other description of the body or bodies politic or corporate, or person or persons taking out the same, and ah the principal house or other place where such business of insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, and merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, shall, at the time of taking out such licence, be principally carried on by the body or bodies politic or corporate, or person or persons taking out the same.

VII And be it further enacted, That all and every person Penalty on and persons, and body and bodies politic or corporate, who or k*spins an which, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one*hcenc^or* thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall insure, or setupnanyman or keep any office for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, ner contrary merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, without the to thi* authority of such licence as aforesaid, or in any other house or

place, except the house or place to be named in the licence under which such body or bodies politic or corporate, or other person or persons, shall alf, or such other house or houses or place or places as shall be subordinate to the house or place to be named in such licence, and be kept by some person or per ions employed as agent or agents to anybody or bodies politic or corporate, or other person or persons having such licence as aforesaid, or in any other manner contrary to such licence, or to the intent and meaning of this act, shall forfeit, for very day in which such offence shall be committed, the (urn of fifty pounds, and also double the amount of the premiums of insurance which such body or bodies politic or corporate, or other person or persons, shall receive on any such day.

VIII And be it further enacted. That all and every person Person tak and persons, and body and bodies politic or corporate, to whom, n out!, ce.n or which any such licence as aforesaid shall be granted, shall, at

the time of receiving such licence, give security with sufficient Majesty. furcties, to be approved of by the major part of the said commissioners of stamp duties, by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such sum as the said commissioners may think reasonable, so as the same do not exceed the probable amount of the duty payable by such body or bodies politic or corporate, or person or persons rcfpellively, for half a year; with a Condition of condition, that if such person or persons, or body or bodies po tbc bond, litkk or corporate, shall raithfully make out, sign, and deliver, an account of all money received for the said duty, and well and truly make payment of all such sum and sums of money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of and according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and also truly and faithfully observe and perform all the direltions, matters, and things herein contained, on his, her, or their behalf to be observed and performed, such bond shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full force. Licence to

IX And be it further enacted. That every licence to be taken continue in put under this act shall endure and have force only for one year force for one

F 3 from year o, ay

7q Anno vicesimoli^ C 48. [178a,

from the day of granting the same; but if a licence fhatt he granted to two or more persons, and any or either of them dial die before the expiration of the year, it shall continue until such expiration in favour of the survivors or survivor of the persons licensed.

X And whereas great part of the buftnefi of in fur antes against hfs by fire is transacted at offices kept by companies not incorporate, but tonfijling of a great number of partners; be it therefore enacted, Clause relative That where such btrfinefs of insuring is carried on by such com to companies parties not incorporate, or by a greater number of partners than °rp0 fchjr' ^cenc^ to be granted by the said commissioners of rate*in manner aforesaid, shall be granted to such two or

more of any such company or partners, as and for the whole company or partnership, as shall be named to the said commissioners under authority from such company or partnership; and in every such case, the licence shall continue in force until the end of one year from the day of grafting the same, notwithstanding the deaths of all the persons to whom such licence shall be granted, for the benefit of such company or partncrship. office keep XL And be it further enacted, That all and every person jtis, on grant and persons, and body and bodies politic or corporate, foto of^insurance^*, ccn^ as aforesaid, who or which, from and after the said are to receive twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and the duty pay eighty two, shall grant any policy of insurance for insuring pro able to hi perty from loss by fire, or shall continue o insure on any po to^ivea rey themselves, or such other person or persons as

ceipt for the are ls> or shall be employed by or under them, previously to lame. the granting or continuing such policy of insurance, ask, demand,

and receive, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of and from the person or persons whose property shall be so insured, the Turn of one shilling, and sixpence for every sum of one hundred pounds for which such policy shall be so made or continued, and foin proportion for any less sum; and shall give a receipt for the duty so paid, as and for one year's duty on such policy, from the day of the date thereof; and in default of receiving such year's duty, in manner aforesaid, such person or persons, or body or bodies politic or corporate, so granting such policy, shall be accountable to his ma jessy, his heirs and successors, for the said year's duty, as if the lame had been actually received.

XII And, in order to regulate the payment of the yearly duty im

jtofed by this afi, during the continuance of the polities of insurance

within this act which ball be granted after the said twenty fourth

day of June, one .thousand/even hundred and eighty two; be it fur

Persons to be there enatf ed, That the person or peefons who for the time be

tncured Hull ing shall be entitled to the benefit of any such policy, shall, at

pay the duty t»lc cnd of the year, for which such policy shall be granted, or

tvithin fifteen days thereafter, and so at the end of every subse the inlurcr, . .J.'e r, .. -...

quent year, during the continuance of such policy, or within

fifteen days thereafter, pay, or cause to be paid, to the intbrer

or insurers in such policy, one year's duty, in respect of this a,

at

*7vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 48.

the rate aforesaid; such insurer or insurers shall, on every such payment, give a printed or written receipt for the said du tj, to the person or persons paying the same; and in case of orlofe the any default of payment of such year's duty, within the time ?*

aforesaid, and before any loss shall be sustained, the policy of m p0lcy* iofui'ance, in respect of which such duty shall accrue, shall, so far as regards the insured, be void to all intents and purposes vhatjoever.

ISLAND, in respect to the payment of the aforesaid duties on such policies of insurance within this act as Shall have been granted kifori the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and etghty two; be it further enacted, That the payment of How the du the said duty on every such policy rtiall commence ana be paid in manner following; (that is to say), on every policy upon sugranted* which the premium has been paid for one year, or for one year before the and a fraction of a year, one year's duty shall be paid on or with commence in fifteen days after the day on which the next yearly payment nt°ftui* of the premium shall become payable, after the said twenty a fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and at the same time there (halt be paid a proportional part of the duty for such fractional part of a year, (not being less''the quarter of a year), as shall have elapsed from the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and on every policy, upon which the premium has been paid for more years than one year, the said one year's duty, and also the said proportional part of the duty for such fraction of a year as aforesaid, rtiall be paid on or within fifteen days after the expiration of the year which, on the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, rtiall be current under such policy; and the said duties shall be afterwards payable yearly, during the continuance of such policies, in the same manner as is heroin before provided in respect to policies of insurance which rtiall be granted after the said twenty-fourth day of 7unet one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and the person or persons, who shall for the tispe being be entitled to the benefit of any such policy as shall have been granted before the frid twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall accordingly pay or cause to be paid the said duty to the insurer or insurers in such policy, in manner herein before mentioned; or in case of any default, such policy shall be void, so far as regards the insured, to all intents and purposes whatsoever #.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Policies'for case of any policy of insurance for less time than a year, the in ej*rt^ a sured person or persons shall be liable to pay only so much of proportional the yearly duty of this act, as Shall bear a proportion to thje ly; fraction or part of the year for which such policy is or shall be

given.

XV Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case as also those of any policy of insurance for one or more year or years, and ^rs^and^ art of a year, the insured person or persons Shall, so far as re posa

F 4 gards year.

How the du'y shallbepaid on new policies taken out before the expiration of the old ones.

Clause relative to insured perfo^s not reddentin Great Britain

When the infuriate money, on taking out a policy, is paid for several years, the insurer may receive the duty for the same term, C

When the proper y of the' wiiuitd thail

Anno vicesimo secundo georgii III c.48. [1782;

gards such fraction or part of a year, only be liable to so much of the said yearly duty as shall bear a proportion to such fraction or part of a year, if the insured person or persons shall, on the first payment of the said duty, pay as well the proportion of the duty for such fraction or part of a year, as the whole of the first year's duty; except a fraction less than a penny which shall not be accounted for.

?VJ. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of talcing out a new policy of insurance before the expiration of an old one, for the sake of insuring a greater or different sum, the same proportionable abatement of the duty, which under this act shall accrue on the new policy, shall be made, as the insurer or insurers shall make in respect of the premium of insurance.

XVII Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in respect to all policies of insurance which shall be subsisting before the pacing of this act, if the insured person or persons in any such policy shall, at the time of the passing of this act, not be in any part of Great Britain, all and every such person and persons shall have one month to be computed from his, her, or their return, for making the first payment of the duty which shall become due from such person or persons by virtue hereof; ancj in the mean time, and until the expiration of one month from the day of his, her, or their return, the policy and policies of all and every such persons, notwithstanding any default of payment of the duty imposed by this act, shall be in full force as if this act had not been made.

XVIII And whereas in the case of infur antes Qgainjl loss by fire for Jevcn years, or any number of years more than one year, the peri fens whose property is insured frequently pay, on taking out a policy of insurance, one entire sum as the premium for the whole term, in jlead of paying an annual premium; and in such cases it may be con venient to pay the duty hereby imposed for the whole term of the policy by one payment in the same manner; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and everybody and bodies politic or corporate, and person and persons, being insurers against loss by fire, within this act, to take by one payment the duty hereby imposed for the whole of the term for which the policy hath beep or shall be granted, if the person or persons whose property shall be insured shall so desire; and in consideration of such prompt and immediate payment of so much of the said duty as by the terms of this act would not be payable till a future time, and in every such case, such insurer or insurers shall have authority to make the same proportional abatement of the duty as the said insurer or insurers hath or have made, or shall make, in consideration of receiving the premium for tyre whole term of insurance by one payment.

XIX And whereas it frequently happens that the property of per font insuring for terms of years cease and determine before the expiration gj the term for which the said insurance was made, be it enacted. That where the property of a person, insured fora term of years, shall terminate or cease beture the expiration of

the

1782.3 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 48. 73

(he term of which such insurance was made, that the commis cease before fxmers of the damp duties may, and they are hereby authorised ^eh?xp^, on and empowered, upon proof made of the truth of the said fast, he overplus 10 allow and pay back to the person or persons respectively ap money to be pointed to receive the said tax as aforesaid, so much of the said returned, duly or rax as (halt appear to have been paid for the unexpired term of the said insurance.

XX And be it further enacted, That all and everybody A true ac and bodies politic or corporate, or other person and persons,

which or who, under this act, shall obtain a licence for any jn£rance\>f

office of insurance, shall, from time to time, keep a true and ficeofthepo

fcithful account in writing, in which shall be inserted the num licies granted,

berofthe policy, or instrument of insurance, whjch, from and nd to whom,

after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven C

hundred and eighty-two, shall be issued or granted by such body

or bodies politic or corporate, or person or persons, the name

or names of the person or persons insuring, with the place or

places of his, her, or their abode, the sum insured, and the

time for which the same is insured; and also the day of the

month, and the date of the year, in which such policy shall be

utued; which said account (nail, at all times, be open for the

inspection of any person or persons duly authorised, under the

bands and seals of the said commissioners for the lamp duties,

or the major part of them, to inspect the same.

XXI And be it further enabled, That all and everybody and Direftiont re bodies politic or corporate, and other person or persons, who ^tive to per or which shall have any licence under this act for an insurance u^newfo? ofice within London or Westminster, or within five miles of either offices within of them, whether the licence of such body or bodies politic or London or corporate, or other person or persons, shall or shall not extend

to any office out of the aforesaid limits, shall, on the twenty of th^ftune! ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, or within two months after, deliver to the said commis ioners of lamp duties, or some person or persons authorised by them, at the head office, to receive the same, a faithful and true account, in writing, of all such policies of insurance as aforesaid, which shall have been issued by such body or bodies politic or corporate, or person or persons iicensed to keep offices of insurance respectively, and shall be, on the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, ouidanding, or be accountable for under this act, and shall at the same time pay all the moneys which shall have been received by them respectively on accoqnt of the aforesaid duties, and before the said twenty-ninth day of September; and from thenceforth (halt, sometime within two months after the twenty-fifth day of December, the twenty-fifth day of Mariby the twenty-fourth day of June, and the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year, or at such other times after the expiration of the said tv o months as may be appointed by the major part of the said commissioners of the lamp duties, giving a previous public Qjtice of fourteen days or more, by advenifement in the London

Gazette

n

Penalty on default.

Directions relative to persons taking out licences for offices more than five miles distant from London and Westminster.

Anno vicesimo secundo Geojigh 111. c.48. [1782.

Gazette deliver, or cause to be delivered to the (hid comwif fioners, or to the person or persons appointed by them for the purpose of receiving the same, at the head office of the said commissioners, true copies of the accounts hereinbefore directed to be kept by such licensed insurance office or offices body or bodies politic or corporate, or such other licensed person or persons, for the quarter which shall be completed before such day of delivery, or notice, as the case shall be; and at the same time shall pay such sum and sums which shall appear to be due on such accounts to the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for receiving the said duties, for the use of his m^jesty, his heirs and successors, at the said head office, upon pain of forfeiting for every default in not delivering true copies of such account, the fom of five hundred pounds, and for every default in payment of the moneys due on such accounts, double the amount of the phoney so due and payable at the time of such default.

XXII And be it further enabled, That all and every iofo rance office or offices, body and bodies politic or corporate, and other person and persons, which or who shall, under this act, obtain any licence for an office of iqfurance, not within London or jvijlminfttr, or within five miles of cither of them, without having any office within the said limits named io such licence, shall, on the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand fevqn hundred and eighty-two, or within two months after, deliver to the head distributor of damped vellum, parchment, and paper, in and for the county in which such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, foto be licensed, shall have their chief office of infuraoce, or to the person or persons duly authorised and comn^fiioned, under the hands and seals of three of the said commissioners for lamp duties, to receive such accounts, and the money due thereon, a faithful and true account, in writing, of all such policies of insurance as aforesaid as shall have been issued by such licensed person or persons, or body 01 bodies politic 'or corporate, and shall, on the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, or within two months after, be outstanding, or be accountable for under this adt$ and shall, at the same time, pay all th moneys which shall have been received by them respectively, ot account of the aforesaid duties, before the said twenty-ninth da] of September j and from thenceforth shall, same time within tw< months after the twenty-fifth day of December, the twenty fiftl day of March, the twenty-fourth day of June, and the twenty ninth day of September, in every year, a at such other time after the expiration of the said two months as may be appoints by the head diflributor, or the person or persons Jo to be au thorized to receive the said duties, giving a previous notice C fourteen days, or more, by advertisetnent in the London gozetu or in the newspaper, if any such there be, published in and fc the county where such head, distributor resides, deliver, or caul*. t

ljqoqle

75

1782.i Anno viccsimo feeundo Georgii III. c.48.

to be delivered, to such head distributor, or other person or per foiu aforesaid, true copies of the accounts herein before directed to be kept by such lieenfed infarer or insurers, for the quarter which shall be completed before such day of delivery, or notice, as the case qiah be; and at the same time shall pay to such head Penalty on distributor, or other person or persons foto be authorised as default, aforesaid, all sums of money which shall appear to be due upon such accounts, under the penalty of forfeiting, for every default in not delivering such accounts, the sum of two hundred pounds, and for every default in payment of the moneys due on such accounts, double the amount of the said moneys due on the said account at the time of such default.

xxhi. And it is hereby enabled, That the said receiver-general An allowance of the ramp duties at the head office, and the bid head diftri of 1 sin^of damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or other per t*°thc (on or persons duly appointed by the major part of the said com office keepers missioner of lamp duties to receive the duties by this aim for receiving poled, shall make an allowance to all and every the person and the duty, and persons, and body and bodies politic or corporate, foto be LI JJ* censed as aforesaid respectively, for their own use and trouble in originally receiving the said duties, and making out such account as is herein before diredlcd, at and after the rate of one shilling in the pound, out of the moneys by them regularly accounted for and paid to such receiver-general or head distributor, or such other person or persons as aforesaid, according to the directions herein before contained.

XXIV And whereas the persons employed in receiving and account i for the duties hereby tmposed, are not appointed to such offices. by.

tu crown, or by any persons authorised by the crowny out are autho Receiving the rized and required to receive the said duties by virtue of this att3 be duties grant it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That such persons so cm ed by this act ployed shall not, on account of receiving or accounting for the shall not dif ia?d duties, be thereby disqualified from voting at any election ?odng for or elections of members to serve in parliament, any law or la members of lute to the contrary notwithstanding. parliament.

XXV And be it further enacted. That all pecuniary penal Penalties to

ties hereby imposed shall be divided and didributed in manner belong half to following; that is to say, one moiety thereof shall belong to his to

Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moidty thereof, tjjc informed with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform

or sue for the same, id any of his majesty's courts at wejlmin jltr, for offences committed in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed', or in his majesty's court of sessions, or court of exche,

Suer, in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great 'retain called Scotland, by aflion of debt, bill, plaint, or infor raation, wherein no eflbin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVI And be it further cnalted by the authority aforesaid.

That the duties herein before granted shall be paid, from time Duties to be to time, into the hands of the receiver-general, for the time p«dtothe king, of the duties on damped vellym# parchment, and paper, j^ral^an^by i who*7

7 6

him paid into the exchequer.

Applicjati

thereof.

ttion

Persont sued for executing this act, may plead the general issue.

and recover treble costs.

Anno viccfuno secundo Georgii III 0.49, 50. [1782.

who shall keep a separate and diftina account of the duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid: and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, foto be paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are direacd to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for raising a certain sum of money by ivory of annuities, and for ejiabujbing a lottery.

XXVII And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, shall, at any time or times, be sued, tnolested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons, and bodies politic or corporate, shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defencej and if, upon the trial, a verdia shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIX

An act to reaify a mistake in an act of this session of parliament, with re fpea to preventing the importation and running ot tea into this kingdom, in armed vessels having letters ot mark, or other commission* from the admiralty.

Cap. », of the present session recited. A mistake in the recited act ratified, by leaving out the word not, and making it any tea exceeding the quantity of six pounds weight, Ac.

CAP. L

An act for further continuing an aa, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for appointing and enabling commissioners to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the public ter vice 5 and what defers there are in the present mode of receiving, colleaiqg, issuing, and accounting for public money; and in what more expeditious and tf feaual, and less expensive manner, the said services can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the public.

20 Geo. 3. C 54, and 11 Geo. 3. C 45, recited. Thomas Anguish, Arthur Piggott, Richard Neave, Samuel Beaclicroft, and George Drummond, efqrs. appointed commissioners to examine and flare the public accounts of the kingdom. The recited aas to continue in force after July 5, 1781,

(except

i; 82.j Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 51, 52.

(except where altered by this act) and maybe executed by any three or more commissioners. No commissioner to hold a civil office of profit doling pleasure under his Majesty. Any three of the commissioners to be firorn before the chancellor of the exchequer, Sec. The oath.

I A. B. do swear, that, according to the best of my (kill and knowledge, 1 will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several powers and tnifu vested in roe by an act, intituled, An act for further continuing an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for appointing and enabling commissioners to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom | and to report what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the public service; and what defects there are in the present mode of receiving! coue&ing, listing, and accounting for pubiicjc money) and in what more expeditious ana effectual, and less expensive manner, the said ferrets can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the public, acccpding to the tenor and purport of the said act.

The said three commissioners to administer the oath to the rest. Lords of the treasury to pay s, oool. to the order of the commissioners, for the payment of derks, messengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other Kcefiary charges of executing the act. Executors of accountants to attend commissioners, and execute their orders. Continuance of this act one year, from the 5th of July 178s, and no longer.

CAP. LI

An act to discharge and indemnify the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all damage, interests, and Losses, in respect to their having made default in certain payments due to the public, on 'such payments being made at a future stipulated time!' and to enable the said company to continue a dividend of eight pounds per centum to the proprietors of their flock for the present year.

Recital of 11 Geo. 3. C 65. A statement bath been made up of the profit and loisof the company from March, 1781, to March, 178s, whereby it appears that the net profits of the company, in that year, did not amount to so much as a dividend upon their stock, at the rate of 8 percent, per m. try the sum of1, 013 1. Commissioners of the treasury may allow the company further time for payment of 396, 4661. s. 6d. due for customs, and 100, 0001. due the ift of December, 1781, to such time as they think fit, not exceeding the first of April, 17835 on payment whereof the com play foal! be indemnified. The company empowered to set apart, between March 1, 178a, and March 1, 1783, a Aim sufficient to pay a divided of 8 percent, on the capital of 3, 100, 0001. stock, and to charge the ferae as a oebt in the annual account to be made up to the 1 ft of March, 17855 and if any deficiency in the annual account, to be carried forward is a charge in the account of the fuccetding vear. The deficiency in la ft yen's account to be tarried forward as a charge in the account of the present year.

CAP. LII

fa act for preventing the slaughtering of cattle within the city of Edinburgh, and for removing nuisances and annoyances therefrom.

Edinburgh greatly extended by authority of 7 Geo. 3. C 17. Slaughtering of cattle within the city prohibited. Flesh may be sold in the city. Magiftmesof Edinburgh empowered to order nuisances to be lemovtd. ^uffioners appointed to settle damages, and recompense to be made to corporation of flelhem their award to be final, and may be given in ftiface. First meeting of the commissioners appointed July i, 1781.

17 assessed for daqiages to incapacitated persons, to be placed at in

78 Anno vicesimo secundo Gioloil III C 554 54. [178^

terest in Hie bank of Scotland. Corporation of Aethers not liable to pe iralty for flautbtering cattle, till the cotnmissioner* have executed the act Right of election of the corporation of ffeibers saved. Ground whereot the slaughter hoefes now stand may be sold. Bod Let politic, C eml powered to sell houses and around. Money pud for entailed estates to t hid out in purchases, and settled to like uses. Penalty on breaking ad throwing down lamps; for the first offence not more than 90*. frerhng nor under so s. for the second, and every other offence 50*. or on non payment may be committed to the house of conreftion for not more thai three months, if forfeiture not paid in mean time. Lord provoff and ma gi Urates to determine offences against the act. Rights of the city refereed Application of penalties, one moiety to the charity workhouse of Edinburgh, the other to the informer who shall foe, C To be a pub lick aft.

CAP. LIII

An act to repeal an act, made in the year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the better securing the dependency of the kingdom of Ireland upon the crown of Great Britain.

[Preamble. 6 Geo. 1. c.5. recited, and repealed.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the better securing the dependency of the kingdom of Ireland upon the crown of Great Britain; may it please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, the above mentioned act, and the several matters and things therein contained, shall be, and is and are hereby repealed.

CAP. LIV

An act for, retraining sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perrin esquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time ] and f dilebvering their estates and effects, and preventing the transporting C alienating the same.

Sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, heretofore governor and president of Fa Saint George on the coat of Coromandel in the Eat Indies, and Pen Perring C (choir, lately one of the council of the settlement a sore laid, n to go out of the kingdom before Feb. 1, 17.83; and before Aug. 1 C 178 each to enter into recognisance, with two sureties, in the court of exch quer, in the penalty of xoo, oool. for sir Thomas Rumbold, 50, 000!. fj his sureties, none less than io, oool. and 50, 0001. for Peter Perring efi and 20, 0001, for his sureties, none less than 5, oool. with condition ni to go or depart out of this kingdom before Feb. 1, 1783. For taking, ei tering and inrolling whereof only tos. to betaken, besides the ftamf duty. In default of entering into proper recognisances before August 1 178s, to be committed to the Fleet prison, C Sir Thomas Rumboj and Peter Perring esq. shall, before Nov. 1, 1781, deliver into the coul of exchequer two particulars of their respective estates, goods, Ac. BRONS of the exchequer to deliver one duplicate of the particulars to tl fpfaker of the house of lords, and the other to the speaker of the house I commons. If the particulars shall appear evasive or unsatisfactory, k the barons of the exchequer are to examine the person delivering the sara upon interrogatories. In default of attendance upon any summons fro

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 55.

(he fifid barons, they tuny issue their warrant for apprehending the de taker; loan refuting to be examined, Ac. shall be committed. Per fens detaining any port of the property of sir Thomas Rumbold, or Peter farfagefq. or able to give information concerning the same, mid who flail refuse to come before the said barons, Ac. when lawfully Cum mooed, fall be committed. Sir Thomas Rumbold and Peter Perring esq. disabled from aliening or encumbering their real estates, until Feb. i, 1783; and «)fb from assigning their perional effates, except for the fubftftence of rbeafekes and families, or for paying their just debts contracted before April 19, 17s13 and except perifnable goods, and so much of their respec tyre estate as will indemnify their lureties. Praviso, that sir Thomas Rumbold may pay or secure 30, 000]. and Peter Perring 10, 0001. as a provision for their children, in case of marriage, which is not to be affected b7 such recognisance. This act not to difeble sir Thomas Rumbold dr Peter Perring esq. from dtfpofingof their eft a tes or pffcfts, in case they foal! die before Feb. i, 1783, Ac. If sir Thomas Rumbold or Peter Perring esq. Hull, before Feb. i, 1789, convey any of their moneys or effects out of the realm, (except as is excepted), they, and their aiders therein, stall be ponrihed as felons, and suffer death. Ferfons who shall conceal sty effete belonging to sir Thomas Rumbold or Peter Perring esq. and fail not (if in the kingdom) discover the same before Jan. 1, 1783, (and if oat of the kingdom, in six months next alter tbesr arrival) to forfeit treble the value, one moiety to his Majesty, the other to the informer, with costs, and to fofftr imprisonment for an whole year without bail. Persons making dhcovery of any estate or effects concealed, to be allowed twenty percent, if such estate, Ac. beyond sees, and 10 percent, if in the kingdom, out of the net produce. east-india company to send an authenticated copy of the particulars delivered into the court of exchequer, to the fapreme court of judicature in Bengal, Ac. Persons making discovery of concealed estates or effects in India to have an allowance of so percent, of the net produce, and the governor and council of Bengal and Fert Saint George and Bombay respectively, may sue for and recover such difcofcred estate, Ac. in the name of the east-india company. Persons in tafia «rbo lull secrete any estate real or perional after six months, from the rhyme of entering the particulars upon record, to forfeit treble the value, one moiety to the east-india company and the other to the informer, with costs. Forfeited estates, Ac. to be paid into the exchequer. To be 1 pa Wick aft

CAP. LV

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments $ and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver m their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those pvrposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in dties, corpora rioef, and borough towns, whose id millions have been omitted to be lamped according to law, or, having been damped, have been lost or nftlaid i and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped; tod to give farther time to such persons as have omitted to male asd file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys ssd fbliciton.

Perfenrwho fcafre omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to act 1 Geo. 1. flits.c. 13. Act 13 Car. s. stat. t. C 1. Act 15 Car.. C s. Act 30 Car. t. sat. s. C n Act 8 Geo. 1. C 6. Act9Geo. 1. C6. Act 18 Geos. C so, and aft 6geo. 3. C 53. before the periling of this act; and who Hull, on or before Dec.5, 178*, qualify them (el vet, shalt be indemnified againtt forfeitures. Not to indemnify any person for any penalty weaned by neglecting to qualify himself. Not to exempt justices acting without legal qualification. Persons producing appointments and ad milfoils before Dec.5, 178s, Shall be confirmed, and qualified to act as dark, officer, or member of corporations, C may enjoy all offices into*which they have been elected; and shall be indemnified from all penalties

and

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 56. [178^

and damages incurred by reason of omissions Not to extend to rest ore person8 to any office avoided by judgement Persons who shall canfe affidavits to be wed before Michaelmas term 178s, are indemnified and discharged from penalties. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified; may plead the general issue.

cap. LVI

An act more cffeftually to enable the inhabitants of the parish of Saint Luke, In the county of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect, a workhouse, within or near the said pari Hi, for the better reception and employment of the poor of the said parish

fbe reftor, churchwardens and overseers of the poor, for the time being, and the veftryraen and their successors, for ever, appointed trustees, and (even to be a quorum. No contractor to be a trustee. Trustees to pay their own expenses) may borrow 4, 000!. and assign the rates as a fear rity, Assignments not to be chargeable with any stamp duty. Or may raise the said money upon annuities, at not more than 8 percent, if the annuitant is not under forty 'five, nor more than to percent, if not undo] fifty, nor more than is percent if not under sixty, nor any annuity for life under fortyfive years Annuities to be paia quarterly. Names of the persons lending money, and also of the annuitants, to be entered io 8 book. Annuities to be charged on the rates s and shall be exempt frost taxes. Securities assignable, and annuities may be transferred. Memoranda or extracts of assignments to be entered in a book. Annuitants to have an order signed by the trustees, C authorising the churchwardens to pay 1, 0001. of the moneys in their hands, on account of tbd poor, to the trustees, for the purposet of the act. Trustees may purchife or hire ground in the parish of Saint Luke, or in the parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch: may build a workhouse thereon. No contrast shall been < tered into for building the workhouse until fourteen days notice be given. Persons in the workhouse not to gain a settlement in the parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch. Trustees may hire a workhouse. All contrasts to be entered in books. Assessments to be made; not to exceed 6d. in tbs pound per ann. Principal money borrowed to be paid off by the sating, which when it amounts to 1001. to be laid out in flocks, and disposed of as the trustees shall direst. The interest and principal, and annuities, ati to be paid as five trustees shall direst in writing. The rates shall be paid for houses let out in lodgings, or ready furnished, by any occupier thereof. The goods of lodgers, C liable to be diltrained for the rates) and the lodgers, Sec. to be allowed the same out of their rents Lodgers dm. to obtain any settlement by payment of the rates. Rates to be recovered as the poor's rates by act 43 Eliz. C In case of distress expenses may b levied, which shall be settled by the justices granting the warrant. Th rates are to be recovered from persons removing out of the parish, bj distress and sale of goods. Distress not illegal for want of form. pl&intd not to recover after tender of amends. Collectors, See. to account, am pay the balance. On refusal they may be sued. If balance be not paid! it may be levied by distress On failure of distress, C offender may bj committed, until he gives a true accountg and pays or compound, and dq livers up all papers, C Expenses of this act to be first paid. Writings C to be without stamps. Proceedings to be entered in a book, ri Limitation of actions, for afting under this act not till twenty-eight div notice, nor after tender of amends, or after three months after the fast and to be tried in Middlesex. The defendant may plead the general itfu? and give the special matter in evidence and have treble costs. To be public act.

C A F

i; s2. ] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 57;

8l

CAP. LVII

An act for building a new bridge, instead of the present ancient bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridge, at a more convenient place over the liver Loyne, near the town ot Lancaster, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Power to take down the ancient county bridge, and erect a new one opposite Skerton Cross, and to make an highway over the waste without paying for the same. The said new bridge, Sec. not exceeding in length 670 feet. Power to remove obstructions where the bridge is to be built, and to cut drains, See Mayor, See. of Lancaster to make a road over the Green Area, but not to prevent William Bradshaw Bradshaw, Esq. or any other personi, from having such right of ways as they are entitled to over the said Green Area. New bridge to be a county bridge, and repaired as fueb. Roads, when made, declared to be publsck highwayss thofein Skerton to be repaired by the inhabitants of Skerton. Road over the Green Area to be a public highway, and to be repaired by the corporation of Lancaster. In indiftments, lu (Resent to allege generally that defendants ought to repair, See. Power to dig, Sec. materials in waste ground, gratis and in private grounds, making latisfaftion. Justicet to contrast with proprietors for materials, Scc and to settle the recommences and if any per soils tliall be diffathfied therewith, or shall be prevented fjom treating, a jury shall be summoned; who shall assess the damage and re cdtnpence on oath. Verdict of jury, C to be final., On payment or tender of the money attested, justices may employ men to carry on the works: and they are indemnified for what they shall do. Expense of taking down the old bridge and building the new one to be defrayed out of the county rates. Penalty on damaging the bridge. Power to sell the materials of the old bridge, dec. Power to dispose of the ancient bridge to the com miffianers of the Quay of Lancaster, under aft is Geo. 3. C St. who may keep the same up or not and on twenty days notice, that the new bridge 2nd roads are paflable*, the county discharged from repairing the old bridge, and the same to cease to be a public bridge or highway. The same tolls to be taken by the corporation of Lancaster at the new bridge as they were entitled to take at the old one. The claims of compensation by Mr. Bradshaw, for damages to his mill and fishery, and by Mr. Mafom, for the like to his houses in Bridge Lane, to be tried: to be brought in six months after passing'the act, by actions, in any court of record at vmminster, against the treasurer of the county, to be tried at the next ifoes for the counties of Lancaster or Westmoreland, at the election of the plaintiff. If no damages ave found, the plaintiff to pay the colts, and for ever debarred from any recompense but if a verdict for the plaintiff, the record and pbftea to be delivered to the clerk of the peace to be filed, and the cods and damages to be paid out of the county rates as soon as the old bridge is pulled down or rendered impaftable (except as to Mr. Bradshaw, which is to be paid as soon as the new bridge is built). Receipts to be given. Proceedings not to be delayed by the death of any of the parties. Costs and expenses to be paid out of the general stock of the c>unty. No satisfaction to be given to Mr. Bradshaw or Mr. Mason, if a&ooiare not commenced within a limited time. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sections; whose determination shall be final. Saving of rights of the corporation of Lancaster, Mr. Bradshaw, or any others, farther than pecessary for erecting and maintaining the said bridge. Limitation of actions, for acting under this act, to be brought in three months after the fast. The defendant may plead the general ifftie, and give the special master in evidence, and have treble coifs. Inhabitants ofuocaster may serve on juries, Sec. To be a public act.

G

CAP.

Voi. XXXIV

82 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 58. [1782.

CAP. LVIII

An act for tbt more easy discovery and effehuai punishment of buyer and receivers of Jiolen goods.

Preamble.1x7 H E R E A S the pernicious practises of buying and receiving W Jiolen goods are become a great evil, by reason of the difficult of discovering the ptrfons guilty of the same, and of the infujpcient of the laws now in being for the punishment of such offender s, in certain cajes; be it therefore enacted by the king's most exccljen majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliamer After Aug. i, assembled, and by the authority of the same. That from an, 78*> «*ery after the first day of Auguffi one thousand seven hundred am Sreceiving12 eigluy tvvo> in all cases whatsoever where any goods or chattel Itolen goods (except lead, iron, copper, brass, bell metal, and folder), shall shall be deem have been feloniously taken or stolen, whether the offence C ed guilty of a the person or persons so taking or dealing the same, shall a and pros mount to grani larceny, or some greater offence, or to peti cuted accord larceny only, (except where the person or persons actually com ingty. mitting the felony shall have been already convicted of gran

larceny, or of some greater offence), every person who shall bit or receive any such goods and chattels, knowing the same^have been so taken or stolen, shall be held and deemed guilt of, and may be prosecuted for, a misdemeanour, and shall b punched by fine, imprisonment, or whipping, as the court ( quarter sessions, who are hereby empowered to try such offer der, or as any other court before which he, (he, or they, (ha be tried, shall think fit to inflidl; although the principal felc or felons be not before convicted of the said felony, and whethi he, (he, or they, is or are amenable to justice or not; any la or statute to the contrary notwithstanding: and in cases whei the felony actually committed shall amount to grand larcen or to some greater offence, and where the person or perfoi actually committing such felony shall not be before convidei such offender or offenders shall be exempted from being punifl ed as accefiary or acceflaiies, if such principal felon or feloi shall be afterwards convicted.

Justices may II And be it further enndted by the authority aforesaid, Th

w^rrantsto* a13'! anc may lavy fr any one justice of the peace, u discover stolen on complaint made before him upon oath, that there is reai\ goods. to suspect that stolen goods are knowingly concealed in 31 dwelling house, outhouses, garden, yard, crofr, or other pla or places, by warrant under his hand and seal, tocaufceve such dwelling house, outhouses, garden, yard, croft, or oth punwhmentof place or places, to be searched m*the daytime; and the peril, or persons knowingly concealing the said stolen goods, or 2 they are^part thereof, or in whose custody the same, or any part therei

found. shall be found, he, (he, or they, being privy thereto, shall

deemed and held guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall and m u

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 58.

be brought before any justice of the peace for tyre county, city town corporate, riding, division, liberty, or place, and made amenable to answer the same, by like warrant of any such justice, and being thereof convufted by due course of law, ihfch be punishable in the manner aforesaid.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforefgjd.

That every constable, head borough, or tithing man, in cyery Constables,

county, city, town corporate, riding, division, liberty, or other

place where there shall be officers, and every beadle within his £onf fulpe&ed

ward, parish, or district, and every watcliman, during such time of having any

only as he is on his duty, shall and may apprehend, or cause to stolen good,

be apprehended, all and every person and persons, who may

reasonably be fufpedfed of having, or carrying, or any ways con fun rfsing, C

veying, at any time after fun setting, and before fun rising, any

goods or chattels fufpefled to be stolen, and the same, together

with such person or persons, as soon as conveniently may he,

to convey or carry before any justice of the peace for the county,

city, town corporate, riding, division, liberty, or place aforesaid,

to be dealt with according to law; and such person and persons,

so carrying or conveying such goods or chattels, knowing the

same to have been stolen, and being thereof convicted, by due

course of law, shall be deemed and held to be guilty of a mif

demeanpr, and, on conviction as aforesaid, fhsll be imprisoned

for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than

three calendar months.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That every person, to whom any goods or chattels, which have Persons offer been feloniously stolen or taken, shall be brought and offered, n ft°lcn to be sold, pawned, or delivered, shall, and is hereby empower , Jj0^ ed and required (there being reasonable cause to suspect that, ol^\\ be such goods or chattels Were stolen) to apprehend, secure, and taken before a carry before a justice of the peace for the county, city, town justice. corporate, riding, division, liberty, or place, where the same goods and chattels shall be so brbught or offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered, (having it in his or her power foto do), the person and persons bringing or offering the same.

V And be it further enatfted by the authority aforesaid. That Persons under if any person or perfops, being out of custody or in custody, if 15 years of under the age of fifteen years, upon any charge of felony within ^*rngcd benefit of clergy, shall have committed any felony after the first w

day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, and to his ma shall afterwards discover two or more persons who shall have jetty's pardon, bought or received any goods or chattels, which shall have been feloniously stolen or taken from any other person or persons, after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, knowing the lame to be stolen, so as two or more of the persons discovered shall be convicted of such buying or receiving, he, (he, or they, so discovering, shall have and be entitled to the gracious pardon of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for all such felonies by him or her committed at

G 2 any

$4 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 59, 66. [1782*

any time or times before such discovery made, which pardon shall be likewise a bar to any appeal brought for such felony.

This act not VI Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall to repeal any extend to repeal any former law now in being for the punish for^uniih matt of such offenders; and provided also, that such offender ing^uch of a^cr having been prosecuted and convicted under this act, shall

fenders. not, for the same offence, be afterwards punished, or liable to

be punished by any such former law.

CAP. LIX

An act to provide that the proceedings on the bill, now depending in parliament, for inflicting certain pains and penalties on sir Thomas Rumbold baronet, and Peter Perring esquire, for certain breaches of public trust, and high crimes and misdemeanours, committed by them whilit they respectively held the offices of governor and president, coitn lellors, and members of the select committee of the settlement of Fort Saint George, on the coast of Coromandal, in the East Indies, shall not be discontintied by any prorogation or diftolution of the parliament.

CAP. LX

An act to prevent the educing of artificers or workmen employed in printing calicoes, cottons, muslins, and linens, or in making or preparing blocks, plates, or other implements used in that manufactory, to go to parts beyond the seas; and to prohibit the ex potting to foreign parts of any such blocks, plates, or other implements.

Preamble.

Penalty on persons enticing workmen employed in printing calicoes, cottons, C to leave the kingdom.

WHEREAS the buftnefs or manufactory of printing calicoes cottons, muslins, and linens, with wooden blocks, has been long carried on in this kingdom greatly to the advantage of the publicity and has of late years been much improved by uftng therein engraved plates of copper or aether metal and thereby the sale of such goods has been considerably increased, and large quantities exported: and whereas y for the encouraging of such manufactory in this kingdomy it is nccejj'ary that provifon jfhould be made to prevent artificers and others employed therein, or in making or repairing such blocks and plattsy from departingy or from being (educed to depart out of this kingdom j and to prohibit the exportation of any blocks, platesy engines, toolsy or utenfiis, to be used in such manufactory: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the paf&ng of this acts, if any person or persons shall contract with, entice, persuade, or endeavour to seduce or encourage, any artificer or workman concerned or employed, or who mall have worked at, or been employed in printing calicoes, cottons, muslins, or linens of any sort, or in making or preparing, any blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, for such manufactory, to go out of Great

Britain %

1782, ] Anno vicesimo secundo georgit III C 60. £5

Britain, to any part beyond the seas, and shall be convifled thereof, upon indictment or information in the court of king'* bencfi at Westminster, or by indictment at the assizes or general gaol delivery for the county or place wherein such offence shall be committed, or the offender or offenders shall live or reside, or by indictment in the court of judiciary, or any of the circuit coarts in Scotland, as the case may be; every person so convicted shall, for every artificer so contracted with, enticed, persuacted, encouraged, or seduced, or attempted foto be, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain and shall be committed to the common gaol for the county, place, or stewartry, wherein the offender or offenders shall be convicted, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of twelve calendar months, and until such forfeiture shall be paid; and in case of a subsequent offence of the firae kind, the person or persons so again offending, shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for every person so con 1

traded with, enticed, persuacted, encouraged, or seduced, or attempted foto be, the fumf of one thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall be committed to the common gaol as aforesaid, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for and during the term of two years, and until such forfeiture lball be paid.

1l Provided always, That no person shall be prodbcuted for Prosecution to any of the offences aforesaid, unless such prosecution shall be J commenced within the space of twelve calendar months next months."* after such offence shall be committed.

III And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Penalty on passing of this act, it shall not be lawful for any person or per exporting, or fbns whomsoever to export from Great Britain to any parts be ^p^t^any ° yond the seas, any blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, blocks'plates, commonly used in, or which are proper for the preparing, cussed in working up, or finishing of the callicoe, cotton, muslin, or LI thef ma nen printing manufactures, or any part or parts of such blocks, nufa or plates, engines, tools, or utensils; and if any person or performs shall put or endeavour to put on board any ship, boat,

barge, lighter, or other vessel, not bound directly to same port in Great Britain, any such blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof, every such person shall forfeit all such blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof; and also shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of fefgon in Scotland, respectively, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

IV And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Officers im passing of this act, it shall be lawful for any officer or officers of powered tp his majesty's customs or excise, and they are hereby required

and directed, from time to time, to seize, and secure in some as shall be at % his Maj city's warehouses, all such blocks, plates, engines, tempted to be

G 3 _ ' tools, exported.

s6

Penalty on captains, mailers, C who shall permit such blocks, plates, C to be put on board their vdtcls.

Penalty on

officers who shall take any entry outward for ex porting any of the said blocks, C

Application of

forfeitures

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III co. [1782.

tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof, the exportation thereof is hereby prohibited, as he or they shall find, or be informed to be on board, or in a way of being put on board any ship, boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, not bound directly to some port in Great Britain; and all blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof, so seized, shall, after condemnation thereof in due course of law, be publicly sold to the bed bidder, to be used in 'Great Britton* and not elsewhere; and one moiety of the produce shall go to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who shall have seized and secured the! same.

V And be it .further enacted. That, from and after the passing of this act, if the captain, master, mate, or other officer, of any ship or other vessel in Great Britain or Ireland, shall willingly or knowingly permit or suffer any such blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof, to be put on board his or their ship or other vessel, or shall connive at the; same being done, he or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit) and pay the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered as the penalties by this act imposed on; persons exporting blocks, or other things, as aforesaid, are directed to be recovered; and if the ship or vessel belongs to hi Majesty, his heirs or successors, the captain, or other officer orj officers thereof, so permitting, suffering, or conniving, shall, be j fides forfeiting the said sum of one hundred pounds, be, anq is and are hereby declared to be incapable of holding any office or edmmission under his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

VI And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, if any officer or officers of his majesty's customs shall take, or knowingly and willingly permit or allow, or suffer to be taken, any Gentry or entries outward, or sign any cocket or cockets or sufferance, for the shipping or exporting of any of the said blocks, plates, engines, tools, or utensils, or part or parts thereof, or knowingly suffer the same to be done, he or they shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds o lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered in manner aforesaid 5 and shall also forfeit and lose his or their office or employ ment and be for ever rendered incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

VII And be it further enacted, That one moiety of the re

Limitation of actions.

spective forfeitures, by this act inflicted on offenders against tb same, shall, when lecovered, go and be applied to the use ol his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and the other moiety tc the use of the person or persons who shall sue and prosecute toi the same respectively.

VIII And be it further enacted, That if any action or fail shall be commenced against any person for what he shall do it purs iance of this act, such action or fust shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the fact committed; ansi the person so sued shall and may file common bail, and enter;

commoi

i7$2*] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 61. 87

common appearance, and j>lead the general issue not guilty, and General iflye. may give this act and the (pedal matter in evidence; and ifthe plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonfuir, or suffer disconti nuance, or if a verdict shall pass against him, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against him, then, and in any gf the cases aforesaid, the defendant shall recover treble costs. Treble code.

CAP. LXI

An act for granting an additional duty upon white or manufacturei bees wax imported into Great Britain,

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's pub lick expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after After July the twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ist n ad eighty two, over and above all subsidies of tonnage and pound ditional duty age, and all other subsidies and duties whatsoever, due and pay l*rh able for all white or manufactured bees wax imported into Great s^ictfor^n Britain, by any act or acts of parliament now in force, there white bees shall be raifpd, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his wax imported. heirs and fijyoceilbrs, before landing thereof, the additional rates, l*to this king duties, and ioipofts following, without any discount or deduc dom

ion whatsoever; that is to say.

For every pound weight avoirdupoifeof such white or manu fadured bees wax, which shall be imported into this kingdom, the sum of threepence, and after that rate for any greater or lets quantity.

II And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said additional rate or duty herein before mentioned, shall be also subject and liable to an additional impostor duty of fivepounds per centum, in the same manner, and under the lame regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per centum is granted to his Majesty by an act made in the nineteenth year of his majesty's reign, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective tommissioners of the customs end excise in Great Britain.

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore scud, That the said several duties and imposts, herein before

G 4 granted.

The new duty to be subject to an additional 5 percent, agreeable to i9geo.3.c.*5«

The new duties to be levied and recovered in the

duties on bees wax

and to be under the management of the commissioners of the customs.

How to be paid into the exchequer.

88 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C [1782.*

same manner granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in manner an forna, and by such ways, means, and me m thods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the former duties now payable to his Majesty upon bees wax are raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several dauses, powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act; and the same shall be under the management of the respective commissioners of the customs and their officers for the time being, and shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the customs in England, and shall be by him paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer in the following manner; that is to say. The said additional duty upon white and manufactured bees wax shall be paid in distinct and apart from all other moneys which such receiver-general shall receive for the use of his Majesty, hrs heirs and successors, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned; and the said additional import of five pounds per centum upon the duty granted by this act, shall be paid in as part of the said import granted by the before mentioned act of the nineteenth year of his present majesty's reign, under the title and description of The impojl one thousand ftven hundred and seventy nine.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of

office in which the ai rccc*p* exchequer a book or books, in which all the the new duty moneys arising from the said duty and import, and paid into the shall be fepa said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from lately entered. an other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and Application successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this session of parliament for this purpose, and not otherwise applied, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for ejlablijking a lottery

V Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That upon the exportation of any white or manufactured bees wax from this kingdom to any port or place beyond the seas as merchandise, the exporter shall be paid and allowed a drawback of all the before mentioned duties paid upon the importation of such bees wax by virtue of this act; which drawback or allowance shall be made in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in alt re fpects, as any former drawback or allowance payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of bees wax was, could, or might be made, before the parting of this act.

A book to be

provided in the auditor's

thereof.

A drawback of the duties to be allowed on exportation.

CAP.

lysi.] Anno viccfimosecundo Georgii III c.€2

99

CAP. LXII

jfn act to explain and amend so much of an act, made in the Jeconi year of the reign of his present Majesty, for raising and training the militia, as relates to persons paying the sum of ten pounds being liable to serve again in the militia at the expiration of three years; and also to oblige substitutes to make oath respecting their place of Jet element.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the second year of the reign Preamble of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws recited? now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England), it is enacted.

That if any person, chosen by lot to serve in the militia, (not being one of the people called Quakers), Shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the oath by the j'said act required, and serve in the militia, or provide a substitute, to be approved as therein mentioned, who Shall take the said oath, and ftgn his consent to serve as a substitute, every such person so refusing or neglecting Shall forfeit the Jum of ten pounds, and at the expiration of three years be liable to serve again, or provide a substitute: ana whereas it is by the said act likewise enacted

That no person having served personally, or by fubfitute, in the militia, Shall be obliged to serve again, until by rotation it comes to his item: and whereas very high prices are frequently given by persons tbofen by lot to serve in the militia, for the hire of substitutes to serve in their lead: and whereas such high prices are attended with many inconveniences, and are, in a great measure, owing to the advantages which persons providing substitutes are infilled to in preference to those who pay the penalty of ten pounds directed by the said act to be paid by persons refusing or neglecting to serve in the militia: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the persons chosen authority of the same. That if any person chosen by lot to serve in the militia, in the militia shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be and Paying applied to the purposes directed by the said act, such person shall £ ©bh ed"to not be obliged to serve in the militia, until by rotation it shall fervc u, t; i £ come to his turn; any law, (latute, or usage, to the contrary Shall come to thereof notwithstanding. their turn.

II Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore Substitutes to said. That no person offering himself to serve as a substitute in be (Worn, the militia, shall be accepted and enrolled as such, unless he takes and subseribes the following oath; videlicet \

1a. B. do Jolemnly swear. That, to the best of my knowledge and The oath.

belief, the place of my settlement is the parish of in the county of [being the county in which the

substitute then offers to serve]

Which

go Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 63. [1782;

Which oath any one deputy lieutenant, or one juttice of the peace, are hereby required to administer at that meeting of deputy lieutenants and justices where such substitute is to be enrolled.

Not to extend ill. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing to substitutes in this a & contained shall extend to substitutes now serving in willing to con any corps of militia, who may, when the time of their present expiration ofc tervicc is expired, be willing to continue to serve in the lame their time of corps for a further time, service.

CAP. LXIII

An act to repeal so much of an afi, made in the nineteenth year of King George the Second, (for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for the other purposes therein mentioned), as refrains the use of the Highland dress.

Preamble. WHEREAS by an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, 19 geo!*.c. 39. An act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in scot recited. land, and for more efledtuaily securing the peace of the said Highlands; and for retraining the use of the Highland dress; and for further indemnifying such persons as have acted in defence of his majesty's person and government, during the unnatural rebellion; and for indemnifying the judges and other officers of the court of judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the northern circuit in May, one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and for obliging the matters and teachers of private schools in Scotland, and chaplains, tutors, and governors of children or youth, to take the oaths to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to register the same; it was, among other things? enabled. That, from and after the first day of August, one ^thousand seven hundred and forty seven, no man or boy, within that fart of Great Britain called Scotland, other than such as should be employed as officers and soldiers in his Majesty s foroes, Should, on any freteuu whatsoever, wear or put on the clothes, commonly called Highland Clothes; that is to say). The plaid, philebeg or little kilt, trowfe, Jhouller belts, or any part whatsoever of what peculiarly belongs to the Highland garb, and that no tartan, or party colourid plaid or fuss, Should be ufedfor great coats or for upper coats, under the penalties therein mentioned; and the time appointed for laying aftde the [and Highland dress was, in certain cases therein mentioned, further prolonged by two several acts, one made in the twentieth, and the other in the twenty frfi year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second: and whereas it is judged expedient that jo much of the asls abovementioned as refrains the use of the Highland dress should be repealed: be it therefore enacted by the king's So much of moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the recited act, the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present or any other parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ftf*' a\he f muck as at*ovc mentioned, or any other act or acts

1782.] Anho vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 64. 51

of parlitfncnr, as restrains the use of the Highland dress, be, and of the high the same aris hereby repealed. 'and dreis,

repealed

CAP LXIV

Ik o3 for the amending and rendering mm effectual the idios iti king relative to houses of correction

whereas^/w ad, made in the seventh year of the reign preamble.

of his late majesty King James the fir/i, for the due execu Rcc u Of an tion of diverse laws and statutes theretofore made against rogues, va a 7 jac. ic gabonds, and sturdy beggars, and other lewd and idle persons± houses 45 of correction are directed to be provided in every county, and fumijbed with all necissary mills and other implements to fet the rogues, vaga tends and ftoerdy beggars, and other idle and disorderly persons, t<r work, at the expense of every such county, by order of the fuftius of the peace at their general quarter fejftons, who are also to appoint a governor or mqfter of every futh house of correction, with power to fet the [aid persons on work: and whereas by an act made in the even teenthyettr of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, aimj, 7gco. a to amende and make more effectual, the laws relating to rogues, C vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to the houses of correction, the justices of the peace are authorised, upon presentment of the grand jury at the affixes, that the house of correction is not sufficient or convenient, by order, at their general porter sessions of the peace, to enlarge, or buy, or hire a more convenient house, or to purcbofe land for such buildings, and for a convenient outlet, and to erect such houses, and to raise upon the county such sums of money as ball be necessary for those purposes: and where ft, by many other acts of parliament, persons are directed to be sent by warrants from justices of the peace to the houses of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for a limited time: and whereas in many counties the said houses of correction are insufficient in number, or deficient in building', and the apartments in them are very ill accommodated to the purposes for which they were intended; by medns whereof, and front a want of due order, employment, and iifeipline in such houses of eorrettion, the persons sent thither for correction and reformation frequently grow more diffiolute and abandoned during their continuance in such houses: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King rood excellent majesty, by and whh the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflsembled, and by the authority of die same. That the justices of the peace in every county, riding, division, city, their quarter liberty, and precindl, within England and Wales, at their respec sessions, 10 tive quarter sessions of the peace, to be held next after Midfum "^tce Ilf each mer frotn the time of passing this act, shall, and they .are hereby jswsttoex required to nominate one or more justice or justices of the amine the peace, within their respective jurisdictions, divisions, or diitri&s, houses of cor whom they iha!l think most proper, to examine and insped the r^!pn* several houses of correction "within their respective jurisdictttons'; and the justice or justices, foto be nominated, i, and, are hereby

required

Good

9*

The justices so nominated to make a report, C to the next Michaelmas qurter feffi nt.

Separate apartments to be provided for persons committed for felony, C

Justices, at their general quarter sessions, to make such orders as they shall think proper. Buildings to be furniflied, and provided with mills, looms canno

vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 64. [1782*

required carefully and diligently to insped the same, with all convenient speed, and to report his or their opinion to the justices of their respective jurisdictions, at the Michaelmas quarter sessions then next following, as to the state and condition thereof, and the increase of number, or additions or alteratioris which

a may judge necessary to make them more convenient and, having regard to the classing of the several persons who shall be kept there, according to the nature of their crimes and punishments, and to the providing proper places for the employment of such persons who are committed to hard labour, and to the keeping every part of such prisons clean and whole fome5 and the said justice or justices, foto be nominated, is and are hereby required to employ proper and (kilful persons to make plans and estimates of new buildings, or the additions or alterations which he or they shall think necessary in the present buildings to make them answer the several purposes of this act; which plans, together with the report of the said justice or justices, shall be laid before the court at the said Muhatlmas quarter sessions; or if, from any difficulties or accidents, such report shall not happen to be made at that sessions, then, and in that case, the same shall be made at or before the Epiphany quarter sessions then next followingj which court is hereby authorised and required to conftder the same, and if they approve such plans, they may adjourn the quarter sessions to a further day for receiving proposals from persons inclined to undertake such work, of which due notice shall be published, and then to contract with such persons whom they shall think most proper to do the same $ or if they disapprove such plans and estimates, to direct such others to be made as they shall think fit, and adjourn their quarter sessions to some further day, to receive such new plans and estimates, and also proposals from persons inclined to undertake the work; and the justices, in settling and adjusting such plans, are hereby required to provide separate apartments for all persons committed upon charges of felony, or convicted of any theft or larceny, and committed to the house of correction for punishment by hard labour, under or by virtue of the laws in being, in order to prevent any communication between them and the other prisoners; and also proper apartments covered or open, as shall be found most convenient for employing the fe verai persons who are to be kept to hard labours and they are also to provide separate apartments, in each division of the said house of correction, for the women who shall be committed thither.

II And be it enacted, That the justices of the peace, at their general quarter sessions, shall, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, upon any report to them made as aforesaid, to make such order thereupon as to them shall seem just, and the nature of the case may require.

III And be it further enacted. That as soon as such building? shall be made, or altered and completed, according to the directions aforesaid, the justices of the peace, at their general quarter sessions, shall order them to. be fitted up and furnished in such

manner

93

ijsi.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 64.'

manner as to them shall Teem fit; and shall also provide such mills, looms, utensils, and implements, as they shall judge proper for employing the fevera) persons who shall be committed to such houses of correction for hard labour: and the said justices shall, at every general quarter sessions of the peace, call upon the keeper of such house of correction to produce to them in writing a lid of the several persons then in custody, with a description of the offence or offences, and the time for which every such person was committed, distinguiftiing particularly those who are directed by the warrant of commitment to be kept to bard labour, and also distinguiftiing the age and sex of every such person committed to hard labour, and in what trade, manufacture, or business, every such person hath been employed, and what he or she hath been mod accudomed to, and is bed qualified for, and how each person has behaved during his or her confinement, according to the bed of his information and observation; which lid the keeper of every such house of correctionis hereby directed to make out, and deliver to the chair condition to man of such court of quarter sessions, as soon as such court deliver to the shall be assembled 5 and the court shall, before the end of that quarter fef session, give such directions for the future employment of the " ns of. said several prisoners as to them shall seem meet j and the ju ^riitefyec^11 dices shall, at their general quarter sessions of the peace, from tyre cuitody. time to time, order and direct a sufficient quantity of materials for manufactures to be provided for the use and employment of the several persons who shall be committed to such houses of correction for hard labour, of such kinds as they in their difere tion shall think most proper; and shall employ some fit person to be the keeper of such house of correction, and may appoint a temporary afiiftant or assistants to indruct such prisoners in any business or branch of manufacture which the justices shall think most proper to be seton foot and undertaken there.

IV And be it further enacted, That the rules, orders, and Rule and regulations, specified and contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, for the better rule and government of the persons to schedule to be committed to the said houses of correction, shall be duly ob be observed served and enforced at every such house of correction, subject in the house nevertheless to such additions as shall from time to time be of corrc«, on made by the judices of the peace for the county, riding, division,

city, town, or place, wherein such house of correction shall be situate, at their quarter sessions which shall be held next after Midsummer or Michaelmas, and which they are hereby au tborifed to make at their discretion; provided that such additions shall not be contradictory to the rules, orders, and regulations edabli(hed by this act: and, for the purpose of having them more generally known, and more strictly attended to, the governors or keepers of every such house of correction shall, and they are hereby required to cause the same to be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous part of every such prison.

V Andin order to defray tie expenses of the several matters and

things

Expenses of maintaining the prisoners in the houses of correction, chow to be defrayed.

Any justice may present the want of houses of correction to the quarter fefluns.

All prisoners in such houses to he employed by the go nernor.

No governor, or officer under hun, to sell wine, See. or any article vitd in the house.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii Ilf. C 64. £1782.

things her tin before directed to be done respe fling houses of correction, and the support and maintenance of prisoners confined there, ad other expenses ntcefjary to the execution of this act, not herein particularly provided for, be ir further enacted, That the justices of the peace at their general quarter sessions, may and shall cause such sums of money, as shall be necessary for all or any of those purposes, to be raised in the same manner as rates are directed to be raised by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the more easy assessng, collefling, and levying of county rates.

VI And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the want of houses of correction, or the i sufficiency thereof, may be presented at the court of quarter sessions by a justice of the peace acting for such division or di strict, on his own view or knowledge thereof, as well as by the grand jury, pursuant to the directions of the said a of the seventeenth year of the reign of his late Majesty 5 which presentment by the justice shall be proceeded upon in the same manner as if it had been made by the grand jury.

VII And bi it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor or keeper of every house of correction, and he is hereby directed to employ all such persons as shall be prisoners therein, and kept and maintained at the ex pence of the county, division, or district, wherein such house of correction is situate, in some work or labour which i9 not severe, although such prisoner was not, by the warrant of his commitment, ordered to be kept to labour; and every such governor or keeper shall enter a separate account of the work done by every person under that description, and shall account with and pay to him or her one half of the net profits, which he or she shall have earned, at'the time of his or her discharge, and not before.

VIII And be it further enacted, That no person or persons who shall be governor or keeper of any house of correction, or who shall have any office or employment, as assistant, or otherwise under such governor or keeper of such house of correction, shall fell, or be capable of being licensed to sell, or have any benefit or advantage whatsoever, directly or indirectly, from the sale of any wine, ale, beer, spirituous or other liquors, or any other article, matter, - or thing, used in such house of correction, or by any person or persons confined therein, during the time of such employment; and every person offending therein shall, on complaint made upon oath, and conviction (or the said offence, before a raagiftrate having jurisdiction there, forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every such offence, and shall be difmiifed from his employment as governor or keeper, or as assistant in such house of correction, by order of the justices at their next general quarter sessions of the peace, on proof being made upon oath before them of the said offence; and that no wine, ale, spirituous or other liquors, shall be brought into the house of correction to be drank there, unless for a medical purpose, by a

95

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C

written direction, under the hand of the apothecary or surgeon usually attending such house of correction; and that the directions given by the said lad mentioned a CL for the inspection and control by the justices over the matter or keeper of every such house of correction, shall be strictly adhered to and enforced, and every such governor and keeper punished for his neglect of duty or mubebaviour, according to the directions of the said act.

IX And be if further enacted, That the justices of the ju(kccs to sit peace, in their respective quarter sessions, shall fix a reasonable a salary for salary for governor or keeper of the house of correction, and the governor, may moreover allow him some proportion of the profits earned

by the prisoners.

X And be it further enacted, That, from and after the No woman to

passing of this act, no woman shall be capable of being appoint he keeper of ed keeper of any house of correction. co^aion.

XI And be it further enacted, That the governor of every Governors house of correction shall have power to put handcuffs or fetters imp0were<l to upon any prisoner who shall behave in a refractory manner, or handcuff re shew a disposition to break out of piifon; but liich governor fra&orypri shall give notice thereof to one of the visiting justices, within f°ncri' forty-eight hours after the prisoner shall be so fettered; and he

shall not continue such fettering longer than IX days, without obtaining an order in writing from one of the visiting juftipes.

XII And be it further enacted, That the justices of the justices may peace, at their general quarter sessions, may, if they think fit, appoint a appoint a minister of the church of England, residing in or near clergyman to the place where every such house of correction shall be situate, rine°fcrv\ce to perform divine service there every Sunday, and may appoint many house such salary for his trouble as they shall think fit, not exceeding of correction, twenty pounds per annum, to be paid by the treasurer of the

county, riding, division, or place, where such house shall be situate, out of the county rates, or other public money to be collected therein; but such salary to be diminished, at any future quarter sessions, if the justices shall think fit.

XIII And be it further enacted, That all penalties inflicted Penalties how by this act shall, in default of payment, after due summons and to be recover demand made, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's ai>' goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and p 1

seal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus,

(if any), after the charges of such distress and sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such justice of the peace to commit such offender to the common gaol orshouse of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any space not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than one calendar month; and that every such penalty and forfeiture shall be paid to the treasurer of the county, riding, division, or district, where such house of correction shall be situate, in aid of the common dock, out of which the

expenses

96

Public a.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III c.64; [178*1

cxpences attending the execution of the several purposes of this act are to be paid as aforesaid.

XIV And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and others, without the same being specially pleaded.

Rules orders, and regulations, to be observei and enforced at every house of correction provided and establijbed, or to be provided and establijbed\ under the authority of the acts of the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King James the First^ the seventeenth of King George the Second, and the twenty second of King George the Third.

I. That the several persons who shall be committed to the house of correction to be kept to hard labour, shall be employed (uhlefs prevented by ill health) everyday, during their confinement, (except Sundays, chrijlmas day, and Good Friday) for so many hours as the daylight in the different seasons of the year will admit, not exceeding twelve hours, being allowed thereout to red half an hour at breakfast, an hour at dinner, and half an hour at supper, and that the intervals shall be noticed by the ringing of a bell.

II That the governor of each house of correction shall adapt the various employments, which shall be directed by the justices at their quarter sessions, to each person in such manner as shall be bed suited to his or her lirength and ability, regard being bad to age and sex.

III That the males and females shall be employed, and shall also eat and be lodged, in separate apartments, and shall have no iatercourfe or communication with each other.

IV That every person so committed shall be fudained with bread, and any coarse but wholesome food, and water; but persons under the care of the physician, surgeon, or apothecary, shall be fudained with such food and liquor as he shall direct.

V That the governor, and such other persons (if any) as shall be employed by the judices to aflid the governor, shall be very watchful and attentive in feeing that the persons so committed are constantly employed during the hours of work; and if any person shall be found remiss or negligent in performing what is required to be done by such person to the bed ofliis or her power and ability, or shall wilfully wade, spoil, or damage the goods committed to his or her care, the governor shall pu nih every such person in the manner hereafter directed.

VI That if#any person so committed shall refuse to obey the orders given by the governor, or shall be guilty of profane cussing or (wearing; or of any indecent behaviour or expression, or of any affaulr, quarrel, or abusive words, to or with any other

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 65.

person; he or she shall be punished for the same in the manner hereafter directed.

VII That the governor shall hive power to punish the several offenders for the offences herein before described, by closer confinement j and shall enter in a book, to be kept by him for the inspection of the justices at the quarter sessions, and the VI fiting justice or justices, the name of every person who shall be so punished by him, expressing the offence, and the duration of the puniftunent infufted.

CAP. LXV

An act to enable the most noble Henry duke of Newcastle, hie heirs, ete tutors, or admmistrators, to open a street from the Strand, at or near the east end of the New Church, to the south end of Stanhope Street in the parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the city and liberty of West mutter and to make a more commodious communication between the north end of Stanhope Street aforesaid, and Wylde Street in the parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the county of Middlesex.

The duke of Newcastle empowered to make a new street from the east end of the New Church to the south end of Stanhope Street. Commissioneri appointed to set out the new street. Commissioners to hold their meetings at the Peacock Inn in Haugbton Street, or at any place in the city of West under, .on the fourth Tuesday after passing the act, and at other times and places as any five of them shall think proper. Duke of Newcastle authorised to agree with the owners and occupiers of any grounds or building fur the purchase thereof, within these bounds, vix. from the Strand at or near the east end of the New Church towards the north into Holywell Street, and from thence continuing northwards across the ground whereon several me flu ages flood, and were lately burnt down, and afterwards contusing northwards through or over other messuages and ground into Wyche Street; and from Wyche Street aforesaid continuing northward through or over other messuages and ground, into Little Stanhope Street, otherwise called Maypole Alleys and from thence along the said street or alley, all which messuages and ground are in the parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the liberty of Westimnfter, and county of Middlesex: and also all that me flu age and ground fltuate at the nortn east corner of Stanhope Street aforesaid, and the messuages and ground in Prince's Street and Great Wylde Street, all which lait mentioned premises are in the parish of Saint titles in the Fields, in the said county; and that the materials of the hid messuages, C shall immediately after the purchase vest in the said duke, his heirs, See. Bodies corporate, Sec. enabled to treat and agree with the duke of Newcastle for the sale or exchange of any ground or buildings within the bounds aforesaid. If proprietors refuse to treat, or do not evince a clear title, the value to be ascertained by a jury. Witness nny be examined on oath. Jury to award the sums to be paid to the parties. Verdict of jury, to be final $ and to be entered in the register office of the county. On payment of the purchase money, the parties to convey the premises to the duke of Newcastle, his heirs, Sec. In default thereof, or of accepting the purchase money, the same to be applied for the benefit of the parties interested as the commissioners shall ai rest j and the premises to vest in the duke of Newcastle. The whole of any house, or the fcite thereof, may be purchased, although a part Only may be wanted. No ground to be made ule of unless notice thereof be given to the owner on or before June s, 178+. Requiring tenants to deliver of the premises in their possession within six months after notice. Porchafe money for estates belonging to infants, Sec. to be laid out to the (ante uses The ground for the new street, between the Strand and holy well Street, to be fct out by5 Dec. 378*1 and the purchase money may

voujuauv. a b.

98 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 66. [1782.

he paid to the mortgagees, if any. Purchase money for ground whereon any houses lately burnt down were Handing, to bear imere& from June 24, 178a, till payment. To be a public act.

CAP. LXVI

An act sir granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produa'of the several duties under the management of the refpiftiu com mijfioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain.

Moji gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. \\7 your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising, by the most easy means, the necessary supplies to defray your majesty'f public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several subsidies and duties herein after mentioned j and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho frora July 25, rity of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth dav of 178a* an act July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there mall aftcrnthedratte, b.c.. rae levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his of 5 percent. Majesty, his heirs and successors, an additional impostor duty, of the former after the rate of five pounds per centum, upon the produce and duties, laid on amount of all the several subsidies, imposts, and other duties, al^fe<hnt- wbat km or nature fever they may be, which are now due wported °* ad pay able, to his Majesty, and are collected in this kingdom, from, or car under the management and direction of the respective commis ried coastwise fioners of the customs in Great Britain, for and upon anygoods taingfcatiiri" anc melkhan(^zes imported into, or exported from, or carried coastwise in Great Britain, except and exclusive of the additional Exceptiou. impostor duty of five pounds per centum, commonly called The impofl one thousand seven and seventy nine, which was granted by an act made in the nineteenth year of his majesty's reign, in jjgeo.j.c 15. tituled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the pr.odlue of the. several duties under the management of tin respective commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain; which said additional impostor duty by this act granted shall be charged and paid upon the amount of the said former subsidies, imposts, and other duties, and shall be wholly repaid and drawn back upon the exportation of the goods, under the fafrie rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, and in the same manner and form in all respects, as the said additional impost one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, is now charged, collected, paid, and drawn back, and shall be appropriated and applied to the uses and purposes in this act mentioned.

An additional JJ. And b.c.. it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, dutt^jiaii from aftd ater laid twtttly fifth day of July one thousand

cacjieaoif a. fevca

ijsz.j Anno vicegrao secundo Georgii JII. c.66.99

even hundred and eighty two, there shall be raised, levied, goods (except collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, this heirs as att*'1 CX and fuceeffors, an additional duty or charge of five pounds per th^aje of antum, upon the produce andainount of ail the several inland 5 percent, duties, rates, impositions, and charges, (except as herein after of the former is excepted) now payable to his Majesty, and which are charged and coljefted under the management of (he respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland i which said addition^il duty of five pounds per centum, hereby jrnposed, shall and may, from time to time, be charged, raised, levied, recovered, at>d secured, by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, rule?, and directions, as the several and respective inland duties, rates, impositions, and charges, on the produce and amount of which the said additional duty or charge is hereby imposed, are or can, by any statute now in force, be respectively charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, mitigated, or drawn back, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the several powers, authorities, rules, regulations, methods, penalties, forfeitures, powers of mitigation, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

III Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the autho Thii aft not rity afocefaid. That nothing in this a contained fnali extend, to affeftthe or be construed to extend, to charge with the said additional duties on duty or charge of five pounds per centum, the produce or amount

of the duties on beer, malt, fope, tallow candles, hides, or candles, and skins, brewed, made, tanned, tawed, or dracted, within Great hides, brewed, Britain; or to charge with the said duty the produce or amount made, C in of the several duties of five pounds per centum, and five pounds Great Britain ptr centum respectively imposed upon the produce and amount northeaddi of the several inland duties, under the management of the said £npetjrie commissioners of excise in England and Scotland, by the several excise duties, acts respectively made in the nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty granted in first years of his present majesty's reign, or by any or either of »pqeo. 3* them; anything herein befote contained to the contrary notithstanding.

IV And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That dutjcj! to th<said additional imports and duties by this act granted, shall, be paid into from time to time, be paid into the hands of the receiver gene the exchequer ral of the customs, and to the cafhief of the excise in England weekly respectively for the time being; and such receiver-general and

caftiier rpspectively shall, weekly, to wit, on jvednejday in every eck, if it be not an holiday, and if it be, then 6n the next day after that is not an holiday, answer and pay all the moneys arising by the said additional imports and duties, (the necessary charges of raising, collecting, and answering the same only excepted), into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, distinct and apart from all other moneys which such receiver-general and cashier respectively shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and focccflbrs, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned.

H z V And,

too Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 6j. [1782.

to be kept fe V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Parat there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of

ties €r U sod receipt of exchequer, a book or books in which all the 9'moneys arising from the said several imports and duties, and paid

into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his and to be ap h$irs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said plied in pay money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, smnui°iesthc together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as

granted by shall be granted by any ak or acts of this session of parliament the lottery for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several an

aa of this nuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are direct

fcflion. e<j lq pa'1(j anj payaye pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for raising a certain frn tf money by way of annuities, and for ejiabfybing a lottery.

CAP. LXVII

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty tiro; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in thi* session of parliament.

2, 184, 715i. 10a. 8d. granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year $ to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury ira powered to raise the sum of,84, 7151. 10 a. 8d. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund. All perfooi who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. Orders to be rt

tittered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment. No see to e taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full costs. Penalty of undoe preference in point of registry or payment. Auditor, C neglecting hit duty, liable for damages, dec. to be recovered by action in any of the courts at Westminster, with costs. No undue preference in the registerin|; , where orders are brought the same day; nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, so as money be reserved for the pit ceding orders. Power of assignment, and aflionees may transfer orders toties quoties. If it shall be judged more advileable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bills instead of loans; and the bills in such ca»e to be made in the manner prescribed by the land tax ad of this session. All advantages and penalties in the land tax ad of this session, relating to loans or exc* equer bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend to hi Majesty the sum of 2, 184 7151 10s. 8d 3 notwithstanding an act of 5 dr 6 Gul. & Marie. The sum of 100, 000!. surplus of the sinking fund, on Od. ro, 17s1; and 670, 7601. ns. sd. 3q. of the said surplus on April 5, 1781)3, 64.5!. s. 7 d. in the hands of the deputy treasurer of Chelsea hospital j and 10,511. 18 s. nd. in the exchequer; shall be applied towards making good the supply. A sum not exceeding 9, 3131. 6s. 8d.;8, 346!. 5s.3 17, 4411; 37, 3001.3 and 63, 9281. is. 6d. remaining in the hands of the pay mailer general, shall be applied towards defraying the extraordinary expenses of thr land foroes, See. from Jan. 31, 1781, to Ftb. 1, 178*. The moneys arising by the land tax. malt tax, lottery ad, and loans of 1, 500, 000!. and further loans of 1.900, 000!. Vote of credit for 1.000, 000 (. 200, 0001, remaining in the exchequer on Od. 10, 1781, of the furpluifea of the sinking fund; and 670.7601, us. id. 3q. remaining on April 5, 178*, of the said surplusles;3, 645!. is. 7d. remaining in the hands of the deputy ir emu tec of Cbeliea hospital, 10, 251 ! 18 s, 11 d, remaining in the exchequer;

SOI

i; 8i.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 67.

chequer; and 1, 184, 71 C 1. 10s. 8 d. by this act granted out of the surplusles of toe sinking fund; shall be applied to the uses following 1 6, 563, 1851.

111. 9d. towards naval services; 1, 500, 0001. towards paying off the navy debt) 696, 0011.13s. 5d. for the charges of the office of ordnance for99, 713! M*7d. for ditto, not provided for in 1781; 7, 661, 4.111. iq towards maintaining the land foroes, ec.; of which 1, 141, 835k if. 3d. for defraying the charges of 49, 455 effective men, including officer, 21x14, 175 invalids, for guards, garnfons, C in Great Britain, C 1, 315 513i. 5#, h fr forces and garrifbns in Africa, and the East in dies, c 4 43, 8401. 6s. for general and general staff officers in Great bri tiinj 56, 074!. 19s. 4d. q. for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for provisions for three of the said battalions at Gibral > tar, for the year 1781; 367, 103 1. 98. iod. for 13, 471 troops of Hesse caf fcl, &c.j 61, 1081 11s. 1 q. for two regiments of Hanau, C 17, 498!. 3 s. id. jq. for a regiment of Waldeck, C 93, 947!. 15s. 8d. for 4, 300 Bpjnfwickm, C 43.6651. ns. 3^. for 1, 559 troops of Brandebourg an fpack 1 13, 8181. ns. nd. iq. for infantry, Ac. of Anhalt Zerbft 3 55, 4691, for provisions for foreign troops serving m America; 15, 4991. 17 s. 5 d. to nike good a deficiency in the Turns voted for the troops of Hesse Cassel for 1781; 3, 1811. ns. 5d. to make good a deficiency in the Turns voted for th troops of Brandebourg Anfpacb; 4, 941!. 19 s. to m*ke good a deficiency in the Toms voted for the troops of Anhalt Zerbft in 1781; 17, 683 k 14s. for defraying the charge of artillery for foreign trpopt for 17813 677, 497!. 15 s. 10 d. for defraying the charge of the militia in South Britain, C for 17813 100, 5941. 17 s. id. for defraying the charge of clothing for militia in 1781; 11, 319!. xs. 8d. for defraying the charge of a regiment of light dragoons, C 36, 180!. 10s. 8d, for advanced pay for troops for the East Indies; 91, 8811. 17s. 1 d. to the outpenfioqers of cheu Teabospiral; 5411. 14s. id. for an additional company, dec. of militia in Sosth Britain for 1781; 77, 5951. 19s. id. for reduced officers of land forcet'&c.; 5741.18s 4d. for officers and private gentlemen of horse guards reduced, 5tc.; 1, 675!. 10 s. 4d. for additional! to three regiments of foot, CI 3, 180/7531. ns. iod. iq. for extraordinaries of land forces in 1781, C

1.500.0001, for paying off the exchequer bills made out by virtue of an act of last session; 1, 000, 0001. for paying off the exchequer bills made out by virtue of the vote of credit of last Tession 3 1, 410, 0001. for paying off other exchequer bills of last session 3 480, 000k for paying off exchequer bills issued fmcejan. 14, 17813 8, 908!. 9s. id. iq. issued 111 pursuance of addresses eftbehouseof commons; 15, 000k towards carrying on the buildings st Somerset House; 5, 0111. 10s; 5 d. for supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 1.5361. for the civil establishment of Georgia; 3, 950!. for the civil establiument of East Florida 3 1, 700k for the civil establishment of West Florida; 3.000k for the civil establishment of the island of Saint jobs; 15, 000k sot maintaining tonnes on the coasts of Africa; 19, 000k for the commissioners of publics accounts; 5, 8301. 1 s. 6d. on account of southeast roads, Sec. in the highlands of Scotland; 73, 704k 8s. for relief of American civil officers, C 5, 000k for assisting the Levant company 3

3.0001. to the British Museum; 10, 364k 10s. 5d. for making compenfa tios for certain lands, Arc. at or near Plymouth; 10, 000 k towards rebuilding Newgate; 14, 719 k 4s. issued to Duncan Campbell, for maintaining coavisits, C 35, 149! 8«sq to make gopd the deficiency of a fund to pay annuities granted by an act 31 Geo. 1. 5. 11; 183, 380k 3 s. 8d. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act it Geo* 3; 101, 8061.9s. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying Uiouinesgranted by an act 19 Oeo. 3. C 18; 153, 193k 8s. nd. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annqitifs granted in so Goo. 3* CI tod 19, 667 k 5 s. 11 d. 3q. to make gooefthe deficiency of the grants for the year 1781. The said aids to be applied qnly to the uses before rationed. _ Rules to be observed in the application of (he half-pay. By waft si Geo. 3. C 57. a Turn not exceeding 79*059 L was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus moneys, above satisfying the said cficers, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed, Sec. in the late van, or to officers widows and children, as his Majesty shall direst.

II Anno vic^simo fecttndo Gforgii III C 69. [1782,

CAP. LXVIII

An act for repeating the duties payable for beer and ale above Jut Jhitlings the barrel, exiluftve of the duties of excise y and not exceeding eleven Billings the barrel, extlufrve of such duties, and jor granting other duties irt lieu thereof \ for granting additional duties on coaches y and other carriages therein mentioned; and elfo

additional duties on fope made in Great Britain, and upon the produce of the said additional duties on coaches, and on other carriages; and for the better ft curing the duty upon tec, and otka. duties of excise; and also for appointing the number of commijfm ers of excise who may hear causes depending before them'relating u

the duties on male servants.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TTT H E R E A S beer or au above six Billings the barrel cxcht y \ five of the duties of excise, brewed for sale is by law chargeable with the same duties that are payable for the flrongejl beer or alt so brewed for sale; and the brewing of good table beer of moderate jltength is thereby dise our aged; and, in order to promote the brewing cf good table beer, It is expedient to proportion the duties payable on J'ufh beer to the quality and real value thereof; may it therefore pieafe your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted'by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and cpnfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the From July 5, same. That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand 1781, the Hu. fcveft hundred and dghty two, the several rates and duties now bet from C payable for beer ot dip dbove six billings the barrel, exciufive 6s. to ns. of the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the the barrel, barrel, exciufive of such duties, commonly called Table Beer, repealed. which shall at any time or times be brewed by the common brewer in England and Wales, shall cedfe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and in lieu and in stead thereof there shall thenceforth be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout England and Wales,

New duty. For every barrel of beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel, exciufive of the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings, exciufive of such duties, commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the common brewer, and so proportionally for 2 greater or letter quantity, the sum of three Shillings, to be paid by such common brewer; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

No allowance II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, to be made to from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven blew00" Kindred anc eighty-two, no allowance shall be made so any ohhe dunes common brewer out of the moneys, arising by the duty oi on malr, malt, granted by an a & made In the twentieth year of the reign

**^qo le of

1782.j Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 68. 103

of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Ma granted by jtfly additional duties upon malt and upon low wines and pints for^h table" made fr home consumption, and upon foreign spirits imported into bccr.

Great Britain, end upon the produce of the/aid several duties; and fr granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all persons trading ia, vending, or selling coffee, tea, or chocolate; for any such table beer or ale so brewed by any such common brewer as aforesaid, anything in the said statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III And for preventing of frauds, be it further enacted by Table beer the authority aforesaid. That every common brewer who, from made from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred all bechare and eighty-two, shall brew any such table beer above six hil the offi lings the barrel, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the barrel, cers as strong as aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to beer.

brew and make the same of one entire guile; and no such com moo brewer shall, on any pretence whatever, be permitted to brew or make any such table beer of the quality and price afore

said from any party guile; but all the beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, which, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be brewed or made from any party guile by any common brewer, or other person or persons who shall fel or tap out the same publicly or privately, shall be charged by the officers of excise as (Iroag beer; and the common brewer, or other person or persons, so selling or tapping out the same as aforesaid, shall pay the duties thereof accordingly; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary not with (landing.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Brewars of every futh common brewer who shall vbrew or make any such t^fve table beer as aforesaid, whose brewhouse or brewhouses is or sre notice to the situate m any city or the suburbs thereof, or in any market officers of townhall, at lead four hours before he shall begin to brew excise of the; any such table beer as aforesaid* give, or cause to be given, to nd tob ?n the officer of excise under whose survey such common brewer brewing. Sn shall then be, a notice, in writing, of the particular hour or

time of the day when he intends to begin such brewing; and every other common brewer of such table beer as aforesaid, whose brewhouse or brewhouses is or are not situate in any city, or the suburbs thereof, nor in any market townhall, at least twelve hours before he shall begin to brew any such table beer as aforesaid, give, or cause to be given, a like notice in writing; and in case such brewer shall not begin to brew, and proceed in that brewing at the hour or time mentioned in such notice, or within two hours next after the expiration of the said hour and time, every such notice shall be null and void, and every such brewer shall be obliged to give a fresh and like notice before he or she begins to brew such table beer; and in case any such Penalty on common brewer shall neglect to give such notice, or having default, jivea a notice which shall bedonte void, shall neglect to give, a H 4 frah

mix the several wort of each guile.

Penalty on default.

104 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii UL C 68. [1782;

fresh and like notice, or having given such notice or notices, ' and having begun to brew such table beer as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to proceed therein until the whole guile is finished, every such common brewer offending therein shall, for every such offence, respectively forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

Brewer of such V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That table beer to every such common brewer, so brewing such table beer as aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to Qiix and mingle the several worts of each entire guile of all such table beer, so that the whole quantity of each entire guile, whether the same be in one or more tun or tuns, or other vessels or utensils, shall be of one and the same quality and strength; and then, and not sooner, every such common brewer of such table beer shall declare (on demand made by the gauger or officer) the quantity and quality of the table beer made by him in that guile or brewing, which declaration shall be made before any part of any such guile or brewing is cleansed or removed out of his tuns, vessels, or other utensils; and in case any such common brewer shall not so mix and mingle the several worts of such table beer in his tuns, vessels, or utensils, as that the whole quantity of the guile be of one quality and firength as aforesaid, or if such common brewer, or his servant, brewing or making any such guile of table beer, shall refuse to make such declaration as aforesaid, the officer of excise shall, in every such case, charge and return the whole of such guile to be strong beer, and such common brewer shall pay the duties thereof accordingly, and shall also forfeit and lose, for every harrel of such table beer contained in such guile, the sum of twenty Shillings; and if any such common brewer of table beer, or his servant or servants, Ihdaring tner ater declaration made as aforesaid, shall make any increase quantity and of the said table beer, so declared, by any ways or means what quaiiry of such ever, or shall mix his table beer of one guile pr brewing with peer, Sec. any beer of any other guile or brewing, or with small beer, or returned drink, or with water, or by any other ways or means whatsoever; or in case such officer or officers shall discover or find any of the said table beer or worts of the same guile laid off, over and above the quantity so declared as aforesaid, such common brewer shall forfeit and lose, for every barrel so increased or mixed, laid off or sound, over and above the quantity so declared as aforesaid, the sum of five pounds; and the servant or servants of such common brewer, or other person or persons, and every of them, who was or were any ways concerned, or aiding or assisting in making any such increase or mixture, after declaration, or in laying off any such table beer, or the worts of such guile, before such declaration made as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose, for every barrel so increased, mixed, or laid off, the sum of twenty Shillings; and, in default of payment thereof, shall suffer three months imprisonment; unless it shall appear that such increase or mixture was made by adding to or mixing with the same any table beer that was left in his'orber

brpwhouse

Penalty on snaking any asti

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 68.

brcwhouse of a former guile of his or her brewing, and unless it shall abb appear, that such increase was made or added in the sight and view of the proper gauger or officer.

VI And, to prevent the mixing such table beer with any other beer, whether strong beer or Jmall, either by the common brewer brewing the same, after the gauge thereof hath been taken, or by the retailer cj any such table beer, after the same shall have been sold and deliver eitohim or her, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, if any common brewer, innkeeper, publican, or other retailer of any such table beer, shall mix, or cause or suffer to be mixed, in any vessel or measure, or otherwise howsoever, any such table beer with any strong beer or ale, or strong worts, or with small beer, or small worts, or with water, after the gauge of such table beer shall have been taken by an officer of excise, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That when any such table beer, so brewed by any such common brewer as aforesaid, shall be cleansed into any calk or calks

from the tun or tuns, or other vessels or utensils, wherein the! fime shall have been mixed and mingled, and the length declared as aforesaid, every such common brewer, or his fervanr, r shall forthwith mark each and every such calk and calks, into which such beer shall be so cleansed, with the capital Roman letter T, of the length of four inches at the lead, to denote that the beer therein contained is such table beer as aforesaid; which said mark shall be put on the open and mod conspicuous part of each such calk or casks: and if any such common brewer of table beer as aforesaid, or his servant, shall cleanse any such beer into any calk or calks, and shall neglect to mark each and every such cask in manner before directed, the officer or officers of excise, who shall discover and find any such table beer in any calk or calks, in the polfeflion of any such common brewer, without such mark as aforesaid, shall, and he and they are hereby required to charge and return the same as strong beer, and such common brewer shall pay the duties accordingly.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That when any such common brewer shall have cleansed such table beer into any cask or calks in manner herein before directed, each and every such calk and casks, containing such table beer, shall be kept separate and apart from all other casks and barrels of other beer or ale then in the possession of any such common brewer, oti pain of forfeiture, for every offence therein, the sum of twenty pounds.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no common brewer, who shall brew or make any such table beer as aforesaid, shall knowingly sell or deliver, or permit or suffer to be sold or delivered, any of the said table beer, either by the barrel or otherwise, to any other common brewer, or to any trcwing victualler, or to any exporter of ber, or tp any person

105

Penalty on mixing such table beer, after the gauge hath been taken, with any other beer, C

Table beer, when cleansed into casks, to be marked with the letter Tj

or shall be charged as strong beer.

Such calks to be kept ep* rate from all other calks of beer.

Brewers of such table beer not so sell any to other common brewers, C

of

ipfii

All the powers, directions, C provided by i Car.. C 14. or any other law now in force, relating to the excite upon beer, c shall be applied in execution of thiaatt.

From July 5, 1781, an additional duty of sos. prr ann. shall be paid for every coach, berlin, or other four wheeled carriage, (except hackney coaches);

and also for every two wheeled carriage kept for private ufc.

Anno vicesimo secundo georgii III c.68. [*782.

or ptrfons, to and for the use or benefit of any such other common brewer, brewingvi&ualler, or exporter of beer, oft pain of forfeiting, fdr every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, allowances, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an at, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervite, and purveyance; and for settling a revenue upon his Majtfly in lieu thereof \ or by any other law now in force, relating to his majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, (other than in such cases for which other directions are given and alterations made by this act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, and put in execution, for the securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the duties and penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and ef fcdtually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, diredtionsvmethods, allowances, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this act.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thoufami seven hundred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, an additional duty of twenty Shillings per annum for and upon every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, ealafh with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name soever such carriages how are or hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept by or for any person for his or her own use, or to be let out to hire, or that shall be kept by or for any person or persons as public stage coaches, employed in carrying passengers for hire to and from different places within this kingdom, (other than and except such coaches and otfter carriages as now are or hereafter may be licensed by the comrairii oners for the duties arising by hackney coaches); and also for and upon every ealash, chaise, and chair, with two wheels, or by what name soever such carriages now are or hereafter maybe called or known, to be drawn by one or more horses, that mall be kept by or for any person or persons for his, her, or their own use; which said additional duty of twenty Shillings hereby Imposed upon coaches and other carriages as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, be paid down by the person or persons respectively keeping the same, in like manner, and at the sans time, and be raised, levied, coik&ed, and paid, by tbc same

means

i

17&2.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III c.65. 107.

means and methods, and under the like rules, regulations directions, and penalties, as the annual duties given and granted by an at, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for granting to his Majtjiy several rates and duties upon coaches and other carriages therein mentioned; and for raising the sum of one million hj way of lottery, to be charged upon the said rates and duties, are directed to be raised, levied, collected, and paid.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said several additional duties, herein before granted The northeast" da on coaches and other carriages as aforesaid, shall be moreover subject and liable to the additional duty or impost of five pounds subject to the

per centtm, and five pounds per centum, on the produce and additional 5

amount thereof respectively, in the same manner, and under the pcrce"1tv same regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per eo j C

tom, and of five pounds per eentum9 are granted to his Majesty by and i Geo. 3. two several acts of parliament, (he one, made in the nineteenth c.17. year of his present majesty's feign, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the ptoduce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the rtftrtn and excise In Great Britain; the other, made in the

twehty first yeas of his present majesty's reign, intituled, An

oft foe granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon the produce of the (tvcral duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the excise in Great Britain.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his From Ja, £ 5» Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all fope of what i^fnl^dd/" kind fobver which, at any time or times after the said fifth day tionahduties of Jufc one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be fh*l be paid made within the kingdom of Great Britain over and above all for all fope duties, charges, and impofitidns, by any a CL or acts of parlia Britain" vide ment thereupon fet and imposed, the several additional duties ucct# n herein after mentioned and ekpressed; that is to say.

For and upon all hard cake fope, or ball fope, made in Great Hard cake Britain, an additional duty of three farthings for every pound f°p** ift pr weight, confiding of sixteen ounces avoirdupois and after that Poundi rate for a greater or lester quantity :

And for and upon all soft fope made in Great Britain, an act f°p*» fl ditional duty of one farthing for every pound weight, confiding pci poun4, of sixteen ounces avoirdupois; and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity:

Which said several and respectite duties on fope shall be paid To by the makers thereof rdtpe&ivelyj and the same shall be raised, lcried, collected, and paid in the same manner, and under the like rttlek, and with like drawbacks on such British made fope exported, as the former duties on fope made in Great Britain are now raised, levied coltedted, paid, and drawn back.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That

be paid by makers.

ID'S Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 68. [1782.

The addition That the said additional respective duties, hereby imposed on re^dforau* 8$ made fope* shall be repaid to the person or persons who suchvope^used employ, !pend, or consume any quantity or quantities of in certain ma such fope respectively, in the making of any clothes, serges, ker nufactures. fees, bays, dockings, or other manufactures of sheep or lambs wool only, or manufactures whereof the greatest part of the value of the materials shall be wool, or in the finishing the foetid manufactures, or preparing the wool for the same, or in whitening of new linen in the piece, in order to the sale of fuqh linen; which said repayment of the said additional respective duties shall be made on the like proofs, and under the same rules, regulations, oaths, affirmations, pains, and penalties, as in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of her majesty Queen Anne Entitled, An act for laying additional duties on fope and papery and upon certain linensy silks, calluoes, and Jluffsy and, upon flarch and exported coals, and upon flampt vellum, parchment, and papery for raising one million four hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, for her Majesty's J, apply, and for allowances on ex porting made wares of leathery Jbeep jkinsy and lamb Jkins \ and for distribution of four thousand poundsy due to the officers and seamen for gun money; and to adjujl the property of tickets in former lotteries 5 and touching certain shares of flock in the capital of the South Sea company; and for appropriating the moneys granted to her Majesty\ is directed and required.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The addition That the said respective additional duties, hereby imposed on carriapcs, and coac^cs anc other carriages, and on fope made in Great Britain on fope, shall as aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the be levied and same manner, and under such management, penalties, and for*paid in the feitures, and with such powers for recovering the same, and by asthe^ormtr ^uctl rues ways and methods, as the several and respective duties. former duties on coaches and other carriages, and on fope made

in Great Britain respe.cfively, are now raised, levied, collected, and paid, under the directions of any act or acts of parliament now in force respecting the said duties, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, rules, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereunto, were particularly here repeated, and again enacted in the body of this present act.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Hovrtobeap That all the moneys arising by the said additional and other plied. duties hereby granted and imposed (the necessary charges of

raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at tveflminster, distinctly and apart from au other branches of the, public revenue, and shall be appropriated and applied in manner

following; that is to say; the sum of two Shillings, part of the said duty of three Shillings the barrel by this act imposed on table beer, shall be paid, issued, and applied, to the same uses and purposes, in such manner, and under such regulation as tfic moneys arising by the duties 0q every barrel of six flulliflgs

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo gfiorgll III C 68. 109

beer or ale, or under, were, by the several statutes in that case made, appropriated unto, and directed to be applied; and the remainder of the said duties on table beer, together with the additional duties on fope, and on coaches and on other carriages, as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the uses and*purposes herein after mentioned.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That there shall be provided and kept in the office of the au A book to be ditor of the said receipt of exchequer a book or books, in which luditor's all the moneys arising from the said several rates and duties, and office, in paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate which the mo and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, nie "ifing his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever 5 and the sia^be enter*said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as afore c(j,

said, except so much thereof as is herein before otherwise appropriated, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and Application revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this session oftbcreo^ parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to ap act of this present lesion of parliament, intituled, An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

XVIIL And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if, at any time or times, it shall happen that the produce In case the of the several duties granted by this act, together with the fe produce of the veral other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in this session brthiffl11*" of parliament, for the payment of the several annuities of three and other acts, pounds per centum, and ot four pounds per centum, and of seven shall prove sateen Shillings and sixpence per centum, in respect of thirteen mil Efficient 10 lions five hundred thousand pounds, borrowed in pursuance of an act of this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for by thetotteiy rcapng a certain sum of monty by way of annuities, and for establi/b act of this ing a l$ttery9 shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the feve session, then ral annuities of three pounds per centum, and of four pounds per fttc^d*^en, p antum9 and also the said annuity of seventeen Shillings and six Applied outof pence per centumy to continue for seventy eight years, from the the sinking fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty t wo, fund, Isc. and then to cease, together' with the other charges and expenses attending the said respective annuities, to be satisfied and paid out of the same at the end of any or either of the half yearly days of payment at which the lame are directed by the said act to be paid j then, and so osten, and in every such case, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the moneys which, at any time or times, shall be or remain in the receipt of tke exchequer, of the furplasses, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenyes, composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such moneys of the said sinking fund as are appropiated to any particular use or uses by any former act or acts of parliament in that behalf); and such moneys of the said sinking fund shall and may be, from time to time, issued and applied accordingly: and if, at any time or

times.

no

Montes issued out of the sinking fund, how to be re placed.

In case of a surplus of du tie?, the same shall be referred for the disposition of parliament

Recital of a i Geo. vc. 55,

Prom Aug. i, 1781, no tea to be removed from any part of this kingdom into

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii jii.c.68. £1782-times, before any moneys of the said fund, to be eftabluhed as

aforesaid, shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying the several annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and growp due at any of the half yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then, and in every such case, the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the moneys of the sinking fund, (except as before excepted), and be issued accordingly.

XIX Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall be issued out of the said sinking fund shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament.

XX Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be ?ny surplus or remainder of the moneys arising by the said fund, after the said several and respective annuities, and all arrears thereof, are satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose, such surplus or remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for the disposition of parliament, and shall not be issued but by the authority of parliament, and as shall be directed by future aft or as of parliament; anything in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI And whereas by an act made in the last session of parlia inent9 intituled, An act for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for rectifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with refjpe<it to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise imposed by the said act; it was, amongst other things, enabled. That, for the preventing of smuggled tea being conveyed from the seacoasts of this kingdom in 0 the flocks of dealer? in tea, no tea exceeding the quantity of six potent h weight should at any time, firue as therein is after mentioned, be n -, moved or carried from any part of this kingdom, not being within ti e limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise j«London, to any place within the said limits: and whereas the fuj^siring tea to be brought from the country into London in quantiei t not exceeding six pounds weight, bath in a great measure defeated ti i good tffefts proposed by the said recited act, and great quantities / smuggled tea have thereby been received, into the (loch of fraudulti tea dealers, living within the limits aforesaid, now, for the mo effectually preventing such evil practises, be it enacted by ti authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first jfugtef one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no tea whatev* shall at any time (save as herein after is mentioned) be remove or carried from any part of this kingdom, not being, within tt limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office

y C

j 17s2.j Anno vicesimo secundo georgii III C 68,

excise in London, to any place within the said limits; and if any tea whatever shall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, save as hereinafter is mentioned), the same together with the canifters, bags, and other package, containing such tea, and the vessels and boats, and the horses, and other cattle and carriages, employed in removing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feizedby any officer or officers of excise; anything in the said recited act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding,

XXII And whereas by the said recited act it was further enact td, That no tea, exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weight (save cs therein is excepted), at any one time, directed to one and the same person, or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or part r.trship, jhtufd be removed or carried from any cttyx town, parish, or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits aforesaid, to any ciber place out 0} the limits aforesaid, not within the said city, town farijh, Or place, from which the same jhail be so removed or carried; end it was by the same aft provided, that nothing therein contained jhsuld be conjlrued to prevent any dealer in any such city, town, pa tijb, or place, from taking out two or more permits, and by virtue thereof sending two or more packages of forty pounds each to the same f erf on in the same day, in manner therein dir eft td and provided: end whereas the permitting tea to be sent from places not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of ex dfe in London, in so large quantities as forty pounds weight, has bun much abused by fraudulent dealers in tea, and very confidtrabu quantities of Jmuggled tea have thereby been received by such dealers, from the coafis of this kingdom, to the manifejl diminution of the re jtnut, and to the injury of the fair trader: now, for obviating such frauds, he it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said first day of Augvfl, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no tea exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weight, (not being in the original chest in which the same tea was imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and then continuing in the same date in which it was so imported) at any one time, directed to one and the same person, or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or' partnership, shall be removed or carried from any city, town, parish, or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits aforesaid, to any other place out of the limits aforesaid, not within the said city, town, parish, or place, from which the same shall be so removed or carried; and if any tea exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weight, at any one time, directed to one and the same person, or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or partnership, (and not being in the original chest as aforesaid), shall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, the same, together with the canifters, bags, and other package con taming the same, and the vessels and boats, and the horses and aether cattle and carriages employed in removing or carrying the

same,

in

the weekly bill of mortality, (except as hereafter mentioned; on penalty of forfeiture thereof.

Other part of the said act recited

From Aug. r, 178a, no tea exceeding 10 pounds weight (not being in the chest in which it was imported), shall be removed out of any city, Sec. not within the bills of mortality.

on penalty of forfeiture.

na Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 68. [178a.

same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise j anything in the said statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Several pidc XXIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing ages of 20 herein contained shall be construed to prevent any dealer in tea, P, m1be f n town Pari or pace as aforesaid, from tafc

the^fame^day.ng out two or more and by virtue thereof sending two

or more packages of tea, of twenty pounds each, to the (ame person in the same day, so as the said packages shall not contain more than twenty pounds each, and shall be sent under different permits, and by different conveyances.

Tea removed XXIV Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no acwffing to thing herein contained shall be construed to prevent dealers in beretmw^ tca» w have recc*vc^ nt lbeir refpcaive (locks any tea removed according to the directions of this.aa, and accompanied with an authentic permit or certificate, from returning the same for the like cause, and in manner and form, as in and by the said recited a A is mentioned and direaed.

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforefiid, Provisions of That all the authorities, powers, provisions, rules, regulations, the recited anj direaions, by the said recited act prescribed and given, and rafflyre*" not hereby expressly taken away or altered, shall continue and pealed) to re he exerciied, used, and applied, as they might have been if jnain in force, this act had not been made.

XXVI And whereas by the several statutes relating to the inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, it is directed, that permits or certificates Should be granted, by the officers of excise, to accompany exciseable commodities removing from one part of this kingdom to another part thereof \ and certain forms of fiub permits have, from time to time, been prepared for that purpose, by the direction and appointment of the said commissioners, with certain Jiamps and marks imprejfed thereon: and whereas great frauds are daily committed by evil minded persons, who forge or counterfeit such permits or certificates or who knowingly give or grant false and untrue permits or certificates, or who alter or erase permits or certifr

Penalty on cates, after the same have been delivered by the proper officers: for personscouo remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, f^rmitfor*ny roman a^cr day Jub* onc thousand seven hun

removal of dred and eighty-two, if any per Ion or persons whatsoever shall exciseable counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, an) food 1 permit or certificate, for the removal of any exciseable commodity from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, for the removal of which a permit or certificate is by an] aa or acts of parliament now in force required; or if any per' son or persons shall knowingly or willingly give or grant an] false or untrue permit or certificate, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue permit or certificate to accompany any such exciseable commodity to be removed ai aforesaid; or if any person or persons shall fraudulently alter 01 erase any permit or certificate after the same shall have beet given or granted by the proper officer of cxdfc $ or if any pen

£01

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 68. 113

son or persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use r who shall of any such permit or certificate so counterfeited, forged, false, kubhtltoi^u untrue, altered, or erased; person so offending shall, for £ "y such pcr. each and every such offence, forfeit and lofc the sum of two mit. hundred pounds; which forfeiture shall and may be prose cated in any of his majesty's courts of record at Wejlmihjlcr, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, one moiety whereof to be to his majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other inoiety to him or them who will sue for, prosecute, and recover the same; wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; and every such permit or certificate, so counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered, shall be invalid, and of no effect.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the penalties and forfeitures imposed by this act, or to be Penalties and incurred by virtue thereof, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, forfeitures or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, 7"

penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by applied any law or laws of excise, (not otherwise directed by this act), or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record Westminster, or in the court of ex diequer in Scotland; one moiety whereof shall be to his majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him who shall discover and sue for the same.

xxviil. And whereas by a clause in an act of parliament, made Recital of a in the last session of parliamenty intituled, An act for the better ma clause in i nagement and collection of the duties upon male servants, Geo 3* C 3»* granted by an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is enactedy That all profccuticns for the re (every of the duties upon male Jervants, and aljo for all forfeitures end offences made and committed within the immediate limits of the (kief office of excise in London, ball be heard adjudged, and deter medy by the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them: end whereas the buftnefs of the said office cannot be executed with the ike iifpattby eefe and convenience to the parties concerned therein, as mifht be done in case the said projections were to be heardy adjudged, end determined by a less number of the commissioners of the said duties for the time being than a majority of themy as is now done in all other tofts within the jurisdiction and limits of the said thief office of exact: beittnafted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and From July5, after the twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred782, all pro tnd eighty-two, all such prosecutions as aforesaid which, before the said twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun a niay^dred and eighty-two, fhajj not be heard, adjudged, end deter determined by mined, but shall then, or at any time after, be depending at any three of the said chief office, shall and may be heard, adjudged, and de termined, by any three or more of such commissioners for the*1 time being; and that it shall be sufficient, in the written account or record of such proceedings, to mention that such pro ftostions are made and exhibited to and before three of such comimflioner*, without particularly mentioning or expressing Vol. XXXIV I the

j

114 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii 111. C 69. [178a.

the christian and surname of such three commissioners for the time being; and that every such adjudication and determination of such three or more of such commissioners for the time being shall, and hereby is declared to be as good and valid in the law, and of the same force and efsect, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if such adjudication and determination had beeta by all, or by the majority of such commissioners for the time being; any law or statute to the contrary in anywise not with (landing.

This act not XXIX And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That°v»crso? the not^'n8 In LISA contained shall extend, or be construed to wdfe officers. cxlcnc*» to tac away or lessen any of the powers or authorities a heretofore given to the officers of excise, and for the inland duties, by any law or laws now in force relative to the said'duties.

XXX # And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

Penalty on That if any person or persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, affaultmg or oppose, molest, or hinder, any officer or officers of excise, or cifeofficera "in or 'n^anc* duties, in the due execution of the powers or au executing this thorities given or granted to such officer or officers by this at, aft. every person or persons so doing, shall forfeit and lose, for every

such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XXXI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Limitation of aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall, at any time or actions. times, be sued or prosecuted for any act or thing by him or them

done or executed by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other act or acts of parliament relating to the duties of excise, or inland duties, such action or prosecution shall be commenced within the space of three months next after the act or thing done, and which shall be sued in the proper county; and suck General issue. person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, for his or their defence; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or'them, on demurrer or other trcblccofts. wise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble colls to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs

CAP. LXIX

An act for compelling john Whitehill esquire to return into this kingdom;

and for reftraming him, in case of his return, from going out this kingdom for a limited time; and for discovering bit estate and effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the same.

If John Whitehill esquire, heretofore governor and president of the ficttle ment of Fort Saint George, on the coast of Coromandel in the East Indus and also heretofore member of the council and of the feieft committee of the settlement aforesaid, shall within forty-two days after three notices in the London Gazette, return into this kingdom, he shall enter into recap nizance not to leave the same before feb*^i, 17s3, in the penalty si 50, 0001. for himself, and0, 000 1. for his furttics, with tondkion that if

'*' j»c

1782.] Anner vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 69.

he shall not depart out of thjs kingdom before the ift of February 1783, the said recognisance to be void: for taking, entering and inrolling of wjlich only 10 s. to be taken, betides the itamp duly. In case he neglect to Otter foto such recognisance, barons of the exchequer may commit him tq the Fleet; and if he leave the kingdom before Feb i, 1783, be, and his ajfiftants therein, shall forfeit their eliate3 both real and personal. Johb Whitehill esq; shall, within thirty days after his return into the kingdom, deliver into the court of exchequer, on oath, two particulars of hie lands, tenements, goods, Sec. in Europe, the East Indies, China, or cite where, whereof he wae ferzed or poflviled Apiil 1, 1781, (except his wearing apparel, and that of hit wife and children, the furniture of his house, and flock on his farm). Barons of the exchequer to deliver one duplicate of he particulars to the speaker of the house of lords, and the other to the speaker of the house of commons. If the particulars shall app?ar evasive or unfa titfastory, Sec. the barons of the exchequer are to examine the person delivering the same, upon interrogatories. In default of attendance upon any summons from th said barons, they may issue their Warrant for apprehending the defaulter; who, on refuting to be examined, Sec. shall be committed. Perrons detaining any part of the property of John whke hfflefq; or amfe to give information concerning the same, and w'o shall refute to come before the said barons, Sec. when lawfully summoned, shall be committed. Johta Whitehill esq; disabled from aliening or encumbering his real eft ate, until Feb. 1, 1783; and also from aligning his personal estate, except for the subsistence of himself and family, or for paying hit debts contracted before April 19, 1782, and except perishable goods, and fofficient to indemnify his furetics, . Exception of 10, 000 i. to make a provision for children, in case of marriage, which provision not to be affected by such recognisance. This act not to disable John Whitehill esq; from dhpoghg of hu estate or effects, in case he shall die before Feb. 1, 1783, Scc. ftibjcft to the justice and disposition of parliament, nor from trans fsrring any mortgage aflfefttog his estate April 29, 1782, for securing mo. nqr boon side before doe, so as no further sum be advanced after. If John Whitehill esq; shall, before Feb, 1, 1783, convey any of his mohies or eftefts out of the realm, (except as is excepted), he, and his aiders therein, shall be punished as felons, and suffer death Penalty on persons who shall conceal any estate belonging to John Whitehill efqj to forfeit treble value, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other to the informer, to be recovered by action, Sec. with colts, and to suffer imprisonment for one wboleyear, without bail. Allowance to be made to persons making discovery of any estate or effects concealed; 201. percent, for effects beyond tea, and 101. percent, if in the kingdom; to be paid out of the net produce. east-india company to send an authenticated copy of the particulars delivered into the court of exchequer, to the supreme court of. judicature in Bengal, See. Allowance to persons making discovery of concealed estates or effects in India; 201. percent, out of the net produce, and the governor-general and coundl of Bengal, and the governor and council of Fort Saint George, and Bombay, respectively, to sue for and recover the same in (be name of the east-india company. Persons in India who shall secrete any estate, real or personal, after six months from the time of entering the particulars of his estate upon record, to foifcit trtble the value, one moiety to the east-india company, and the other to hm that will sue; to be recovered by action' Sic. with colts; and if the offender be a British subject to foffer imprisonment at the discretion of the court, but not above one year. Forfeited estates, See. to be paid into the exchequer. In case John Whitehill esq; shall not, within twenty days alter the expiration of the forty-two days befofe mentioned, return into this kingdom, all his estates, both real and personal, shall be forfeited to his Majesty. To be a pubbek aft.. \**

12 CAP.

1

i^ooqie

II 6

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 70. [1781.

Preamble. Recital of 4geo*3.c.s4.

Commander in chies, and his secretary, empowered to send and receive letters free from postage.

The said commander to appoint two persons to endorse public letters Cent from his office.

CAP. LXX

An act to enable the commander in chief of his Majesty's faroes, and the secretary to the commander in coief of his Majesty's forces to send and receive letters and packets free from the duty ofpoftage.

WHEREAS by an a made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty*An act for preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving ot letters and packets free from the duty of postage), it is enacted, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixtyfour, so long as the revenue arising in the general letter office, or postoffice, or office of postmaster general Shall continue to be made part of the aggregate fund no letters or packets font by the post, to or from any place whatsoever, Shall be exempted from paying the duty of pojlage, except such letters and packets as are therein particularly excepted: and whereas the privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of postage is not, by the said act extended to the commander in chief of his Majtjly's foroes, or to the secretary to the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces for the time being, who, by virtue of their respellivt offices and employment s9 necejfarily send and receive many letters and packets relating to the public concerns of theft kingdoms; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That from and after the patting of this act, the said commander in chief of his majesty's foroes, and the secretary to the commander in chief of his majesty's forces for the time being, shall and may send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage, in the same manner, and under such restrictions, as other officers mentioned in the said act are thereby permitted, in respect of their offices, to send and receive the same, in pursuance of the said act.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commander in chief for the time being to authorise and direst certain persons, not exceeding two in number, in his office or department, (a list of whose names shall be, from time to time, transmitted by him to the general postoffice in London), to make and subscribe an endorsement upon letters and packets, to be sent by the post from his office, which shall concern the public business of his office or department, signifying that such letters and packets are upon his majesty's service \ letters and packets, being so subscribed, and being sealed with the seal of the commander in chief for the time being, or his secretary, shall and may be sent and conveyed by the post, free from the duty of postage.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii ITI. C 71. 117

That if any person, authorised to make and subscribe such in Penalty on

dorfement, shall knowingly make the same, or procure the same

to be made, upon any letter or packet which does not really doetnot con

concern the business of the said office or department of com ccm the said

mander in chies, such person shall, for the first offence, forfeit office.

and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied in

such manner as by the act of the ninth year of the reign of queen

Anne, for establishing a general postoffice, is directed with respect

to the penalties innifted by the said act 5 and for the fe

coad offence shall be dismissed from his office.

CAP. LXXI

An act more effectually to prevent his Majesfs enemies from being supplied with ships or vessels from Great Britain.

WHEREAS there is great reason to apprehend that his Preamble.

V V Majeslfs enemies may endeayour, by purchasing in the name if the subjects of neutral fates, or by other indirect means and aeon trhances, to obtain the ships of his Majesty's subjects, as well for the pvrpofe of bojltlity agatnjl his Majesty % for carrying on their own trade end commerce, whereby the public fervtce, and the trade and commerce if this country, may be greatly injured $ for preventing thereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, inthispresent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth day of July, one thou From July to, hod seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall not be lawful for po per any of his majesty's subjects (without licences from his Majesty [^n^e^au in council first obtained), direftiy or indirectly, to sell or other f^ftny ship wise dispose of, or to contrast or agree to sell or otherwise dicto any7subject pose of, any ship or ships, or vessel or vessels, to any subject or of a neutral fabje&s of any neutral state, or to any person or persons refid ftatc» C ing in foreign parts, or to any agent or agents for any such subject or subjects of any neutral state, or for such other person or persons as aforesaid, under any pretence, or in any manner whatsoever; and if any such sale, disposition, contrast, or agree All such con ment, shall be made, it shall be null and void to and for all in trad to be tents and pippofes whatsoever; and the ship or ships, or vessel ., d the or vessels, so sold and disposed of, or agreed to be sold or dif forfeited.' poled of, with the guns, ammunition, (lores, tackle, apparel, and furniture, to such ship or ships, or vessel or vessels, belonging, shall be forfeited to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or fuc ceflbrs, and the person or persons offending herein shall over and above forfeit the value of such ship or ships, or vessel or vessels; and all such ships or vessels, of which any sale or disposition, or agreement for sale or disposition, shall be made contrary to this act, shall be seizable, if in any port, by or by order of the colltftor, comptroller, or other principal officer of

13 the

y"

Ship! sold before July 10,

178a, and retraining in port, such Tales shall be void

Matter, or owner, of every ship, C (ailing to any foreign port, to give bond to his Majesty that the same shall not be sold contrary to this act.

In case any

ship, after giving such bond, shall be sold to any of his Ma jelly's lub jests, a new bond shall be given.

Anno vicesimo fecundp Georgii III C 71. [1782.

the customs in such port; or if at sea, then by the commander of any of his majesty's Clips or vessels of war, or of any vessel; in the service of his majesty's revenue.

II And be it further enacted. That if, before the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, any ship or vessel belonging to any of his majesty's subjecds shall have been sold, or have been contracted to be sold, to any subject or subjects of any neutral date, or to any person or persons residing in foreign parts, or to any agent or agents for any such subject or subjects of any neutral date, or for such other person or persons as aforesaid, and shall, at any time after the passing of this act, be in any port or harbour within Great Britain, then every such sale, or contract for sale, shall be null and void.

III And be it further enacted. That, from and after the tenth day of July, onerhoufand seven hundred and eighty-two, before any ship or vessel belonging to his majesty's subjects shall be permuted or allowed to sail or depart from any port or harbour of Great Britain bound to any foreign port or place, a bond shall be given to his Majesty by the mader or one of the owners, with two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the collector, comptroller, or other principal officer of his majesty's customs at the port or place from whence such ship or vessel is intended to (ail, in double the value of such ship or vessel, and of the guns, ammunition, dares, tackle, apparel, and furniture, to stich ship or vessel belonging, upon coodition that the same ship or vessel shall not, during the continuance of this act, directly or indirectly, be sold or disposed of, or contracted or agreed to be sold or disposed of, contrary to this act; and the collector, comptroller, or other principal officer of his msyefty's cudoms shall, upon taking such bond, give a certificate under his hand without ahy see or reward for the same, that Aich bond hath been given to his Majesty.

IV Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any ship or veffcj, after bond given in purfqanceof this a, shall be sold or disposed of to any of his majesty's natural born subjects, refidept within this realm, or in any of his majesty's dominions, it shall be lawful for the collector, comptroller, or other principal officer of his majesty's cudoms at the port or place at which such bond was given, or at any other port or place in Great Britain, upon application to be made to him or them ia that behalf, and upon production of the certificate herein before directed, to uke from the mader, or one of the owners, and two sufficient sureties, to be approved of by such collector, comptroller, or other principal officer, another bond to his Majesty, in the (ame penalty, and with the like condition, as the bond befoae given in refpc^l of such ship or vessel; and from thenceforth such former bond, in case there shall not have happened any breach in the condition thereof, shall be null and void, to all intents and purposes; and rhis provifiott for taking of a new bond shall operate and have effect as often as there shall be any new sale of any such ship or vessel.

V Provided

1782/i Anno ricesimo secundo Georgii III C 72, 73. 119

V Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all bonds, The bonds to to be taken pursuant to this act, shall be provided at the ex**

of his Majesty, and shall not be chargeable with any of cx*' the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, or paper; any law pence, or statute to the contrary in any wrfe notwithstanding.

VI And be it further enacted. That every broker, agent, or Penalty on

other person negotiating or trailfading any sale, contract, or king any agreement, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, to this" shall forfeit and pay the (um of one thousand pounds ad

VII And be it further enacted. That all the pecuniary pe penalties and nalties and forfeitures, which shall be incurred under this act, forfeitures shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or bow to be re information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at West cov^fin<* master, or in the court nf exchequer in Scotland respectively, in pp # noeflbin, privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more

than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety thereof shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceuors, and the other moiety thereof to the use of bin), her, or them, who Audi foe for the same,

VIII And be k further enacted. That if any person or per Persons sued fons shall be sued or prosecuted for anything done by virtue or in executing in purfaance of this act, such person or persons may plead the thelae general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evi {jeralissue,dence in his, her, or their defence or defences 5 and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or

the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to and recover him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs. trcble costs

IX Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thjt this Continuance ad shall only continue in force uhtil the end of one month from of this act. the first day of the session of parliament which shall next enfae

after the patting of this act.

CAP. LXXII

All act for continuing to much of an act of the (ixth year of his present Majesty, as relates to prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought fiiks and velvets.

( Geo. 3. C ?8. recited, and further continued until June 14, 17s8, and to the end of the then next felhon of parliament.

CAP. LXXII I.

In ah to explain an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Seconds, (entitled, An act for prohibiting the planting, setting, or lowing of tobacco in England or Ireland), and to permit the use and removal of tobacco, the growth of Scotland, into England, for a limited time, under certain restrictions.

Whereas by an ail, made in the twelfth year of the reign Preamble. of King Charles the Second, for prohibiting the planting, Reckai of an I 4 setting, aa L Cai*

5 q^an. C 8.

The rcc'ted aft, See. ex tended to Scotland.

Tobacco, the growth of Scotland, to be entered, See. before Aug. ao, 178a.

Such tobacco not to be re

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III c.73. [1782.

setting, or fowir.g of tobacco in England, the setting, planting, or improving to grow, making or luring tobacco, either in seed, plant, or other wise, within the kingdom/* England, dominion of Wales, Guernsey or Jersey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, is prohibited; and the said ofl has, by several subsequent alls, been explained and enforced: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the said prohibition is extended to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of her late majesty §>ueen Anne, intituled, An act for an union of the two kingdoms Of England and Scotland): now, for obviating such doubts for the future, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted and declared by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That the said act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and all and every other act or acts which hath since passed for prohibiting the culture of tobacco in England, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland; anything in any former act or acts contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II And whereas it is reasonable to permit, for a limited time, under certain rejlriliions, the use and consumption of such tobacco as hath been already produced and cured in Scotland, or may have been planted before the pafflng of this act, and be now growing there, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons whatsoever, having in his, her, or their custody or possession, any tobacco of the growth or production of Scotland, shall, before the twentieth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, give or send notice in writing, under his, her, or their hand or hands, to the collector and comptroller of his majesty's customs, at the customhouse in Scotland nearest to the place where such tobacco shall be lodged, a jut and true account upon oath (tohich oath such collector and comptroller of the customs are hereby authorised and required to administer) of the quantity of such tobacco that such person or persons shall then have in his, her, or their custody or possession; and at the same time shall enter with and pay to such collector and comptroller the like duties for such tobacco, as are then due and payable upon the importatidn of tobacco of the growth and produce of the British colonies or plantations in America \ and the like account shall in like manner be given or sent, and the like duties paid, for all tobacco that shall have been planted before the passing of this act, and may be now growing in Scotland; which last mentioned account shall be sent, and the duties paid, within three calendar months after such tobacco shall be gathered, on forfeiture of all such tobacco as shall be found unentered after the respective times herein before limited.

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afort said, That such tobacco shall not be carried or removed from

Scotland,

1782.] Anno viccfuno secundo georgii III C 73* iafi

Jutland, into any part of England, by land carriage, upon the moved into forfeiture thereof, together with the horses, cattle, and carri England by ages, made ufc of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of theme^*

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore hid, That it shall and. may be lawful for the proprietor or pro but may by prictors of such tobacco to remove the same, coastwise by water, water, under, into any port in.england, from the port where such tobacco was entered, but from no other, at any time before the twentieth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in hogsheads or calks, each of which shall not contain Ids than four hundred and fifty pounds weight of such tobacco; and before such tobacco shall be laden on board any ship or vessel for that purpose, the hogsheads or calks shall be marked on the outside with the words Scots Tobacco, in letters not less than three inches in length, with ink or some other durable liquor j and the net weight of such tobacco, and the care of the calks,

shall be also marked, with such ink or liquor, on the outsides of such hogiheads or calks, and a certificate shall be granted, by the collector and comptroller of the customs at such port, to the mailer of the ship or vessel on board which such tobacco shall be laden, to accompany the same; which certificate shall express the weight of such'tobacco, with the marks upon the casks, the name of the ship or vessel, the name of the person or persons by whom the duty was paid, and the time when, and the port in England to which, such tobacco is intended to be carried; and such tobacco shall also be liable to the like coast Securities, fufferances, cocquets, and other restrictions, not altered by this act, as are required by law for tobacco of the growth, production, or manufacture, of the British colonies or plantations in America, carried coastwise in Great Britain; and if such tobacco shall be removed, or found removing, withbut being marked as before directed, or without such sufferance, cocquet, or certificate, or shall not agree therewith, such tobacco shall be forfeited.

V And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall take any Penalty oa faife oath, or shall counterfeit, forge, erase, or in any wise alter counterfeiting any certificate required by this act, or shall cause or procure cj^tes. such certificate to be counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered in any respect, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue and prosecute for the same; and such penalty shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in the name of his majesty's attorney general in England, or lord advocate for Scotland, or in the name of any officer or officers of the customs in any court of record in England, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, where such offence shall be committed or difeo wcd.

VI And

1*2

Ail to bacco not duty entered, or removed contrary to this act, with the cattle, C (nail be fcw fcited.

Duty to be paid without any discount.

Application

tneieof.

No drawback

on exportation.

Preamble.

Anno vicellmo secundo Georgii III c.74^5. [1782

VI And i is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all such tobacco as shall not be entered, and fbi which the duties shall not he paid purfuantto the directions ol this act, or which shall be removed, or found removing, in anj respect contrary thereto, together with the horses, cattle, and carriages, made use of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance, of the same, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs, and profeouted, recovered, and disposed of in the same manner, and by such ways and means, as other forfeited tobaceb, horses, cattle, and carriages, may be fetzed^ pro&cutod, recovered, and disposed of, by any act or acts 6 parliament in force in Great Britain.

VII And k is hereby further enacted by the authority aforei said, That the said duty hereinbefore granted shall be pak down kl ready money without any discount or allowance what (never, and shall be under the management and direction ft tto commissioners of the cu(focus in Scotland, and their officers, an shall be remitted to, and paid into, the receipt of his Majesty exchequer, by'the receiver-general of the customs in Englaii distinct and apart from all other monks which such receivd general Ikail receive for the use of his Majesty* his heirs or successors; and (hau be appropriated and applied to the same ufa and purposes as the duties payable upon the importation of to bacco of the growth or prpduft of the brhtr/b colonies or plan tarions in America, are appropriated and applied.

VIII And it is hereby farther enacted by the authority afok said. That no part of the said duty, granted by this act, (ha be repaid or allowed upon the exportation of such tobacco frost any part of Great Britain.

CAP. LXXIV

An act for enlarging the times appointed for the first meetings of con missionets, or other persons for putting in execution certain act of tb feftfon ft parliament.

Any aft p ailed during the present session, the commissionertt Scc. form cuting whereof shall not have met as therein directed, may meet, CI any day within a fortnight after the end ofthi» session.

CAP LXXV

An act to prevent the granting in future any patent office to te m died in any colony or plantation new, or at any time hereafter, i longing to the crown of Great Britain, for any longer term tk during fitch time as the grantee thereof, or person appointed tier to, fliatt discharge the duty thereof in person, and behave id therein.

WHEREAS the practice of granting offices in his Mojtf colonies and plantations in America, and the West Ind to persons resident and intending to refede in Great Britain, (in U sequence whereof such officers are exercisei by deputy, and have hi i frtqm

1782.] Anno vicesimo fecund Georgii ILL C 7 123

frequently farmed out to the best bidder), has been long complained of os a grievance by his Majesty's loyal jukjebs in those parity who have been thereby exposed to exactions and opprejjionty as well as to incon \enienus arising from neglxft of dotty; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this patent parliament assembled, and by the authority of die same. That from grantingpa henceforth np office to be exercised in any colony or plantation nt to no, or at any time hereafter, belonging to the crown of Great Britain, shall be granted or guntable by patent for any longer nie, reftria term than during such time as the grantee thereof, or person CD appointed thereto, shall discharge the duty thereof in person, and behave well therein.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Governor and if any person or persons holding such office, shall be wilfully ab council may Jem from the colony or plantation wherein the same is or.ought !moe o? to be exercised, without a reasonawe cause to be allowed by the governor and council for the time being of such colony or plantation, or shall Reeled the duty of such office, or otherwise miibehave therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for such governor and council to amove such person or persons from

every or any such office: and in cate any person or persons so amoved shall think him tel f aggrieved thereby, it shall and may be lawful to and for the person or persons so aggrieved to appeal therefrom, as in other cates of appeal from such colony or plantation, whereon such amotion shall be finally judged of and determined by his Majesty in council.

III Provided always. That it shall be lawful for the governor and may grant and council of any colony or plantation to give such leave of abcavc °* tence as they shall tee occasion 5 and in such case, as likewise in lcncc*

the case of vacancy occasioned by death or amotion, to provide for the due discharge of the duties of such office or offices until the king's pleasure shall be known.

IV Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall open Subsistlng

rate to the prejudice of any subsisting grant of such office or grant not to offices, or to prevent any office being granted determinable at C prejudiced picasure. ^*by thuaft.

CAP. IXXVI.

An act for enabling his. Majesty to raice the stun of one million, for the life and perpofes therein mentioned.

Credit of Toon granted to hi Majesty for 1, 000, 0001. Treasury may raise the same by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is preienbed by the bod tax act f tnis session, concerning loans, Sec. The clauses, Sec. in the said at relating to loans, or exchequer bills, (except such claults as charge the same on the taxes granted by the said a, or limit the rate of interest) txtenhud to the loams, See. to be made in puriuance of this a. Principal fed ukcrest, with charges, to be paid out of the next supply, and if fuf iciemt fuppltes be not granted before July 5, 1783, then to be paid out of the sinking fund; and the moneys lo issued to be replaced out of the first fapplies. The bank impo*ered to advance, on the said credit of loan, uiy (urn net exceeding r>000, 0001,

CAP.

124 annovicesimo secundo Georgii III c.77. [1782.

CAP. LXXVII

An act to render valid and effectual certain articles of agreement between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of lon dofty governors of the possessionsy revenues, and goods, of the hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and of the hospitals of Henry the Eighth, King of England, called The House of the Poor, in West Smithfield, near London, and of the house and hospital called Bethelem, and the presidents, treasurersy and ailing governors, of the said several hospitals.

Preamble. WHEREAS diverse disputes and differences have arisen be tween the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the pofj'efjlons, revenues, and gooisy of toe hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bride, well, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and of the hospitals of Henry the Eighthy King England, called The House of the Poor, in West Smithfield, near London, and of the house and hospital tailed Bethelem, and thepresidents, treasurersy and ailing governors, of the said several hofpitahy touching their respeilive rigbtsy powers and privtlegesy in the orderingy managementy government and iifpo fttion of the said hofpitahy and the ejlatesy possessxonsy and revenues thereof: and whereas several personsy deputed by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, have had several meetings with persons deputed by the said presidentsy treasurersy and ailing governorsy for the purpose of settling and terminating the several matters in dispute between them; and in consequence of tub meetings, and of the resolutions of a court of common council of the city of London, and also of general courts held for the said respeiltvt hofpitahy the said mayor and commonalty and citizensy and the soil presidentsy treasurersy and ailing governorsy have respehively entered into and executed an agreement in the wordty or to the purport and ejfeil following; (that is to say

Articles of agreement.

ARTICLES of AG REE ME NT madey concludedy and agreed upony between the mayor, and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the possessionsy revenues, and goodsy of the hospitals Edward King/* England the Sixthy of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, by virtue of an order cr resolution of a court of common councily held the thirtieth day if May, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, of the one part; and the right honourable Thomas Harley alderman of London presidenty and John Darker efquirt treasurery of Saint Bartholomew's Hospital; Robert Alsop ejquire alderman of London presidenty and Thomas Burfoot ejquire treasurery of christ's Hospital 5 Richard Clark esquire alderman of London treasurer of Bridewell and Bethelem Hospitals; Samuel Plumbe esquire alderman of London presidenty and Edward Jefferies esquire treasurery of Saint thomas's

Hof

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 77.

Hospital j and the several other persons now a sling as governors of the faii several hospitals respectively, whoy in behalf of them fives and others a sling as governors as aforesaid have hereunto fet their bands and fools by virtue of certain orders made at several general courts of the faii hospitals respectively* videlicet, of Saint bartholomew's Hospital the twelfth day of June, of christ's Hospital the thirteenth day of June, of Bridewell and Bethelem Hospitals the fourteenth day of June, and of Saint thomas's Hospital the said twelfth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two afore said of the other part.

WHEREAS the ordering, management, and government of the said hospitals, and of each and every of them, and the several rights, revenues, and possessions thereof respectively, were veiled in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their successors, by several charters or letters patent of the late Kings Henry the Eighth and Edward the Sixth, bearing date respectively the thirteenth day of janu cry in the thirty eighth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, and twenty sixth day of June in the sixth year of the reign of King Edward the Sixth, with such powers, rights, and privileges, to such uses and purposes, and subject to such restrictions, limitations, and trusts, as in the said charters or letters patent are expressed and contained: and whereas the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of London in pursuance and by virtue of such charters or letters parent, took upon themselves the management and government of the said several hospitals, and madeieveral orders and regulations touching the same: and whereas, at a general court held at chrijts Hospital upon the twenty seventh day of September one thousand five hundred and fifty seven, by the governors of all the said hospitals, it was ordered and agreed, That the said hospital of Saint Bartholomew should from thenceforth be united to the rest of the said hospitals, and be made one body with them; and that for the government of all the said hospitals, sir Martin Brttwkqight (then an alderman of the city of London) should be comptroller general, and sir Andrew Judde knight (then also an alderman) should be surveyor general, and that three aldermen, a treasurer, and eight other citizens therein named and described, should be governors for each and every of the said hospitals, and such hoipitals respectively from thenceforth continued under the same kind of management, with a small in creafeof governors, down to the year one thousand five hundred and sixty four, when, upon the twenty first day of September in that year (being Saint Matthew's day), a president, treasurer, and other governors, were chosen at chrijvs Hospital for each of the said hospitals: and these elediions upon Saint Matthew's day were continued annually, down to the year one thousand five hundred and eighty seven $ from that period courts were at several times held at chri/ts Hospital down to the year one thousand six hundred and fifty-two inelusive, for electing or

coa

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 77. [1782*

confirming governors of the said hospitals respectively, but not yearly, or in the same regular manner as thentofore: and courts were also held during that period, at and for the said hospitals, for nominating or eledting governors of those hospitals. respectively, and for the management thereof; and from and after that time, it does not appear that such annual elections on Saint Matthew's day were kept up or observed at christs Hospital for nominating or electing governors of the said hospitals respectively, save only for confirmation of the governors elected at the said hospitals; but it appears that the governors of the said hospitals of Saint Bartholomew, Chri/}> Bridewell, and Btthekm respectively, have been chosen at general courts or committees held at the said hospitals, from and after the said year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and fifty-two, down to the present time: and whereas it also appears by ancient records or entries, and otherwise, fhat lists of the governors chosen for the. said hospitals of Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, and Bethelemf and Saint Thomas, have been annually sent from those hospitals o christs Hospital previous to the meeting of the said governors on Saint Matthews day for confirmation, and that such lists have constantly been delivered to the clerk of chrijts Hospital, and by him, together with a list of governors of chrijts Hospital, presented to the lord mayor of the city of London for the time being, and by his lordship immediately delivered over, or di reeled to be delivered over, yearly and every year, at that time and place, to the town clerk of the same city attending his lord ship on those meetings, in the presence of the aldermen, or great part of them, without making any objection to, or attempting to alter in any respect the annual lists of governors so delivered, or that mode of confirmation; which practice or vfage hath been continbed as to all the said hospitals to the present time, save and except that the presidents, treaftirers, governors, and officers of the said several hospitals were for forae years appointed by certain commissioners authorised by his late msgefty King Charles the Second, for the regulation or the said hospitals: and whereas great benefit has been derived to the charitable institutions of the said hospitals from such mode of managing and conducting the same, and from the voluntary contributions, grants, bequests, and donations of the several persons so elected governors as aforesaid, and others s and whereas disputes have arisen between the said mayor and corrtmonalty and citizens, and the persons acting as governors of the said hospitals, touching their respective rights, powers, and privileges, in the ordering, management, government, and disposition of the said hospitals, and the estates, possessions, and revenues thereof: and it is conceived to be for the mutual benefit of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and of the said hospitals, that all such disputes should ccafe, and be finally and amicably settled, adjusted, and terminated, and that the actual ordering, management, and government of the said hospitals re fpcdtively shall for ever hereafter be continued in the mayor and

aldermen

Anno vicesimo feundo Georgii III C 77. 127

aldermen of the said city, together with the other persons now acting as governors, or hereafter to be elected as such, in she uftu! mode of election of governors at the said respective hospitals, and such of the commoners of the said city as shall be elected and chosen in the manner hereafter to be hereby directed, with such powers, rights, and privileges, to such uses and purposes, and under and subject to such restrictions and trusts, as are in the said charters or letters patent, and herein after in these articles, expressed and contained: now therefore these presents witness, that, in order to effectuate the salutary purposes herein before mentioned, it is hereby mutually and fully agreed and declared by and between the said parties to these presents, in manner following; (that is to say),

firs That the governors of the said several hospitals of Saint First article Bartholomew, Betbelem> Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the jpojhe9 and every of them named in the respective lists, delivered in noon the twenty first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, being Saint Matthew's day, at cbrijts Hefpital aforesaid, to the town clerk of the city of lon by the order of the lord mayor; and also those' governors who have been elected since the delivery of such lists, together with the lord mayor and aldermen of the said city of London; and also the members of the said court of common council, to be nominated and appointed as herein after is mentioned, for the time being, shall be establifoed and confirmed governors of fttch of the aforesaid hospitals respectively, of which they had been dedted governors previous to the delivery of such lists as aforesaid, or have been since the delivery of such lists, or in future shall be elected governors, in such and the same manner, and with such and the same rights, privileges, powers, and authorities, a6 any governors of the same several hospitals, or any of them, at any time or times since the first establi foment or appointment of the annual meetings at cbrijts Hospital on Saint Mattbevfs day, for the nomination, election, or confirmation of governors of the said hospitals respectively, have, or could, or might, or ought to have had, in the governing, ordering, management, and disposition of the business, affairs, or concerns of the said hospitals respectively, and of the real estates and possessions of every denomination, and of the rents and revenues thereof; and also of all and Angular the goods, chattels, and personal estate and effects whatsoever, of or belonging to the same hospitals respectively; and such governors who have been so already elected, and such governors as shall be hereafter elected at general courts or committees to be held for the said hospitals respectively, in such manner as such governors now are or ought to be elected or chosen by the rules and orders now used and establifoed, or hereafter to be used and establifoed, in the bid hospitals respectively, together with the lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London aforesaid, and the members of Ac said court of common council for the time being, to be no mutated and appointed as herein after mentioned, shall have

good

n8 Anno vicefinto secundo georgii III C 77. [1787.

good right, full power, and absolute authority, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to nominate, elect, and appoint, the presidents, treasurers, and all other officers and ministers of and for the said hospitals respectively, and to do every other ad, matter, and thing, alts, matters, and things, necessary or expedient to be done for the good government and conduct of the same fever^l hospitals, and in the management and disposition of the estates real and personal of the same respectively, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the governors of the same hospitals respectively have at any time or times heretofore acted in or about the government, management, and disposition of the same, orin anywise relating thereto, without the lawful suit, hindrance, denial, interruption, molestation, or disturbance, of or by any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate whomsoever or whatsoever.

Second article. Secondly, That at fell times hereafter, when and so often as it shall or may be necessary or expedient for the mayor, aldermen, and other governors of the said hofpitajs respectively, acting and to act as aforesaid, to prosecute, carry on or defend any suit or suits, distress or distresses, ejedment or ejedments, or other acts or proceedings either at law or in equity, touching or concerning all or any of the possessions, rights, titles, or revenues of the same hospitals, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for the lord mayor, aldermen, and other governors or the said hospitals respectively, acting or to act as aforesaid, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, on all such occasions, and for all or any of the purposes aforesaid, to use and assume the names, style, and title of the mayor and commonalty and citizen, of the city of London, as governors of the house of the poor commonly called Saint Bartholomew's Hospital near West Smithfield, London, of the foundation of King Henry the Eighth; and as mailers, guardians, and governors of the house and hospital called Bethtlem, situate without and near to bi/bopfgate, of'the said city of London; and as governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the hospitals of Edward late King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, or of such of the said hospitals respectively, touching or concerning which, or the rights, title, possessions, or revenues whereof, such suit or suits, distress or distresses, or other acts or proceedings as aforesaid, shall or may be commenced, made, or profecutea; and that in all cases whatsoever wherein the name, style, or title, of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city (hold be soused or afliuned for any of the uses or purposes aforesaid, the costs, charges, damages, and expenses, which shall be incurred and sustained by reason or means of such suit or suits, distress or distresses, shall be born, paid, and disbursed, by the treasurer for the time being of the said hospitals respectively, concerning which, or the estates, revenues, or possessions whereof, such suit or suits, distress or distresses, shall be brought, prosecuted, or made, out of the general funds of the same hospitals respectively, or out of the rents and revenues

thereof;

17j2j Anno vicesimo secundo georgii III C 77.

thereof; and that the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, and their respective goods, chattels, and estates and also the lands, tenements, estates, and possessions, belonging to them in their separate capacity, other than the estates and possessions vested in them for the use and benefit of the said several hospitals, shall be indemnified, protected, and saved harmless, from and against all such costs, damages, and ex peaces, to be incurred as aforesaid: and further, that in case the treasurers of the said hospitals respectively, for or concerning which, or the estates or revenues whereof, such suit or suits flull at any time hereafter be brought and prosecuted, or such distress or distresses shall be made, shall refuse or neglect to make such payments as aforesaid; and the mayor and commonalty and citizens, and his or their respective estates, or the estates or revenues which they enjoy in their corporate capacity, other than the estates and revenues vested in them for the benefit of the said hospitals respectively, shall become charged with the payment of such costs, charges, damages, and expenses, as aforesaid; that then and in such case, and as often as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city to enter into and upon any of the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, and revenues, belonging to any of the said hospitals, in respect of which any such actions or suits shall be brought, and whereof the legal interest is become vested in them under or by virtue of the several charters granted to them by King Henry the Eighth and Edward the Sixth, or either of them, and to hold and enjoy the same, and receive and take the rents and profits thereof, until the sum for which they or their estates shall become so charged shall be fully paid and Satisfied, and no longer.

ykiruji That the seal of or belonging to the aforesaid hospitals shall be restored to the chamber of the said city of London, and be kept as heretofore by the chamberlain of the same city for the time being, in a purie or box sealed with the seals of the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, and any of the aldermen of the same city who shall be present at any time or times that the same seal (nail be used; that all leases which shall at any time or times hereafter be made or granted of any of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of or belonging to the aforesaid several hospitals, or any of them, and all and every other deeds, presentations, and other instruments whatsoever relating to or concerning the same hospitals, or the estates, revenues, and pofieftions thereof respectively^ (after the same shall have been examined, approved, and signed, by the presidents or treaforers, and such a competent number of the aldermen and other governors of such of the said respective hospitals, to which such leases, deeds, or instruments, shall relate or concern, as have been used and accustomed to examine, approve, and sign the same, shall be left at the chamberlain's office aforesaid, for the aforesaid seal of the said hospitals to be affixed thereto. With such doequet or writing explaining the purport of such Vol. XXXIV K leases,

12£

Third article.

*3° Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii II g*77^ [1782.

leases, deeds, or instruments, foto be left at the said office, in such manner and form a? heretofore was and has been used and accustomed in that behalf, and the same leases and writings foto be left as aforesaid), shall thereupon be sealed with the said seal of the aforesaid hospitals in the next court of aldermen or of common council, whichever shall first happen, without any reacting, addition, examination, or alteration of the same.

Fourth article, fourthly. That the said court of common council shall or may, at their first court to be held after the twenty first day of December now next ensuing, or at any fobfequent court, nominate and appoint forty-eight persons (being members of the court of common council of the said city), out of which number the names of twelve (half be sent to Saint bartholomew9s he/pitol^ twelve to the united hospitals of Bridewell and Bctbelm, twelve to Cbrifl's Hospital, and twelve to Saint Thomas Hefpitaf, to be governors thereof respectively 5 and that such names shall be entered in the books of the said hospitals, and in the lists of the governors thereof respectively, in the order in which they shall be so sent; and they and every of them shall from thenceforth be governors of the said respective hospitals, and shall as such in all matters relative to the said hospitals respectively, for /fo long time, and for so many years successively, as they respectively shall continue to be members of the said court of com ipon council, or shall be re elected as such members of the said court; and they, and each and every of them, shall have and enjoy the like privileges, benefits, and advantages, which the*other governors of the said hospitals (not being aldermen) have Had and enjoyed, or now enjoy; and that when and as often as any one or more of the said twelve members of the said court of common council, whose names shall be sent to any or either of the said hospitals as aforesaid, shall die, or cease to be a member or members of the said court of common council, or shall not be re elected into such office, the said court of common council shall and may nominate and appoint another person, or other persons, being a member or members of the said court, in the place or stead of him or them so dying, or ceasing to be of the common council, or who shall not be re elc<sted; and foand in like manner, when and as often as any new governor, to be nominated and sent to any of the said hospitals as aforesaid, shall die, or cease to be a member of the said court of common council, iand shall not be re elected into such office, the said court of common council shall or may nominate and appoint another] person or other persons, being a member or members of the said court, in the place or stead of the governor or governors lafti mentioned, and shall and may in like manner fill up all future vacancies which shall happen, so as that twelve members of the (hid court of common council, and no more, so nominated and! sent to the said several hospitals as aforesaid, may for the rhyme! being, and for ever hereafter, be governors in each of the said hospitals of Saint Bartholomew Christ, and Saint Thomas the Jpoftle; and also that twelve members of the said common

coon

1 fli.] Aflno titeflifid fecurtclo gfiorgil Ilf. C 77. 1

countil may be governor's of the said united hospitals of bride util and Betbelem\ and all and every the person and persons from time to time to be chosen by the said court of common council, upon any such vacancy as aforesaid, (after his or their name or names shall be sent to the said hospital or hospitals where such vacancy or vacancies respectively shall happen

(hallpr may at as governors of the same hospitals respectively, and he entitled to the like privileges and advantages as the governors first to be chosen and sent by the said common council as aforesaid.

Provided, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice the Provilb* rights of such members of the court of common council as how arc governors of any of the said hospitals, or shall hereafter be § come so, by election or nomination of the governors of such hospital, in the manner heretofore used and accustomed, over and ( bfcfides the twelve members of the said court who shall be governors by virtue of this agreement.

And, lajuy, for removing all doubts touching the observance and performance of this agreement, and of the matters and things herein contained, by all the parties hereto, and their (ucceflbrs, it is hereby further agreed by and between all the panics aforesaid. That this present agreement, and all and every the matters and things herein contained, shall be humbly fub nutted to the consideration and confirmation of the legislature, loas that the same may, under the present application to parliament for a bill for efiablifbing end confirming the present gover non of the respective hospitals of Saint Bartholomew, Bethelem,

Cbrist, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apofile, of royal foun-

Jetien, in the exercise and enjoyment of all such acts> poiuersy and }rivile£fs> relating to the aid hospitals, and the estates and rruenucs thereof as are therein expressed, and for the other purposes therein mti$ned\ or otherwise, be established and confirmed by the authority of an a of parliament, with futh saving clause as is usual in cases of the like nature, if the legislature (nail so think fit.

In witness whereof, to one part of these articles, the said, mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, as such governors as aforesaid, have caused their common seal, used for tbcestates and concerns of the said hospitals, to be affixed: apd to the other part thereof the said Thomas Harley, John Darker, hhert Alfopy Thomas Burfooty Richard Clarhy Samuel Plumbe, and Edtuard Jefseries, esquires, and the several other persons now ailing as such governors, as aforesaid, whose bands andf full are hereunto seton behalf of themselves and others ailing, as such governors, have /everally and respectively fet their hands nd seals the fifteenth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

M whereas it is'conceived* that it will be greatly for the benefit of the tftrefaidseveral royal hospitals, and tendtorejlore and establish the per meat peace and good government of the same reffectively, if the said K % agree

i Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 77. [178a.

agreement could be confirmed and rendered valid and effectual; but ihafmuch as the same cannot be done without the aid and authority of an act of parliament, your Majesty's mofi dutiful and loyal subjects, tie mayor and commonalty and citizens <?/ix>ndon, governors of thepojjtf suns revenues, and goods, of the aforesaid hospitals and the prefiaents, treasurersy and acting governors of thefaidseveral royal hospitals reflectively, do mofi humbly befeecbyour Majesty that it may be enacted 2 and be it enabled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au the said ar thority of the same. That the said articles of agreement, dated ticks of agree the fifteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and inent are^eighty-two, and herein before set forth, and all and every the firmejand* covenants, clauses, provisoes, stipulations, and agreements stablished. therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby ratified, confirmed, and established, according to the tenor, purport, and true intent and meaning of the same.

The articles II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, to extend to for rendering the said articles of agreement more effectual for the mew's and fcvcra* purposes therein mentioned, the said mayor and com betbekm hof monalty and citizens of the said city of London, and all other pitals. the parties thereto, shall observe and perform the several matters

and things therein contained, not only as governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the hospitals of Edworl King of England the Sixth, of Chrtft, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the jfpofile, but also as governors of the house of the poor in tvefl Smithfield near Londoify of the foundation of King Henry the Eighth, and as matters, keepers, and governors, of the aforesaid house and hospital called Bethelemy as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said mayor and commonalty and citizens had been described in the said articles of agreement by the respective corporate names herein before mentioned. Publick act. m. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this act shall be taken and allowed to be a public ad in all courts within the kingdom of Great Britain; and all judges and justices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

General fav IV Saving always to theking's most excellent majesty, his hein gand successors, and to the mayor and commonalty and citizens

of the said city of London and to all and every other person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, his, her, and their hein, lucceflbrs, executors, and adminittrators, all such estate, right, title, interest, property, claim or demand whatsoever, which they or any of them had, claimed, exercised, or enjoyed, before the patting of this act, except only as to such rights, interests and claims, of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of London, and of the persons now and heretofore acting as governors of the said hospitals respectively, as are given up, altered, modified, and taken away, by virtue of this act, or of the agreement above recited, and by this act confirmed.

CAP.

*33

iffa'] Anno ricesimo secundo Georgii III C 78.

CAP. LXXVIII

An ar to permit drugs, that produr of Hungary or Germany, to bt imported from the Austrian Netherlands, or any part of Germany, upon payment of the Jingle duty; to allow the importation of Hungary or German wines, and ot ganzined thrown jiik, from the Austrian Netherlands, or any part of Germany, into Great Britain, and of timber, and other goods, from any part of Europe, in shipe the property of subjers under the same sovereign as the country of which the goods are the growth, produce, or manufacture.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the eighth Preamble.

and ninth years of the reign of King William the Third, Recital of I & intituled, An act for theleflening the duty upon tin and pewter GUI. j#c. exported, and granting an equivalent for the same by a duty upon drags, after reciting, That whereas by an act, made in the twelfth year of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other Turns of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported, it was provided, That all drugs imported direrly from that place of their growth in Englith built shipping, be rated one third part of what is charged in the book of rates, and no more, it was, among other things, enared, That the subsidy to be received for all drugs, imparted billy from the place of their growth in Englifti built flapping, ball bt otarding to tbo full value on the resperive species enumerated in the book of rates, and not according to the said abatement; and for oil drugs otherwise imported, treble such full value: and whereas drugs of the growth, produr, or manufarure of Hungary and Germany, hove heretofore been usually imported from Rotterdam, upon payment of the Jingle duty; and it is expedient to permit fitch drugs tt be imported in like manner from the Austrian Netherlands, or any port in Germany: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem mcd, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after j^y$ the twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, all drugs of the growth, production, or manufacture prodia of m Hungary or Germany, which shall be laden and shipped at any Hungary or port or place in the Aujlrian Netherlands, or at any port in Ger Germany, many, and imported from thence in British built shipping into this kingdom, shall be deemed and taken to be imported directly he Austrian from the place of their growth, production, or manufacture, Netherlands, and shall be liable to and pay duties accordingly j anything in con pay the said recited act, or any other act or acts of parliament, to 2* J the contrary notwithstanding. duty

1l And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Duties to ho Cud, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of July, one paid on tbo toubnd fevea hundred and eighty.two, it shall ana ma '

j 3f Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III f. jrjl.

organzined lawful for any person or persons to import any wines, or any from^gcrma or£anzjne(l thrown silk, being the growth, product, or manu ny, &: C being facture, of Hungary, the Aujlrian dominions, or any part of gcr the product of wavy into Great Britain, from the Aujlrian Netherlands, or from the imperial any port or place subject to the emperor ot Germany, or house nonunions. of Austria, upon payment of the same duties for such wine as are due and payable for Rhenijb wine, and the same duties for such organzined thrown silk as are due and payable for the like silk imported into this kingdom from Italy, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Recital of the III And whereas by an all of parliament, made in the twelfth navigational, year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for i*car.2.c.i8. the encouraging and increasing of (hippingand navigation, ////, amongst other things, enabled, That no goods or commodities of tbt growth, production, or manufacture of Muscovy, or to anf the f countries, dominions, or territories, to the great duke or enfptwe of ^lufcovy or Russia belonging; . as also that no sorts of masts, timber, trn boards, no foreign salt, pitch, tar, rosin, hemp, or flax, raisins, figs, prunes, olive oils; no sorts of corn or. grain, Jugar, pot qjbes, wines, vinegar, or spirits called Aqua Vitae, or Brandy .Wine, Jhtll he imported into England, Ireland, Wafcs, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any slip or Ships, vessel or vessels whatfoevtr, but such as do truly, and without fraud, belong to the people thereof, or same of them, as the true owners and+proprietors thereof, and whereof the master and three fourths of the mariners at leaf are English; except only such foreign hips and vefjels as art of the built of that country or place of which the said goods are the grovhh, production, or manufacture respectively, or of such port where the said goods aeon only bp, or most usually are, first shipped for transportation, and whereof the ipaftfr and three fourths of the mariners at leaf are of the said country or place, under the penalty and forfeiture of ship and goods: and whereas by another act, mode in the sixth year of the reign of his late $ geo.i.c. 15. niajejly King George the First, intituled, An act to repeal so much - of the ad, intituled, An act for preventing frauds and regulating ahufes in his Majesty's customs, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of King Charles the Second, as relates to the prohibiting the importation of deal boards and fir timber from Germany, it is, amongst other things, enabled, That it Shall and mey be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's subjects to import any quantity or quantities of fir timber, fir planks, masts, and deal boards, being of the growth of Germany, into this kingdom, from any port er place in Germany, in British built Ships only, so as the owner or owners are his Majesty's British subjects, and whereof the aa/lerani three fourths of the mariners at leqft are British subjects, paying the v\ke rates and duties to his Majesty for the same as are payable for sir timber, fir planks, majb, and deal boards, imported from Norway: w, iq order to encourage and promote the importation of timber, and several of the other articles enumerated in the said ids, into this kingdom \ be it further enacted by. the authority from July5, ttforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty fifth day of Jefy*

nut timber q0c thoqfaad fcyen hundred and eighty-two, it shall. aniaajf. ftc. maybe 0 r - &

i.] Aimo vibdsimo fccunflogeorori HI. C 79. 135

Wiawful fur smy person ot persons to import into Great Bri imported in tain nay sort of timbery or any of the said artides enumerated in the before recited acts, from any foreign port or place in Europe, c, tun rein any ship or vessel being the property of subjeas under the same itriftioni \ sovereign as the country of which such goods are the growth, produa, or manufacture, although the country or place where such ship or vessel was built, or to which she doth or may belong, was not under the dominion of such sovereign at the time of passing the herein before recited a A, made in the twelfth year df the reign of King Charles the Second; anything in the said recited aas, or any other aa, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV Provided always, That all such goods and merchandizes ^** h imported into Great Britain, in such foreign buik ships, or ens^dutic**the property of foreigners, shall be liable to aliens and all other 1

duties to which they would have been liable if this act had not been made.

CAP. LXXIX

in act for the encouragement and iifciplihhg bf futb corps or com panics of men as Shall voluntarily enrol themselves for defence of their towns or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom during the present war.

WHEREAS the titmo/l exertions are now reqtdftte for in Preamble.

trtafmg the military force in this kingdom, be it therefore enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with thft advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com*nutos, in thte prefertt parliament afleitiwed, and by the authority of the same. That any corps or companies or volunteers. All volunteer who now are or shall hereafter be formed, in any towns or elsewhere in Great Britain, during the continuance of the present vi(jon or war, under officers having commission from his Majesty, or beilion, shall from the lieutenants of counties, or others who may be specially march out of authorised by his Majesty for that purpose, and who shall at ttotwiwor anytime, in case of actual invasion or rebellion, march out of counties, shall! their respeaive towns or counties for the purpose of aaing against be entitled to fcrij rebels or invaders of this kingdom, shall, in that case, be receive pay at entitled to receive pay in such manner and at such rates as the officers and soldiers of his majesty's regular forces do now receive j and shall, during the time of their so receiving pay as above, be subjea to military difeiplinfc a the rest bf his majesty's regular and militia troops.

II Provided always. That no officer or soldier of any volum* s0, 1*1?* teer corps shall be liable to be tried br punished by any court of volunteert, martial at any time, unless such court martiar be composed en to be compos tirely of officers serving in the volunteer corps, if a fotficient CD of volun number can be obtained to constitute such court-martial. tccr oer

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commissioned ill commissioned officers of the said corps, who shall be disabled aws^iotided by the $nemy in aaual service, shall be entitled to half pay, and to half pay.

£4 aluc.

Anno vicesimo secundo'gsox.011 IIL C o [1782.;

all non commissioned officers and soldiers so disabled to the benefit of Chelsea hofpitau and the widows of commissioned officers killed in the ftrvice to a petition for life.

CAP. LXXX

An act to veil certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his Majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at; Portsmouth and Chatham. '

For the better securing hfs majesty's docks, ships of war and stores, it ia necessary to enlarge and (trengthen the fortifications at or near Portsmouth and Chatham, and in order thereunto to purchase certain pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, near Portlmouth, in the county of Southampton, containing about five hundred and twenty seven acres, om rood and thirty-three perches. And certain other pieces of land, and*tenements thereunto belonging, situate in or near Frindlbury, in the coun i ty of Kent, containing about three hundred and iiaty six acres, two roods! and thirty perches. And certain other pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, in the parilb of Gillingham, in the (hid county, containing about one hundred and ninety three acres, one rood and twenty perches. And certain other pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, situate in the parish of Chatham, in the said county, containing! abopt four acres, one rood and twenty-four perches; being part of the Jands comprised in the aftof »ogeo. j.c.49. veiled in the right honourable Charles Wolfran Corn wall, Jervoife Clerk Jervoise, Robe rtthifileth wait, they honourable Charles Matham, and Filmer Honywood, esquires, their heir, in trust for the respective owners till the purchase money, with interest at 5i. percent, from the time of taking pollclfion, be paid. Reasonable com pep fation to be made to the proprietors out of the next parliamentary aids.' his majesty empowered, by letters patent under the great seal, to appoint commissioners to determine claims to the said lands, C and aoy five or more may proceed, upon the oath of witnesses, inspection of deeds, Ac. and if the parties require it, by the inquest of twelve men, to inquire into the rights, estares, and interests of any persons, dec. relating to the premises, and to have power to send for persons, deeds. See Judgements and decrees of commissioners to be entered in books, C Copies theitof to be laid before both houses of parliament. Commissioners to issus their warrants to Iheriifs to summon juries; who are to inquire into the value of lands, Sec. penalty on Iberiffs or their officers making default; not more than 101. nor lets than 101, and also on jurors, not more than 10i. for each offence. To be eltreated into the court of exchequer. In case a sufficient jury shall not appear upon return of the warrant, commissioners may adjourn the inquelt, and lfiue their warrant for summontnz other jurors in room of defaulters. Commissioners, after the inquest shall be taken, may adiourn, See. Commissioners to give 14 days notice previous to their respective meetings. If owners make default in appearing, C the commissioners to determine upon the belt information they can get, which is to be final. On payment of the Turns assessed by the jury, Arc. trustees to be deemed seized of the premises, for the use of his Majesty. Pumps, wells. Sec. to be free. No private building to be erected upon any lands veiled by this act. Damages altefied to be paid out of the next aids granted by parliament. Buildings erected contrary to this act to be pulhd down. Lands to be purchased in pursuance of this act shall be liable to the usual tithes and taxes. To be paid by the storekeeper of the prdnance. Commissioners not liable to the penalties in the acts of t5car, southeast. s. iw.&m.c. I. 14 W. 3. C 6. nor 1 Geo. ic 13. Comopf loners not difqualifjed from being members of parliament.

CAP.

i; 82.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 81.

*37

CAP. LXXXI

in ab for the batter regulation of the office of paymaster general of

his Majesty's forces.

WHEREAS it appears, by the reports made by the tommif jioners appointed to examine, take, and.jlase the public ae aunts of the kingdom, that the paymafteof the fortes have hereto

fsrebeeu attuftomed to accumulate large sums of public money in their hods, beyond what was nectssary for carrying on the services in their department, and to take and tarry out of office with them, upon their rifigsatm or removal, large balances of public money, wbitb they beve retained and kept in their bands many years after being out foe: and whereas it is highly expedient that a be providedfor these inconveniences; be it therefore enabled by the

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana con fern of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prtfent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the paymaster general of his ma jelly's forces for the time being, in all memorials to be by him prerented to the treasury for money for army services, shall pray that such sum as he requires may be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England on his account, lpecifying, in every such memorial, the sum he requires, and for what particular service or services; and the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, by their letter from time to time Hull direct the auditor of the exchequer to issue to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the pay mailer general of his majesty's foroes, naming such paymaster general for the time being, the sum for which such letter shall be drawn upon the unlatisfi'cd order at the exchequer in favour of the said paymaster general, for which the receipt of the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company shall be a fufficieot discharge; and all sums for which such letters of the commitfioners of his majesty's treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued to tyre governor and company of the bank of England, in like manner as they have been heretofore iltued to the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces j and all such moneys foto be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England, Hull be placed to an account to be raised in the books of the governor and company of the said bank of England, and to be intituled, The Account of the Poytnqfler General of his Majesty't Foroes; infertingthe name of such paymaster general for the time being.

11. And be it enacted, That no fees whatsoever shall be paid at the exchequer or treasury for oc by reason of the transadhons aforesaid, beyond the amount of what hath usually been paid vpon ioprefts and accounts hitherto made, according to the

former

Preamble.

Fsea Jan. t.

the exchequer, for Army ftrvicet, Hull be paid into the banl^ and placed to the account of the paymaster general

No feet more than usual shall be paid at the e*che« quer, Uq.

1*8

From Jan. t, 1783, no money shall be lifted from the exchequer to thf paymaster general.

Paymaster to draw on the bank for army services.

1- : 'r

f'-

The moneys lilted to the bank not to be paid thereof, onlefs for army fer 7 ice.

Clause to prevent an unne qrftaryaocu mufotio* ofi publick mo nry in the bank.

Anno vk»fimofcctmdogrol^gii III c.€i. [1782. former custom of transacting business between the exchequer, pay office, and bank fevorally.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of January, one thoycand seven hundred and eighty-three, no money for the service of the army shall be issued from his Majesty exchequer to the paymaster general of his majesty's foroes, or shall be placed, or directed to be placed, in his hands or possession, but the same shall be issued and directed to be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, and to be placed to the account abovementioned.

IV And be it further enisled by the authority aforesaid, That the paymaster general of his majeay's forces for the time being, by himself or his deputy, or the person or persons in his office duly authorised by the said paymaster general, from and after the ft id first day of January, one thousand seven hon dred and orghty three, shall draw upon the governor and company of the bank of England for all army Services whatever, and shall Specify in each and every draught the particular service for which the same is drawn; and no draught of the said paymaster, or his deputy, or the person or persons authorised as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Sufficient voucher to the said governor and company of the bank of England, unless the same specities the service for which it is drawn, and has been actually paid by the said governor and company of the bank of England.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the moneys So to be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the paymaster general of fan Majesty foroes, shall not be paid out of the bank unless for the army Services, and in pursuance of drafts or cheque paper, to be drawn on the governor and company of the bank of England, and Signed by the paymaster general of hie majesty?s forces for the time being, or his deputy, or the person or persons authorised as aforesaid; in which drafts shall be specifled the heads ef service to which the sums therein mentioned are to be applied | and Which drafts So drawn Shall be sufficient authority to the bank to pay Such money to the perform mentioned in such drafts, or to the bearer of them.

VI And that the commissioners of his moje/ly's treafnry may have a frequent knowledge of the balanee of cajhin the hands of the gaver nor Otsd tohrpany of the bank of England, on ateount of the paymajkr general of his Majeshfs fortes, in order to enable them to judge of the propriety and necefjity of further ijsues, and to present the wine ttffdry aecurntulmion of publick money in the hands of the governor and tompasty of the bank England, be it enadkd by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first day of January, one thobfend seven hundred aftd eighty^three,in the first memorial presented evtty month to the commifliohers of his majesty's treafnry, by the paymaster general of his majestyv forces for the time being, for a frppty of money for that arrfiy fertfcwi

suck

1782.j Anne vicefnpp fecqt>c}o C^ORGH IIJ. p.fiu'

(qch pay mailer shall insert, in the body of fgch memorial, the fjm total of the balance of ppbljck money on his account in the hands of the governor and company of the bank of England) to gerher with an account of all the puj^anding drafts drawn upon, but not paid by the said governor and company of the bank of England.

VII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That upon the death, resignation, or removal, of the present, Upon that and of every other paymaster of his majesty's forces hereafter to death or te be appointed, the balance pi calli for which he (hal at that time have credit, on his account as paymaster general, with the gobe balance vernorand company of the bank of England, shall, as fpon as calli be shall a successor shall be appointed to the said office, actually veil in have credit such successor, in trust for the service of the army, and be forth dor in his ac with transferred, carried oyer, and plaped to the account of such tramferrcci to successpr paymaster general of his majesty's foroes, and shall and the account may be applied, by fuph succeeding paymaster, to pay and dif of his succes charge all charges and demands upon his prcdeceflor, on ac for count of the army services, which shall at that tipae remain and be uncatisfied, and shall and may be paid by the said governor and company of the bank of England, in pursuance of the like drafts or cheque paper of such succeeding paymaster, in manner above mentioned, and not other^ife.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from apd after the said ftrft day of January, one thousand Paypaflfer I

seven hundred and eighty-three, the paymaster general of his keep an c

majesty's forces for the time being shall keep the account with,

the bank of all moneys issued to or directed tp he paid to him 1

for the service of the army: and the said paymaster general, ob

(wing the rules and regulations hereby preferred, shall not be

answerable for any money which Ue shall not a&uapy receive;

and the governor and company of the bank of England shall be

anlwerabie for all the moneys which shall be a&ualiy received by

them for the service of the army.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person pr persons shall, from and after the fid first Any perfom day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, who shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure oath to be forged or counterfeited, pr knowingly and wilfully aeft or paymaster, to affill in forging or counterfeiting the name or hand of the pay obtain money mailer general of his majesty's forces for the time beiiyg, or of from the his deputy, to any draught, cheque paper, instrumpot, of writing whatsoever, for pr in, order to the receiving or qbtainir^oy of a £cj00# the money in the hands or custody of the govqrpoc and company of the bank of England, on account of there paymaster general of his majesty's foroes; or tyall forge or counterfeit, or. cause or procure to be forged or coimtqrfefted/or knpwingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting, any draught, cheque paper, instrument, or writing in form of a draught, made by such paymaster general of his majesty's foroes, or his deputy..

by

Books of account in the pavmaster's office shall be

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 81. [1782;

tjr; or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with intention to defraud any person whatsoever; every such person 2nd persons so offending (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X And be it enacted, That all books of accounts whatsoever, kept in the office of paymaster general, shall be held to belong

vim wwi oc to lkc CC and not be* disposal of the pay bddtobeiortg master general to take and dispose of the same as his private and id tbs same, proper books of account: provided that nothing herein shall extend to prevent any person or persons who hath or have exercised the office of paymaster general, or his or their executors or administrators, by himself or themselves, or by any person or persons authorised by him or them, from taking copies or extracts thereof, until an acquittance in the exchequer shall be made out for every several paymaster, his heirs, executors, and administrators.

XI And whereas it appears from the reports of the commissioners far examining, taking, and Jiating the public accounts of tbi kingdom, that the salaries, sees, and emoluments, received by several of the officers and clerks employed in the office of paymaster general of his Atajejhfs foroes, have, of late years, amounted to sums beyond a rea finable and adequate compensation for their respective services; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of oils ber, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, all fees, hitherto payable at the office of the said paymaster general, shall be deposited in the hands' of the cahier of the said office, or others authorised by the paymaster general, in order to form a fund, from which a reasonable augmentation to the salaries and appointments of the several officers and clerks shall be made, if it shall be found expedient 5 as also such further compensation as the increase of business in the office, from time to time, shall requirej and the remainder shall be paid to the treasurer or vice treafuer of Chelsea Hospital, towards a fund for an augmentation to the half-pay of officers who have been or shall be maimed or grievously wounded in his majesty's land service; or as an augmentation to the pensions of widows; or as pensions to the children of such officers as have been killed in the said land service, as his Majesty shall dire and appoint.

XII And be it enacted, That the said augmentation to the salaries and appointments of officers and clerks in the pay office shall (but not more frequently than once in each year) be regulated by the said paymaster general, by and with the concurrence of the commissioners of the treasury, and his majesty's approbation obtained thereon, and not otherwise.

XIII And whereas a confederate annual sum of money is or may he saved from the allowance for clothing of certain invalid and init pendent companies, a large part of which saving is or may bo rendered

All lees pay Meat the

aymaster's office to be carried to a land.

Application of that fund.

Augmentation of fata ries not to be more than once a year.

Savings in the

ckahuig of ia pw'm&tt'tt i

be it hereby enabled, ©

That all Aims laved from the scud

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C Bu4*

bid allowance, or brought in account in consequence of any cop

sayings to be made in the administration of the said hospital, applied!

shall be applied to the fund abovctnentioned; provided that no" "

to half-pay in consequence of maims or wounds, or

pen6ons to widows whose husbands have or shall have been

killed in his majesty's service, shall exceed twenty-five pounds

a year; nor shaft the allowance to a (ingle child of an officer

lulled exceed twenty pounds a year, nor be continued longer

(if a male) than to twenty-five years of age, or until he be

provided for in his majesty's service; or if more children are

left, the share of each child shall not exceed twelve pounds

a year, to be continued to the males as aforesaid, and no

otherwise.

XIV Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this a d contained shall be construed to de

to deprive the paymaster general of the usual allowance for the

clerks and contingencies, or such as his Majesty shall hereafter ufuti au0w be pleased, from time to time, to direct and appoint, and to ance for administer and apply the same according to the usual course of clerks, Sec. office.

XV And it is hereby enacted, That copies of the amount of Copies of such the said allowance be deposited in the bank of England, the pay allowance to office, and the treasury, together with a list of all the officers,

clerks, and servants, to the office of the said paymaster general^an*belonging.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the first day of January, one thousand Officers tak seven hundred and eighty-three, no fee, perquisite, Emolument, fs or reward whatsoever (other than and except the salaries and their allowances herein before mentioned) shall be taken, in the said office, for any business, matter, or thing to be done therein; and that if any person belonging, or who shall hereafter belong, to the said office, shall, on any pretence whatsoever, presume to take or accept any fee, perquisite, emolument, or reward,

(other than and except as aforesaid) every such person shall forfeit his office or employment.

XVII Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall Not to take extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, diminish, or tw*y th alter the power of the paymaster general of his majesty's forces ^yrartiftcrof to appoint, remove, or change at his pleasure, all or any of the removing of officers and clerks employed in his said office, or with the con ficert employ lent and approbation of the commissioners of the treasury, or din is of any three of them, signified in writing, to increase the number fief

of such clerks, in case the drcumstances of the business of the said office (hold render such an increase necessary; which said additional officers and clerks shall, upon their respective appointments, become entitled to the like salaries as are herein be fbre dtreded to be paid to the officers and clerks in a similar rank and station in the said office, and shall be subject to all the rules, regulations, provisions, pains, and penalties, to which

the

jitized by vc Me

14*

After Jan. r, 1783, the secretary at war to return into the pay matter office, monthly, an account off the eftt&ive officers and men, regulars and militia, serving in Great Britain.

From January J V debentures to be made out for pay of the forces according to the number born on the muster rolls.

Agents to bring to the paymaster's office an account of the mutters, See,

on forfeiture of iqol

Anno vicesimo secundo gtorgii III C 8t. [iffa

the officers and clerics now exiting in the said office are fnadt liable by this act.

XVIII And, for the better prevention of the ifshing from the exchequer of any more moneys than the services of the army do afluavy require, be it enacted, That, from and after the first day of ja nuary, one {jhoufand seven hundred and eighty-three, the secretary at war Inall, on or before the fifteenth day of every month, return into the office of the paymaster general of his majesty*s land fbrces an account of the effective commissioned and non commissioned officers and private men of his majesty's regular forces and militia serving in Great Britain, according to the hft returns from the adjutant general into the office of the said secretary at war, distinguishing each corps several ly; and the said secretary at war Shall, and he is hereby directed and required, to form, or cause to be formed monthly, an estimate of the moneys which may be necessary for the recruiting of the ftid regiments, troops, and companies several ly, and to transmit the same, together with the said account of effective officers and private, to thfc offices of the secretary at war, and of the paymaster general of the land forces.

XIX And whereas it hat been the usual praflice^ for many years last pajf, for his Majesty's warrants to be sent to the paymaster gent ral ofbis foroes, directing hint to make out debentures complete for the full pay of the several regiments, troops, and companies, according to their respective ejlablijhments, injlead of the former method offending warrants to him to make out debentures for the pay of the several.regiments, troops, and companies, according to the numbers born on their respective mujler rolls, which latter method appears to be better suited to exafl account, and to the prevention oj increase of balances anywhere; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred' and eighty-three, debentures Shall be made out for the pay of the several regiments, troops, and companies, according to the numbers born on their muster rolls, and not otherwise.

XX And be it enacted, That the army or regimental agents

shall, and they are hereby required to bring to the office of the said paymaster general, within ten days after every muster, an account of the muster of their regiments several ly, and of the money actually paid for subsistence and for recruiting, d.ftin guishing each service, together with an account of the balances remaining in their hands several ly at the time of each muster' '

And be it enacted, That for every failure in any of the before mentioned particulars, the said army agent or agents shall forfeit one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any per sort or persons who Shall sue for the same.

CAP

17*2.] Anno vicesimo feeundo Georgii III C 82.

14 i

CAP. LXXXII

fa aq for enabling his Majesty to discharge the debt contracted upon his civil list revenues; and for preventing the same from being in arrtar for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the said revenues, and by suppressing or regulating Or tain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the' civil list.

WHEREAS his Majesty, from his paternal regard to the Preamble.

welfare of his faithful people, from his desire to discharge the debt on his civil list, without any new burden to the publicity for preventing the growth of a like debt for the future, as well as for introducing a better order and economy in thf civil list establishments end for the better ftcurity of the liberty and independency of parlia ment9 has been pleased to order that the office commonly called or hewn by the name of Third Secretary of State, or Secretary of State for the Colonies; the office or establishment commonly known bp the name and description of The Board of Trade and Plantations; the offices of lords of police in Scotland; the principal officers if the board of works; the principal officers of the great wardrobe; the principal officers of the jewel office; the treasurer of the chamber; tk cofferer of the houjhold\ the offices of the six clerks of the board of green doth; the office of paymaster of the penftons 5 the office of master of the barriers and fox hounds; and also the office of master of the flog bounds Should be suppressed; wherefore, for carrying his ma ieftyv said gracious order into execution, may it please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, From thepajt from and after the passing of this act, the office commonly call"5 of this ed or known by the name of Third Secretary of State or Secre office, herein tory of State for the Colonies; the office or establishment com fpetified, shall raonly called The Board of Trade and Plantations; the offices of be lupprtfled. the lords and gentlemen of police in Scotland; the principal officers of the board of works; the principal officers of the great wardrobe; the principal officers of the jewel office; the trea* hirer of the chamber; the cofferer of the household; offices' of the six clerks of the board of green cloth; the office of pay tnafter of the pensions; the offices of the master of the harriers, the mailer of the fox hounds, and the master of the flag hounds; and all and every of the offices aforesaid, together with certain of the offices dependent on or connected with the same, of which a list shall be entered in the exchequer, by certificate from the lords commissioners of the treasury, on or before the tenth day of October9 one thousand seven hundred and eighty twos (which lift the said lords commissioners are hereby diretfted 1 to cause to be entered as aforesaid), (halbe, and are hereby:

Wtrly iuppreffed* aboiished, and taken away.

II And

*44

Any firoilar office hereafter establish CD shall be deemed a new office.

Commi (Turners of the treasury to pay all money due on the civil list on or before July SO) 17s*.

dhtftiom for carrying into execution an (economical plan, pursuant to his Majesty's gracious intentions.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 82. [1782.

II And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That if any office of the same name, nature, description, or purpose, of those hereby abolished, shall bcefta blilhed hereafter, the same is and shall be deemed and taken as a new office, to all conftrudtions, intents, and purposes whatsoever.

III And) for the necessary payment of persons hitherto paid in any of the offices by this act Juppreffed % and the execution of the duty done or performed by the Jame\ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of his majesty's treasury shall be, and they are hereby authorised and required to i(tue and pay, or cause to be issued and paid, all such sum or sums of money as are or shall be due and owing to any person or persons, on account of his majesty's civil government, on or before the twentieth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, in the same manner, and by the persons who have last held the offices by or under which the same have been usually issued and paid, or by such persons as the commissioners of the treasury shall appoint and direct to pay the same.

IV And whereas anew and (economical plan is intended to it adopted and take placey pursuant to his Majesljs gracious intentions, be it therefore enacted. That the commissioners of the treafuty shall be, and they are hereby authorised and required to direct such person or persons as they shall think mod fit and capable, to prepare, make up, and lay before them, for their approbation, methods accommodated to the several reforms and alterations in this act made, and to appoint or continue in office such officers as they shall judge mod fit and proper for carrying such plans into execution, under the direction of the lora steward, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, and any other principal officer, to whom the said officers shall several ly be subordinate; and the said lord steward, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, and such other principal officer, shall regularly, within the space of fifteen days after each and every quarter day, make out, or cause to be made out, an estimate of all the several articles of expense of his majesty's civil government, within their diftirtft departments; which shall, after being inspedled, and approved by the said lord steward, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, and such other principal officer, be presented to the said commissioners of the treasury; and which estimate of expense shall not be exceeded (except as is herein after excepted and specially provided for) above five thousand pounds, in any of those departments in any one year, without sufficient reasons, to be produced to the said commissioners of the treasury, for increas mg the same; and upon the expiration of the quarter, the said commissioners of the treasury shall direct so much of the moneys of the civil list revenues to be issued at the receipt of the exchequer to the said lord steward, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, or such other principal officer, or to any person or persons appointed for that purpose by the said lord steward, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, or such other principal officer,

*43

*782.] Afind yfccsimo fecuhdo Georgi* III &.

ter, with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of the treasury, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the whold of the expense incurred in such quarter, which shall be by hint dillributed to atid among the several persons who shall be inti tied to receive the same.

V And be it enacted and declared. That the abolitiofi of thp The court of office of the clerks of the green cloth shall not extend, or be virlc» construed to extend, to take away, or in any respect to dero f^fdiaion gate from the jurisdiction which may now be lawfully exercisecl and powers by the court commonly called The Court of Virge^ or The Green prefcrvcd. Cloth, but that the same may be held and exercised; It is

hereby enacted, That the same shall be held and exercised, with all the accustomed lawful jurisdiction, powers, and privileges belonging to the same, without any of the clerks of the green cloth, whqfe office is by this act taken away; any statute, law, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding

And be It enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all His majestyv his majesty's buildings which have been hitherto under the ma Gildings to riagement of the board of works, shall be under the direction

of same one person, who shall be conftitured and appointed by a furvevqr or his Majesty, during his royal pleasure, surveyor or comptroller corpptrolur of his majesty's works, (the said surveyor or comptroller being to be appoint hnafie by profession ah architect or builder), with such officer and clerks under him as his Majesty shall from time to timp direst and appoint.

VII And be it enabled, That all the royal gardens shall be The royal

under the direction of a person who shall be appointed by hi gardens to be Majesty, during his majesty's pleasure, surveyor or comptroller a

of the king's gardens, with such gardeners and others under surveyor or him, as his Majesty shall authorise and appoint, (the said fur comptroller, vc or of gardens, in like manner, being by proteflion agar to be appoint dener, or improver of grounds): and the said surveyors f comptrollers of his majesty's works or gardens, or either of

them, during the holding of the said offices, shall be, and they arc hereby declared to be, incapable of being elected into, or of sitting and voting in parliament.

VIII And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Direction

the following rule and method shall hereafter be observed, with of

regard to all works which might heretofoie have been done by ncw building the board of works, for his majesty's service; (that is to fayj, or repairs that if his Majesty shall order any new building, work, or repair, the expense of which shall exceed the sum of one thoufanjl

pounds, the plan (if in such works a plan shall be usual) and an caimate of the expense of the same, shall be laid beforp the lord chamberlain; and if the said estimate shall appear reasonable, reference being had to the works ordered as aforesaid by his Majesty, the same shall be by nim certified to vhe commissioners of the treasury; and if the said com mi (boners approve of the said estimate, they may and shall (if his Majesty, by warrant under his Majesty's royal sign manual, shall so direct) authorise the said surveyor or architect to execute the same; vol.xxxiv. L and

14* Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 82. [1782^

and if the estimate of the said work shall be likely to exceed the sum of five thousand pounds in the whole, the said commission ers of the treasury may and shall direct the said surveyor to contract for the execution of the said work; and, so often as it shall appear expedient to the said surveyor or comptroller of s buildings, or that he shall receive orders from the lord chamberlain

for that purpose, he may and shall report upon and con troul the execution of the said work in all its parts, and at all times during the progress thereof: provided always. That it shall not be lawful for the said surveyor, architect, or builder, to make any contract as aforesaid conclusively, until the same shall be approved by the commissioners of the treasury, nor to make any addition to the .expense exceeding one thousand pounds above the plan or edimate, until the same shall be approved by the said commissioners of the treasury.

IX And be it enacted, That if, on complaint made to the commissioners of the treasury, or if otherwise they shall see cause, it shall and may be lawful, before any payment upon fw^ny^dich1 account any works as aforesaid be made, for the commission worksf may ers of the treasury to order the said work to be surveyed by 1 order the same builder of credit not concerned in any of the public works; to be survey who shall be called in, and allowed one pound per day for his trouble, and shall certify to the said commissioners of the treasury, upon oath, (which oath the said commissioners are hereby authorised and required to administer), that the work hath been executed, as far as the same hath proceeded, in a workmanlike and durable manner, and with good and durable materials: and in case the said commissioners of the treasury shall not be satisfied with the expense or goodness of the works, they shall, and are hereby authorised to make such delay or abatement as, on such their inquiry, shall appear just and expedient; anything in this act contained, or any law or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Where ex X And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in

cbmmifiioa ers of the treasury, bead,

pences (lull be ph works, the expense whereof shall be under one thousand pound, the said surveyor shall, previous to his receiving any payment, produce vouchers of his expenses actually made, together with the grounds and reasons for his having incurred the said expenses, to the said lord chamberlain, who (if he shall approve the same) shall certify the whole of the charge to the treasury from time to time for payment.

XI And be it enabled, That the said lord chamberlain shall. keep an account of all clerks and workmen constantly or ordi

plid^monsily! nar*ty employed in the royal palaces, and shall, once in every*y month, certify to the treasury their numbers and wages, in order

that a monthly payment may be made to them.

XII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no new works in his majesty's parks or gardens, the expense of which may exceed in the whole five hundred pounds above the ordinary charge, (an account of which ordinary charge is hereby directed to be laid quarterly before the commissioners of the

treasury)i

under t.oool vouchers to be produced to the lord chamberlain.

Clerks, See. in the royal

No new works in his majesty's parks, Sec. above a limited sum, to be urder

1782.] Anno vlcefinio ftclindo gfion&ri lit fc. 8i.

treafory), shall be undertaken or performed without an order taken without

under his majesty's sign manual, and without an eftrmate ap <i^aicftr0m

proved and ordered to be executed by the said commissioners' of m y

the treasury, who shall issue, or cause to be issued, the money

for the execution of the same, as well as for the said ordinary

charge; which is hereby directed to be paid onde a month to

the surveyor of his majesty's gardens.

XIII And be it hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, Puraityre, That the furniture, pictures, plate, and all other rhoveable* plate, C to whatsoever, formerly under the care and management of the^"fement office of great wardrobe, or other wardrobe or jewel office, or Of the lord any of them, shall be hereafter committed to the care and ma charfifcrlainj naeement of the lord chamberlain.

XIV And it is hereby enacted and provided, That when Work forever his Majesty shall be pleased to order, for the use of any of mcrlx u"<!cr his majesty'a palaces, or for any other house, any of such fur ^cr^r^la° niture or goods as were formerly under the direction of the wardrobe, office of great wardrobe, or any such other work to be done as > how to be ex forroerly was done by or under the direction of the said ward ecuted.

robe, the same shall be done and executed (sofar as regards the previous estimate and subsequent control and account) in the. manner by this act directed for works undertaken by the fur teyor of the buildings.

XV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the The business duty and business done, or which might legally be done, by the heretofore late commissioners of trade and plantations, and all authorities, ^C powers, and jurisdictions, given to the said commissioners, by trade, to be any act or acts of parliament, may and shall be held and exer executed by a cifed under the former directions and trusts by any committee committee of or committees of his majesty's privy council, which his Majesty

shall be pleased to direct and appoint, during his royal pleasure, without any salary, see, or penflon, to the members thereof, for holding and exercising the same.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Public mo.

That all (urns of public money, that now are in the disposition ner und*r or under the management of the lords of trade and police in ^" fcglord» northwest, be, and the same are hereby directed to be under the of trade and management and in the disposal of the convention of royal police in scot burghs in Scotland, with the same powers, and under the same lan^» to be limitations and trusts, by which the same now are or may be management disposed and managed. of the con

XVII And) for the better regulation of the granting of penfiom, vention

onitbe prevention of abuje or excefi therein, be it enacted, Thar, royal burghs, from and after the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hun Regulations dred and eighty-three, no pension exceeding the sum of three relative to buodred pounds a year, shall be granted to or for the use of °*

anyone person; and that the whole amount of the pendant pfn n*granted in any one year, shall not exceed six hundred pounds;

a list of which, together with the names of the persons to whom the dune are granted, shall be laid before parliament in twenty bp after tbchdgioaidgof each session, until the whole pension

La list

I Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 82. [1782.

list shall be reduced to ninety thousand pounds; which sum it shall not be lawful to exceed by more than five thousand pounds in the whole of all the grants: nor shall any pension, to be granted after the said reduction, to or for the use of any one person, exceed the sum of one thousand two hundred pounds yearly, except to his majesty's royal family, or on an addressed of either house of parliament.

XVIII And whereas it bath been usual that persons who havefervti the crown in foreign courts have, after the expiration of their ftrvicty at his Majesty's fleafiere, received such proportion of their former appointments as to his Majesty bate feemei expedient; be it enacted, Nat to extend That nothing in this act contained relative to pensions, shall be toperson»who construed to extend to such allowance, either in present or in the crown future; provided the said persons do not several ly enjoy same

in foreign place or other profit from the crown, to the amount of the pest

coiirtt. fion usually allowed in such cases; provided that the list of tyre said pensions (hau be laid, in the manner before mentioned, before parliament.

XIX And whereas much confufim and expense did arise firm having pensions paid at various places y and by various persons; and a custom hath prevailed of granting pensions on a private liftduring his majesty*s pleasure, upon a supposition that in some cases it may not it expedient for the public good to divulge the names of the perfims in the find hft % or that it may be disagreeable to the persons recdvini fitch payments to have it known that their difirejjes are so relieyed, or for Javing the expense of fees and taxes on f mall pensions; by mem of which said usage. secret and dangerous corruption may hereafter bt praflized: and whereas it is no disparagement for any persons to bt relieved by the royal bounty in their dijlrefs, or for their desert, sot, on the contrary, it is honourable, on just cause, to be thought worthy of reward: be it therefore cruded by the authority aforesaid. All pensions That no pension whatsoever, on the civil establishment, shall Kft tetbe^id ^erea^ter pad ut at the exchequer, and in the same manner at the exche as l^°^c pensions which are now paid and entered at the exchequer. quer, under the head, title, and description of Pensions, and

with the name of the person to whom, or in trust for whom, the said pension is granted; and that those which are transferred thither by this act shall be subject to no taxes or fees whatsoever, except the taxes and sees to which before this act they were subject; any statute, law, ar usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: nor shall any pension hereafter to be granted be charged at the exchequer with further or other fees than were heretofore paid on pensions to the paymaster of the pensions. Pfovifar XX Provided, That nothing herein contained shall restrain,

or be construed to restrain, the high treasurer, or first commissioner of the treasury, for the time being, by his majesty's consent, from taking away, or causing to be taken away, from the private list or lists of pensions, the names and pensions of any person or persons which at present are entered on the said pri ttsfi. tr- vate list or lists, or any of them.

ftirer, &c.msy XXI Provided alib. That it shall and may be tawfel for the

f

return into the exchequer any pension, without the name of the pensioner, on taking the following oath

1782.] Anno vicesimo ftcundo Georgii III C 82.

high tfeafarer, or first comnaifboner of the trcafiiry for the time biting, to return into the exchequer wy pension or annuity, without the name of the person to whom the same is payable, on takipg an oath before the barons of the exchequer, or one baron of the exchequer, or before the cursitor baron, in the form following:

I A. B. do swear, Thaty according to the best of my knowledge, be lies and information, the pension or penfionr, or annuity or an wt 'w returnod without a name by me into the exchequer, is or an sat, direcily or indirectly, for the benefit, vfe, or behoof of any member of the house of commons, nr, so far as 1 am concerned, applicable, iireflly or indirectly, to the purpose of supporting or procuring an in terejl in any plan rotuming members to parliament.

So help mo GOD.

XXII And it is hereby enacted, That on taking the said which pen oath, the pension or pensions, annuity or annuities afoedaid, lion, Ike. 4m shall be paid at the exchequer to the order of the high treasurer, to hit

or first commissioner of the treasury, for the time being, and or er bit receipt shall be accepted and taken as an acquittance for the same.

XXIII Provided further, and be it enacted, That if any Oath to be such secret pension shall continue in the said list for more than take "wb*tt five years, the high treasurer, or first commissioner of the trea ^nsion'fhatl fury, or one of the secretaries, or one of the chief clerks of the continue in treasury, for the time being, shall make oath, before such pen the list mere fion shall be paid at the exchequer, that he does believe that the tbatt vc person for whose ufc the said pension or annuity hath been ycan' granted is living.

XXIV Andy for preventing as much as may be all abuses in the iijpofal of moneys issued under the head of secret service money, or mo nej for fpedal service 5 be it enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That it shall not be lawful to iffuc or impressed from the cxche Payment of qoer, or order to be paid by a treasury warrant, or under sign secret service qsanual, or otherwise, to any secretary or secretaries of the trea fary, or to any other person or persons whatsoever, from the 11 '

civil Jift revenues, for the purpose of secret service within this kingdom, any sum or sums of money which in the whole shall exceed the sum of ten thousand pounds in any one year.

XXV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That cianfe relative when it shall be deemed expedient by the commilboners of his to foreign mqe&y's treasury, or the high treafuter, for the time being, to feeret service issue, or in aay manner to direct the payment of any sum or mon, y' foot of money from the civil list revenues, for foreign secret service, the Came (hsh be issued and paid to one of his majesty's principal fectetaries of state, or to the first commissioner of the admiralty; and the said secretary or secretaries of state, or first com<daner of the admiralty, shall, for his discharge at the exchequer, within three years from the issuing the said money, r

3 < Produc«

f Anno vicesimo lecundo Georgii III C 82. [1789.

produce the receipt of his majesty'g tninifter, commissioner, or consul, in foreign parts, or of any commander in chief or other commander of his majesty s navy or land foroes, to whom the said money shall have been sent or given, that the same hath been received for the purpose for which the same Irtth been issued; which said receipt shall, and is hereby directed to be filed in the exchequer, in order to charge the said tninifter, commissioner, consul, or commander of his majesty's land or sea foroes, with the same; and the said receipt, on proof of the hand writing, shall be sufficient to acquit and discharge the said secretary or secretaries, or first commissioner of the admiralty, in their said account at the exchequer.

Foreign mini XXVI And be it enabled, That any foreign tninifter, confers, C to full, or commander of his majesty's land or sea foroes, who (hast account for charged at the exchequer for or by reason of any secret

wuhin adyear fcrv>cc money by him received, shall stand discharged and scatter their quitted thereof, if, within one year after his arrival in Great arrival in Britain, he shall either return the said money into the cache create Britain, quer or make oath before the barons of the exchequer, or one of them, in the form following;

I A. B. da wear, That I have disburstd the money, intmftei /# me for foreign secret service, faithfully, according to the intent and purpose1 for whub it was given, according to my befi judgement far bit majesty's service.

So help m GOD.

3CXVII. Provided always, That whenever it shall be necessary for the principal secretary or secretaries of state, or first men't'of any" cammifl^oi^r of the admiralty, to make payment of any money secret service ilfucd for foreign secret service, or for secret service in detecting, money, shall preventing, pr defeating, treasonable or other dangerous con c n as piracies a gain ft jthfc state in any place within this kingdom, then

fel Veieofi n b.c.. ^uc*cnt 10 ad discharge the said secretary or'-*secretaries, or first commissioner of the admiralty, for fcch Secretary

or secretaries, or the undersecretary of state in the office to which such secret service money hath been paid, or for the first commissioner of the admiralty, or the secretary of the admiralty, to make oath, before the barons of the exchequer, or one of them, or before the curfltor baron, in the form following:

The oath. T A. B. do [wear, That the money paid to mo for foreign secret fee X vice, or for secret service in detecting, preventing, or defectsqf, treasonable, or other dangerous conspiracies against the state, mu tatis mutandis, as the case may be], has been bona side opplied to the said purpose or purposes, and to ho other $ and that it both not appeared to me convenient to the ftqte that the same shouldie pojti abroad.

So help me GOD.

^XVIIL

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III c.ffa. 451

XXVIII And, to avoid all confusion in accounts nlativo to the No dated Cum jeidfecret service, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That !°**

the certain dated sums of money now paid to his majesty's prin faikcm** cipal secreta ries of date, under the name of secret service money, nejr. but which are commonly reputed and employed as part of the Salary of the said office, be no longer entered or paid under that description or for that account; but the same, for so long as his Majesty shall please to continue the whole or any part thereof

shall be given under the name of salary, see, or allowance: and that hereafter no certain or dated sum be given or allowed for the said secret service out of his majesty's civil lid revenues but, when any moneys for secret service shall be deemed necessary by the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, the same shall be issued, by their direction, to the officer or officers aforesaid, as the occauon shall require, according as is herein before directed and provided.

XXIX And be it enacted. That whenever any sum or sums Sum of money shall be issued for the purpose of any special service,

or shall be given without provision of annual or other dated to be entered

payment, but in a gross sum or sums, as to any Secretary or fein a.book*

cretarics of the treasury, or others, to be paid over to or for the

use of any person or persons for special service, or as of royal

bounty, the said sum or sums of money, together with the special

service or Services, or as royal bounty, to which the same

is or are applied, as also the name of the person or persons to

whom the said money for service or of bounty as aforesaid it

paid, shall be entered in a book to be kept for that purpose in

the treasury, in order to be produced to either house of parlia*

mem, if required.

XXX Andy for the better prevention of all practice by which such Irents os of bounty may be made a colour under which pensions may be substantiafly granted, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this

oqy it is hereby enacted. That any sum or sums of money so Grants of given as of royal bounty, to any person more than once in three toba^* years, the lame is and shall be reputed a pennon or pensions to m^cd pea, all intents and purposes whatsoever. sans,

XXXI And whereas the tstablishment of an invariable order in the payment of salaries and other charges on the civil list, will enable tbgji who have the charge thereof the better to provide for the several services to which the said civil list revenues ought to be applied, and will be the means to prevent the incurring of debt for the future, and the following order seems just and equitable for that purpose; that is U say, first, the pensions and allowances of th royal family; second h, the payment of the salaries of the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, lord beeper or lords commissioners of the great foal, the speaker of the house of commons, and judges of tbo courts of King's bench ana common pleas, and barons of the exchequer, the chief juflica ^chester, and the justices of tbo courts of great session in the principality Wales; thirdly, the salaries of the ministers to foreign courts, being rejident at the said courts; fourthly, the approved bills tf oil tradefmon, artificers, and labourers, for any articles supplied,

l4 or

m

The payments of the civil list revenues to be divided into regular clajlcs.

Ko pension, C to be paid put of course.

ti.

f arrear! fb)r wo year to le extjnguipi

Feet ptyibje to be disposed of by the pommissionera of the treaty

Anno yicefjmo fecttndo Georgii III o. Si. f 178*.

jr xviri done yfor his Mcjefifs service;The mtkial fervent in his Majesty's housekold« fixtb1y9 The pension fifty beginning with the smallest ptnsuns; event hly9 The falflries of all aether plates pay foie out of the civil list revenues, beginning with the leweji j'eighthly\ The diaries and pensons of the high trea/urer or (ommijjiomrs of the treasury, and chancellor of the exchequer I be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of the treasury shall, on or beforp the fifth day of April one thou find fevfcft hundred and eighty-three, draw out a plan of the'establishments and payments of the said civil list revenues in classes, according jo the order herein mentioned, arranging by estimate the expenct cf each class, and of each individual office in each dass; and that such plan shall be (igned by the said commilfioriers^ and deposed with the clerk of the house of commons on or before the said fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred send "eighty-three; and that, from and after the said fifth day of April, all sums of money which shall become due and payable put of the said civil list revenues, for any of the pyrpofes aforesaid, shall be p?id in the order apd according to the plan herein mentioned.

XXXII And it is hereby enabled, That it shall not be lawful for the commissioners of the treasury to direct the paymeot, of any salary or pension whatsoever, to be made under fjgn manual or otherwise, until the bills, salaries, and pensions of au those who are intituled, according to the foregoing prder, are first discharged, or cash set apart in the exchequer sufficient 10 answer the whole demand in the preceding classes: provided, that pothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the commissioners of the treasury from ordering all pccafional payments, for which warrants ate yfoally granted at (the treasury, and which are not comprehended in the defies and descriptions aforesaid, to be made according to their discretion and as the circumftapces of the cafp may ip elycir judgement require.

w XXXIII And be .it enabled by the authority aforesaid) That, from and after the. fifth day of Aprils one thousand fevcq hundred and eighty-three, if any salary, see, or pension, or 4py part thereof, shall remain in arrear at theusual time of payment, at the end of a period of two years, from want of calli belonging to the civil Ijft revenue ro pay and discharge the same, the said arrear of salary, see, or pension, shall not be carried as 0 debt to the account of the year following, but shall be wholly Japfed and extinguiftipd, as if the same had not been payable And whbftas it is intended that'all savings from/ale sits find fees of the offices by this 08 fuppreffedy jbauld be applied rtf fid of the civil l\fl exptnces9 which are neccessary, and which, by ibe appropriation hereafter tnpde, art in fbme nwfitre finritfnedy be it exacted, That a!) see hitherto payable, and by this not excepted, on any payments within the cifd list revenue) do dill Continue to be paid, and remain for that dtjjpofel of the eopuntf? jflphqr# of the treafpry.

ijfi.] Anno vicesimo fecuikto Gbojlqu IU. e. i jj

XXXV And be it erta&td, That the commifikmsrs of though Book to be treasury shall cause a regular book or books to be kept, for the Vpt for** charges of each of the dafies and articles aforesaid, diftifcdtly esch^afie and apart; and it is hereby directed, that the result of payment in the said several books contained shall, in an orderly manner, and according to the usual method in which fair accounts are Upt» be entered in a separate book at the cod of each yeer, and the same being opposed to the receipt of the civil list cadi, a balance shall be struck upon the whole.

XXXVI And whereas, upon aboli/hing tbi ftvcral offices fnp* prtfiei by this act, fitndry ptrftns, who may have held their offices by patent jor kfe, or may hove legally, or according to the courje bf of ftt, pmrchafed the same for a valuable cenfideratisn, and may Juffer bordship by the suppression thereof: and whereas others, though not within the same defer ipt ion, who have diligently and faithfully extent tilbeir several Jubotdinate office for hit Majesty's service, and by jack suppression will be reduced to dtfirefsful or indigent cirtwnflances % be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners Provision to of the treasury may, and they are hereby knpowered, to allow be made for to every person several ly who holds his office by patent for life j£rl patent"*or who has purchased his place in the manner before mention n\fmr C ed, an annuity equal to the legal emoluments of his said office; and also to allow to other persons in the subordinate offices aforesaid, upon examination into the circutnstances and behaviour of the said persons, such annuities fevtrally as the com imibooers of the treasury shall think equitable and just, for thd support and maintenance of such person or persons, until he or. they shall be provided for in his Majesty** service, according to his or their abilities and merit.

XXXVII And be it further enacted by the authority afore

kid, That whatever is directed by this act to be done or trans Powers grant.

add by the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, may be, by this a

and' the same is hereby required and directed to be done and

transacted by the high treasurer for the time being, or by ftach tj, e treasury,

commissioners of the treasury for the time being, or any three shall be veiled

or more of them; and all powers and authorities whatsoever, in the high

by this act granted to the commissioners of his majesty's tret

fury, are hereby also declared to be veiled in the high treasurer ingt lmc

for the time being, and in such commissioners of the treasury

for the time being, or any three or more of them.

XXXVIII And whereas there was due and owing on the fifth Recital of the lay of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, at the re civil lilt debt nipped of the exchequer, for the expenoeef his Majlfifs civil govern on apnl 5» mt, the film of two hundred ninety five thousand eight hundred and17 fiuntten pounds, eighteen Billings, and fourpence farthing: uni

totems it is expedient, and may facilitate the introduction of 4 pro per economy in the future management of the dvh Hfi revenues, that the said sum of two hundred ninety five thousand eeght hundred ami [tomtom pounds, eighteen billings, and fourpence far thing, fhouki be paid and dsfehqrged with ail possible peed, ohd thdt tboincmafe of

prevented for the future;

Exchequer bills to be made out for payment thereof.

154 Anno vicesimo feeundo georgii III C 82. [1782.

future: and whereas it bath been refohedy That a sum net exceeding three hundred thousand pounds be raised forhaying off and discharging the debts due and owing upon the civil list on the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two: now, to the end that no want or failure 'may happen or be made in such grant, and the application of the same, and for the better supplying the said Aim of three hundred thousand pounds in the most effectual manner for the purposes aforesaid; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and fdr the com mi (Goners of the treasury, by their warrant or warrants, to direct or cause to be prepared and made at the exchequer any number of exchequer bills, in the same manner, form, or order, and according to the same or like rules or directions, as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty two)t are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made out in pursuance of the said act, and to be made forth for such sum or sums of money as they shall think most proper and convenient, so as all the principal moneys to be contained in the said bills, to be made by virtue of this act, do not exceed in the whole the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds.

XXXIX And be it further enacted by the authority afore act th pro said. That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privi ht^cto^cx 6* ksp5* vantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, con ebequer bills Gained in the said act, (entitled, An act for granting an aid to hit in the land # Mytfty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, or the ftruict ntxaft of this of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two), relating to** in the exchequer bills authorised to be made by the same aft, (except such clauses as do charge the same on the taxes granted by the same aft, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all. intents and purposes, as if the said exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and rerenacted in the body of this present act; and the^commissioners of the treasury are hereby authorised and ira' powered to cause the said exchequer bills, to be made out as aforesaid, to be placed as so much cabin the chests of the respective tellers of the receipt of the exchequer, and to direst the said tellers to issue money for the purposes of this act in lieu thereof.

The said bills'XL Acid be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all to be charged the exchequer bills which shall be made in pursuance of this act, on the rare and all the charges and expenses incident to or attending the gate fund. lame, in any manner whatsoever, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the hereditary and temporary revenues wd any other the duties and revenues which do or (lull

compose

Jeffipn* extended to those made in pursuance of this act.

*55

1782.i Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83.

compose the fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, or any of them, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such luoi and sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same, except the payments directed thereout by the acts of the first and (even teenrh years of his present majesty's reign), but with preference to all other payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said fund.

XLI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That there sa, cool. to be Stall be regularly set apart and applied, at the receipt of the ex applied, qoar chequer, out of the said duties and revenues composing the said fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, the sum of twelve fund, towards thousand five hundred pounds on each and every quarterly day payingoffths of payment in the year; (that is to say). The sum of twelve laid bill thousand five hundred pounds on the tenth day of October j twelve thousand five hundred pounds on the fifth day of Jams try, twelve thousand five hundred pounds on the fifth day of April; and twelve thousand five hundred pounds on the fifth day of July; (the first quarterly payment to be applied and made on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging the said exchequer bills, until the whole sum of three hundred thousand pounds, to be raised in manner aforesaid, with the charges attending the same, shall be completely paid off, cancelled, and discharged: and the said sum of twelve thousand five hundred pounds, foto be set apart, issued, and paid each quarter for the purposes aforesaid, mall be deemed, taken, and understood to be in diminution of the respective annuities of eight hundred thousand pounds, and of one hundred thousand pounds, granted to his Majesty out of the said duties and revenues, by the said acts of the first and Seventeenth years of his present Majesty! reign, for the Support of his majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great bri toiu; but in case of the demise of his Majesty (whom God long preserve 1) before the whole of the said exchequer bills, amounting to three hundred thousand pounds, be cancelled and discharged, then Such of the said bills as shall remain uncancelled shall, from the quarter day next preceding such demise, be charged and chargeable upon, and be paid and payable out oft the hereditary revenues of the crown.

CAP. LXXXIII

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor.

WHEREAS notwithstanding the many laws now in being for the Preamble,

relief and emloyment of the poor, and the great sums of money wfii for theft purposes, their fufftrings and dijlreffes are neverthehft very grievous; and, by the incapacity, negligence, or mifeondutt of oyer

Iters, the money raised for the relief of the poor is frequently mfap^ find, and sometimes expended in defraying the (barges of

i Anno ricesimo secunda Georgii III C 83* [1782,

about Jet figments indifcrtetly and unadvisedly carried on: and whereas Recital of by a clause in an act puffed in the ninth year of the reign of King9Geo. 1. C 7. George the First* entitled Att act for the amendment of the Jaws relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the poor, power is given to the churchwardens and overseers in the man tier therein mentioned to purchase or hire houses and contrast with any person for the lodging keeping maintaining and employing the poor and taking the benefit of their work labour and jcrvice* for their, >. maintenance $ W, where anyparish, tow, r toumship* w ward:

-: tffl/7/ uv more for those purposes tw7/b consent of

the major part of the parishioners or inhabitants approbation

I of a justice of peace; provisions* from the want of proper regu

j and management in the poor houses or workhouses that have been

pur chased or hired under the authority 0/ the said act, and for want cf due injpeftion and tontroul over the persons who have engaged in those contrails have not had the desired effect but the poor in many places injlead of finding protection and relief have been much of prejfed thereby: for remedy of these grievances and inconveni*cnees, and in order to make better and more effectual provision

for the relief and employment of the poor, and to introduce a prudent economy in the expenditure of the parish money; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the .advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com; moas> in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of march, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thoufano fovea hundred and eighty-three, so much of the said clause as re jfpedts the maintaining or hiring out the labour of the poor by contract, within any parish, township, or place, which shall .adopt the provisions of this act, shall he, and is hereby repealed, and every contract or agreement made in pursuance thereof, for either of those purposes, shall become, and is hereby declared to be, null and void.

II Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the visitor and guardian, or vjfitors and guardians, appointed as hereafter mentioned, of any parish, townftup, or place, or parities, townships, and places, which and clothing, shall h^ve adopted the provisions and complied with the require..of persons files of this a, and shall have a visitor appointed, from time to time to make agreements with any person or persons for the diet or clothing of such poor persons who shall be sent to the house or houses to be provided tinder the authority of this act, and for the workuand labour of such poor persons, so that no such agreement mail be made for any longer time than twelve months, and so that the same shall be, and every such agreement is hereby declared to be, under the strictest inspection a, nd control efche. visitor, guardian, and governor of such poor house, and alfeof thejusticesof the ppace for the limit where such poor house shall be 5 two of which juftkes, cqpon proof of ny abuse, shall hive; fow^r to difiolve {*& coauad, .

X ui»and

Part thereof repealed.

Victors and guardians may make agreements for the diet

sent to the poor houses.

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo georgii III C 83. 15/

III And be it further enacted, That whenever two third parts. Conditions on in number and value, according to the poor rate, of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within any pa to tj^*rifh, township, or place, qualified as hereafter mentioned, shall, benefits of at any time after the passing this act, at a public meeting to be this act. held pursuant to the directions of this act, signify their approbation of the provisions herein contained, and their desire to adopt them, in the form contained in the schedule hereunto an 1

nexed, No. I, and shall at such meeting noipinate and recommend to the confederation of the jtrftices of the peace of the county, riding, division, diftfid, city, town, or place, where sich meeting shall be held, three able and difereet persons qualified for guardians of the poor for such parish, township, or place, and three other fit and proper persons qualified to be go' '

of the poor house for such parish, towqship, or place, and fix the salaries to be paid to such guardian and governor re spectively, and shall procure the consent and approbation of two juftkres of the peace acting for that limit, to such agreement and salaries, by writing under their hands, in the forms contained in the schedule, No. II and shall cause such agreement to be registered pursuant to the direction of this act; every J

such parish, township, or place, shall from that time be entitled to all the benefits, privileges, powers, authorities, and advantages, which can arise or be derived from this act.

IV And be it further enacted. That where two third parts, Two or more in number and value as aforesaid, of the owners or occupiers of parishes may lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within two or more pa unite, with rithes, townships, or places, so qualified as aforesaid, shall think fit, with such approbation as aforesaid, signified in like manner fa

under the hands of two justices of the peace, and subscribed at the purposes the foot of the said agreement, in the form expressed in the said of thuad. schedule, No. II at the end of the form of the said agreement, to unite for the purposes of this act, and shall signify their inclination and desire foto do at a public meeting held in each of such parishes, townships, and places, in the manner hereinbefore directed concerning a single parish, in the form contained in the said schedule, No. Ill, an agreement shall, as soon as conveniently may be after such public meetings shall have been' held, be entered into by the guardians of the poor of every such parish, township, and place respectively, or the major part of them, in the form or to the effect set forth in the said schedule, No. IV which agreement shall be binding upon the several parties; and every such agreement shall lpecify the place.

where such house or houses shall be situate, and the terms upon which such agreement is made, and shall be entered with the clerk of the peace or town clerk of the county, city, town, or district, in which such parishes, townships, or places, shall be situate, and a copy thereof left with him within three calendar months after the time of making such agreement, in the form or to the effect mentioned in the said schedule, No. V for which entry every such clerk shall receive one shilling, and no morb;

o and

S

Parishetmore than 10 miles Aiftant from the poor house excluded.

Notice for meetings to be given in the church, C

Qualification ot voters.

Justices to appoint a guar dun for each parish, C

Duty and powers of the

guaidian.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83. [1782*

and from that time every such parish, township, and place, fa agreed to be united, shall be entitled to all the benefits, privileges, powers, authorities, and advantages, which can arise or be derived from this act.

V Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted* That no parish, township, hamlet, or place, which shall be situate more than ten miles from any poor house or workhouse to be provided under the authority of this act, shall be permitted to be united, for the purposes aforesaid, with the parithes, townships, hamlets, and places, which shall establish such poor house or workhouse.

VI And be it further enacted, That the notice for every public meeting directed by this act, shall be given in the church or chapel of every such parish, township, or place, on three fuc ccflive Sundays before the time of such meeting, immediately after divine service, or on such of the said Sundays as service shall be performed there, and also fixed in writing on such church or chapel door, or if no church or chapel, at some public place within any such parish, township, or place, where notices of parish business have been usually given, fifteen days at lead before the day to be appointed for such meeting, in the form or to the effect mentioned in the said schedule. No. VI and that no person shall vote at any public meeting to be held for the purposes of this act, unless he or she shall be the owner or occupier of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be assessed to the poor's rates, within such parish, township, or place, after the rate of five pounds per annum, at the lead; nor shall any such person vote as occupier, unless he or she shall be assessed or pay to such poor's rates: provided always, That in all parishes, townships, or places, wherein there shall not be ten periods possessed of the qualification aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for every person who shall be assessed, or shall pay to such poor's rates, to vote at every such meeting.

VII And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for two judices of the peace of the limit where such poor house shall be, or be so agreed to be Gtuated, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after such agreement shall have been made as aforesaid, upon application to them by two or more of the persons who shall have signed such agreement, and upon producing the same to them, to appoint one of the persons so recommended to be guardian of the poor for each of such parishes, townships, and places, in the form contained in the said schedule. No. VT, or to that or the like efsect; and every such guardian shall attend the monthly meetings hereby directed to be held, and execute the several powers and authorities given to guardians by this act, and shall have, and is hereby inverted with, all the powers and authorities given to overseers of the poor by any other act or acts of parliament, and shall to all intents and purposes, except with regard to the making and collecting of rates, be an overseer of the poor for the parish or township for which he shall be so appoint! guar

1782.} Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83. 1551

dian, and shall be liable to such forfeitures and penalties for neglect of duty as overseers of the poor are made liable to by this or any other act of parliament 3 and all notices or applications directed by this or any other act of parliament to be given or made to the overseers of the poor, with respe^fc to the care and management or removal of the poor, shall be given and made to the guardian of the poor, where any such guardian shall be appointed under the authority of this act; but in case any orders of removal or notices shall happen, by mistake, to be given or sent to the churchwarden or overseer, the same shall be as valid and effectual as if given to the guardian 3 and such churchwarden or overseer shall, and is hereby required forthwith to deliver the same to the guardian, or shall forfeit forty Shillings for his neglect: and in all cases where such guardian of the poor shall be appointed as aforesaid, neither the churchwardens or overseers of the poor shall interfere or intermeddle in the care and management of the poor, but shall continue to have and be invcfted with the same powers of making and col jcding poor's rates as they have at present, and shall be subject: to the like penalties for neglect or misbehaviour in making and colkfting such rates as they were at the time of passing this act.

VIIL And be it further enacted, That from and after the charchwar appointment of such guardian as aforesaid, one or more of the jjjjj £ churchwardens or overseers of the poor of every parish, town the poor's ship, or place, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, who rate.

shall be approved at some public meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall receive the money to be collected by virtue of such poor's rates, and apply the lame in manner following; (that is How to be 10 fay). If such parish, township, or place, shall not be united w1*4* with any other by virtue of this act, such churchwarden or over leer shall pay to the guardian of the poor such sums, from time to time, as he shall have occasion to employ for the purposes of discharging. the bills, and all other necessary expenses attending such house or houses, and the poor belonging to such parish, township, or place, and shall take receipts from such guardian for ill the money so paid, expressing in every such receipt the purposes for which such money is wanted; and if the said parish, township, or place, shall be united with any other parish, township, or place, by virtue of this act, such churchwarden or overseer shall pay, from time to time, to the treasurer of such united parishes, townships, Or places, their due proportion and quota of the several expenses attending the poor and poor house therein, under the authority and according to the direction of this act, and take his receipts for such money 3 or, if it shall be found more convenient, he shall permit such treasurer, from time to time, to draw drafts upon him for such money, in the form contained in the said schedule. No. VIII and pay the fam& when they become due, specifying in every such receipt and draught the general purposes for which such money is to be applied; all which payments foto be respectively made, shall be allowed to the said churchwarden or overseer, in his accounts with the parish.

Annos vicellmo secundo Georgii III p. 8$.

ruh, township, or place, wherein suck money shall be raised 3 and the accounts, as well of the said churchwarden or overiecf* as of the said guardian, shall be examined at every monthly meeting, and shall be examined and passed quarterly by the victor of Tuch poor house, after they shall have been verified uport oath before a justice of the peace.

Justices to ap IX And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law point a go fal ff or more justices of the peace for the limit wherein powhouse. ch pogr house be fituatc, and they are hereby required,as soon as conveniently may be after such agreement shall Imo been made as aforesaid for adopting the provisions of this act, either by a Angle parish or township, or by two or more parishes or townships, upon application made to them by two or more of the persons who shall have signed such agreement, and upon producing the same to them, to appoint one of the persons recommended for governor of such poor house, (in the form contained in the said schedule. No. VII or to that or the like cflfedl), who shall have the care, management, and employment of the poor persons to be tent thither, and shall be allowed such ftlary or w^ges for his trouble as shall be specified in the said agreement; and it shall and may be lawful for the visitor of such poor house, with the consent of the guardians, or the major part of them, or for two or more justices of the peace for such limit where a guardian shall be visitor, to remove the governor of such poor house, upon complaint, and sufficient proof, of misbehaviour or incapacity in the execution of his office. directioni for X And be it further enabled, That the guardians of the poor the appoint for e several parifties and townships which shall be so united mentotvwt gs shall meet as f00n as conveniently may be after

such agreement shall have been made, to consider of three proper persons, refpc&able in character and fortune, fit to be put in nomination for the office of visitor of such poor house \ two or more of such guardians shall, as soon as conveniently may be after such meeting, apply to two justices of the peace acting for the limit wherein such poor house shall be, and produce to them the said agreement, and the names of the peifons whom they shall desire to recommend; which justices shall then, or within three days after, appoint one of such persons so recommended to be visitor, in the form contained in the said schedule, No. VII or to that or the like efsets; but if he shall refute to accept that office, they shall then appoint one other of the persons so named; and if he shall decline it, they shall appoint the third person named in such list; and if he shall decline it, the guardians of the said several parishes, townships, and places shall, and they are hereby required to serve that office monthly by rotation, subject to the control of the justices of Visitor may 'the limit where such poor house shall be: and every such visitor, appoint a if not a guardian, is hereby authorised to nominate fotnedif deputy. creet and proper person to be his deputy or affiftanr, if he (foil think fit, in the form contained in the said (chedule. No. IX and every such deputy or afllftant shall, in the absence or such

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83; t

visitor, and older his direflion, act as ihfpedlor of the several Blatters so committed to the care bf the visitor, and Shall make his report thereof, from timte to time, to him, for his better information, and render him all the assistance in his power: and every visitor foto be appolhted shall superintend every fuel) house or houses, and settle and ddjuft the accounts between the said guardians of the poor and the treasurer of such house, if any

Sftion or dispute shall arise rfcfpe&ing the fanie; and also shall e and adjust all doubts and questions which (nay drife concerning the persons which ought to be font to such house or houses, according to the intention of this ddt, ahd by every prudeot means in his power enforce and promote the rules, orders, regulations, directions, and provisions established, enacted, and formed by and under this act, for the better accommodation m.d.. relief of the poor, and the preventing all unnecessary expeaces and burdens on the said parities, townships, and places: and every such governor, guardian, and treasurer, is hereby re Gdveritpr, C (juired to observe and obey the directions which he shall frorti to obey the time to time receive from the visitor foto be appointed, touch vlfitor4 ing the several matters aforesaid: and, where any ad shall bfc

3iired to be done by a justice of peace, such visitor, if nbt a f ce, or his deputy or assistant, shall apply to Tome neighbouring magistrate to do the same: and every person to be nominated or appointed visitor or deputy visitor as aforesaid, as an inducement to his undertaking and executing that office, shall be freed and discharged from serving the office of constable, and all parochial offices, and also from serving upon juries at the assizes or quartet fetfions, so long as he shall continue in that office; and a certificatetunder the hand of a justice of the peace afiingfor the limit wherein he executes such office, in the fornl contained in the said schedule, No. X shall be admitted as evidence of his serving the office...

XI And be it further enacted, That if two thirds, in mirtt singh*perifas her and value a9 aforesaid, of the owners or occupiers of lands, "fitor ait tenements, or hereditaments, within any Angle parish, town panted;

ship, or place, which shall adopt the provisions of this act in manner aforesaid, shall desire to have a visitor appointed, and shall nominate and recommend to the justices of the limit three persons properly qualified for that office, the justices, upon application to them in manner aforesaid, shall appoint one of the persons To recommended, in the manner herein before directed concerning parishes, townships, and places so united as aforesaid.

XII And be it further enacted, That the guafdiaris of the A trtafuref t several parishes and townships united for the purpose9 of this l>e»pp01«co' a, shall recommend to the justices one of their own body to be treasurer of the poor house; and it shall and may be lawful for two justices of the limit to appoint the guardian so redom mended, or any other of the guardians whom they shall think better qualified, to that office, in the form contained in the said schedule, No. VII or to that or the like' effect which treasurer His duty

vol XXXIV M shall

fi Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83. [1782.

shall give sufficient security to the satisfaction of the justices, to the other guardians, and their successors, for his duly accounting for the money which shall come to his hands; and shall keep the accounts, receive the money to be contributed by each parish and township, and pay or discharge the several bills and expenses which shall be allowed and ordered to be paid by the guardians, at their monthly meeting; and shall lay his accounts before the guardians, at every such meeting, for their perusal and approbation; and shall, once in every year, within fourteen days before the' Michaelmas quarter sessions of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or place, where such poor house shall be situate, make out, or cause to be made out, a just and fair account of the expenses attending the same, distinguishing them under the several heads herein specified; and also an account of the number of poor persons, distinguishing their age and sex, which shall be contained in every such house at the time of making such account, and how they have been employed, and how much money hath been earned by the labour of the poor in the year preceding; which shall be laid before the visitor, and fignjfied under his hand, if he approves the same, and shall afterwards be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, or town clerk, of such county, riding, division, city, or place, before or at the time of the said quarter sessions, and be by him laid before the court there for their inspection: and every such Jreafurer shall be allowed, for his trouble in executing that office, such annual sum, not exceeding ten pounds, as the visitor,

snot a guardian, shall think fit; and if no such visitor, as two justices of the peace for the limit shall appoint.

Vacancies oc XIII And be it further enacted, That when and as often a; cation ed by any vacancy shall happen in any of the offices aforesaid, by cm&c. how th, resignation, or removal, meetings shall be calied, and re to befupplied* commendations offered to the justices in manner aforesaid; and they shall proceed, so Toon as conveniently may be, in the manner before directed, to appoint a fit and proper fucceflbr to the person so dying, declining to as, or so removed as aforesaid.

At what time XIV Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the the offices of offices of guardian, governor, Visitor, or treasurer, to which any governor C person appointed under the authority of this act, shall

thalldeter*determine in Eajhr week next after the respective persons shall mine, be appointed thereto, on the day upon which the public meeting

for such parish, township, or place, shall be held there;wlven the persons, who, according to this act, are qualified and have a right to recommend another person to the justices, to be appointed to such office, shall either agree with the persons who held the same to continue in such office, or shall proceed to recommend others, 'in the manner herein before directed, as if such person had died.

Justices in a X V And be it further enabled, That if within any such limit different limit as aforesaid, wherein any poor house shall be situate, there shall may in happen to be no adhng justice, or only one adlingjustice of the certain ca cs. peace or jf jqftjce or justices of the peace who usually aio

t; 82.j Anno vicefi^o secundo Georgii III c.^83. 163 4

that limit shall bt absent, dr by any means incapacitated to act it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices of any other limit to ain all such cases.

XVI And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Justices may lawful for the justices of the peace, within their respective limits,

to appoint special or privy'sessions for executing the several for rxecotii^

powers and purposes ot this act, caufipg proper notices to be the powers of

given of the time and place of holding the same, to the several this a

justices of the peace, peace officers, nd guardians of the poor,

within such respective limits; and also.to adjourn any such privy

fdfions, to be again held at such time and place as they shall

judge most proper for discharging tie business, required by this

aft, and such other business which may happen to fall Under.

their cognizance, so as to occasion the least trouble to themselves,

and to afford the greatest convenience and accommodation to

the public, cauung the like notices to be given of every such j

adjournment.,

XVII And be it further enabled, That the guardians of the Guardians poor of the several paristies, townships, apd places which (hall?

adopt the provisions of this act, shall prqyide a suitable and con proper*utw

venient house or houses, with proper buildings and accommo ms, C

dauons; thejreto, wfien wpnted, either by eroding new ones on

land to^be purchased or rented by them for that purpose, altering

old ones, or hiring buildings for the purpose; and shall sit up

and diipofe the fapae, with the advice and approbation of the.

visitor, if any, in such manner as shall be mpft conducive to the

general purposes ofthisadi, at the expense of such parish or town

imp, or paruhes, townships, and places, respectively, in the proportions

herein afrgr mentioned; and shall provide such utenfii?

and materials as they shall think necessary for their employment

according to the true intent and meaning of this adh

XVIII And be it further enacted, That the several poor p00r hoofc# houses or workhouses to be built or provided under the autho where to be rity of this a, shall be situate within the parish or township for dtuated. which they shall be used, if (ingle parishes or townships, and if

several parishes or townships shall be united for the purposes of this act, they shall be built or provided within one of the pa, riffles or townships foto be united, and not in any other parish, township, or place, without the consent of three fourth parts, in number and value as aforesaid, of such owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the same, first had and obtained, qualified as herein before mentioned, who shall bcaflembled at a public meeting to be held in the manner, and upon the like notice, herein before diredlcd for public meetings.

XIX Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all On what con

the houses, buiklings, and lands, to be hired or rented under the land, »

authority of this acts, shall be hired or rented in such manner, bt

for such term or terms, and on such conditions as are specified in

the form of agreement contained in the said schedule. now; and all such houses, buildings, and lands, shall be free from all paro m 2 chial

1$4 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83. [1782.

chial and parliamentary taxes, except such taxes, and to such amount, as they were assessed at the time they were first taken and applied for the purposesof this act.

Buildings to XX And be it further enacted. That when any such build be paid hr by jngs shall be agreed to be erected, repaired, or fitted up, at the

the guardians, expend of the parish, township, or place, or parishes, townships, or places, which shall adopt the provisions of this act as aforesaid, the expenses thereof, and of the purchase of the land necessary to be used for that purpose, shall be paid by the guardians of the poor of such parish, township, or place, or of the parishes, townships, and places, where they shall unite for thofa purposes, in the proportions to be settled and adjusted by the persons, and in the manner, directed by the agreement to be in made as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Sweredto01" v>fitor an guardian of the poor of any such parish, township, or borrow no place, when such expenses, or their proportion thereof, shall Bcy« amount to one hundred pounds or upwards, to borrow the same

at interest, and secure such money by a charge upon the poor's rates of such parish, township, or place, in sums not exceeding fifty pounds each, for the greater ease in diicharging the same, in the form contained in the said schedule. No. XI or to that or the like efsect; which charge shall continue upon the said rates until the money so borrowed, and all interest for the same, shall be fully paid and (atisfied: and the said guardians and their successors shall, and they are hereby required duly to pay and keep down the interest of such money foto be borrowed, for the use of their respective parishes or townships, as the same shall become due; and that when the principal shall be called for, they may borrow it from some other person or persons; and the same shall be secured to the person advancing the same, by an assignment of such security endorsed on the bank thereof, in the form contained in the said schedule. No. XIV or to that or the like efsect: and that the poor'* afleflinents shall continue at the same rate they were when such poor house was first established under the authority of this act, until the debt so contrasted, and the interest thereof, shall be fully discharged: and that the said visitor and guardian, in order to expedite such payments, shall, as soon as the savings in the poor's accounts shall amount to a sum sufficient to pay oft and discharge one of the sums which shall have been borrowed, pay off and discharge such sum, and in like manner as to all succeeding savings, until the whole debt so contrasted and secured shall be discharged.

XXL And be it further enacted, That the visitor and guardian for the time being of every parish, township, and place, or of the several parishes, townships, and places which shall be so united as aforesaid, from and after they shall respectively have adopted the provisions of this act, shall be, and are hereby respectively declared to be one body politic and corporate, and Their name, be called by the name of Visitor and Guardian, or, Vif tors and Guardians, of the Poor for the pari/b, Tqivnfbipi or Place of in the County cof.

Visitor and guardian to be incorporated.

Or, of the united parifitsi

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo georgii III C 83*

vmjbts) tmnshipsj or Places of

in the County cof

and

is the case shall be; and are hereby authorised and enabled by that name to sue and be sued, and to accept, take, and hold, by purchase or lease, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments of inheritance, or for lives or years, or for years determinable oa the death of any life or lives, not exceeding in any city or town one acre, and not exceeding in the open country twenty acres of statute measure, for the feite of a house or houles to be built, and for lands to be occupied, for the purposes of this a; and the said corporation is also hereby authorised and enabled to accept, take, and hold, all voluntary grants and donations of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of inheritance, or for lives or years, or for years determinable on lives, or of personal property, which shall be made to them for the use and benefit of the poor within such respective parishes, townships, or places.

XXII And be it further enabled. That it shall and may be Incapacitated lawful for all bodies politic, corporate, or pollegiate, corpora p«rfon* im tions aggregate or foie, husbands, guardians, trustees, feoffees

in trust, committees, executors, administrators, and all other

trustees whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of their ceftuiquc trusts, whether infants, issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other person or persons, and to and for all femes covert, who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in their own right, and to and for every other person and persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seized, poflefleti of, or interested in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased or rented for the purposes of this id, to contract for, fell, and convey, or lease the same, or any part thereof, in manner aforesaid, not exceeding the quantity aforesaid, unto the said visitor and guardians, their successors 1 and assigns, or to such person or persons as they shall nominate and appoint, for the use and benefit of such poor house, and the poor persons within such parishes, townships, and placet respectively, and for all other the purposes of this act.

XXIII And be it further enabled, That all sums of money Money paid which are to be paid to any bodies politic, corporate, or colie

giate, corporations aggregate or foie, feoffees in ttqft, executors, out in ttepur administrators, huibands, guardians, committees, 9x other true chase of other ftces whatsoever, for or on behalf of any infant, lunatic idiot, lands, C to femc covert, or other cefluique trust, or to any person or persons |* lands arc limited in strict settlement, for the purchase of C am my lands or buildings as aforesaid, shall, in case t; he same exceed the sum of twenty pounds, by such bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, huibands, guardians, committees, or other trustees, person or persons seized of lands or buildings so limited in drift settlement, be laid out, as soon as conveniently may be, in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in see ample, and conveyed to or to the use of

m3

such

166 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83. [1782.

such bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, or other trustees, or to and for such other person or persons, and for such estates, and to, for, ppon, and subject to such uses, trusts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the lands for or in respect whereof such purchase money shall be so paid as aforesaid were limited, settled, and assured, at the time such purchase was made, or so many of such uses as shall be then.existing, and capable of uk ing efsect; such purchase and settlements to be made at the expense of the respective parish, or of the several parishes so uniting, in the proportions aforementioned, and charged by the respective guardians of such parishes, together with the purchase money, in their accounts; and in the mean time, and until such purchase or purchases shall be made, the said money shall be placed out by such bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, or other trustees, person or persons, in some of the public funds, or on government or real security, in the name of two or more persons, the one to be named by the party or parties interested therein, and the other by the guardian, if it respedu a single parish only, and by the visitor, if it respects several parishes, townships, or places, so united as aforesaid; and the interest arising and to be produced from such funds or fecuritics, and also the annual rent where the said premises shall be rented, shall be paid to such person or persons respectively as would, for the time being, bt entitled to the rents and profits of such lands of buildings foto see purchased and settled, pursuant to the tenor ard true meaning of this act.

Poor to be'XXIV And be it further enacted. That the poor persons maintained at \yhb shall be lent to every such house, by virtue and under the expencef of authority of this act, shall be maintained therein at the general iherespective expense of the respective parishes, townships, and places, so parishes. adopting the provisions of this act as aforesaid, according to the terms, and in the proportions, directed and prescribed by this act; and that the treasurer, with the assistance of the governor of every such house, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall provide all fit and riecessary provisions for the maintenance of such poor, Guardians to and keep an ageopnt thereof; and that there shall be a meeting meet monthly. Gf the guardians of the poor of every such parish, township, and place. such house or houses, on the first Monday in every moaty)gy*t the hour of ten in the forenoon, or on such other day and houi|, in the first week of every month, as the said guardians shall at their first; meeting appoint, to state, examine, insped, Treasurer, at and adjust the atedunts for the preceding month; and that at each meeting, such meeting, the said treasurer shall produce, fairly written, accou°ntuof one ^cc9unt the debt incurred in the preceding month, for debt incurred utensils and material foe the'purpose of manufacture, and for for utensils, furniture, aiterations, or repairs of the buildings, and also for furniture C the alary or allowance to the governor or treafuferj and fer

vantj

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83. 167

vants (if any), in which account the rent of such house or houses, buildings, and preroifes, if the same shall be rented, shall be charged in the month next after such rent shall become due, according to the terms of the agreement for taking the same; which account, when settled and agreed to, shall be signed by the said guardians attending such meeting: and the sums to be paid by each of such parishes, townships, and places, on that account, shall be settled and adjusted at such meeting, in pro portion to the sums paid by each such parities, townships, and places, on account of their poor, on a medium of three years next preceding the date of such agreement, (to be settled and ascertained at such first monthly meeting, in the manner to be specified by the said agreement foto be entered into for uniting as aforesaid, and according to the mode or form, and table, contained or referred to in the said schedule, No. XV and in like manner, and in the like proportions, at every succeeding monthly meeting; and the money shall be then, or within one week after, paid into the hands of the said treasurer, to be by him applied in discharge of the several articles and debts contained in such account: and the said treasurer shall also at the nd also an lame time produce fairly written, one other account, of the victuals, beer, firing, and other necessaries, for the use and boer^&c. used maintenance of the poor, and of the governor, at such house or in the poor houses, and all other incidental expenses; which shall be then house. accounted for, and proportioned by the said guardians according to the number of persons which shall have been sent from each of the said respective parishes, townships, and places, and for the time they shall have resided in such house or houses, within such month, according to the mode or form, and table, and in the manner, for that purpose also mentioned in the said schedule, No. XVI and the sum due from each parish, town ship, or place, shall be specified at the foot of such account, which shall, when settled and agreed to, be signed by such guardians, or the major part of them, and be afterwards inspected by the visitor, if not a guardian, and allowed by him if he shall approve thereof; and in case default shall be made in payment of the respective sums so proportioned to be paid in respect of any such parish, township, or place, for seven days after the lame shall be so settled and proportioned, and the money demanded, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace for the limit where such house or houses shall be situate, upon complaint made to him upon oath of such default, to levy the said refoedtive sums, to be settled and proportioned as aforesaid, by diftrefsand sale of the goods and chattels of any guardian of the poor for any such parirn, township, or plade, making such default; and at the end of every year the account shall be finally doled, and the balances paid and received, according to the mode prescribed by the said schedule. No. XVI

XXV And be it further enacted, That the churchwarden or Penalty oit overseer of the poor of any parish, township, or place, who shall toddwer have the custody of the poor's rates, affeflinems, or accounts, Up poor's

for rate, See.

161

after proper demand.

Penalty on guardians who shall northeast

Anno vicesimo fecund Gborgh III £. tl7^2*

for such parish, township, or place, shall, and is hereby required tp produce the same to the persons who shall be nominated, in the agreement contained in the said schedule for uniting parishes, on every request made by them for that purpose, after fopr days' notice thereof, in order to enable them to ascertain the expenses relative to the poqr, on a medium of three years, according to the directions, true intent, and meaning of this acts or in default thereof shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every such refusal or neglect.

XXVI And be it further enacted, That if thp guardian of the poor for any parish, township, or place, which shall adopt gleavo attend the fa id provision as aforesaid, shall not attend each monthly

monthly meeting hereby directed to be held, or send foqie substantial

meetings. inhabitant of loch parish, township, or place, to attepd and answer

the payments for him, in case he shall be prevented by (icknefs, or other unavoidable accident, from attending in person, the guardian for every such parish, township, and place, making such default, shall, for every such neglect, forfeit a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

Wide land XXVII And be it further enacted, That in order to en courage the salutary and benevolent purposes of this act, and tq northwest be in afford better accommodation? for the poor a; such poor houses,

doled, with it shall and may be lawful for the guardians of the poor, where

consent of the any such poor house shall be provided, purchased, or agreed to lord of die erected, to enclose from any waste or common land or ground manor, C lying near or adjoining thereto, with the consent and approbation of the lord of the manor, and the major part in value of the freeholders or persons having right of common thereupon, signified under their hands and seals, any part or portiopof such waste or common land, not exceeding ten acres, for the purpose of building upon, or occupying, cultivating, and improving the same, for the use and benefit of such poor house, and the poor persons within the parish, township, or place, where the same shall be, or within the parishes, townships, or places, which shall be united therewith for the purposes of this a.

Persons sent XXVIII And be it further enabled, That every person or to poor houses persons, to be sent to any house or houses to be provided under order sinned auth°r'ly f this a shall, at the time of his or her entering by a guardian. such h°use, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the governor thereof, or to his aftiftant, if any, an order, signed by one of

the guardians of the poor of the parish, township, or place,

from which such person shall come, for the ad, million of such person or persons, in the form or to the effefi contained in the said schedule. No. XII which order shall be carefully kept by the governor, and entered by him in a book to be provided for that purpose.

XXIX Andy to render the provifiops of this act more prafluatle end What persons beneficial^be it further enabled, That no person shall be sent to such to^h** oor P00r k°uk or houses, except such as are become indigent by d4

house sickness, or infirmities, and are unable to acquire a maintenance

by their labour } and except such orphan children as

shall

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83;

shall be sent thither by order of the guardian or guardians of die poor, with the approbation of the visitor; and except such children as shall necessarily go with their mothers thither for fufte

169

nance.

XXX And be it further enacted, That all infant children of How [ tender years, and who, from accident or misfortune, shall be children ire pome chargeable to the parish or place to which they belong, be provide may either be sent to such poor house as aforesaid, or be placed

by the guardian or guardians of the poor, with the approbation of the visitor, with some reputable person or persons in or near the parish, township, or place, to which they belong, at such weekly allowance as shall be agreed upon between the parish officers and such person or persons with the approbation of the visitor, until such child or children shall be of sufficient age to be put into service, or bound apprentice to husbandry, or Tome trade or occupation; and a lilt of the names of every child so placed out, and by. whom and where kept, shall be given to the visitor; who shall see that they are properly treated, or cause them to be removed, and placed under the care of some other person or persons, if he finds just cause foto do; and when every such child shall attain such age, he or she shall be so placed out, at the expense of the parish, township, or place, to which he or she shall belong, according to the laws in being: provided nevertheless. That if the parents or relations of any poor child sent to such house, or so placed out as aforesaid, or any other responsible person, shall desire to receive and provide for any such poor child or children, and (ignify the same to the guardians at their monthly meeting, the guardians shall, and are hereby required to dismiss, Or cause to be dismissed, such child or children from the poor house, or from the care of such person or persons as aforesaid, and deliver him, her, or them, to the parent, relation, or other person so applying as aforesaid: provided also. That nothing herein contained' mall give any power to separate any child or children, under the age of (even years, from his, her, or their parent or parents, without the consent of such parent or parents.

XXXI And be it further enacted, That all idle or disorderly wiepersont, persons, who are able, but unwilling, to work or maintain them wboneffteft* selves and their families, shall be prosecuted by the guardians of to provide for the poor of the several parishes, townfriips, and places, wherein

they reside, and punished in such manner as idle and disorderly fe£ttte4 persons are directed to be by the statute made in the feveateenth guardiaai year of the reign of his late majesty King Gtorge the Second; and if any guardian shall neglect to make complaint thereof, against every such perron or persons, to some neighbouring justice of the peace, within ten days after it shall come to his knowledge, he shall, for every such neglect, forfeit a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor lcfs than twenty Shillings, one moiety whereof, when recovered, shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to be disposed of as the other forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be applied.

n XXXII An

y

176 How guardians are to proceed relative to poor perfpni who cannot gtt employment.

Guardian to provide suitable clothing or the persons they send to the poor houles.

Rules and orders contained

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83. [1782.

XXXII And be it further enacted, That where there shall be, in any parish, township, or place, any poor person or persons who shall be able and willing to work, but who cannot get employment, it shall and may be lawful for the guardian of the poor of such parish, township, or place, and Ire is hereby required, on application made to him by or on behalf of such poor person, to agree for the labour of such poor person or persons, at any work or employment suited to his or her strength and capacity, in any parifn, township, or place, near the place of his Or her residence, and to maintain, or cause such person or persons to be properly maintained, lodged, and provided for, until such employment shall be procured, and during the time of such work, and to receive the money to be earned by such work or labour, and apply it in such maintenance, as far as the same will go, and make up the deficiency, if any; and if the same shall happen to exceed the money expended in such maintenance, to account for the surplus, which shall afterwards, within one calendar month, be given to such poor person or persons who shall have earned such money, if no further expenses shall be then incurred on his or her account to exhaust the same. And in case such poor person or persons shall refuse to work, or run away from such work or employment, complaint shall be made thereof by the guardian to some justice or justices of the peace in or near the said parish, township, or place; who shall inquire into the same upon oath, and on conviction punish such offender or offenders, by committing him, her, or them, to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month.

XXXIII And be it further enacted. That the guardian of the poor for any parish, township, or place, adopting the provisions of this act as aforesaid, shall provide, at the expense of such parish, township, or place, suitable and necessary clothing for the persons sent by him to such poor house as aforesaid; and in case of his neglect foto do, the governor or one of the guardians of every such house shall make complaint thereof to some neighbouring justice of the peace; who shall summon the guardian so making neglect to appear before him to answer the said complaint, and direct him .to provide such clothing as shall to such justice appear necessary; if such guardian shall make default in providing such clothing, within ten days after such direction, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace to direct the governor of such poor house, of the guardian so making such complaint, to provide the same and to demand from such guardian so making neglect, the charges and expenses of such clothing; and in default of payment thereof, upon demand made, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace to levy the same, and the costs and charges attending the recovery thereof, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such guardian so making default.

XXXIV And be it further enacted, That the rules*orders.

and

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C 83. 171

and regulations, specified and contained in the schedule herein the schedule*unto annexed, shall be duly observed and enforced at every poor ^c°b^ve^ houseor Workhouse to be provided by virtue of this act, with boulesf0^ such additions as shall be made by the justices of the peace of the limit wherein such house or houses shall be situate, at some special session; provided that such additions shall not be contradictory to the rules, orders, and regulations established by this act, and provided that the same be not repeated by theju ftices at their quarter sessions of the peace; and, for the purpose of having them more generally known, and more strictly attended to, the governors of every such house or houses shall, and are hereby required to cause the same to be printed in plain legible characters, and fixed up in some conspicuous part of every such house or houses.

XXV And whereas, by the said ar of the ninth of King George the First, dir ir ions are given touching the application to be mode by poor per font, and the manner in which they are to be reliev td, by orders from justices of the peace; but, from a want of proper iifiriptms of the poor, who are to be the objers of such relief from C want of proper accommodations in many pari/hes, townships, and flofts, and from a want of the means of enforcing the orders of the jvfiices for such relief, the said ar hath not had its proper ejfer, and that poor have been Jrequently reduced to hardships and distresses: for justices, 0* remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be complaint lawful for any justice of the peace, on complaint made upon.

oath, by or on ihe behalf of any poor person belonging to any parish, township, or place, that the guardian, upon application to any p.. to him, hath refused such poor person proper relief, and person, may after inquiring into the condition and circumstance of such poor direct such person upon 04th, either to order him or her, by writing under the hand of such justice, some weekly or other.relief, or direct pi, inant to the such guardian to send such poor person to the poor house, in poor house. case he or she shall appear a lit object to be kept and provided for there, according to the true intent and construction of this act; which order shall be complied with, or sufficient cause shewn to the contrary, before, such justice, by such guardian, within two days after he shall receive the same; (and every person receiving weekly relief shall wear the badge directed by the act made io the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King iftbiam the Third, unless directed otherwise by a justice of the peace, upon proof of very decent and orderly behaviour); or if it shall appear to such justice, that the person so complaining, or on whose behalf such complaint is made, is able and willing to work, but wants employment, in that case it shall and may be lawful for such justice to order the guardian to procure him or her maintenance and employment in the manner herein before directed; and if any guardian shall, upon due notice of any such order, refuse or neglect to obey the same, he shall, for every such refofal or ntgleet, forfeit the sum of five pounds; or if it shall If the Justice appear to such justice, that the person making such complaint,

9; oq whose behalf such complaint is made, is an idle or difor anet^ "le

derly p«rfoii, hemj

7*

commit him to the house of correction.

Guardian not to be summoned before the justice, unless the complainant shall have applied both to the guardian and visitor.

Application of penalties

inflicted on guardians

Direftiont relative to such poor persons who shall be afflt&ed with fitknefs, C when at a di ft a nee from their paritti.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83. [1781.

derly person, and has not used proper means to get employment, it shall and may be lawful for the justice, after examining such person, and hearing the whole circumstances of the case, to commit such person to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month $ or if it shall appear to such justice, upon inquiry as aforesaid, that the husband or father of such person making complaint, or on whose behalf complaint shall be so made, for want of relief, is an idle or disorderly personable to work, but by his neglect of work, or for want of seeking employment, or by spending the money he earns in alehouses, or places of bad repute, does not maintain his wife or children, and suffers them to be reduced to want, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace, in like manner, to commit the husband of such poor woman, or the father of such poor child or children, to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month.

XXXVI Provided always, and be it further enabled, That when any complaint or apolication shall be made to a justice of the peace, for the relief of any poor person, within any parish, township, or place, for which a visitor shall be appointed, such Justice (halt not summon the guardian to appear before him, unless application shall have been first made, by the person so complaining, to the guardian, and, if he refuses redress, to the visitor, (it being part of his duty to adjust matters of that fort), who shall order relief if he thinks it necefitary, either within or out of the poor house, as he shall judge right; but if sufficient relief shall not be so given or ordered, the poor person complaining, or on whose behalf such complaint shall be made, shall be redressed by such justice in the manner herein before direfled.

XXXVII And be it further enacted, That out of the penalty hereby infiided upon the guardian for disobeying the order of a justice of the peace for the relief and maintenance of any poor person, so much thereof as the justice of the peace Nwho shall convict such offender shall direct to be paid to such poor person to whom such relief was ordered, shall be paid to him or her accordingly, and the remainder applied in such manner as the other penalties are hereby directed to be disposed of.

XXXVIII And be it further enacted. That if any poor person shall be retarded on his or her paftage through any parish, township, or place, in which he or she has no legal settlement, by reason of his or her meeting with any accident, or being afni&ed with any dangerous sickness or bodily infirmity, without the means of lubfiftence, or of proceeding to the place of his or her settlement, the guardian living near the place where such distressed objcdl shall be, shall, and is hereby required, upoh notice thereof, forthwith to provide lodging, and suitable nourishment and assistance (and also clothing if necessary) for such person, until he or she can be removed with safety; and when such person shall be in a (late of health fit to be

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C 83.' 173

removed, shall take such person to some neighbouring justice of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, or place, where such person was found, who shall examine hitn or her upon oath, touching the place of his or her settlement, and make an order for his or her removal thither, if they think fit: and the parish officer who shall so receive and provide for such person or persons as aforesaid, shall make a charge of the expenses attending the same, which, on being allowed and certified by the justices before whom such poor person shall be so taken, or some other neighbouring justices within the limit where such person was found, the same shall be paid by the guardian of the parish, town ship or place, where such poor person shall be settled, in case the same can be difoovered, and mall happen to be within that county, on demand made thereof, and on the production of such allowance and certificate as aforesaid, or in default of payment, the same shall be levied upon the goods and chattels of any such guardian so making default, after due summons, by warrant from a justice of peace having jurisdiction there; and if any poor and sick person circumstanced as aforesaid shall die before he or she can be so examined, or if any poor person shall be found dead in any parish or place to which he or she did not belong, the guardian of such parish or place respectively shall, and is hereby required, in every such case, to cause such person to be buried in the parish, township, or dace, where he or she so died or was found dead, and shall make a charge of the expenses attending the same respectively, which shall be allowed and certified by a justice of the peace, after examining into the place of his or her settlement, and shall be paid by the guardian of the parish, township, or place, where'such person shall appear to have been settled, if the same shall be within that county; but in case the settlement of such poor persons respectively cannot be discovered, or shall not be within that county, the same shall be paid by the treasurer of such county, riding, division, city, or place, where such person was so relieyed, on the production of such allowance and certificate, out of the county or public money to be collected within his limit, and allowed to such treasurer in his accounts.

XX3KX. And be it further enabled, That nothing herein Not to alter contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or**« affect the settlement of any person or persons whomsoever, or* #

to give any illegitimate child, who may be born in any poor houseor workhouse established under the authority of this acta fettlemeot in the parish or place in which such workhouse or poor house shall be situated, (but every such child shall be considered as settled in the parish or place to which the mother belongs), or to alter or affbst any of the provisions, directions, rules, orders, or regulations, established by any act or acts of parliament for the management and government of any particular house of industry, or workhouse, inrany part of this kingdom; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof Tr*

ny wise notwithstanding.

XL And

Penalty on personi who shall embezzle orwalte goods. See. committed to their care in

any poor house.

Penalty on enticing or removing pregnant women, C from one pari (b to another, without an order from two justices. Penalty on visitors, guardians, and governor, who shall furnish provirions, See. for the poor house to which i they belong.

Guardians, with the approbation of the parioiion* ers, may sell houses provided by the panth for the poor thereof.

Anno v^efirnoiccu«hlageorgii*iii. C 8^# [1782^

XL And be it further enacted, That if any poor person who shall be sent to inch house or houses, fhaljl embezzle or wilfully waste any of the goods or materials committed to his or her care, or shall take or carry away, without permission of the governor, any goods or materials provided for the use of such house, or belonging to any person residing there, complaint shall be made thereof upon oath to some neighbouring justice of peace living near such house; who shall hear the same, and the party accused; and such justice is hereby authorised, upon conviction, to commit such offender to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor leis than two calendar months, as the said justice shall think fit and direct.

XLI And whereas it frequently happens that poor children, pregnant women, or poor persons affilqcd with ficknejs, or some bodily in firmity, are enticed, taken, or conveyed by parish officers, or other persons, from one parish or place to another, without any legal order of removal, in order to ease the one parish or place, and to burden the other with Jucb poor persons: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That when any guardian, or other person or persons, shall so entice, take, convey, or remove, or diufe or pro pure to be so enticed, taken, conveyed, or removed, any such poor person or persons from one parish or place to another, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, without an order of removal from two justices of the peace for that purpose, every

s>erfon or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, orfeit a sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than see pounds.

XLIL And be it further enacted, That if any visitor, guardian, or governor, shall sell or furmfh any materials, goods, clothes, victuals, or provisions, or do any work in his trade for the use of any workhouse, poor house, or poor persons, within any parish, township, or place, for which he shall be soap pointed to ad, or be concerned in trade or interest with any person or persons who shall fell, provide, do, or furnish the same, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds, on being duly convicted thereof by a justice of the peace..

XLIII And be it further enacted, That it shall and may b lawful for the guardians of the poor of any parish, township or place, which shall adopt the provisions of this act, with ih$ approbation of the persons, within such parish, township, or place, qualified as herein before mentioned, obtained at a pub lick meeting held for that purpose, to sell or dispose of any

house, cottage, or building, which shall have been erected or

purchased for the use of any poor person or persons, at the expense of such parish, township, or place, and apply the money arising therefrom for the purposes of this act; and also to remove, by order from a justice or justices of the peace, the person or persons who shall inhabit the same, or any other house or dwelling rented or provided at the expense of such parish,

township, 1

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii jjj, C £3. ri 75

township, or place, if he, (he, or they refuse to quit, after receiving fourteen days notice for that purpose.

XLIV Provided always, and be it further enacted, That This act not nothing in this act contained shall extend to or asi^fl, or Ln cxt|ace L

deemed, construed, or adjudged to extend to or afsect, any pa vjhicn hall rifh, townfbip, or place, which shall not agree to adopt the not adopt the provisions herein contained, in the manner hereby directed and provisions prescribed; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof lhcre°l notwithstanding. _

And be it further enacted, That all penalties inflicted Penalties and by this act shall be recovered before one or more justice or juf hoir to be re tices of the peace of the jurisdicttio; } wh^re the offender dwells; covered and" who shall, upon conviction, in default of payment, after due applied, summons, and demand made, cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and leal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus (if aqy) after the charges f such distress and sale shall be deduced; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, then, and in every such case, it ha and may be lawful to and for any such justice of the peace to comjnit such offender to the house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprise, for any (pace pot exceeding IX calendar months, nor less than qne calendar month 5 and that every such penalty and forfeiture, if not hereby pth^rwife directed to be disposed of, shall be paid t; o the treasurer of every such house Qr houses, where any such shall Ije eftabljshed under the authority of this act, to be applied by him towards defraying the monthly expenses of vidtuals, beer, firing, arid other necessary provisions for the poor within such house or houses.

XLV I. And be it further enacted, That any person aggriey7 Persons aged by the act of ai\y juftjee or justices of the peace oqt of fefr teethe fioris, in or concerning the executiop of this at, may appeal tp quarter fef thenexr general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, fionsj riding, liberty, division, precinct, of cmstrict, wherein fych act was done, giving eight days notice thereof to the party against whom the complaint shall be made, and giving security, by recognisance, to be acknowledged bsefqre a justice of ihe peace, with a sufficient surety, to pay the cotts attending such appeal, if the matter shall be determined against the appellant; and the justices at such quarter sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine such appeal, and to award costs, for or against the appellant, «they shall see just cause foto do; which deter initiation (nail be final, and shall not be removed by ctruoran.^pna| xlvii/and be it further enacted, That this act shall bepub, icka^ deemed and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other per tonnes whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

S C H E

Anno iflcdimo secundo Georgii III C 83. [1782

SCHEDULE,

Containing the Forms of Proceedings referred to by thi aforesaid Act.

No. I.

FORM of AGREEMENT at a public meeting, for a Gngli parish or township to adopt the proviiions, rules, and regulations, of an act, made in the twenty second year of Gtirgt the Third, for tbt bttttr relief employment the poor.

IT is agreed, at a public meeting duly btlden this day tf

at in the county ofpurfuant to the if

reffitns of an all, made in the twenty second year of King George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poor, That the parish [or township] of [as the case shall be]

shall from henceforth adopt, in all respells, rules, orders, and regulations, and comply with all the requisites if

the said at; and that our workhouse [if there is one] Shall be immediately fitted up and accommodated for the purposes in tit

said act. [If there is none] We will forthwith provide a prefer workbouse, either by erciting a new one, or hiring, altering, aol sitting tip buildings suitable to the at some convenient pleu

within our parish, C And we recommend to the confidential tf the justices and as fit and proper perfens sir

guardians of the poor; and and

as fit and proper per font for governors of the poor house, for tbt soil parish, township, (Ac. [as the case shall be].

Given under our hands, tdc.

No. II J

FORM of CONSENT and APPROBATION of the justica

1

WE A. B. and C D. esquires, two of his Majesty's ju/lta of the peace for the county, left, of [i

the case (nail be] considering the parish or township, £*. of

within the said county, (etc. to be of magnitude fifi event to have a workhouse provided within it for the reception on employment of the poor, and to adopt the provifiom of the ofl (ft the better relief and employment of the poor) passed in the two tyfeeond year of the reign of King George the Thirds do bertkjgik our approbation and consent thereto, pursuant to the direflions of tk said act 5 and we do also agree to the salaries fixed by the food opto ment to be paid to the guardian and governor

Given under our bands this

dqyefi

N

1752.] Anno vicesimo fecuridd georgii ftl. C 8*

m

No. III

FORM of AGREEMENT, at the public meeting, for two or more parishes, townships, or places, to unite in adopting the provisions of the ad, made in the twenty second year of King George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poor

IT is agreed, at a public meeting duly held this

Joy of at in tbt county of

furjumt to tbt direflions of the said ail. That the porijb [or town fiip\of [as the case shall be] from

forth, in conjunction with the parishes or townships of end [as the Case (hill be] adopt in all respects the

provisionsy rules orders and regulations and comply with ell the reqmfites prescribed by the said act for parishes uniting for those purposes 5 and that a convenient workhouse, and other buildings and northeast teffarj conveniences Shall be immediately provided at or near and properly fitted up and accommodated for the purposes mentioned in the aid ad: and we recommend to the consideration of tbejufijets of the limit wherein such workhouse will be situate A. B., C D., and E. F., as fit and proper fierfons qualified for guardians of the poor; and G. H., 1. K., and L M., as fitpersons to be.governors of the poor house for the said parish [or, township* as the case shall be]; and do agree to allow the person who Shall be appointed guardian a alary of per annum for his trouble in executing

that officej and to the person who Shall be appointed governor of the poor house a salary of for his trosible in executing

that office.

No. IV

FORM of AGREEMENT for uniting the parifties [or town ships, as the case Shall be] of A, B, C and D, for the purpose of providing a house or houses, and the better maintaining and employing their poor, pursuant to the statute of the twenty second year of King George the Third.

IT is agreed this day of by and

between the guardians of the poor of the parishes of and and of the townships of

and in the county of (which

maintain their own poor separate and distinct from the other parts of their respective parishes) whose names are hereunto subscribed* pur fisont to the opinion of two third parts in number and value as aforesaid of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements and hereditaments* qjfeffed to the poor's rates within such respective parishes and townships, at meetings duly held for that purpose qualified according to the directions of the act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third and with the approbation of A. B. and C D. twojufiices of the peace according to the directions of the said act That the aid respective parishes and townships Shall Vol. xxxiv N be

i

Anno vlccgmo fecuodo Georgii III e. 63. [17824

be united for the better maintaining and employing their poor j and that a convenient house or boufs, with proper buildings and accommodations thereto, and with land fit for gardens, orchards, and the keeping of a cow or cows, shall be built, [purchased, or hired, as shall be found most suitable] at or year for the

reception and accommodation of the poor, as Jeon as conveniently may be, and If hired, the same ball be rented upon fieth terms as Shall be agreed upon between the guardians of the poor of the said several parishes and townships, or the major part of them, and the perfossor persons owning or being authorised to let such buildings, lands, and prewifes j but no such agreement shall be made for a longer term than twenty-one years, unlejs the guardian or guardians shall have an option to vacate it at the end of that term, on giving twelve months notice in writing of his or their intentions so tp do, nor for a fborter term than three years; and such houses shall be fitted ut and mode convenient for the purposes aforesaid, at the expense of the landlords, [or tenants, as shall be agreed between them]: that the rents of the said houses, the expenses of sitting up, making additions 'or aiterations, [where they shall be agreed to be paid by the tenants], and of the furniture thereof, and also the utensils and materials to be used for the purpose of employing the poor, and the wages and allowances'to be paid to the governor of the house, shall be paid by the said several guardians in their due proportions, according to the amount of the money raised by the poors rates for their several parishes and townships, in refipeh of their poor, on a medium of three years preceding such agreement \ and that such proportion shall be ascertain/d by and whops we have nominated

for that purpose, and shall be paid by the guardians of the peer of the said respective parishes and townships, to the persan who shall be authorised to receive the same, within seven days after the same shall be so aftertained \ and that the money earned by the labour of such poor shall be brought to the credit of that account at the cud of every year: that the expenses of victuals, beer, and firing, for the poor and the governor, [and for the afjijlants, when any shall be - found necessary] in every such house or houses, with all other fmdl incidental expenses, shall be proportioned, at the end of every month, according to the number of poor which hall be sent from each of the said respective parishes, townships, and places, and for the time they shall have resided there within such month: that the guardians of the poor of any of the said parishes, townships, cr places, shall be at liberty to withdraw from this agreement at the end of the first thru years, or any succeeding three years, on giving twelve months notice f Jucb their intention, if it shall be so determined by three fourth parts of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, assessei to the poor's rates, and qualified as aforesaid, at a publui meeting, summoned by due notice as aforesaid, specifying the ouajm if such meeting j and in such case, they Shall receive one half of tbttr due proportion, to be ascertained by the persons above named, or such qther. persons as the parties Shall agree upon for that purpose, of the value of the furniture, fiock, utensils, and implements, then remaining at jufb poor house, afttr paying their proportion of the rent, and o of

j7$2.] Arin6 viteflmo fecilndo ge6l&il III C 83.

if tit Jahries lb tf&governor and other officers, to the end of the then gntoing year: and that the guardians "df the poor of^eacb parish, tevmflup, and pike, ball provide Maple and convenient loathing ftr the poor .> to be fens to the said house or houses, from their rtf pec live tar i/bes, totonjhrps, or plates', and charge the ex peaces thereof in their account?. Jhd we recommend to the justices of tie limit when such house is to be fttuated, A. B, C D., arid E. FAS persons duly qualified for the office of vifttor of the said poor house, ond I. K., L M., and N. O., as ptrfons duly qualified for the of fa of governor of the said poor house.

Wt, A. B. and C D. the justices of peact ken — timed in thi within written agreement, do hereby give our approbation to the parishes ond places herein named being united for the^fterpofes of the act within mentioned. fpitnsfs our bands, this day

'f

No. V

FORM of ENTRY to be made by the clerk of the peace or town clerk.

BE it remembered That on the day of

A. B. depojited in my hands a copy of the agreement made between the churchwardens and overfars of the poor of the parishes or twnfhipi of and [aa^th'e qafe

shall be] in the eoanty, tjfc. [39 the case shall be] of sir uniting in hhing, pur chasing, or building houses, at or near in the said county, C and providing for the mntenance and employment of a certain description of poor persons Mending to the said parishes, townships, and places, pursuant to the statute made in the twenty second year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third.

No. VI

FORM of a NOTICE for the meeting.

NOTICE is hereby given. That a public meeting, to consult the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, % ftfed after the rate of five pounds per annum, about hiring, pilr ttyjing, or building [as the case shall be] a house or houses, ond providing for the maintenance and employment of the poor, pursuant 7* the statute of the twenty second year of George the Third, will be 'idiot the day of at

ia the forenoon.

No. VII

FORM of APPOINTMENT of a guardian.

I WE A. B. ajii C D. two of bit of peace for

lb aunty of afling for the 6v.

^

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83. [1782.

of'in the foid entity, hereby appoint E. F.

of to execute the office of guardian of the poor fer

the parish, tic. of within the said hundred, tie.

for one year, to he computed from to be

has been recommended at a public meeting held the day of pursuant to the directions of the ad in the twenty feiond year of the reign of his mojefy Tung George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poor.

Given under our bands, this day of

[The like form for visitor, only varying the description of the office, and when appointed for united parishes, he. name them.]

[The like form for appointing a governor and treasurer, only varying that of a treasurer, by adding, to be has been recommended by the guardians.]

No. VIII

FORM of a DRAUGHT by the guardian on the churchwarden or overseer appointed to collect the poor's rates.

To A. B. collector of the poor's rates of the parish township] of [as the be.]

YOU are hereby authorised and directed to pay to C D. the fun of for [here deferibe the occasion of the

payment, whether for house rent, clothing, or for relief of poor persons, tic. tic. as the case shall be] and tale his receipt for the same, which will be your discharge for such payment. Doted this day of

E. F.

Guardian of the poor for tit porijk [or township] aforesaid.

No. IX

FORM of APPOINTMENT of a deputy visitor.

I A. B. t 'iftor of the poor and poor house for the barish, townjbifu

tic. of [or for the united pari/b$l

townships, tic. of and ]

the county of do hereby nominate and appoint C D.

to be my deputy visitor and offiflanduring my will and & pursuant to the power given to me by an act, in the twenty Jtcond year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, tuled. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor), and authorise him to discharge the duty rejuired

Witness my hand,

N

1782.j Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83.

No. X

FORM of certificate of serving the office of visitor.

I A. B. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, stc.

[as the ca/c shall biej of do hereby certify,

That C D. of in the said county, bath been

appointed to, and is now serving, the office of visitor of the poor for the parish or township of [or for the parishes

and townships of ] in the said county, [as

the case shall be] pursuant to the direction of the ad passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his majstiy King George the Third.

Dated this day of

No. XI

FORM of SECURITY for money borrowed.

BY virtue of an act, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his majesty King George the Thirds (entitled, An aeft for the better relief and employment of the poor), we A. B. visitor, and C D. guardian of the poor, for the parish [or township, as the case shall be] of E, in the county, city, fcfc. of in

cwfiieration of the sum of to us in hand paid by

for the purpose of pur chasing, building, trisling, repairing, sitting up, or furnishing, cas the case shall be] a convenient house, buildings, and offices, for the recep- um, accommodation, and employment of the poor of the said parish or tawn/hip, and for providing suitable flock and utensils for that purpose, do hereby charge the poor's rates to be hereafter made, and the jeviral sums of money to be raised thereupon, within the said parish [or township, as the case shall be] with the payment of the said principal sum, and interest after the rate of per

centum per annum, half yearly as the same shall become due.

No. XII

FORM of ORDER for admission of paupers.

To the governor of the poor house at E.

YOU are hereby ordered and required to receive A. B. [deferibe his or her age, and whether married or single] a poor person belonging to the parish [or township, as the case shall be] 9f in the county of D. into the poor house at E.

end to accommodate and provide for such person in a proper manner according to the rules and oflablijbmeut of the said house.

Given under my hand, this day of

H. G.

Visitor [or guardian as the case shall be.]

H'j

No.

Anno vicesimo Jecuado Georgii III c.gj. [1782,

No. xm.

FORM of the JUSTICE'S dirctfion to excuse the badge.

I A. B. a justice of peace for the county [riding, division, C^care shall be] of'having received prof

Upon oath before me, that C D. a poor p'trfon receiving weekly re lies from the parish [townfaip, cas the case shall be] of

in the tontif cof is a person of very

decent and orderly behaviour, do hereby dire ft the guardian [or overseer, if no guardian] of the poor for the said parifa, fafr. to omit putting the badge upon the ccat [or gown, if a female] of the said CD and to excuse his [or her] wearing the same, as long as hi [or fat ] fa ill continue to behave orderly and decently.

Dated this day of

No. XIV

t

FORM of the transfer of the security for the money gdvatyce^*

I Do transfer this security, with all my right and title te tbt phn* cipal money hereby, facured, and to ail the interest mom due, on hereafter to be due, unto crd. his executors, admmijtraurs, and assigns. Dated this ioy tf - -

A,

, E. F!

'. XV*... - V

MODE of adjusting tfte fitft account mentioned in the are ' klpe6ting utelifils, .materials, furniture, rent,

LET it be supposed that the parifats .or townships of A. B. C

and D. have agreed to be united under, the authority of the city and that E. and F. are the per fans named in the agreement asarid* trators, or referees, to settle and adptjd the proportions ufaieh each parifa or place is to pay.

It will be necessary for E. and F. at their sir fa meeting, to call upon the officers of every such parifa, township, or place, for their ojfeff ments and accounts, in order te Jee what they have patd te theit poor, on a medium of three years preceding the agreement; who are required by the act to produce them, under a penalty for refusal:

: the arbitrators have got theft materials, it will be neclffaff te faparate and deduct every matter which does not relate te the potty far inflame, money paid to the county rates, or far the expends of the conjlilbuy. heodboreugh, or militia, which are all now included in the ppor'i rotes; and, as same of theft parifats may have bad expends occasioned by litigations about settlements and removals, and others may not, they faould exdude all such expenses .in the account.

When the accounts tavk been Jo inspected and examined and the proper ieduftms madey they may be supposed Jo appear:

That

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83.

-. 6s 7 6

for the second year - -87 2 o

or third year - - 105 o q

Making together 25796

11 "T

Atbtrd'part of which sum (being a.'s medium), will be 85 16 6 Let be payments be calculated in the same manner, supposed to amount, on, the medium of three yearsy to - - 110 0 o

- - - - 97 o o

i&'s dj* -*- - - o o

*

b total amount of the annual payments will be - 452 16 6

Suppoft the month's expenses paid by the feverql parishes under the above heads, according to the directions of ihe a Should amount to £. 300, the question will be, If £. 432: 16: 6, (the total medium tf all the parishes)y require £. 300, what will £. 85: 16: 6 require? When that Jhdlt be worked by the fule of three, multiplying the third number by the second, and dividing it when so multiplied by

the first 1 the atifwer will be'';

a.'s proportion amounts to 5995

bs proportion, when worked in the same manner,

will be - - - 76 5 O

c.'s ditto - - - 67 4 7

d/s - - - - 97 1 o

Making together the whole sum expended. - - 300 o o

When those medium sums Jbatt be settled and proportioned at their first meeting, .there will be no occasion to repeat that trouble afterwards y as the first sum will be the same on all future calculations; and to prevent trouble in adjufiing the proportions at every monthly meeting, at every poor boufey soon after the first medium proportions (boll be so aftertained, there Shall be a table fixed, calculating the proportions of each parishy township, or place y to any given jumy from the Jmalleft to the great eft y that is likely to be expended in that dsftrift within the month \ which will make every account clear and easy to the mantft understandingy and will be liquidated in an instant.

No. XVI

Mode of adjusting the second account mentioned in the act, respecting the vidtuals, beer, firing, and other necessaries.

AS soon as the agreement is made for uniting several parishes y C

the guardians Shall meet and conftder what will be a proper weekly sum to be 'paid into the hands of the treasurer for every perfm admitted into the poor housey estimatmg it as near as they tan to the probable expense of maintaining them 5 tie guardians ftnuld pay to the N 4'treasurer

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83. [1782.

treasurery at every monthly meeting, what Shall be due for every pub person, upon that calculation, for she time he has been kept there in*the month preceding \ and, in order to avoid f rations, if any person Shall have been there four days, or more, tn any of the weeks, it Should be conftdered as a full week, and if left than four days, no eharge Should be made for it: that in order to avoid difficulties in adjufiing the account, a table Should be provided, ; /7 manner as

before y and fixed up in the house, with proper columns for the number of persons, toe number of weeks, and the total amount, according to the weekly sum so agreed upon; by which that account will likewi/t be settled without the leafi trouble or difficulty.

The fever a I monthly sums paid by each parish cn this ftcond amount and alj'o the gross fumsy Should be entered in the treasurers books t and at the end of the ye tit Should be computed whether the payments by the several parishes have amounted to moret or left, than the sum expended y if to morcy the guardian of each parish Should receive if so lefsy he Should pay his proportion thereof to the treasurery to be cons puted according to the first account, as dire fled by the ail.

RULES, ORDERS, BYE LAWS, and REGULATIONS, to be observed and enforced at every POOR HOUSE to be provided and established under the authority of the act of the twenty second year of King George the Third.

First. f PHAT the several persons who Shall be sent to any futb X poor houjey who are capable of doing any worky Shall be employed by the governor in some labour which may be befi Jutted U their firength and capacity.

Second. That the' governor Shall take particular care to keep the said boitfe, and the several apartments thereiny and also the several 'persons who Shall inhabit the same, clean and wholesome; for that purpoje be Shall employ such of the said poor persons who Shall be sent thither y whom he Shall think mofi able and beji qualified for the offices, to ajfiff him thereiny and also in the providing and dr effing victuals for the use of such poor persons; and if any such poor person Shall refuse or neglect to perform the work or labour in which he dr Jhe Shall be so employ edy or shall be directed to do by the governor. every such person Shall be punished by confinement, or alteration of diet, in such manner as the governor Shall direct; and for a second offence of the like forty complaint thereof Shall be made to some justice of the peace for the limit, who, on conviction, Shall commit such person to hp heuse of correction for any time not exceeding two calendar months nor less than one calendar month.

Third. That the apartments in the house or houses to bf provided as aforesaid, Shall be adapted so as to accommodate the poor who fall be sent thither in the bcjl manner they are capable. — flat the governor Shall place in the best apartments such poor persons who, having peen creditable housekeepers arc reduced by misfortune, n (re? w " 1 '' ferentf

1782, ] Ahno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 83j

fcrcnce to tboft who are becdme poor by vice and idleness \ that Jeparett apartments Shall be provided for the reception of the fid and tempered poor, and an apothecary or surgeon to be sent for to attend tom when tbire Shall appear necessity far it, at the expense of the porijb or place to which such poor per font belong.

Fourth. That such poor persons who art able to work, Shall bo coded up by ring of bell, and fet to work by six in the morning from ladyday to Michaelmas, and by eight from Michaelmas to ladyday \ continue until four in the afternoon from michael mat to ladyday, and from ladyday to Michaelmas till six in tie afternoon (meal times and times for reasonable recreation except ti); and if any such poor person Shall refuse or neglefi to do such mi as Shall be allotted him or her, or wilfully spoil the same, or de pert from such house without leave from the governor, or Shall be guilty ef any disorder or dijobedience to these rules and orders, the

Server Shall reprove such person for the same, andpunishhim or by confinement or alteration of diet, as the said governor Shall M fit; and if such person Shall be guilty of the like off true a fe cml time, the governor Shall complain thereof to the yifitor of such beuse, who is hereby authorised to order the pumjhment of confine wnt to be increased to such degree as be Shall think fit.

Fifth. That the governor Shall enter in a book to be kept by him, 00 account of the household goods, linen, furniture, and utensils prowled for the said house; and also an account of the materials bought for manufacture, and of the goods manufactured there \ which shall it laid before the guardians at their monthly meeting, and before the vijitor whenever he comes to such house.

Sixth. That the governor Shall visit the several persons maintained in such house or houses, and their apartments, once at leafi in every lay and Shall take care that there is no waste of fire, candles, or frovi/ms \ and Shall see that the fires and candles are put out at the hours fixed for such persons going to bed, which Shall be at eight of tit dock between Michaelmas and ladyday, and nine between ladyday and Michaelmas.

Seventh. That when any person Shall die in the house, the governor boll take care that the body of such person be immediately removed into fmftparate apartment, and be decently buried, as soon as conveniently maybe; and also take care of the deaths and goods of such person end deliver them to the guardian of the poor of the parish or place tq which such person did belong, who is to pay tie charges of the funeral of fiub poor person.

Eighth. That no poor person bo permitted to go out of the poor house, nor any person permitted to come into such house or houses, except the persons maintained and employed there, without the permijfion of the governor; and that no spirituous liquors be permitted to hi Irani in such house or houses \ that no other liquors Shall be brought thither, without the permijfion of the said governor.

Ninth. That the rules, orders, and bylaws Shall be publicity road b tty governor to all the poor persons kept in fiub house or houses9 m at leafi in every month.

Tenth,

iu

, a8ts> vicesimo fecuadogcofton illy C 84. [178-2.

'- Tenth; fjs<at ati tbeptv prfuts Mr it churchy jbauatund.

divikr ftrvice retry sunwy.< /

Ekwrtth. That tbt gvymttrftall dismiss from the ptsr beqfts vtnributfk, tvery ptrfan tohi fieth, tbt ef that guardian r

guardians, it thought iotpetptrtt tontitu* itngartbtrt, and

trdtr from bmoribtm jar that purptft.

V u'''-. V^.

; C a p: LXXXIV

; , J. \ \ \.

An t tatttfr pfcvirtg clcpn6nr^ and lighting, p^rt f the ppiii d

Saint Georgs Hanover Square, in tbt county d middjesex, and suck part of okfijond street as lies within the pan/n of Saint James, in the md^oqntjrv nd for removing and preventing nuisances and annoys*aiitfesilhtiwib.

of X Geo. y C i. 3, 4, 5, 6, <xndrigeo. 3# And that the greatest part of thej>an(h of Saint George was paved, whereby a debt was incurred of'mdre than 40, 000!. pointer a, so far as they relate to Same georgsyparfoi, hna to such partofow bond ftrmt (sites in the parisi of s&jittjavnet, (except a a&ectatnlioocd) repewted\ Fwwn Jonh*4, 17*1, the power of ptvingvcteaostag, and fighting the said parish and ffreet aforesaid, vested Hr the rc&of, churchwardens apd veltrymen for the time being; who may'appoint a committee to meet yearly the fecund Thursday in February betwofejhfb and*o'clock tbribn a committee of tt; 4 «u&of each .ward ai: 4 ootwf bommkwtt. Qualification of committee men viool. real oc perfoqsl, or both together, penalty oa acting snot qualified iodj. Proceedings of the committee to be entered u bookstand may bete?din evidence. Books may be infpofted by the rector churchwardtns*nd vestrymen, or their Clerk. Committee to meet in 14 days after they arc chosen*after asoften artbey fiudl think fit, and three to be a quorum; and if no adjournment, to be eight days notice of fbe next meeting. Committee to pay their expencci. NP a tojbe valid onlefi made at meetings, C AH acts done by the major part present at lueettngi ofilid.*Oommittee may appoint officer, and allow them fila qiscrrv to atcount upon oath quaiterly. Penalty on default, 101. god atfion may be brought for the balance, and penalty in the name off Avep. committee men, or their clerk, or the balance may be levied by dfrtrcfs, On failure, of distress, offender to be committed till payment. Cbmmkteft may>rt*nove snrityadcet; and levy the expexcei from the owners or occupiers. Committee may make comrafib for paving, cam cpntra&s to be made been Fab as, and June. Scavenger to cpn tract. Committee may enforce the performance of former as well as new £ontractc. Former contracts to continue in force, and arrears to be collided. Works to be vnfpetted, and on nonperformance of contracts, actions may be brought for recovery of the penalties. Committee may com

fund with per foes for breach of contrails. Inhabitants to give notice the surveyors when paveokjtts want repairs, who shall insped the same, rfre pavements complained of are found defective, the committee to direst the same to be repaired. Pavements, C veited in the committee; who my fit or othtrwifcdilpoft of the old materials, and may hire a p^ece of ground for deporting the materials. Penaky on per tonnes taking or Healing the materials, or breaking, or damaging the same, subject to aftfon or indictment; and for the firn offence not more than 40 s. nor less than 1© 1. for the second, or other offence, not more than jl. nor left thanq*«r Perfoos raking witharon between the Hemes, or injuring pavements, to forfeit 5 s. Penalties may be levied by did refs, or offender committed for a month. Names of ftpeeta to be put up, and houses nmaker ed. Scavengers to attend once every week, and gq into houses, C #rbere^aff is kept, and give notice by a beh 1 on neglect to forfeit 5 s. Penalty on any person carrying away cinder b ajhe0taot> being the so vtnger, 10 s. Penalty on the owner of the cart in which such cinders or

aihei

1782.3 Anno vletsimo fcaihdo' Georgii III Gift.'

allies shall be carried, let. Committee ins powered to make raws for tie purposes of the act*not exceeding i a. sd.uperpoaad OU the paved ftroetft, and ion the tidpaved streets. The rates not to e*cfe<t former rates, although a sew valuation be made. hanoversquare may beaflsfled at any Aim not exceeding*i 6 d. in the pound For embellifbvng the garden to Hanover Square and watering the square, an additional rate thebe of id. in the pound. For preventing annoyance in Hanover d^uare, by beating carpel slaying dirt, cor hackney coaches standing, or driving car ring«* for breaking or selling horse, riding horses for exertife, to for jeir io. Accounts relating to Old and New bond streete* and Btenhewi ireet* to be kept separate and the money anting in those ttreets to be applied therein only. None of die knaacyiavifing in any other part of the parish to be subject to the payment of the money doe Qn account of Old er New bond dreet, Blenheim ttmeet*.or stafford ifreet. w Additional rates my be raised in those streets. Houses hereafter to be rbuitf to berated. Eapty houses to be rated at one half the rates levied ottshe ref of the panflk Fublfdt; buildings and dead walls not to be rated: at more than U tathc pound. If the committee negteft to make raths, the wetry my do it. Commencement of the rates March 15, it, pnyabte qswr sniy. Tenants and occupiers of separate apartments made liable to pay the rates and authorised to deduct the same out of their rfwts.*Rates for houses of ambaftadors to be paid by the landlords Kates may be levied by distressed sad fate of goods in five>dayt, by warrant from two juf tkes. cohe&ors ixnpowered to collect arrears of former rates, and the application thereof directed to be in discharge of debts incurred' before Juse 14, 178s. Appeal allowed to the committee, the vestry, ad the quarter session agamflr the rates; cohe&ors to pay the monty ibttfoed lot banker, to be appointed by the committee. On death nr bahkimmcy ofcpllsden, C fepresentarives Co pay money remaining inrtrlrhiwds to the banker. Banker to pay mortis drawn upon hbnyand clehc to keep resents, wtocb mny'bean(peaed»by the>vsftry. tfd. in the pk>and of mb /ates to be applied so payment ofwteceft, and in difctiarging the debt; sad the rensaihdegi hi' the first place, in defraying the other expense of the ad, and afterward m discharging the debt, if the fond for difetjarg ing the debt (half not amount td 500 L in any year, an additional rate, uot exceeding id. in the pound, may be laid. Creditors to be paid off bp httob Notice to be given to the persons whose bonds are to be paid off. Money in: the Writ to be traasteered to the committee, add to be applied ikdjfcbargsngtbe debt. throommiitioners tty account with the committee relative to the optional streets within two months after pfcffing the act, .and to pay eto^alance in three months. newfetitrititi for toms of tool, each may to given inftexd of present feenrities for larger ferns. Formof securityt

BY virteeof an act of pnriismefct, made in the twenty fdcond year of the reign of his majerfty King George the Third, entitled [insert the title of the act] wethereftor, churchwardens, and veftrynaen of the hid patish, do hereby a/fign to A. B. his executors, adminftstrators, and in contideration of the sum of one hundred pounds by him paid to from this day of

in the year of our Lord until the

laid Ann ofone hundred pounds, wish interest at the rate of

per annum, shall be paid, such proportion the rates or tfltflmenti, to be rated or assessed by virtue of the said act, for the purpose of discharging moneys due and owing on the credit ot such rates or dfeffments, as the said sum of one hundred pounds shall bear to the whole fan bow doe and owing on the credit of the same rates or affeflinents.

kcaritfei may be transferred in the following form, viz.

T Do transfer this assignment, with all my right and title to the principal A and interest thftrsby fecared, unto C JD. his executors, admimltrators, adassigns. In witness whereof 1 haws hereunto fet my hand, this

day of*AB.

Witnefi J.F. Power

t

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 84. (.178

Power to borrow money at a lower interest, to discharge securities, interest. Committee to state accounts to the vestry twice a ye at ladyday and Michael mas, or in a month after. Poor's rates may jnfpe&ed by an order from the committee Vestrymen may prevent t paaage of carriages in maddox street and mill street during divine fen on Sundays and holidays. Penalty on persons occasioning annoyance*' carriages.in the streets 5s. and hories, Scc. may be seized See, Pena on persons occasioning other annoyances, and not removing the same, and not lese than sand materials, C may be seized. Penalty if ( noyances are continued after notice for their removal, toe. for every j fence. No hoards to be erected without licence from the surveyor*grant the same on application. Hoards to be made agreeable to j licence, under a penalty for every twelve hours sos. and not lese than; Materials may be seized, and if the penalty is not paid in five days may iold* ffenalty on sifting lime, except in the hoards, 40 s. Penalty I driving carriages, con the foot pavements, xos. for the first offefl so a. for the second offence, and 40 s. for the third, or other offence, i fur default of payment offender may be committed for ten days, and i left than three days. Scavengers not to sweep dirt into common few See, on penalty or 10s. one moiety to the person who apprehends the, fender, and on nonpayment the offender to be committed to hard labs for a month, and not lese than seven days Directing the'times for emp ing bogbouses, and laying the soil, between twelve o'clock at night 4 five in the morning from Michaelmas toxady day, and rill four in I morning the other half year the offender may be committed to b labour for a month, ana not lese than ten days, and the committee m reward the apprehender with not more than sos. to be paid out of t rates If water*pipes belonging to water companies shall burst, the see and the pavement opened on account thereof, to be repaired by their p vior on notice given Penalty on default 5i. On the bursting of water pipes not belonging to water companies, the same, and the pavement .opened on account thereof, to be repaired, under a penalty for default 51. For relaying the pavement in a certain time after being taken of for the purpose of amending the pipes. Sec, two days after noriee, and if it fails m four months to be repaired on two days notice. If no pavior to the water company, the notice to be given to their derk* On default, northeast gucf, or refulai to repair the water pipes, and the pavement opened os account theieof, the committee to cause it to be done, and may recover the expeace from the company, or person who fitall have negtoftted or refuted. Commissioners of sewers to repair drains, Stc. or the committee may cause the same to be done. Expenoe to be paid by commiftoneri of fewer. The committee impoweredf to act as commissionen of seven. Streets, Sec. part of which are in Saint George's parish, and part in as adjoining parish, to be paved, cas usual Committee obtaining a verdict, defendant to pay treble Costs. No action to abate on the death or removal of the clerk. Expenses of the act to be paid out of the money arising by virtue thereof. Writings to be without stamps. dtrechsg the recovery and application of penalties by distress, on warrant of two juf tkes, and fele of goods, or in default the party may be committed to tbs house of correction for two months, or till penalty paid to the banker. Inhabitants to be allowed to give evidence. Justices to proceed for conviction of offenders, according to this form of conviction, viz.

City nd libtry f West minder, twit.

BE

it remembered, That on the

of

reign of his Majesty before

iij

in the year of the

A. B. is confided of his Mtjcfty's jufficci of the peace for the said city and liberty, by virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, [Here set forth the title of the and (pecify the offence and tbf time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be.]

Given under pur hfnds and feali, the day and year afaeftkl

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 85.

Wbeft not deemed unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be (jotted for want of form. See. Plaintiff fbafl not recover if fuffirient a mods tendered before action be brought. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fcffions. Placet exempted out of this act, viz. Berkeley Sooare, Grosvenor Square, and tito streets adjoining, directed to be paved, te. by 6 Geo. 3. C 54. or by 14 Geo. 3. C 51 that part of Piccadilly, from clerges street to Hyde Park corner, and from the Sooth end of park lane to the north end of hertford street, and all the parish of Saint George, under any turnpike aft) or which hath not been rated by the parochial committee, (except Old Bond Street, New Bond Street, blcto bria Street, and part of Stafford Street) Streets, C belonging to pa beet exempted. That Mr. pitt's house and courts yard shall for the fu. tore be rated to Saint george's paruh. Inhabitants charged under this act to be exempted from the office of scavenger, and the hanging out lights, and returns of annoyance jurors on account of defective pavements, See. And acts of m and 3 Will. and Mary, and 19 Geo. ». and all other acts. To far as they rtlate to those matters, within the limit of this act, repealed. The proportion of the falariet of the officers to the com miffiooers for the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, from the 15th of Jane next to cease, and not to be charged to any other parish j but the committee under this act to pay their proportion of the commissioners expellees, for two years from the same time, so long as the other parishes are habile thereto. Limitation of actions not till after*1 days notice to the vetry or clerk, nor after six months, and to be laid in Middlesex. The defendant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and have treble costs. To be a public act.

CAP. LXXXV

An act for the improvement of Portman Square, within the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex.

Reciting that the hon. William Portman, being seized of Portman Square, did demise the buildings, See. to William Baker, for years which will ex pue at Lady, ><63 j and by tbeleafes a rent of 3*1. ns. id. per annum vas provided for lighting, painting, and repairing the enclosed part, which having been enlarged, the said rent was not sufficient therefore. Boo. William Portman, his heirs and assigns; Peter William Baker, 'his executors, administrators, and assigns; and John Elwes, esquires, together with all the occupiers or inhabitants appointed trustees, who are to aieet as they think proper, on seven days notice. Women inhabitants may sft is trustees by proxy of any other trustee. Tntftees may appoint officers; and allow them salaries. Three trustees to be a quorum. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Power of fencing and embelliqiing the garden veiled in trustees. Nothing in the act shall alter the inheritance of the garden. Materials veiled in trustees. Penalty on damaging the iron rads, lamps, dec. for the first offence 40s. and not Ilfs than tos. for the fe cosd, or other offence, 3i. and not left than sos. and also to make fa ttfsftion for damages. For preventing annoyances, by laying dirt, landing with hackney coach or riding horses, Sec. to forfeit sos. Rates, C for the several purposes of the act twice, or oftener, every year, up oq all inhabitants of houses and premises built, or to be built, encompalt ing or abutting upon the said fqoare, and also of all houses built, or to be bmtt, in the four angles or corners of the several streets leading into the fcadkjoare, not to exceed 6d. in the pound per annum. Empty houses to bt exemptecttrota tyre rate during their being unoccupied. Houses let to ambassadors shall be paid by the proprietors, or the first, or other te fiaat, to be deducted out of rent. Premises within the limits of the act, which are rated jointly with others, may be rated in proportion. Appeal to quarter sessions. Lessees, See. subject to the payment of rates of houset let to lodgers. Persons occupying separate apartments liable to pay rates, who may deduct the same from their next rent. Persons removing, and others (oocteduig them, to pay due proportions, to be settled by two

juftiesn.

m

Anna rjcfsimo gporfinul c^86. [ 17^*.

{oitices* Commencement ofthq from the a#tb w June, 171*! the first payment to be on the sqfcb of September, ad rates payable 41 terly. Peter William Baker, esq j to pay the balance of the airnoal r and afterwards the wh«>te of the rent, to the troa furcr of (be trusteetf. stall be difrlurged from ufea thereof ^bf the tetd tab. Trustcos rmmy borrow not more than i, qcol. on annuities payable half pearly. To law deemed personal estate, and not lubjeft to twees; or may borrow the f at interest, if they think fit; and may align the rater as a bounty tice tq Ije given previous to raifingof money, ibqitfl*n days in the f Qaactte, or other newlpapsr. setwrttk* to be Cttpred inboobs, of rates if refuied or negte&ed to bo paid, or that the party re sells their goods to be recovered by diftrtfr aside? entrant of two j and sold ip five days Treasurer and collector toaoeowat. Penalty 1 default 5 f, and Aibjcft to action. Money paid by the tresaevr^o be tered in a book. Ex pence of this act to be paid oat of the ftrft annoy raised. Writings may be without damps. Psnafciee and forfeitures trhm recovered by daftrefc, under warrant of a justice, and (ajeofgoodai tole

applied for the pnrpofes of this act; and in default the offeadtr may bo

hmnonl

committed for a month, and not left than seven days, if not paid not to be deemed unlawful for want of forok Proceeding not to

quashed far want of form, or be removed by Certiorari. Perione segsatv* yd may appeal to the quarter feffioru; giving ten day notice Lxnit« lion of actions, mot till twenty one days notice to the clerk, or after threw

months Defendant may plead xthe general ifluo, and have treble eadt. Tb not tq affect any other act relative to the parish of Maryboae, and to be a public act.

CAP. LXXXVI

An act for explaining and amending two acts, one made in the elwvewtb,

and the other in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for paving certain streets in the parishes of Saint John of Wapping, and Saint George in the county of Middlesex, and lor other pui^oses; and for extending the provisions of the said act to other parts of the said parishes, and allb for opening certain communications within the said pa rids of Saint George.

I

Recital of1 Geo. j. C IX and 17 Geo. j C % % . Red Lion Street mid Queen's Head Alley, and the several other streets. See. in the paridf of 8t. John of Wapping, made or to be opened (except tbofo paved by the lad ad) and lo much of Wapping High Street as lies in the parish of St. George, and of St. Paul, Shad well, and so much of Old Gravel Lane as lies in the said parish of St. George, so far as the messuages, Sec. adjoining the said streets, See extend, and also the several streets, See. to be opened by an act; of this ftflion, cap. 35. to be the district of the coinmuhoners under the hr ft recited act; and all the streets. See. in the parish of St. George, and those lying on the east side of Old Gravel Lane, and also the streets C to be opened by IX Geo. 3. C 13. and to the extent of the rneffuagwe, dec. in or adjoining the same, to be the district of the comniftioners under the second recited act. Two undivided third parts of tenements in wap png High Street, in the pariftx of St. George, to be in Wap ping district, the remaining third part in St. George's district. Messuages, C lying behind those pulled down, or built in their room, to be in the district where the others Hood. Powers of former as extended to this act. Power to anile money as directed by former acts. Streets, dec. to be paved, viz. ta the first district so muoh of Nightingale Lane at lies in St. John's, Wap ping, Church Street, Upper Gun Alley, Upper Weil Alley, and the ftmetl .to be opened by cap. 35. of this feftian; and in the other district, hutterfs Court, King Street, Charles Street, Ratcliff Street, west side of Blue Gate Tields, Prulbn's hund, Ship Street, Gould Street, Silver Street, Beall .Street, prir.ce* Street, Fawften Fields, the avenue of Old Gravel Lane, Harrow Alley. Old Starch Yard, Seven Star Alley, Star and Garter Yard,

ficnmaifc Sttcct* 2kct»'& stfxfif, Bed Strop and Bed Alley Raters e

made

Awe vidcfiroo secundo Georgii III. c.67.

made hr paving street, Ac. Annuities at iol. par cent, par ann. ?| the first diftris to raifc 3, 4001. in (be other diilrid 7, tool. An account to be kept in each district. Only 6d. in the pound for footways. Waste Unde. C belonging to the city of London, or Chris's* Bridewell, and St. thomas's hoipitau not to be afieffid without the content of the go Tenors. Accounts for new d Ari to be kept fe par ate. No other ftreefti to he paved, but by the petition of two thirds of the houfohqlders* landu lords, or owners. Sue petition to be signed by tenants in 'pofltffioa for life or years, or agents of bodies corporate faftkienu Gommi (Owens ad tog under 17 Geo. 3. C.empowered to raise money for paying the ean cooes ef parang Red Lion Street, .and..qjm#n's Head Alley. Rates to land charged on messuages and goods found therein. No tenant's gooda to be fobird tn Teles for any longer term than be ha occupied tb tufa. Notice of appeals in writing to .he read in and Asad on church doors three dayw before, hearing complaints. Rates to be recovered against tenant or tandiffrfi by aluon* atwcftmioacr, nr no.iofetk>r court, if fos.or upward and if under, in the court of #equefts* Uurb code, in the me of the collc£k*v or other per fan; the caraihififtentf*dballappoint, Nd action to be brought again ihfroollfdor but in the court of reqweft*, unlstefsr 40 »* or upwards. No goods, bo let otjtiin.the Aceets,

oonuaanicotioth to be opened, between Htrrokage Street and Virginia Strict, and between Hermitage Stoeftt and Bird strcft. aftd also between Old Gravel Lane and New Gravel Lano. No rate .to be made; on the houses, Ac. in or near (he opening between Old and New gttavej Lane till the same i mule, Sec. And William Stokes to be. drib paid 441. fof paring. All acts to be done by the major part of conuniftoetrs at wegtr Kg 1, if not less than five Expencee of this act to bo.paid (except 151.) ostof any money arising by 17 Geo* 3* C % % . Limitation of actions for acting under this act, not till thirty days notice, nor after tender of amends or after six months. The defendant may piead the generftl issue, and have treble costs. To be a public ad.. —

"'cap. zxzxviv

An act for paving, and freeing from rtdrfapces and annoyances, the eve ral streets, ways, and places, wifhin the parish of Saint Anne, in the county of Middlesex, and Queen Street and London Street, in the hamlet of Ratciiffe, within the said parish; and for making ways or streets into the street called rifby's Rope Ground, and through or across Shoulder of Mutton Alley, and a street called ropemaker's Fields, to Three Colt Street, and from the bridge in the said street called riiby's Rope Ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid.

When any commillioner dies, refuses to ad, or is declared a bankrupt, dr crafes to reside, or be owner of an estate within the limits of the act, or neglcfts to attend meetings for twelve months together, (except in cart of ncknefs, or other unavoidable cause) the other cortur.imoners to elect other in their room, on ten days notice, fixed on the church door of St. anne's church. Qualification of commissioners, 50i. per ann. freehold or copyhold, or i.coot. personal eftare. Penalty on acting if not qualified 501. Commissioners to take the following oath.

IA. B do swear, (or, being of the people called Quakers, do affirm), that | truly and bona side am in my on right, or (if married) in the right of toy wise, in the actual possession and enjoyment, or receipt of the rents and profits of lands, tepementt, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of fifty pounds above reprizes, or pofiefted of or entitled to personal estate to the amount of one thousand pounds, over and above payment of my debts.

So' help me 0 0 D.

V>.. J. /

Proceedings to be at public thfetihgs only. live to e afgidrum. Fjlft meeting of cimmissionkri thv

act.

tt

f'

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 87. [1782,

ft. If at any meeting a proper number do not attend, the derk me appoint another meeting, airing six daft notice' fixed to the church do In case of the derk*» death, see. meetings may be appointed by two com missioner. Commissionert to bear their own ex pern**. No person cape ble to act who holds any place of profit, see. Commissioners may appoifl officer, and allow them ialariea. .Officers to give security j and to accoue on oath. Money in hand, books, see. to be delivered up on demand, an In case of retnfal for twenty-four hoars actions may be brought, or at complaint a juftke may grant a warrant to proceed by diftrels and fall On failure of distress, see. offender to be committed till payment, or fa six months. On death of officers, see. executors to account. In case I nonpayment, actions may be brought againtt executors, see. Penalty o officers taking any reward other than their salaries, or being concerns in any contract, tool. New carriage and foot ways from Queen Strm Into the street allied rifby's Rope Ground, and through or cross Should! of Mutton Alky into Fore Street, and from thence through a street calk Ropemaker's Fields to Three Colt Street, and from the bridge in Riibv'

1 Rope Ground aerofe certain lands into Three Colt Street. Persons mm Incapacities empowered to sell and convey lands, see. In case of refofel I treat, a jury shall be summoned. Jurymen may be challenged. Whmfe to be examined upon oath. Jury to afiefs the value of lands, see. and di mages. Verdict of jury, see. to be final. Upon payment of the sums af sessed, lands, see. to his conveyed to the commissioners. On failure Hr making out a good title, or in executing conveyances, the money to be paid into the mink, see. Judgements to be registered. Immediately after verdict, decrees, see. and payment! lands, see. vetted in the comtmffion* era. At the reoueft of the parties, purchase money may be placed in tbs funds. Persons infilled to toe mesne profits to recave the dividend!, la case of nonpayment, the verdict, See. not binding. Purchase moneys maybe laid out in lands, see. for the former uses. Conveyances to be legal, notwithstanding want of title. Claims to be made in five years, or the commissioners to be quieted In possession. Persons barred may bring actions for moneys received for their use. Tenants at will, and (eflees for a year, to quit. Mortgagees required to assign mortgages, on payment of principal and interest, see. In case of refusal, money to be paid into the bank. All sums paid to be chargeable on moneys raised for making the said openings according to this act. Penalty on sheriffs, jurymen, C neglecting their duty, a fine of 10i. Overplus ground may be sold. com missioner empowered to pave the streets, see. at present built within the parish of St. Anne Limehouse, and also Queen Street and London Street, and the said ways intended to be made, and to remove annoyance. Commissioners may sell the old materials. Any person repairing pavement, other than tnofe employed by the commissioners, or ooftruoing the work, to forfeit 40 s. Property of pavement and materials veiled in the commissioners Pavement may be taken up for repairing water pipes, see. Fencing in and lighting the ground, and giving notice thereof with in six hours after finifbed to the commissioners paviour, on penalty of 40s. and be is to proceed in one day after to pave the same on penalty of 40 s. Commissioners may contract for paving pipe trenches. Chtrges of repairing pavement taken up, to be paid by persons occasioning the damage. Paviours to the water companies to give notice to the comimfliooert* clerk of their names and places of abode, on penalty of sos. Water companies to repair their pipes within two days after notice. Pipes broken, not fa longing to the company whose paviour shall open such ground, to be paid for his trouble by the proprietor of such pipes. Proprietors of ruiaoas drams to repair them 1 andf in case of default, the commissioners to repair them at the proprietors expense. Commissioners of fewer to be mo snoned when any repair of fewer, see. is wanted. Penalty on laying goods, see. in the streets; or obstructing the same by carriages, 40s. Carriages and things causing obstructions may be seized. Penalty on driving wheel barrows, see. on the foot pavements, 10 s. Hoards may be erected for building or repairing houses. Inhabitants to sweep the foat pttfa kttwtn seven and nine o'clock every day on penalty of 51. Horn to

fa

l.00q le

*93

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III

be nambered, and names of streets, Sec. to be fixed on the corner houset. Penalty on defacing such numbers, C 51. Projections, See, to be removed oa penalty of 51, and also so s. a week during continuance. Rates to bemsae when the streets. Sec. are ordered to be paved (which is to be proceeded in within three months, and completed in reasonable time) not acceding 1 s. 6 d. in the pound yearly, to be paid quarterly or oftener. For proportioning the rates, one third to be paid by the proprietor, and allowed out of rent. Tenants of divided houses to pay the rates. The new streets to be paved out of the moneys collected within the same only. Rates to be signed by two justices. If tenants refuse to pay, rates may be recovered by distress and sale, by warrant of two justices. If no distress can be found, the party to be committed for three months, nor left than one month, or till payment with colts. All persons in arfear may be comprised in one warrant, or schedule thereto. Places of public worship, C shall be rated at 6 d. a year for every square yard of pavement lying in the front of such premises to be measured to the middle line of the street. Such rates shall be paid, for every church and churchyard by the churchwardens, for every piece of vacant ground by the proprietor, for every netting house by the proprietor, trurcees, Sec, and for every hospital, pri fos, or other public building by the treasurer. Sec, to be recovered by acton at Westminster, or in the court of requests for the tower hamlets, if undergo s. with costs, in the name of the collector, or as the commission en shall appoint. Waste or vacant ground to be fenced in at the expense of the owner. Occupiers quitting tenements, Scc. without paying rates, may be followed. Persons paying these rates, exempted from all other expenses of paving. Agreements between landlord and tenant not vacated. If collectors become insolvent, the money to be again assessed. Commissioners may borrow money at interest, or raise money by sale of annuities at 10i. percent, and not more than 5, 0001. in the whole. Profile, for Three Colt Street not more than 6001. Commissioners may order repayment of moneys borrowed at interest, C Annuities, Scc. may beassigned. As annuitants die, the rates to be lowered. When annul ties cease by death, other annuities may be sold. Expenses of this act to be paid oat of the ftrft money raised by virtue of this act, and divided, proportioned and charged upon the streets, C already built, and on those intended, when built, as the commissioners shall determine; and any period advancing money for the above purpose, to have full interest. for making of a general account of receipts and disbursements yearly in the month of June. Penalties may be mitigated to not left than a moiety. Commissioners who are justices'may aft in any appeal, cas any other justices j and bring a ft ions. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the leflions; giving si days nonce. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress and late of toe offender's goods, by warrant from a justice, to be applied for the purposes of the act, and on nonpayment, and no distress, the party may be committed for three months, and not less than 14 days, unleis paid with costs in the mean time. Commissioners may reward informers. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender of amends hath been made. Writings to be without stamps. Proceedings to be entered in a book to be signed by the clerk, to be deemed original orders, and may be given in evidence. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, or removed by Certiorari. Limitation of actions for acting under this at, not till zo days notice to the clerk, or after satisfaction, or tender of amends, or after three calendar months. The defendant may plead the general iflsue, and give this act and the specisl matter in evidence, and have treble costs. This to be a public act.

CAP. LXXXVIII

k off to continue the term of an made in the twenty-fourth

jur of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, so repairing and widening the road from Prejhn to Lanlhfttt\ Vol. XXXIV O and

194

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 89 — ^93*. [1782.

and from thence to a place called heiring fyke that divides the counties of Lancaster and Westmorland'.

CAP. LXXXIX

An act for extending the provijions of an act, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for more effectually amending several roads leading from the borough of Truro, in the county of Cornwall, to the roads leading from Shortlanes End, in the parish of Kenwyn, to Callejlock Burrow, and from The Two Burrows, in the said parifn, to Perran ahnfhouse, and from The Three Burrows, in the said parish, to Saint Agnes alms house, in the kid county.

CAP. XC

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in tie first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the road leading from White Cross, in the parish of Leven, in Holderness, in the east riding of the county of Ter I, to the town of Beverley, in the said county.

CAP. XCI

An act to confirm, and carry into execution, certain articles of agree ment entered into between the right honourable James earl of si lifbury, and the trustees appointed by and under several acts cf parliament, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chase, in the parish of South Mims, in the county of Middlesex, to Lemnsford Mill, in the county of Hertford; and for turning and altering the said road, in the manner mentioned in the said agreement.

CAP. XCII

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the thirty third year of his late mojejlj, for repairing several roads leading to the town of Oakhampm, in the county of Devon.

CAP. XCIII

An act to continue and enlarge the term and powers of an act, mode in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act) for amending and widening the roads from the turnpike road upon Gatherley Moor, in the county of York, to stain drop, in the county of Durham; and from the said turnpike road near Smallways, across the river Tees, to Winjlon, in the said county of Durham j and for building a bridge over the said river at or near Winjlon Ford.

CAP.

1782.] Anno vfccsimo ftcundo Georgii III, C 94 — 98.

CAP. XCIV

An oil for enlarging the term and powers of an aily made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the roads from a place called Littlegatey at the top of Leadenham Hill in the county of Lincoln, to the west end of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent; and from the guide post at the division of Kelbam and Mujkham lanes to Mansfieldy and from south well to Oxton, in the county of Nottingham; and for repairing the road from the west side of Newark Bridge to the aid guide post.

CAP. XCV

An act for continuing the termy and altering and enlarging the powers, of an al of the second year of his present Majesty y for a mending and widening the road from the market house in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, in Cradley, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of fvorcefier, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relates to the roads leading from the market house in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halefpwen; and for opening a more commodious communication with the Birmingham turnpike road.

CAP. XCVI

An act for continuing the termy and altering and enlarging the powers, of an afly of the first year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from the town of Stone to ivordjley Green Gate $ and from the west end of bufton Street, in wol verhamptohy to The High Street, opposite The Old bu/hy in j)udley; and from a place, called Burnt Treey near Dudley, to Birmingham; and from The Market Cross in lvolverhamptony to Cannock \ in the counties of Staffordy tvorceftery and ivarwick,

CAP. XCVII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an aity made in the thirty third year of the reign of his 'majesty King George the southeast m.d.., intituled, An act for amending and widening the road frotn Bawtry to Sheffieldy and from Sheffield to the south side of ivort'tey, in the county of Yotky where it joins the turnpike road leading from Rotherham to Manchestery so far as the same relates to the road leading from Bawtry aforesaid to Tinfley, and through part of the toton of Tinfley, to the place where the same joins the road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield.

CAP. XCVIII

An act for continuing the term and altering the powers of an act of the first year of his present Majesty, Jcr Amending the road from O 2 Dartford

i Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 99 — 103. [1782.

Dartford to Northfleet, end other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent; and for allowing an annual payment out of the tolls arising upon the J, aid roads, to the trustees for the care of the toad leading from Rochester to Maidstone, in the said county, to be applied for the purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XCIX

An act sir enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the tenth fear of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Tamworth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Derby.

CAP. C

An act sir amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from the Willerfley turnpike road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill; and from the turnpike road on Fair Mile Field, to the turnpike road at Broad Heath; and from the turnpike road at or near the Fords Bridge, to the turnpike road near Stockton; and from Kyre Common, to the turnpike road at Grendon Green, in the counties of Hereford and Worcester.

CAP. CL

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the towns of Weymouth, and Mehombe Regis and Dorchester, in the county of Dotfet; and for repairing the road leading from the parish of Warm well, through the parishes of Poxwell and Ofmington, to the church in the said parish 0/ofmington, in the said county Dorset.

CAP. CII

An act for continuing the term of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road leading from the high post road near the town of Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to the town and port of Hythe, in the county of Kent \ and from Bacon's water to a certain lane called Holy Lane, in Wincheap, neamhc city of Canterbury.

CAP. CIII

An act for reviving and continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of on act of the thirtieth year of his late Majesty, intituled, An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several roads in and near to the town of Tenbury, in the counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford; and sir amending

and

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 104 — 108.

and keeping in repair the roads leading from The Knowle Gate to the turnpike road on the Clee. Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the turnpike road, leading from Bromyard to Tcnbury in the said counties.

CAP. CIV

An act to continue and enlarge the term and powers of an afty made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from hale worthy, in the parish of Davidftowy in the county of Cornwall, to the call end of wadebridgcy in the said county; and from the west end of Wadehridge aforesaid, into and through the borough of Mitchell, in the said county.

CAP. CV

An act for amendingy wideningy and keeping in repair n the road from Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the county of Chester.

CAP. CVI

An act for repairing and widening the road from Tarporley, in the county palatine of Chester, to Adlon Bridge, near Wcverham, in the same county.

CAP. EVIL

An act for enlarging the term and powers osso much of an a Ry made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituledy An af for repairing and widening the highroad leading from ajbbornty in the county of Derby, to the town of Leeky in the county of Staffordy and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rujhton Comnwty to Congletony in the county of Chester; and also the road leading from Blithe Marjby In the county of Staffordy through cheaduy Oakamoory and Blorey to the turnpike road, from ajbborne to Buxtony near Thorp, in the county of Derby; as relates to the district of road between Afhborne and congle tonne; and for repairing the road from the end of Alhborne Churchyard to the top of The Dig Street, in Alhborne aforesaid.

CAP. CVIII

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an afty passed in the thirty third year of the reign of King George the Secondy for repairing the roads from the town of Brecony to the parish of Broburjy and to fvhitney paffagcy in the county of Hereford; and for building a bridge over the river Wyey at Bredwardine Passagey in the same county; so far as relates to such of the roads com prized in the said act as he in the county of Hereford.

CAP.

Anno vicefrmo ftctmdo georgii III c.109 — 114. [1782. CAP. C!X.

An off to enlarge the term dnd powers of an act, passed in the feconi year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Wey Hill, in the county of south ampton, to the turnpike road at Lyde Way, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. CX

An act'to continue the term and alter the powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An as for repairing and widening the roads leading from a pond belonging to Hertry Eyre elquite, in the parish of White Parish, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Dunwood Hill; and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through ronijey infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the county of Southampton, and from thence to the county of the town of Southampton.

C A R CXI

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the ft ft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from tl\e borough of Appleby, in the county of Westmorland, through the township of Orton, to Kirby Kendall, and from Orton to the turnpike road near Shapp, and from Highgate, near Tibay, in a part of the highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendall, through the town of Kirby Steven, to the town of Market Borough, in the said county,

C A R CXTI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from a place called The jhardwfcke, in the pprifh of Clifford, to Windmill Hill, end from Vowchurch to Pontrilas, in the county Hereford.

C A p. CXIII

An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Brecon, through the town of Hay, in 'the county if arecon; attdalfi the road through Marifh Lane, to the Builth and Hay turnpike road, near the village of Llyfwen, in the same county.

CAP. CXIV

An act to repeal so much (f an act, puffed in the second year of tit reign of his prejent fytajejly, for repairing and Widening the road from Flimwell Vent, Jn the county of Sussex, through Highgate, in the county of Kent, and the parishes of Sandlwjl, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said county of Svjfex\ and from Highgate aforesaid, to coopers Corner, in the said u county

1782.] Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III C 115, 116.

county of' Suffix, and to Tubb's Lake, in the said county of Ktnt\ as relates to the road from Highgate to Tubb's Lake; and for enlarging the term ana powers of the said act with respect to the other roads therein contained

CAP. CXV

An act to enlarge the term and powers of several acts pajffed in the eleventh, twenty sixth, and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Shoreditch Churchy through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. CXVI

An act to enlarge the term and powers of two acts, pajffed in the second and eleventh years of his present afajejiy's reign, so far as the same relate to the road from Blithe Marsh to the road leading from Alhborne to Buxton, near Thorp, and from the road between Cheadle and Leek to the turnpike road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same road to the road at or near Ruehill Gate, in the counties of Stafford and Derby.

END of PART I. VOL. XXXIV

THE

Statutes at large,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III Regis.

Being the THIRD Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XXXIV PART It.

Jf

4

STATUTES at Large, Me.

T; ji, T mi. w m

dton*)regritx3eor gii HI. Regis, me ffiritannice, Franci, & Hibernia, yicejtmo tertio. '

4t tie parliament begun arid held at west minder, the thirty first day of October, ni 1780, in the tioenty first year of tie reign of qur sovereign lord GEORGE 'third, by tat grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C And from thence continued, by federal prorogations, to the fifth day December, 1782} being the thirdfejjion of ikf fifteenth parliament ef Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to permit the importation of wheat, wheat flour, rye rye flour, barley, and all font of corn, grain, and meal, upon payment of rfle loir Autfeotherein mentioned, for a limited time.

af^vgg0* itwm*. recited. pronvdec.5, 17s*, wheat, wheat flour, rjfe, rye flour, barley, and all sorts of corni grain, and meal from any country or place whatfotever, may be imported in British or ifcutral tefleis, upon payment of the duties mentioned in the recited and alto the ho additional 5 percents, on those duties. Corn, C imported before he passing of this act, and wareboused, may be taken opt, con payment of the duties. This act to continue as to England, till Aug. ay, i'ijrtj. apd as to Scotland, till Sept.5, following.

CAP. II

An act to continue an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act more effectually to prevent his majesty's enemies fron^ being supplied with ships or vessels from Great Britain.

Act s go. 3, cap. 71, recited, which is continued dating tlje present hoftshcks,

Pa CAP.

204 Anno vicecmo tertio gbokoii III €.3, 4. [1783.

cap. ni.

Ao a for rudi an aid to hit ma)sftjr by a land tat, to bariri&d ia Great Britain, for the ferrice of the year one thousand fern kaadrad and eighty three. — «, 037, 627!. 9a. J to be raised in Great bri tpi«a whereof 1, 989*6731. 7*. and. i in England and Wafcv p*47*944!. vt.td. in Scorlafld at 4s. in the pound. — Loan oa Eg:

4 chequer'biiu at4!: lot. per' cent.

CAP. IV

An act for condoning awthyantfng to Me Majesty certain duties npea malt, mum, cyder, and Perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

daub, in an x'xtl .yfad whertas by mode in sixth year tf ms

a 6 gto.j, Majtfifs rtign, (entitled, An act for repmling the duties grant

C 4. see. 7. d upon cyder and perry by an act made in the third year of noted. his present majesty's reign; and for granting other duties on cyder and perry in lieu thereof; and for more effectually fecur ipg the duties on cyder and perry imposed by foveral former aids)) duty after the rate ef jbibngs and eight pence per beg/bead watt from and after tie fifth day tf jirfy.ew fe.

hundred and sixty six, laid upon all tyder and perry he made in Great Britain, and sent or to any sass or, tr

agent who Should reteive the same to fed or dispose of to he paid by suck foffer or agent: and whereas by the find assit wot. That if any sass or or agent during the continuance

of the said sixth year ef his rtign, for continuing

'ing to his Aiajefly certain d upon, mum, cyder, and perry, "for the fervitt' of the year one thousand ftven hundred and be charged with and pay the duty offour per upon

any quantity of cyder or perry thereby granted, and chargeable upon him or her as receiver thereof., or agent, for every

hogjbtad of such tyder or perry ft charged, discharged of four billings, port of the said sixteen and; and it ms

thereby declared. That cyder or perry made in Great Britain in no cafewbalfttvtr Should be chargeable with mere than fixtten jbilsngs and eight pence per bog/bead: therefore, to prevent any danbts tr difficulties with rt/ptff to the charging tr payment of the duties hereby continued or granted, and to fteure the cyder and perry, in the fion tf futh faffors and agents, from being liable to Where the than tyder er perry which Shall be received or jifpejed tf by other per duty granted fens will be fubjtffto, be it enabled and declared tithe audio cvdw'or Der 5**1 af°refeid» That in case any cyder or perry shall be received ry7 in cuttodynto the custody or poflefiion of any fiwftor or went, for which ta faftosr' it shall appear, by a certificate, under the band of the proper Shall be certu officer of excise, that the duty continued or granted by this act been chased ave ^cen charged for such cyder or perry, such factor or the fadormau a6ent shall, for every hogshead of such cyder or perry so chaig* t discharged ea, (land discharged of four Shillings, part of the said duttof thereof. sixteen Shillings and eight pence: and that cyder and perry wu... .....

i.] Anno vicefitio tertio georgii III C 6. to

stot, in any case or cases whatsoever, be charged or chargeable with any higher or larger doty or duties in the whole (including the duty continued or granted by this act) than after the rate of tixteen Shillings and eight*pence per hogshead, for or on account of the same being in the custody or potte/fion of all or any of the persons liable to pay any duty or duties in respect thereof.

XXIII Provided always, and be k further enacted by the Competitions authority aforesaid. That so much of this act, or any other act for malt made thereby refetred unto, as relates to the allowing the making of ff competitions for the duties on malt, not made foe fate but for private use only, maybe repealed, altered, or varied, by any act or acts to be paged in this present session of parliament.

CAP. V

An act for cootifurm an act, passed in the twenty second y«ar of the reign of his prefect Majesty, intituled, An act for retraining sir Thomas Ruin bold baronet, and Peter Perring esquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering their estates and eseert, and presenting the transporting or alienating the same. —

Continued during the present session of parliament, but may be altered.

CAP. VI

joeste continut ftvtral laws, rslating to the regulating the fees of tffictrs of the customsand naval officers in America; to the*tug the exportation of tertain quantities of, other tles, to his Majeslfs sugar colonies in America; to though permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British

jugar colonicfor plantations in the West Indies; and to the

ing the duties upon pot and pearl q/bes, woo and,

ed into Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

WHERE AS the laws herein of, ter mentioned have, by Preamble.

rieuee, been found ujeful and beneficial, and are near expiring', my it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enadtod: ind be it enacted by the King'* rnoft excellent majesty, by ana with the advice ana content of the lords fprritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Dame, That to much of an act, made in the so much of tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relate to the 10 Geo. 3, regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in America, and "P 17. for extend ing the same to the naval officers there, which was to he in force from the first day of August, one thousand seven a Mates to'hundred and seventy, for the term of two years, and from thence regulating the te the end of the then next session of parliament; and which was, by three acts, made in the twelfth, fourteenth, and nine ttenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, further continu Amariea, aduatil the firfk day of August, one thousand seven hundred and tabty two, and from thence to the end of the then next session efpvltammtj lall be, and the same iy hereby farther conti

to 6

further continued until Aug. 1, 1786, C

So much'of s6 Geo. 3, p. 37,

it relates to allowing the exportation of wheat, See. to his majesty's sugar colonies in America,

further continued until May i, 1784.

So much of if Geo. j, cap. 4^»

as prariits the exportation of tobacco pipeclay to the sugar colonics.

further edn taaued until June S VI C

so Gqp. ft cap.5,

Annp vicesimo tgrtio geo&an III C 6. f 178^

qued from the expiration thereof until the first dy of a\tgufi % one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and from thence to the end of the then next fefltoo of parliament.

, II And be it further enacted by the authority afprgsaid, Thtt fp much of an act, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his prefqnt Majesty, intituled, An ft for allowing the ixjnrtatim of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's fit gar colonies in America, and to the island cf Saint Helena, am te the other fetllements; belonging to the united eo&tpany of merchants tf England trading to the East Indies, and f biscuit and ptaje te Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with refptft to advifmg or carrying into execution his majesty's orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheats and other articles; as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies in America, which Was to continue in force until the first day of January, one thousand feveh hundred and seventy seven; ahd which, by several acts, made in the seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty first, and twenty second years of the reign of his present mi jesty, was continued until the first day of May, one thou&ikj seven hundred and eighty-three 5 shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four

III And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That so much of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his prefect Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing the ewtitb rule in the book of rates, so far as the same relates to making any allowance upon the importation of damaged currants and raisins, oni jer making the importer of such goods an abatement in the duties in lieu thereof \ and for explaining the said rule with respect to such allowance for damage on other goods 5 and to permit the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies, for a limited time; as permits the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the tri tijh fiigar colonies Or plantations in the West indies; which was tb continue in force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his pretent Majesty, was continued until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufowd seven hundred and eighty-three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twtnty fpnrth day of June, one thousand (tan hundred and eighty feyenv and from thence to the end of the then next session »,

4v. And to it farther ena6faed by the authority afortftd, tbkt att aft; made in thenwewtteth year of the itign ows present Majesty, intituled, 'An act for repeating tb duties fffitit uftoftfm&arfybis, wad dnd tvmajbn^ import imqtj*

L '^

*ojr

Anno vicesimo tertio Gbqxsu HI, C 7 — 9!

Britain, and for granting other dutiti in Urn ftr a limited

time which was to continue in force until the thirty first day hf May., one thousand seven hundred and eighty three shall k, and the lame is hereby further continued until the thirty , ^d untjt*1* M day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six. May ji, (7stf.

CAP. VJI.

Anift for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore* The lame as Jaft year. %

cap. viir.

An for continuing fewr*l ai pajted for the better regulation of

age and ballaiuge in the river Thames,

ak 6 Geo. a. C9, further contused until June 14* 1794, and to the tod of next ieflion.

CAP IX

A ab for piloting the importation of riff, paddy, Indian fern, Indian meal, and maize, free from duty, ftr

whereas allowing tbt fret importation Paddy, p

W Indian corn, Indian meal, and maize, into Great Britain, ftr a limited time, will be of great advantage, and may be tbt meant

Of ttutqraging the making of forth from may it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consens of the lords fpirkual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this act, it ibau be tram tbs pan liwful for any person or persons to import into Great Britain, fag of this at any time or times before the thirtieth day of September, one aftantil Sept, thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, any rice, paddy, /*-^5, $'5ee* dim corn, Indian meal, and maize, from any country or place sm/frr?miiy whatsoever, in any British ship or vessel legally navigated, or in be imported any foreign ship er vessel, belonging to any kingdom ojr (late i duty free j amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated by foreign seamen, without the payment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or impofkion whatsoever; anything in any former act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise not withstanding.

II Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due provided due entry shall be made, in such manner and form at wore practised entry thereof or used before the making of this act, of all Indian corn, Indian J meal, and maize, which shall he imported or brought into this, mpor**uon kingdom, by virtue of this act, before the said thirtieth day of September, at the coftotn house belonging to the port into which

& same Audi be imported or brought ip; orotherwise, inde t of making (d entry, .such Indian corn. Indian meal, and anmr, flwh be. liable to such and fbefame duties as wore pajt sfitapbothe importation themtf itafoie the mpkwgof this act

p4 any

o Atmo viecfitm tertio gko&ou III C io. tf #3*

anything herein contained to the 'contrary notwithfboding* and such Indian corn, Indian meal, and maiae, may be earned i.. ... coastwise, under such regulations as wheat, wheat flour, and

pulse, of the growth of this kingdom, are now allowed to be; carried coastwise, at all times before the Aid thirtieth day ef iseptenflier, ooe thoufrnd fipvcn hundred and eighty-three.

, _. CAP. X

A^further continuing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present. m*jcfty# for allowing the importation of line prganzined Italian thrown 4jk In any type or vends, for a limited time.

Ada 19 Geo. 3. q. 9* tp oc. 9.. and1 go. 3, C 6. further eoatt pued until March5, 17*4.

CAP. XL

ffn act to amend an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of that reign of King peorge the Second, intituled, An act for the more«Sffeftual Securing the duties upon tobacco; to prohibit (be importation of currants into Great Britain tn final packages \ to repeal such fart of the proviso in an act of the eighteenth year of u*reign of his present Majesty, as permits Portugal aarf spanish wines, and other Wines, (except French wines) to he imported in Jmall cofks fer private uft; and for taking off the inland dutypojh able upon the importation of coconuts into this kingdom, upon tit exportation thereof as merchandise.

Preamble. E RE A S by an act, made in the twenty-fourth yetor of

*4 Geo. a.'y, the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, inti

C recoed, tuled, An act for the more effleftual securing the duties upon tobacco; it is, amongst other things, enacted. That no tobacco or to bqcco (talks exceeding twenty-four pounds weight, nor any fnujft* ceeding ten pounds weight, shall be in any form or manner whatsoever removed, carried, or conveyed by land, from any port or place of tm* portation in Great Britain, to any other port or place within this kingdom, without a certificate being first had and obtained from the eolleftor and comptroller, or other chief officers at the port or place where the tobacco was imported, that the duties thereof were paid or fecuhed in the manner directed by the said act: and whereas great quantities of tobacco are clandtfiinely run on shore at severed of the. out ports of this kingdom, and such tobacco, and great quantities of f tobatco folks, and snuff manufacturei from tobacco, so clandtfiinely

run on shore, are afterwards removed from such out ports, toother 1. ports and places in the country, and from thence convoyed into London,

ahetparts adjacent thereto, without the certificates directed by ehefaidticited aft, under a pretence that such tobacco, tobaccofolks, and snuff 1 are'not removing from the tort or place of importahmc 'tdkefrtby that good purposes intended by toe foetid aft have Joe and men \ke deseated, 'Ho the great prejudice of the pumick revenue and tbi fitbr e?ader: for remedy Whereof may it please youjr mayestv skil* wtm bfe touted j and be it drafted by the Xing's moajwfcb i ' f V hut

i7&3-] Aura vicelimotwiib Georgii III C i i. 209

cm oifijcfty, by and wishthe advice and corifent of the lords (pkinial and temporal, and commons, in this prefant parliament sfbmbled, and by the authority, of the lame, That, from From March and after the twenty-fifth dayof March, one thousand seven jmj. no hundred and eighty three, no tobacco, or tobacco stalks, ex seeding twenty-four pounds weight, nor any snuff exceeding**

ten pounds weight, which shall have been removed or carried ^ib. nor by land from the port or place of importation in Great snuff exceed

to any other port or place within this kingdom, shall be after 'o'jv wards removed or carried to any other port, town, or place rew0ttj whatsoever in Great Britain, without a certificate being first had from tb place and obtained from the collector and comptroller, or the chief of importa officers of the customs at the port or place from which such?*? "» are intended to be so removed; but if there it not any with*officer.of the customs redding at such place, then from the offi. oat a proper ccr of excise for the division with whom the former certificate certificate, was entered, that it appears to them, by. the entries of the certificate or certificates in their books upon their former removal, that the duties for such tobacco or (huff, or that the duties for.

the tobacco from which such tobacco stalks or snuff were re (pedively dripped or maaufadured, as the case may be, were paid or Kcured at the port or place of importation; and also by what carriage such goods, and every part thereof, came, and were before removed as aforesaid, and the time when j and also that the person or persons who shall apply to him or them for such certificate had made oath to the truth thereof: and before toy fitch certificate shall be granted, the proprietor of such tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, or the factor or agent applying for the same, shall deferibe and insert on the back of such certificate, in a fair and legible manner, the names of each particular package in which fitch goodt are contained, together with the particular marks and numbers seton each package, and also the true and exact weight of each particular species of goods contained in each particular package, and the place from whence the same are to be delivered, and to which and by what carri...

they are to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and thenatne of the person or persons to whom the goods are consigned; to which such proprietor, factor, or agent, shall subscribe his, her, or their name or names, and make oath to the truth thereof: which respective oaths herein before directed, thecoueftor and comptroller, or other principal officers of the customs, or the officer of excise granting such certificate, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to administer: and the mioifteroaths. certificate so granted shall express the number of days it shall continue in force; and the officers granting such certificate, after writing the same off their books in a book to be kept by him or them for that purpose, are hereby directed to deliver such certificate to the person or persons who shall apply to them for the same, without any fee or reward whatsoever for such certi ncate, or for administering the oaths hereby required, on pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for etery such offence, and

0 to

1c

J

Anno vicefimtemo Gceftsn III [1783.

id transinir a duplicate of tech certificate to the register geoeral The certificate of tobacco at Lmdon or Edinburgh respectively: and the ted tosccompaay certificate to granted shall accompany the goods to the plan the good. where, and be delivered to the per (bn to whom such good shall be consigned, who, upon receiving the same, shall caofc fitch certificate to be delivered to the Chief officer of thecodont, if any such there be, and in case there be no officer of the customt, then to the officer of epeife of the divifioa whereanto such goods are carried and conveyed; and such officer is hereby directed to examine the same with the goods, and if they agree therewith,

(be goods may be taken away and disposed of by the person or

persons to whom of right they belong; and such officer is thereupon to enter such certificate diftinttly in a book to be kept by t., him for that purpose, and transmit the original certificate to the register general of tobacco at or respectively.

II And k is hereby further enacted by the authority afore all tobacco, find. That if any tobacco or tobacco (talks exceeding twenty tobacco fialks, four pounda weight, or any (huff exceeding ten pounds weight, and (naff, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of, (hau be it trary to tbisl mowed or found removing, by land or by water, at the fine, or the recittd time, either in one or several parcels or packages, from toy aft, (bad be port or place whatsoever in this kingdom, whether it dull be forfeited, with the port or place of importation or not, to any othar port, town, wrb«£'&c. or pace "Britain, without the certificate required by conveying the this or the before recited act; or if the petfon or persons root fane. ing such tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, shall net product

firth certificate to any ofiiccr or officers of the custonu or exeife who shall require to see the same, all such tobacco, tobsoco (talks, or (huff, and the caflcs, chests, cases, or other package, containing the same, together with the horses, cattle, carts, wagons, boats, barges, and all other carriages whatfotver, employed or in anywue made use of in the removing any carriage or conveyance of such tobacco, tobacco stalks, or (huff, or Regulation, any or cither, of them, (hill be forfeited and lost $ and the (eve be. of the to] rules, regulations, and restrictions directed in, and the fere f*cltedi*^° ral penalties, forfeitures, and puniflunents inflicted by, the ted exkurion of r*, e» respect to or agaioft the removal of tobacco, this act. tobacco stalks, or snuff, by land, from the port of importation, and the mode of proceeding therein directed for the recovery thereof, and punishing the offenders against that ad, shall be applied, practised, and put in execution with respect to tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, removed or found removing contrary to this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses in the said act relative thereto had been

again repeated and enacted in the body of this act.

III And whereas great quantities of currants are imparted inti

Great Britain in rolls and other [mall pacitges, and art dandijhm'i ran on Shore without payment of the duties due for the same, tithe diminution of the public revenue, and the prejudice of the fair trader: for remedy whereof, it is hereby farther enabled by the authority

ry3] Ani tfriesimo tertio Gioacit Hi. C ft.

rity aforesaid. That, from and after the fifth day of Jiffy, one From July Jt

thaufend sevenhurrdred and eighth three, no currarrt* shall be J "°

imported or brought into Grlat Britain from any place beyond jj^rud in

the Teas, upon any preferred whatsoever, otherwise than loose lit anyleii pafle

hoglbeads or other calks, each of which shall contain fife bon»*»

dnd weight avoirdupoife of net curl amt at the leaf!, end fltall j "*<h*d

nor be packed in rolls, bagsi or in atry other packages, within

fiicb hogshead or calk, under the penalty df the forfeiturs ofur penalty ef

such currants as flfall be imported, or brought dr found on

board any ship or vessel within any port,harbour, or creek,*

within this kingdom, contrary to this act, together with the

package containing the same $ and such currants shall and may

be forced by any officer or officers of his majesty's coftouis, slid

prosecuted in any court of record at worm the cmr

of exchequer at Edinburgh lefpeftikely j one moiety of Which

forfeiture, after deducing the charges of condemnation audible

of fisch currants, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his hew

abet fucedfers, and the other moiety to such officer or officers

of tkecbftoms as shall seize fitch currants and prosecute for (he

same.

- 'IV. Provided nevertheless, and it is Hereby further enidled bb ehe authority afofesaid, That it shall and may be lawful (hr Exception e ino mailer of any ship or vrifel, ootning from any port or plate tatwe ear hnm Melted currants have beta and ate ufuelly brought into rab^totje dqpiangdom, to Import and hate oft board ay quantity hf**

pdjhmts dot exceeding five hundred weight, for the Mb of Mi to be confumfed on board fitch (hipor fofifel, providedfbch mft nets shall be reported at the custotn house, and (lowed openly in the fit ip without fraud or concealment end shall he packed toofe in an hogihead or other calk capable of containing fife hundred weight net of currants, but not otherwise; anything herein before contained to the contrary fiotwithftstodibfg.

V And whereas by an act tfparliament, indieve the iightteuib year of the reign of lit present Majesty, imitated. An act for gfaht Rsdial of ing to his Majesty several additional duties upon wwits and vine '* gar imported into this kingdom, it t amongf other^J'

matted., That no wines of the growth or produce tfmty pan of the dominions bilonging to the crown of Spain or Portugal, and that Mo Ffench wines Should be imported or brought into Great Britain (hr any fmauer vessel or cask than what is commonfy 4h hogjhoat, in which such wines have been usualfy imported, upon forfeiture Uf aq such wines as Should be imported cinerary L the ftsidaft, 'together with the tofts and other package abstainingthe same, {ekeeftis Ohere

in afttr was provided: ) and whereas by ihefaid att ft Wat provided, that any French wines may by tmportot in Pottles, w thtrt may be imported in fmauer cases than it theroin hefort limited,

Hot fraud or oomtalmm, ftv private aft, and py'way^mw 'dmkjyi, any obing in obt fitid att, or any ethtr lma, Mom, dr ukge, 'to ate amor) notwithftmiirtg1: and whereas the food irinafo

mat kitted tbedimmtf vejftli ahdmberte

pkmttittenf Portugal and spdtfkpammfmid i, mi

the

a 12

From March

*5* l1*v*proviso in toe uid aft repealed.

Exception.

Recital of at Geo. 3. C S

From March

5'*7*5* coconuts exported to be allowed the full duties payable on importation thereof.

Anno vicesimo ter do geortift! III C 11, [17i3, the pritme that such.wines are impufer private tefe, great van

titles ate clandtjlindyrutsen fleers' without payment ef any duty, ts the prejudice of the revenue, and detriment of the fan trader: for

remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority afore. fid. That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the said proviso in the said act, made in the eighteenth year of hit Majesty'a reign, he rein before recited, by which it is provided, that any French wines may be imported in bottles, or that any wines may be imported in smaller calks than is by the said act before limited, for private use, and not by way of merchandise, so far as the same relates to Portugal or Spanish wines, or any other wines, iexcept /vwedwines, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

, VI And whereas by an act, pqffed in the twenty ftrjl year of the reign ef his prejent Majojly, intituled, An act for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excite, and of the inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more pundual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for.rectifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with tefped to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of ex dfe imposed by the said act; an inland ef eighteen pence wes

imposed upon every pound weight avand in that proportion for a groat or or lejftr quantity, of coconuts then imported or

after to he imported into this kingdom; and by the said act only four fifths of the. said duty are to he repaid on the exportation of tit coconuts, which in euterience hath been found to be a

to the exportation of toe same: far remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty

three, all such coconuts as shall then have been, or shall hereafter be, legally imported into this kingdom, and which shall .be afterwards exported to any foreign parts as merchandise, and which shall have been duly entered, and for which the several imposts due on the importation thereof shall have been paid or secured to be paid, and which shall have been lodged or secured in such warehouse or warehouses as by the above recited act, or by any other therein referred unto, is directed and required, .shall and may, from and after the. said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, upon doe.er)try thereof being made by the proprietor or proprietors of such coconuts. Or by such person or persons whom they ihfll. appoint for that purpose, be delivered out of any sech - he respeduve .proprietor or proprietor thereof, fpn or persons as shall be appointed by him, her, dr

dms*c*iad, illa wll Wfe« fcdh delivcryjwwduty

h*'

by Goo

Anno ricesimo tertio Georgii III cia — — ary

faifte for exportation, without payment being made of the said inland duty imposed by the said act on the said coconuts any thine In the said act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; such proprietor or proprietors, or other petfon The exporter or persons exporting the said coconuts, baring first given suck tojpve inch and the like bonds, for the due and fair exportation thereof, and to produce such certificates, and to make such proofs, as' qq, red by the are reauired to be given, entered into, produced and made, by lat recited t the before recited act of the twenty first year of his majesty's A reign, on the exportation of coconuts, in pursuance of the directions of that act,

CAP. XII

An act for rafting a certain fom of money by loans or excheqaerbitts, for the fcnrice of the year one thousand fevtn band red and eighty thrce« —

To raiic i, ooq.oool. on the faiqe terms at in the land tax aft,

CAP. XIII

An act for more effectually draining and preferring certain lands and groonds within the level of Hatfield Chase, and parts adjacent, in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham.,

Gbmmissioners of fewer! authorised to make a new drain from the north river (at about one hundred and twenty chains distance above Althorpe ftuicef to the river Trent $ and also a (luice or dough in the bank^of toe river Trent, and bridges to be made over the new drain, if necejlary.

The expenses to be, paid by the commi(lionets of (ewers, out of money to be raised by the act, on afieitments upod the lands of the paitiripanta of the said level.

CAP. XIV

An act for allowing tie importation of goods from Europe in neutral ships into the ifands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat,

Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and /£* Grenadines; and of goods the produce or manufacture of the said ijtands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this kingdom, in such ships, upon payment of the British plantation duties, for a limited time; for permitting certain goodie the produce of those islands, secured in warehouses in this kingdom, to be taken out, on payment f the British plantation duties, and to cancel certain bonds entered into for payment of the duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary acts for the encouragement of trade; and to repeal an off, made in the twenty second year of his Majesty'i reign, for allowing the importation of goods the growth of Saint cbrijlopberj Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of his Majesty's dominions in Europe or America.

WHEREAS, during the late bojlilities, the islands of Saipt Preamble.

Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines, were taken by the arms j>f bn most Christian Majesty, and, by the preliminary articles of peace, are to be refhred to this kingdom; and it may happen that neutgal ships, him at foreign ports in Europe with cargoes conjignei to the

said

aj* Apjia vicfsimo C f M

foffl. islands may not orripe tfyre before fiuh islands m ft refi/rd i of prysaid, and it it expedient

gets at thafe islands find tt to Great Botkin ay

goaisof the growth, produff or manufaflure may it .tl>«rofch: e pilaff your hjajcfty that it my b.c..

w bciu enacted by tbf'kiojj'smoft ejcqellent ft

Wh .tbq .advjce an? cpnfpptof the lords (ptrit^pland temporal, and con}toons, in this prefect parliament aflenfoied, and, py. the tral »e(t(i» authority of .foe same, That it (VU and may be lawful Jpr any Wtttfd ship ocyeflel that.shall have cleared qut from anyfo poru to St! reien p°rt in Europe before the first day of April, oof cbriftopher't, seven hundred and eighty-three, with any goods conligned to C before the said islands, or either of them, to enter and land such goods mavla'ndtheir # .foe said islands although rfocb, flwp» may notriv«

careoe*, C so** tiu after, tueibid islands are swfbomdand delivered, up to'his Majesty; mdt (half and maybe lawful for fttdi ships, at any time before the first day of Augufty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to take on boardj and bring back to any portdn Qmt Britain, nay good, .being the ^grwthnptodudioo,

r anatmfo&ure of such iflaods, and such goods shall and may be admitted to an entry in this kingdom, upon payment of jtue.like duties, as if such goods bad been imported tram.amr M' iti/fr iflaqd in the Wft Indies in British ships duly navigated; any law, custom, or ugageto.the contrary notwithstanding.

II And whereas the islands of Tobago and Saint Lucia tri, b] the foid, preliminary articles, to be delivered up

Majesty, it is therefore hereby further enabled by. the authority Goods, the aforesaid, That during such timp as q\ajl be allowed by the de produce of finitive treaty of peace to the planters, merchants, and inhabi stlubcu0may't, nt 10 withdraw themselves and their effects from the said be imported 7 iflanjd^ it, shall, and may be lawful for such persons to import during a limit .direijfoy, from foeoce in to this kingdom, any. goods, wares, and ed time, on vmgrchaqdj*ca, being the growth, production, or oianufojure, e^njhnunf. Of, the said.refppclive islands, upon payment of such duties as juon duties. wwid. have been due and. payable for such goods jf foejfoad been imported from any of the Briiijb .islands, in

jbddfijfbirs

M. vptnvided always, ..and it is hereby, further eqafled hythe importer aaithorhy, aforesaid. That the importer or importers', of, M to make ob gp^/j omany of theftid islands herein before jnentionoi, mail eoedtare the '*mke«oath» before the. collector apd comptroller, of his ^jdty's produmor .oiftoms .at.the^pprt, of importation iathis kingjdcun, (.which manufacture oath such collector, and comptroller pxc hereby uqpavtered to f the said sdminister), that, _ to the best of his or .their knowledge^pa be islands. lies, the goods so imported are really and bona jjde the growth, production, V or manufacture, of the said respective iflaaasjjpd m default of such oath, the goods so imported shall be fobject, 4o the payment of the like duties as they would be liable to if imported from any foreign West-india island 5 and such goods ault, upon importation into this kingdom, be fobjefl and liable to the like^ccttfitiesy reftflctions, regulations, penalties, .m.d..

forfeitures,

Anno vicdimotm^gzoaaji III q.141

forfeitures, in all other respects not altered by this act, as they mould be liable to if they were stopped At and imported from aqr brit\jb island in the West india.

I?. And whereas feveraf par eels ofsugar, and ttbtr goods, the

stout of some of the before mentionedifiands, have been imported nti Great Britain from thence during toe time islands were in tkpjbfioh of hismeft'chrifiian Majtfiy, and art note II

fimswurdaorfbs in this kingdom, wider the joint Joois if his mt fifiyewd the proprietors of such goods, be h further enadfced by the

artority aforefhid, That at shall and may be lawful for tbek Certain goods, (mhuaners of hie 'majesty's custonas, or an four or more of imported fro them, to permit such goods to be taken out of inch warehoafea |^ndvwhae by the importer thereof, upon payment of thefameduties, and they were pof fcmeft to the like regulations, as such goods would be sessed by the

and liable to if they had been imported oireduyfhoin any Mrhifb ^en'b'

Mud orplarttation in Bnitijb ships navigated according to laa^j the ware tad opoa payment of ithe said duty, the said commiluonees of house — —, tbteaftrtns are hereby authorised and required to order any wtawt of - bonds, ov other feourity gtven by the importers for^he duty oo britifopunta* such goodto Jse cancemd and tfifcharged. non duties.

7. And 'whtrtns fwtral reftriffions upon commerce have been fuf.

fmu, and indulgences havebttn grouted for the bene sit, of trade bp apian offs nf parliament kith mode, which mere to continue ht f

sin during ntbojiihties with France, Spain, or the fines general eftht Unitnd Province, or either of them: and whereas it may be mpoobiaue fur the merchants to give notice to their mfiedgn pertrgf the cessation of Infinities time enough

the shipping of goods for tbit kingdom before peon maybottmhedad mi finally established; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all as Of poreameat whisk have.been several yds made fmee the twenty sixth day of.ofsober, one thousand (even fr the encou. bandndvandjsixty fine, whereby any (itch reftnftiom hav been j^fj^her Mpended, or such indulgences haem been granted, (hah be, continued.

nd the same*re'hereby further continued, and shall remain in full some until the exputation of six calendar months after ihe definitive treaty of peace, shall .toe signed.

VI And it k hereby further enacted by the authority afore hid, Tint, from and.aner.tiw first day of ono tooufand u Geo. jr

fcttn hundred and eighty-three, an adof par Some at 'made in C J** the twenty second year of his majesty'a reign, (intisultd, An Off P"*for elkwing the isnportutiort ef geedt of the growth, produce, or mfobure, of the islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, mont mufdnto any port ref mmojefifs dominions mjsutopk or Amelia, on payment of theibnd&iiplontnmjutits) (hautoe, and <hf

fine is hereby repealed, and made void.

1,ciaapi*

it Anno vicesimo tertio gsorofl III L [ijlj.'

CAP. XV

An act for rendering more the provisions in an oo

of the thirteenth fear of King George the Firs, foe preventing frauds and abuses in the dying trade.

Preamble. VT/HEREAS an ab of was made, in the their tenth year of the reign ef his majesty King George3 Geo. 1. for preventing frauds and abuses in the dying trade, which fid e. tv recited, ait hath been found ineffectual for the pnrpofes thereby intended \ mi in order more effeouallf to prevent fratub and abuses in the dying if clothes, bays, faffs, and other woollen goods, it is neceffarj sat toe foid all Should be repealed, and same further and other pomenpvm for theftpurposes: may it therefore pieafe your Majesty, tbit it may lie enacted; and be it enadfced by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament The recited assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and aet repealed, after the passing of this act, the abovementioned ad shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

Penalty on im> II And be it further enacted, That if any person or perlbns property dy. whomsoever (hah, after the passing of this act, within that part ko^aforma Great Britain called ewales, and Berwick

s^bistn^ye, or cause to be dyed, any dotha, bays, or other woollen*goods of any kind or fort whatibever, as or for mstber blacks, the same not being dyed throughout in rise first place with void and indigo, every such person shall forfeit and pay the rdpeftiv: penalties following (that is to say, )

For every piece of long Boding bays, containing seventy

yards, or upwards, the sum of five pounds :

For every piece of Colchcfer bays, or (hort bays, containing thirty-five yards, 'or upwards, the sum of fifty Shillings:

And for every piece of other woollen goods of any kind or fort whatibever, the sum of sixpence per yard, and alro for And if any person or perlbns whomsoever shall, alter the

woadad passing of this at, within that part of Great Britain aforesaid,

bi«cks. dve, or cause to be dyed, any woollen doth as or for woaded black, the same not being woaded throughout, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and'pay for every piece at such doth the sum of two Shillings per yard.

III And be it further enacted by the authority afotdaid, Mither black That ajl doth, bays, and other woollen goods, which shall^*°*^ be truly mathered black according to the directions of this act, riifhngiriflirrt b marked with a red rose and a blue rose; all woollen by peculiar doth which shall be truly woaded black throughout, according

mark. to the directions of this act, shall be marked with a blue role

Penalty w only: and if any person or perlbns whomsoever shall counterfeit

counterfeiting or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any of the said those marks.' staktla, or shall dye, (tain, imprint, or affix, any such mark to

ogle

1783*1 Araio vicesimo tertio Gsoiqii IL C 15. a 17

or upon any such woollen clothes falsely and deceitfully dyed as or for mathered or woaded blacks, as aforjesaid, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of jour pounds for every piece of such woollen goods to 6r upon which such mark shall be so stained, imprinted, or affixed, as aforesaid.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That if any person or persons whomever shall, after the pass Penalty on ingof this ast, within that part of Great Britain aforesaid, use, using logwood or cause to be used, any logwood, or logwood liquor, in dying r blue any clothes, bays, or other woollen goods of any kind or^*vouea- sort whatsoever, every such person shall, for every such offence, goj>cu bloc, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds for every piece of such cloth, bays, or other woollen goods, in the dying of which any logwood, or logwood liquor, shall have been made use of as aforesaid.

V And, for the better preventing frauds and abuses in the dying

$ (bibs, bays, and other woollen goods, be it enatfed, That the Searchers to matter, wardens, and court of assistants of the company of dyers appointed of London, under the common seal of the said company, toge ^ooiicitgl^ds there with John Barchard, John Cole, Samuel Farmer, Chamberlain dyed black or Goodwin, Chamberlain Goodwin junior, Jacob Mills, John Platt, blue, in Lon edward Seward, Joseph Seward, Richard Still, Thomas Vincent, d<?n» and and Thomas Whitehead, or any three or more of them, shall ^ilcs'thereof# and are hereby empowered and required to appoint such number of persons as they shall think proper, to be searchers of all,

(hops, warehouses, workhouses, and tenter grounds or drying places, of all and every person and persons, companies, and corporations, using or exercising the trade, art, .or mystery, ot dying of clothes, bays, or other woollen goods of every kind ot sort whatsoever; and also of all and every person and. persons concerned in the dying, drying, or packing of any such clothes bays, or other woollen goods, and also all public warehouses, and other public places where any clothes, bays, or .o{her woollen goods, paqked up for exportation, shall be deposited situate within the city of London, and within the distance of ten miles of the said city; and from time to time to appoint others in the room of such as die, resign, or be removed; and every searcher foto be appointed as aforesaid.. hereby authorised and empowered, at all seasonable times in the daytime; enter into any such (hop, warehouse, workhouse, ten ter ground, or drying place, and other places as aforesaid, And to /earch for and examine all or any clothes, bays, and otner woollen goods dyed black or blue, whether the lame be packed or unr..

paeked, and also to cut and take away a pattern or (ample from other end of every piece of such woollen goods as he shall think "proper, for the purpose of trying and proving the same such" " taking to his afftftance a constable, or other peace officer, of the parish or place wlferein such (hop, warehouse, \workr house, tenter ground, or drying place, or other place as afore;*;

shall be situate 2 and every such constable, or other peace Voi, XXXIV Q officer

ctfc

iis Anno vicesimo tertio Gsoroii III C 15. [1713!

Officer, is hereby required to be aiding and affixing to such Searcher in the execution of this act, whenever application shall he made to him for that purpose.

On the death VI And be it further enacted, That when and as often ss of any of the any of the persons herein before named, or to be appointed in manner htrein after mentioned, toad in the appointmentof ed to appofnt Marchers as aforesaid, shall die, or refuse to ad, the (urviving searchers, or remaining persons so named or appointed, or any three or others shall be more of them, shall, and are hereby required, by writing un room? in the r CT cf hands from time to rhyme, as soon as conveniently may be after such death or refusal to act as aforesaid, to appoint another person (using or exercising the trade of a dyerof woollen goods, and residing within the limits aforesaid) in the roooof the person dying or refuting to ad; and every person foto be appointed shall have the like power and authority to ad in the appointment of searchers as aforesaid, as the person in whole place he shall succeed was inverted with.

First meeting VJI. And be it further enacted. That the said company of who'*rperf°n* <tyers>atl{* tie p*rf°n* herein before authorised to ad in the point^mrch3 appointment of searchers, or any three or more of such persons, shall hold their first meeting for the appointment of searchers as aforesaid, at Dyers Hall, in the city of Londen, - upon the seventh day next after the parting of this a, between the hours of eleven and two of the clock, and may then, and from time to time afterwards, atqourn themselves, and meet at the same, or any other place or places within the said city, as qften as dull be necessary, for the appointment of searchers within the limits aforesaid, according to the directions of this act; but if at any meeting appointed to be held as aforesaid, it shall happen that a sufficient number of the persons authorised to ad in the appointment of searchers as aforesaid shall not attend, or shall omit to adjourn such meeting, then, and in every such case, any one or more of such persons may adjourn such meeting to such time and place within the said city as he or they mall think proper; and every such adjournment shall be as valid six! ertedual as if made or done by all the persons aforesaid.

VIII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in case, at any meeting to be held for the appointment of

pany shall not searchers as aforesaid, the said company of dyers shall not at attend at any tend, it shall be lawful for the persons herein before named, or other^persons to* app°'nte^ to ain the appointment of searchers as afore attending may said, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby autbo - -'rized and empowered to appoint such person or persons as they shall think proper, to be a searcher or searchers of woollen goods within the limits aforesaid; and every searcher foto be appointed shall have the like power and authority in all resperts to act as a searcher in pursuance of this act, as if he had been appointed by the said company of dyers, and the persons hereinbefore named, or to be appointed as aforesaid.

IX Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said company of dyers, and the several persons hereinbefore

In fe the dyer com

appoint searcher 3.

If the persons herein before authorised

1783*1 Anno vicesimo tertio georgu III C 15. authorised to a A in the appointment of searchers, or any three Aallnegledto or more of such persons, shall refuse or neglect to appoint and Slumber of continue a proper number of persons to be searchers as afore searcher, the said, any two persons using or exerdfing the trade of a dyer of quarter fef woollen goods may apply to the justices, at any general quarter "p "wy P sessions of the peace to beholden within the limits aforesaid, p0*01 them, and make complaint of such refusa! or neglect; and it shall be lawful for the justices at such sessions to make inquiry touching die matter of such complaint; and if it shall appear to them that a proper number of searchers for the purpose aforesaid shall not be appointed, the said justices shall, and are hereby authorised and empowered to appoint such person or persons as they shall judge neeeflary to be a fcarcher or searchers of woollen goods within the limits aforesaid; and every fcarcher foto be appointed (hal have the like power and authority in all respects 0 act as a fcarcher in pursuance of this act as if he had been appointed by the said company of dyers, and the persons here fct befare authorised to at in the appointment of searchers, of by any three or more ef such persons, in manner before di ftded.

X And, in order to prevent the Hie frauds and abates in the ing of woollen goods within futb plates as are not within the limits aforesaid, be it further enabled. That the justices of the peace. In all part of at thdr respective general or quarter sessions of the peace to be E "8j, d ut homen for the respective counties, cities, towns, and places,

within that part of Great Britain calied, Wales, and fcarcher* (hill

Berwkb upon Tweed, (other than within the limits herein b.c.. be appointed fore mentioned, ) shall, and are hereby required from time to byindices time lo appoint such person or persons as they shall respectively ffs think proper to be a searcher or searchers within their respective ftffion*. jurisdictions; and every person foto be appointed shall be, and h hereby invested with the like power and authority to act as a searcher in pursuance of this act, within the limits for which he shall be so appointed, as ate herein befbre given to any person who shall be appointed a searcher within the city of, and within the distance of ten miles of the said city.

XI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Searcher to person shall be capable of adtmg as a searcher in the execution be sworn. of this act, until he shall have taken and subscribed an oath to

the eflfed following:

I Do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and, exe The oath.

tale and perform the trust reposed in me as, by virtue ef an a8 of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign ef its majesty King George the Third, for rendering more eflfedual the provibotk contained in an act of the thirteenth year of King Georgy the First "preventing frauds and abuses in the dy - "trade."

Whidr oath the persons by whom he shall be appointed, or any one of them, arc or is hereby empowered to adminlfter.

Q 0 XIL And

220

Penalty on obstructing U archers.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Prosecutions to be commenced within 40 days.

Anno vicctmk) tertio Georgii III C 15. [1783.

XII And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Tonnes shall, in any manner, oppose, obstruct, hinder, or prevent, any searcher foto be appointed as aforesaid, in the execution or any of the. powers hereby vetted in him, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the ium of ten pounds.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures for offences against this act, where the same shall exceed the sum of five pounds, shall or may be recovered, in the name of any person who shall inform or sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no effoin; privilege, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and that all penalties and forfeitures for offences against this act, where the same shall not exceed the sum of five pounds, shall, upon proof of the offences respectively before any justice of the peace for the county, city, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, cither by theconfession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath such justice is hereby empowered to administer) be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party offending, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice', directed to any constable, or other peace officer, of any ward, precinct, parish, town, or place where the offender shall inhabit, or can be found, (being within the Jurisdiction of such justice)) the overplus, after such penalties and forfeit tures, and the charges of such distress and sale, are deduced, shall be returned, upon demand, to the owner of such goods and chattels; and in case sufficient distress cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, such justice shall, and is hereby authorised and required to cause the offender or offenders to be committed to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for such time as such justice shall think fit, not exceeding three months; and one tnoiety of all penalties and forfeitures which shall be recovered, by virtue of this act, from any person or persons residing within the city of London, or within the distance of tea miles of the said city, mall go and be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety shall be applied and disposed of in such manner as shall from time to time be directed by the persons attending any meetings to be held for the appointment of searchen within the city of London, and within ten miles of the said city, as aforesaid; and the whole of all other penalties and forfeitures which shall be recovered by virtue of this act, (hai! go and be paid to the informer or informers, and prosecutor ot pro fecu tors.

XIV Provided always. That all prosecutions for offences against this act shall be commenced within forty days next after the offences (hau be respectively committed or discovered, and not afterwards and shall be prosecuted. with effect and without

o delay;

1783*] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 15. 221

delay; and if any person shall think him or herself aggrieved Persons ag

by the judgement or order of any justice of the peace, touching r ofbanv °

the conviction for any offence against this act, such person may j %jce, may

appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter appeal to the

icuions to be held for the county, city, town, or place, where quarter fef

the offence shall be committed, he or she first giving reasonable

and sufficient notice of such appeal to the prosecutor or prosecutors;

and the judgement and determination of the justices at

such general quarter fefitons shall be final and Conclusive upon

all parties; and the said justices are hereby empowered, upon

such appeal, to allow such reasonable costs and charges to either

party as they shall think just; the same to be levied and paid

in such manner as is usual in other cases of appeal from

orders of any justices of the peace to the general quarter fcf

fions. '

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted Limitation of against any person or persons, for any matter or thing done in pursuance of this act, every such action or suit shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the cause of action shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the county, city, or place, where the same shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act General ifflie. and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the matter or thing for which such action or suit shall be commenced was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought or commenced after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, thejury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a difcontipuance of his, her, or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be riven against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for Treble costs. the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other case by law.

XVI And be it further enacted, That this act shall be Publfck a, deemed a public ad; and shall be judicially taken notice of as

such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP.

0.3

Anno ricefitno tertio Georgii III C 16. [17s3. CAP. XVI

An abfor authorifingthe treasurerto pay to

and navel department at Gibraltar, like bounty for certain Spanish flaps of war, as is allowed to tie officers and mm on board any of his Majesty's ships of war taking or dtflreykg ships of war belonging to too enemy.

WHEREAS by two several alls of of the nine'

'and twentieth years of the reign of Ns present jessy, for the encouragement of seamen, and the more fpetdy and effectual manning of hit majesty's navy, the if

the navy are direbtd to issue bills for the payment to all, [toman, marines, fcidlers, or others, who have been tt

Preamble.

Recital of 19 Geo. 3. C 67. and so Geo.«. C.SJ.

for every man alive on board the ships so sunk, or

wise defrayed, at the beginning if the attack or engagement: whereas in the month of September, one thousand seven hundred tad eighty-two, an attack was made upon his Majtfiy's garri/m at Gibraltar, by ten battering ships of war belonging to bit ceik flek Majesty, all which ships of war by the and

the naval department at the pert Gibraltar, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroytd, and in the month of Odiober, in the same year, 0 Spaniuiyftrp of war, taued The Saint Miguel, fsurrendered ti the said garrison and naval department: and whereas, by the of the fai4 alls, the officers and men of the said and navel

department, are not entitled to the said bounty, for burning, Jtniing,

tr otherwiftdefraying, the said battering ships of war, or for

the feud Span 1 (h slip of war, as: and whereas tt is

proper that all me encouragement be given to the dflinguished merit of the officers and men of the said garrison and naval apartment at Gibraltar, for their long and gallant defence of that imftrl ant fortress: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be jpnacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituil and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afitm the eanifon bled, and by the authority of the same. That the officers and pfgibi altar, men belonging to the garrison of Gibraltar, and to the navil drpan'ment department at the said port of Gibraltar, at the respective times there, inti the attack being made upon the said garrison, and the fur tied to had render of the said Span 'tflship of war as aforesaid, shall be in money for de titled to, and shall receive the said bounty of five pounds for fioatimf bat every man hying on board the said battering ships of war, at terles, kc*beginning of the said attack; and also for every man living on board the said spanish ship of war, at the time of her surrendering to the said garrison and naval department, as aforesaid, in as full and ample manner as the officers and men on board any of his majesty's ships of war are by the said alls entitled to " ...............'........'the

*783.] Anfto vicesimo tertio Gzonoii III C 17, 18. nj

the bounty thereby allowed upon the taking or destroying any dhips of war belonging to (he enemy; and the commissioners of Ills majesty's navy shall, and they are hereby authorised and navy to make required (upon proof made, to the satisfaction of the said com out bills for anissioners, by certificates, of otherwise, of the number of men that purpose, living on board the said battering ships of war, and the said Spcmjb ship of war, at the time of the said attack and surrender respectively) to make out bills for the amount of the said bounty, directed to the treasurer of his majesty's navy, to be divided amongst the officers, soldiers, fcafnen, and. mariner, within and belonging to the said garrison and naval department, at the respective times aforesaid, in such manner, and in such proportions, as his Majesty (h*ll graciously please to order, direct, arid appoint; and the treasurer of the navy shall, and is hereby authorised and required to pay all such bills, according to the course of the navy, to the said officers, soldiers, Teamen, and marines, or to such agent or agents as they shall authorise and appoint to receive the lame, without fee or reward; and such agent or agents shall be subject and liable to the like regulations and directions, as any agent or agents appointed by virtue of the said acts are thereby made (ubjed and liable to.

CAP. XVII

An act for punishing mutiny and de&rtion j and for the better payment

of the army and their quarters. - .this act to continue as to Great

Britain, from March 24, 1783, to April 25, 1715; and as to Jersey, Guernsey, CC from April jo, 1783, till May 1, 1784; and as to Gibraltar, and his majesty's other dominions beyond sea tram March 24, 1784, till March 24, 1785.

cap. xviii.

An for rendering the payment of credit on more equal and expeditious, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and far mating perpetual so much of an act made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to bills and promissory notes.

THERE AS by the common hwy in that part of Great Preamble.

W Britain, called Scotland, the perjonal estates of ft.h debtors as Became infohent were generally carried off by the diligence of arrest ment and poinding, executed by a few creditors, who from the nearness of their reftdence to and connexion with such debtors, got the ear hest intelligence of the infohency, to the great prejudice of creditors more remote and unconnected and to the disappointment of that equality which ought to take place in the distribution of the estates of insolvent debtors among their creditors: And whereas an act was pajfcd in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act Recital of is for rendering the payment of the creditors of iofolvent debtors Gco* 8* C 7 % more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the diligence of the law by arreftment and poinding! and for extending the prj

QA vileget

Anno vicesimo tcrrio Georgii IIL C i8. [1783.

Alleges of bills topromiflory notes, and for limiting actions upon bills and promissory notes, in that part of Great Britain, called Scotland; which was continued by another act made in the twentieth yt(tr of the reign of his present Majesty, but is now about to expire, and bath moreover been found by experience to be in same respecti inefficient for answering the putpofes thereby intended; and it being expedient that the plan of the said aftshould be varied, and that same other rules and regulations Should be made for putting the diligence f creditors upon an equal and proper footing, and preventing unjafl re ferences and accumulation of expense, and likewise for operating 0 more speedy di/lributfon of the estates of bankrupts both real and per final, especially where such estates belong to persons engaged in trade and manufactures, may it therefore plfeafe your Majesty that it may he enacted; and be it enabled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia* What shall be meitt assembled, and by the authority of the same. That in all deemtd fpffi actions and questions arising upon the construction and eflfed of °* the act of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thou pai rup cy fan(j gx hun(jreci and ninety six, intituled, An act for declaring notour bankrupts, when a debtor is out of Scotland, or not liable to be imprisoned by reason of privilege or personal pro tod ion, a charge of horning executed against him, together with either an arreftment of any of his personal effects not loosed or discharged within fifteen days, or a poinding executed of any of nis movables, or a decree of adjudication of any part of his heritable estate, or fequeftratioh by the act of a proper court of all or any part of his estate or effects, heritable or movable, for payment of debt, shall, when joined with insolvency, be held as sufficient proof of notour banktuptcy; and from and after the last stepped of such diligence, the said debtor, if insolvent, shall be held as bankrupt.

Dircdionsre II And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That wh$k Jative to ar.. debtor is made bankrupt in terms of the said act, made in the rertmentsof year pne thousand six hundred and ninety six, as nowextend vupt8 ed, all arreftments which shall have been used for attaching any personal effects of such bankrupt within thirty days prior to the bankruptcy, or within four calendar months immediately subsequent, v(hall be paripaffu preferable: and in order to faveas far possible, the expense of a multiplicity of arreftments, it is declared, That where the effects of a debtor are arrested by any creditor, within thirty days before the bankruptcy, or within four months after it, and a process of forthcoming or multiple poinding is brought in which such arreftment is founded on, it shall be competent for any other creditor, producing his interest, and making his claim in the said process, at any time before the expiration of the said four months, to be ranked in the same manner as if he had used the form of arreftment; the expense of raising the process, and of the diligence, at the instance of (he creditor who raises it, being always paid out of the common fund.., .

'' II And

elfcfti.

1783.] Anno vicefirto tertio Georgii III C 18. a

III And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an arreftment executed at the market cross of Edinburgh, and pier and shore of Leithy in the hands of any person out of the kingdom, without other sufficient notification, shall not interpcl the arreftee from paying bona side to the original creditor.

IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Poinding of poinding of the movables belonging tp such bankrupt, within movables thirty days before his bankruptcy, as aforesaid, jor within four "itbin a cer calendar months thereafter, shall give a preference to such poin

dcr over the other lawful creditors of the bankrupt, but the bankruptcy, goods so poinded shall be considered as in medio, and the person not to give a receiving the price of them shall be liable to make the same pr?fef*n<£i0 forthcoming, so as that all the other creditors of the bankrupt potnu«rc. who are possessed of liquidate grounds of debt, or decrees for payment, shall be intitied to their portion of. the same; provided they make their claim by summoning the poindefr at toy time before the expiration of the said four month's, deducing always the expense of such poinding from the first end of the price of such goods, together with twenty percent. on the appraised value, which the poinder shall retain to account of his debt, in preference to the other creditors, reserving liberty to him to rank on the remaining sum for the full amount of the dtbt contained in his diligence. V k

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That diredionsre all actions of sale of lands, or other heritable subjects, .raised or Utive to ac to be raised and pursued at the instance of creditors before j*"*offtleof the court of session, upon any of the statutes in that behalf f^be .made, (hal proceed and be carried of ta a conelusion, by actual instance of sale, as soon as the necessary previous Aeps of a sale, are taken, creditors be whether the. ranking of the creditors is concluded or not, un fore court less the court upon application of the creditors, or any of them, cf session shall And sufficient cause to delay the sale; any law or practice

to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful to the purchaser, at any term of Wbitjunday or Martinmas subsequent to the term of payment of the price, to lodge the price, with the interest due upon it, in the royal bank, or bank of Scotland, at such interest as can be procured for it; declaring always, that by so doing, and giving notice thereof to the common agent who carried on the sale, he shall be exonerate, the same way as if the price had been consigned in the hands of the magistrates and town council of Edinburgh, as required by the sixth act of the parliament of Scotland, in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety five, which ad is so far hereby repealed; and further declaring. That the court of session, on the application of any of the creditors, shall be empowered to make an order on the purchaser to lodge the. price and interest at any of the said terms subsequent to the term of payment in one or other of the said banks; sufficient intimation being always previously given both to the purchqfer and to the common agent for the Creditors, that such application is made, in order that all parties may have an opportunity to object and in order to lcflen

_ the

, axe Anno vloefirao tcrtjogiprgu III C 18. [1783,

he number of adjudi^ptfsrivand consequently the expense upon a bankrupt cftatd, the lord ordinary officiating in the court of session, before whom any process of adjudication i calied, shall ordain intimation thereof to be made in the minute book, and on the wall, in order that any other creditors of the common debtor who may think proper to adjudge his estate, and. are in readme!* for it, may produce the innrudions of there debts, andbeconjoiaedin the decree of adjudication; andarea fonabie time, not exoeeding twenty fed runt days, shall be given for that purpose, ttnfefs there be any hazard from a delay, which the court, or the lord ordinary, shall judge of.

VI And whereas it is so tbt of that tbt efiatos

of theft eonctrntd i trade and eunufaqurts, whin they are anabit to mfwet tbt dttnands upon thtm> be

hotted among their creditors in the nooft expeditious Manner, mtb

ten abiding the ordinary forms of laviy be it enacted by the autbo

Who maybe vity aforesaid. That if any person in that part of Great Britain made bank called Stotlond, being a merchant or trader in grots or by rs -- trail, or a banker, broker, or underwriter, or a m an ufa (Surer, artificer, or mechanrck, And in general any person who, either for himself, or as an agent or factor for others, dealt in the pnrchakr, or fate, or workmanship, of goods or commodities other than for his own use and coofomptibn, or the produce of his own eft ate, or of anysubjea held by him as'lessee or tenant, (and particularly excepting landholders, and occupiers or tenants of land, or aether heritages, holders of India flock, or of (lock in any of the banks eftabluhed by public authority, or in the friendly insurance company at Edinburgh againil fire, if suck persons be not otherwise bona side under one or other of the foregoing descriptions, ) shall be under diligence by horning and caption for debt, and shall either, in virtue thereof, be imprisoned, or retire to a sanctuary, or fly or abscond for his personal Safety, or defend his person by force; or being out of sat land, or not liable to be imprisoned by reason of privilege or personal protection, shall be under diligence by charge of horning, attended with arreflment, not looted or discharged within fifteen days, or poinding of any part of his movables, or decree of adjudication of any part of his heritable estate, for payment of debt, at the instance of any creditor, it shall be lawful Method of to any creditor of the Said person, whole debt shall amount to procedure the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, or any two creditors

therein. whose debts shall amount to the sum of one hundred and fifty

pounds sterling, or to any three or more creditors whole debts amount to the sum of two hundred pounds sterling, or upwards, at any time within four calendar months of the last step of the said diligence, to apply, by Summary petition, to the court of Session while the session is sitting, or to the lord ordinary on the bills m time of vacation, for a fcquestration of tbit said debtor's estate, real and personal; and upon production of the grounds of debt aforesaid, and the creditor or creditors, at whole inftanee the application is made. Swearing to the verity

of

s 783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 18. 227

of their debts htfom any judge ordinary, or justice of peaces and amo, that they believe the party against whom the application w made to be a merchant, or otherwise under the description above set forth and with and under the foregoing exceptions, the said court; or the lord ordinary shall grant warrant for eking the said debtor, by delivering to him personally, or by leaving at hit dwclliag house, a copy of the said petition; or, if the said debtor i out of Scotland, by affixing copies upon the market cross of Edinburgh, pier and (bore of Leith, and alfb leaving a copy at bit last dwdling house, or house of business, in Scotland, to appear in court within the time (perilled in the warrant of citation, not being less than six, nor more than forty days from the date of the citation, to (how cause why sequestration (hold not be awarded; and at the time of minting fetch warrant of citation, the court, or the lord ordinary,

au ltkewife, if defiled, grant the ufiul authority, at the m stance of the petitioners, for recovering written evidence of the bid diligence 1 and upon production of such evidence at the diet of appearance, if the debtor Stall not appear either in per Ion, or by hie counfd or agent, or (o appearing, shall not instantly produce written evidence of the debt or debts being satisfied upon which the diligences proceeded, and alb pay or fetisfy the debt or debts due to the petitioner or petitioners, cr shew other reafo nabte cause why further proceeding fhaum not be had, the court, or the lord ordinary, ihau immediately award fitqucftrad an of the said debtor's whole real and perfbnal estate. The court. See.

VII And be it eaaded by the authority aforesaid, That to appoint a the court of the lord ordinary flistll* by the same deliverance meeting of which awards the iequeftration, make an order upon the credi c' "'for*»who

*« air CO u(d6 81

tors to meet upon a certain day and hour, being not more than fr^or.

three weeks from that date, and as much sooner as circumstances

may permit; the said meeting to be at a convenient place,

cither where the bankrupt resides, or where his business is or

was last carried on, or as near it as possible, in order to name an

interim factor upon the sequestrated estate real and perfenal;

yrhich deliverance the petitioning creditor or creditors Quit

forthwith capfe to be advertised in the Edinburgh newfpapcvs

called The Caledonian Mercury, and Edinburgh Evening Courant,

otherwise the whole proceedwigs to be null and void; and the

foetid court, or lord ordinary, shall at the same time grant commission

to any resident magistrate of the burgh, or to the fberiff

or stewart depute or substitute of the county or stewartry where

the meeting is to be held, or, failing them, any justice of the

peace to be named by the court, to attend the aid meeting of

creditors, and to receive production of their grounds of debt,

with the oaths thereon after mentioned, and to sign the minutes

of the creditors, along with the presses chosen by them; and

all questions at this meeting lhah be determined by a majority

of the creditors in value or extent of debt appearing at

the said meeting, by themselves or others authorised by them,

and whole grounds of debt and oaths thereon are (0 produced,

VIII And

228

factor to gy security.

Court, upon awarding the sequestration, may lock up

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 18. [iyj|

VIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatt person chosen at the said meeting by the majority aforesaid j interim factor, shall be entitled to the office, and shall find fj curity for his faithful management, to such extent as the fa majority shall think reasonable; and the said fatftor (hau in a copy of the minutes of this meeting in a book of fede which shall be signed by the said commissioners and by L presses of the meeting, and kept by the factor as his warrant fa acting; and the principal minutes of the said meeting, at whit .the factor is appointed, being signed by the said commissione by the presses of the meeting, and by the factor named and aj cepting of the office, shall be transmitted by the commissiooi to the clerk of the sequestration, to be kept among the recori of the court of feffioti.

, IX And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That up awarding the sequestration, the court, or the lord ordinal shall, if desired by the petitioning creditors, grant warrant!

the bankrupt'* the kid commissioner to feil up, and cause put under safe 1 (hop. Scc. tody, the books and papers of the bankrupt, and to lock up I

(hop, warehouse, or other repositories, and to keep the kei thereof, till a factor is named as before directed, to whom thl shall be delivered, and iubjeci in, the mean time to such ordd and directions as the said court, or lord ordinary, or the sin commissioner, may think proper to give on the application <

my party concerned; and it shall be competent for the court, or the lord ordinary, even from the date of the application for sequestration, to give such interim orders as the circumstances of the case may require, for preventing embezzlement or damage to the effects, upon application of any of the creditors, and cause shewn.

X And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any merchant, or other person deicribed as above, and with and under the aforesaid exceptions, whether diligence has been exe

100i may ap cuted him or not, shall make a joint application along

plv to the .with.any creditor whose debt shall amount to thefumofone court for a fe hundred pounds sterling, or any two creditors whose debts shall questrationof amount to the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds sterling, ku state. or anyjthree.or more creditors whose debts shall amount to the sum of two hundred pounds sterling, or upwards, and oath being made as abcve to the verity of these debts, and the parties, or their agent, also making oath, to their knowledge or belief, of the debtors being under the description which he assumes, the said court, or the lord ordinary, are hereby authorised and required to award sequestration of the debtor's eftste, real and personal, in like manner, and the procedure shall go on as before directed.

XI And be it enacted by the authority. That no sequestration shall be awarded against any person having an estate or effects

Jn Scotland, who at the time of the application does not cither person not re re side or has a dwelling house or house of business there, or at Scotland, C such rcfi^nc$ or dwelling house or house of business

Any merchant, See. jointly with a creditor for

No sequestration to be awarded against any

witbia

1783*] Annos vfcelimo tertio Georgii III C 18. 329

1

within a year previous to the application, unless the debtor himself, or those acting for him, concur in the application.

XII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Method of estates of all corhpanies carrying on business under any of the denominations or descriptions above set forth, and with and un compa der the above exceptions, may be sequestrated upon the appli* nil cation either of those entitled to a A for them, with consent of

any creditor of suchr company whose debt amounts to the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, or any two creditors whose debts amount to the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds sterling, or any three or more creditors whose debts amount to the sum oftwo hundred pounds sterling, or upwards; or at the application of such creditor or creditors themselves whose debts are to the amount already mentioned; in which last case it must appear, that diligence has been done against one or more of the partners of the Company for payment of a company debt, in the same way and manner as is before required to found an application against individuals; and in cither case, the procedure hereby directed with regard to individual debtors shall be followed out; and it shall be sufficient to cite the company, by leaving a copy at the house or (hop where their business is carried on, or where any of their managing partners reside; or if the said honfes and (hop be (hut up r deserted by them, a copy shall be affixed at the market crois of Edinburgh, and pier and shore of Leith.

XIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it Petition of fe

shall be necessary for the party applying for the sequestration to queftratioa to record the petition of sequestration, and the first deliverance M

thereon, in the general register of inhibitions, within twenty reger of in four hours after the said deliverance is pronouneed; and the hibitions. same shall, from the date of the application, be held equivalent '

to an inhibition against the debtor, for behoof of the whole creditors, in case of the fequestration being finally awarded; and it shall not be in the power of the bankrupt, after sequestration is awarded, to stop proceedings by paying off the debt on which the diligence and petition foresaid did proceed, nor shall the proceedings be of any effeeft unless the said petition and deliverance are so registered.

XIV Provided always, That if the debtor, agairfft whom jn what cases

sequestration has been awarded without his own concurrence, afequeftratioi^ or if any creditor who has not concurred in, of consented to the rc'

application, shall appfehend that the party against.whom it is called awarded docs not come within the description before given, or

falls under any of the exceptions therefrom, such debtor or ere jditor shall be at liberty, at anytime within thirty days after sequestration is awarded, to apply to the court of session* if sitting, or to the lord ordinary on the bills in time of vacation, setting forth the grounds upon which the sequestration ought to be recalied, in respect of the description not being applicable; and this petition being, intimated to the party at whose inftante the sequestration was obtained, or the known agent of that party, and a reasonabktime given to make answers thereto, the court or lord .ordinary determine fuaunarijy upon the same.

-

330 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C if. {1783.

and Audi gramme commission, if necessary, for taking proof of the fads; rod if upon evidence it Shall appear that the person again if whoa the Sequestration i awarded, does not fall within the meaning or terms of this act, as not being under any of the descriptions above set forth, or as fidline under any of the exceptions therefrom, the fcquestration shall be recalied; or, if the petition is found to be without fuffideat ground, h shall be dismifled; but in the mean time, until thia matter is llnlly determined, the proceedings under the fcquestration dull go on as if no such application bad been made.

General meet XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforefad, of the ere That the sud factor shall, immediately after being fb naoved, hddo°chuf* obliged to publish an advertisement in the two iagattuftee,newspapers before mentioned, intimating the fequeftmrion, and that a general meeting of the creditors is to be held on fndi day ana at Inch place as the creditors, at the meeting before mentioned, shall have fixed in their minutes, (the laid day being not less that four, nor more than eight weeks after the advertisement, ) for the purpose of ebufing a trustce; and in _ the mean time, the factor shall enter upon the management of the estate, and shall, within two day after hit appointment, apply to the Sheriff or stewart depute or Substitute of the county car stewartry when the debtor rtfides, or where his bufioefa was carried on, who is hereby authorised and required»name one day in each of the four succeeding weeks to be frt apart for bankrupt.&c. the public examination of the bankrupt and of his family, or w be esamitt others ocqaaimed with his bufioeft, in the Sheriff court house of the diftrin, a see of one guinea each sitting being allowed to the Sheriff or stewart depute, if he officiates, or half a guinea each sitting to the substitute; and such periodical meetings being fixed, the same shall be immediately published by the factor in each of the two Edinburgh newspapers before mentioned, by an advertisement, inviting the whole creditors to be present at such examination, that they may have an opportunity of putting such questiont as shall be judged of importance. for rendering the discovery and surrender more complete; and the said judge shall, if necessary, issue his warrant for appro bending the bankrupt, or any of his family, or others who are to be examined, if within his jurisdiction, in order to force their appearance; or if they be without his juriidkftihn, the court of session, or lord ordinary on the bills, mall, on the application of the factor, grant such warrant for apprehending and bringing them before the judge, who is to take the examination, as aforesaid; and if any of these persons Shall happen to be indisposed, or otherwise unable tu attend at that time, the court, or lord ordinary on the bills, may grant commission for examining them etfewhere; and it shall be competent for the fader or for the trustce to apply at any time for re examining those persons, upon due advertisement given in manner roreftwd; and the court, or lord ordinary on the bills. Shall likewise.' .' exfe it be necessary, grant a peribnal protedioo to the bankrupt, the application: of the fedtur or trustee, far Such tiaac as may

<73 L Anno viccfima tertio Georgii III C i 231

be requisite for enabling him to attend the diets of examination, or may grant warrant to mcffengers at arms, or other officers of the law, to bring his person out of prison, in order to attend such meetings, and thereafter to carry back him to prison.

I XVL And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the Bankrupt to tfcrions to be examined appearing, or being brought in virtue make a full I the said warrant, before the fhcriff or flewart depute, or sub- difeoveryof and in presence of the fafior and such creditors as choose estate!

attend, the bankrupt shall make a full and fair discovery of Jus whole estate, heritable and movable, wherever situated, in | finding any estate in expedtancy which he may have an even taal right to by contract of marriage, entail, or otherwise, and j toll exhibit in writing a full state of his affairs; and the judge toll proceed in the examination of him and the other persona jforejaidi and the said state and whole procedure shall be in fated in the book of iederunt, to be subscribed by the said judge examinator, and by the bankrupt, and likewise by the hftor, together with a list of books, papers, accounts title deeds, and documents, foupd in his poflection, or produced by him, and a rental of his lands; all which books, and other writings, shall be delivered over to th factor; and at jtbe last oftbek examinations the bankrupt shall take and subscribe the'Wowing oath:

I A. B, do, in the prefeme of Almighty God, end as I shall an Bankrupt's finer to God at the great day of judgement y folenmly j\'wear, That oat "* six flute of my affairs, subscribed by me, and now delivered up to my mditors, contains a full and true account of all the debts of whatever nature due to me, atid of all my estate and effelh real or personal (ntcessary wearing apparel only excepted) as well as of all claims vjhicb I om entitled to make agzinft any person or persons whatsoevery and of all estate in expetianey, real or prrjonal, which 1 have an eventual right to by contract of marriage, deed of entail, or other xvifey to the best of my knowledge 5 and that the said state likewise emtams a full ana true account of all the debts due by me, or demands upon me, Jo far as 1 know or (an remember, and that 1 have delivered up the whole books, documents, accounts, and papers of every kind belonging to me, which in any way relate to my affairs, and xvbicb were in my possessm* or under my power and have made a full hjdofufe of every particular relating to my affairs. And further I (wear. That I ball forthwith reveal all and every other circum fiance or particular relative to my affairs, or which may tend to increase or diminish my estate, or in which my creditors may be interest,

iiteflly or indirectly, which may at any time hereafter come to my knowledge.

So help toe GOD

And if the person thus called upon is a member of a company, and examined upon the company's affairs, the terms of jtl£s oath shall only be so varied by the judge as to make it

Penalty on Wearing or affirming falsely.

The book of federtmt to be delivered to the acting trustee, along with other books, accounts, C

Clause relative to. the factor and trustee.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 18. [1783;

We to the case; tohich oath being annexed to the fore&id pro ceedings in the book of sederunt, shall also be subscribed by the sheriff or stewart depute or substitute; and if the bankrupt be one of the people called $>uahrs9 it shall be sufficient to take his folecnn affirmation upon the matters contained in the said oath, and likewise in all other cases where an oath is required by this statute: and all persons convicted of taking the above oath or affirmation falsely, shall be held as guilty of perjury, and of fraudulent bankruptcy, and punished accordingly, and for ever rendered incapable of holding any office of public trust or emolument; declaring also, that if the bankrupt shall wilfully fail to exhibit a fair (late of his affairs, or to make oath in terms above specified, or to make a complete surrender, he shall be considered as a fraudulent bankrupt, and punished accordingly, and rendered ever after incapable of bolding any office of public trust or emolument; and in either case shall forfeit every benefit or privilege arising from the ffiatute, and be accounted infamous, and incapable of giving evidence in a court of justice, or of fittting or idling on any assize or jury.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at the general meeting of the creditors appointed and id vertifed as before, for choosing a trustee, the factor shall exhibit the said book of sederunt, to be delivered over to the acting trustee along with all the books, papers, accounts, documents, and title deeds in his hands, relative to the bankrupt's estate and affairs; and the majority of creditors in value or extent of debt present at this meeting shall determine who is to be trustee; but no creditor shall be entitled to a vote at this or any other meeting, who has not, either then or formerly, exhibited his grounds of debt, with an oath thereon, as hereinafter mentioned, and got the same marked or enterbd in the book of sederunt; and at the said or any other meeting it shall be lawful for agents or attorneys, having commissions either general or special from any of the creditors, to appear and vote in all matters wherein their condiments themselves if present might have voted; and the creditors may choose two or more trustees to act in succession, one failing another by death, refigoation, or removal. '

XVIII Provided always. That if the factor named at the first meeting is not chosen trustee, he shall be allowed such gratification. for his trouble, to be retained by him out of the effects in his hands, or to be paid by the trustee, as a majority of the creditors in value at the said meeting shall think reasonable; and the trustee shall find security for his intromissions and faithful management, unless the same be dispensed with by four fifths in number and value of the said meeting, the said dispensing resolution to be always ingrossed in their minutes; and the trustee shall be entitled to an allowance in name of com mtflion for his management, on all sum of itioney which he shall rtitovtr, at such rate pr ant. ts (had be adjusted or fixed by a

majority!

1783.] Anno vicefiiiio tertio Georgii III C 18. 233

majority, in value at the said meeting, or at any after meeting of the creditors advertised for that purpose; and it shall be competent at any time for one fourth of the creditors in value to apply summarily to the court of session for having him removed, upon Cause ffiown; and a majority of creditors in value, at any meeting to be advertised for the purpose, shall likewise be entitled to remove, or to accept of the resignation of any trustee; and in either of these cases, or in the event of the acting tj uftee's death, the next trustee in succession hall be entitled to act; t X

and upon failure of the several trustees originally named, by death or otherwise, it shall he competent to any two of the creditors to apply to the court of session, of lord ordinary on the bills, to cause a meeting of the creditors be held, upon due advmifement, for ehufing a pew trustee or trustees in fpccef. fioqj and in any of ^hefe cases the new acting trustee (hah >

immediately call to account his predeceftbrs in office, or their heirs and representatives, and shall be vested with the same powers, and subject to the same rules and regulations, as any former acting trustee,

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Minutes of That the minutes of this meeting of the creditors eleding a the meeting troftee, or succession of trustees, shall be forthwith reported to the^ourt. the court, or lord ordinary on the bills, by the trustee who is to asia copy of them being previoudy entered in the sederunt book; and the court, or the lord ordinary, shall then issue an order upon the bankrupt, to execute and deliver, within a certainreasonable time to be specified in the interlocutor, a difpo fitioti or dispositions making over to the said trustee or trustees in their order his whole real and personal estate, wherever situ;

and which shall specially deferibe and convey the subjects so far as they are known, or so far as the trustees shall think it necessary, and contain all proper clauses for effectually vesting the right in him, with full powers of sale, for behoof of the creditors; and if the bankrupt shall refuse to obey such order, Bank^the court, or the lord ordinary, may puniffi him by imprison fufmgtoobey ment and in that case, or in case of the said bankrupt being the order of absent from Scotland, or for any other reason not granting such the court, may disposition within the time that he is ordered by the interlocutor foto do, the court, or the lord ordinary, shall, upon the appli 1 cation of the trustee, ifluc an act or decree, finding the property of the whole lequeftrated estate and effects, real and personal, to be in the said trustee or trustees in succession, for behoof of the creditors, and adjudging, decerning, and declaring the whole lands and other heritable estate within the jurisdidion of the court specially enumerated, and which were the property of the bankrupt, to pertain and belong to the trustee or trustees in succession irredeemably, to the end that the same may be (old and converted into money for payment of the creditors; which adjudication shall have the same'eftedt as if the bankrupt had executed the conveyance before mentioned; and the factor originally named shall immediately deliver over to the trustee etery part

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C i [1783.

part of the bankrupt's estate or effedis in his possession, and all securities taken for the same, or any part thereof, and pay. such balancers may appear to be due by him upon settling his accounts 5 declaring always, that if any part of the bankrupt's property happens to be entailed, the conveyance to be executed by him, or the decree of adjudication to be obtained by the trqftee, shall only be understood to carry that right and interest in the estate which the bankrupt himself has, and which his creditors can validly attach.

Disposition of XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the heritable That the said disposition of the heritable estate, together with estate to be re the order of the court, or lord ordinary, on which it proceeds, ferift^of ab or filing thereof, the decree, of adjudication of the court, or of breviatet of*the lord ordinary, shall within sixty days of the date thereof, be adjudications, registered by the trustee in the register of abbreviates of adjudi c" cations, and shall have the effect to entitle the trustee, for behoof

of the whole creditors, to rank in the same manner upon the heritable estate as if it had been a proper decree of adjudication obtained at the date of the interlocutor awarding the fc questration, accumulating the whole debts principal and interest, as at that period, and adjudging for security or payment thereof, so as to rank pari pqffii with any prior effectual adjudication led within year and day of the same 3 and the (kid dif 1 position or adjudication shall not be reduceable upon any of the statutes concerning bankrupts, nor (truck at by any inhibition, or other legal interpellation; saving however, in the ranking upon the price, any other effect which such inhibition or interpellation may have with regard to contradtions of the debtor posterior to the date thereof.

Row the titles XXI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to Upon the said disposition, or decree of adjudication, the feudal pra!^ ftdll tlt*es requisite by the law of Scotland to vest heritable property, ben^dcupm shall and may mae up cither in the person of the trustee, or the per tonne of in the person of the purchaser from him, in virtue of such truf tbetrufte£, C tec's conveyance, agreeable to the forms of the law of Sudani] f and each trustee succeeding a prior trustee, through his death, resignation, or removal, unless substituted to him at his first''shall be vested in the right either by disposition from the former trustee, or by adjudication obtained by the new trustee on a summary application to the court, or lord ordinary, as before; and the superior shall, if required, be obliged to enter the trustee or trustees in the same manner as he is directed by an act made in the twentieth year of his late majesty's reign, for abolishing ward holdings, without being entitled to more than one composition for the whole; and if the trustee shall afterwards discover any other heritable subjects belonging to the bankrupt, and which belonged to him at the dateofthe ' application for sequestration, the same shall either be disponed or adjudged in manner before directed, and to the same efsect; and in case the bankrupt's own titles to any part of the estate, real or persona), which belonged to him at that period, or to

which

1783-] Anno vicesimo tmio Georgii III C 18. 235

which he had then succeeded as apparent heir, neared in kin, or otherwise, to any predecessor, hive not been so cbmpleted as tb ved the right properly in him the factor or trustee shall take the mod safe and eligible iriethod of completing the bankrupt's title; in such way and manner as the law requires; declaring always, that the rules of preference or ranking between the creditors of the ancedor and those of the heir by the law of Scotland are not meant to be altered by anything contained in this act.

XXII And be it further ehaded by the authority afore bankrupt's said. That the whole estate, whether real or personal, belong whole estate, ing to the bankrupt at the period of the fequedration, shall be a^fhc come a fund of division among those who were his creditors on/tohea* prior to the date of the application, and none else, according to fund of diyi their due order of preference; and all payments made by a fion among debtor to any of his creditors after such application, (nail be cr^dit°rtt void and ineffeduai to the receivers in the event of a fequedra 0*fton raking place, and the factor or trudee shall be entitled to recover the money so paid as part of the bankrupts estate; and ail transactions of the bankrupt subsequent to the date of the application, from which any prejudice may arise either to the creditors or to third parties, shall be null and void; declaring always, that nothing herein contained shall oblige a bona side parchafer of any part of the movable effects from the bankrupt whilfe in ponession, and for a price truly paid, to redore the effects so purchased; nor the debtor of a bankrupt, who has paid his debt to him bona side without knowing of the bankruptcy to pay it a second time to the factor or trudee.

XXIII Providing always, That if, after the said application, Eflfedsdevolv and before a finsfl division among the creditors, any estate or | "8j, Pon the effects, either real or personal, shall devolve upon the bankrupt, a?terthc ap ettber in the way of succession, or otherwise, he (had be oblig plication and CD immediately when such event happens, to make a full dif before a final covery thereof to the factor or trudee, and shall, if required, division. make oath to the same before any magidrate of the borough, or lodge ordinary of the county of his residence, in oyder that the factor or trudee may have an opportunity of taking such deps as are necessary or proper for the intered of his condituents*and the said factor or trudee shall likewise give immediate notice thereof to the creditors, either at the fird general meeting, or by advertising a meeting for the purpose.

XXIV And b€ it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Noarreftment no arredment of a debtor's personal estate, or any part of it, of»debtor's tried at any time within thirty days before an application for a p£rfynal fequedration under the authority of this act, shall give any pre aavs^be*fereoce to the arr^ding creditor in the event of a fequedration foreappua tajting place; and the arredee shall be obliged to deliver the tion for e effects arreded, or pay what he owes the bankrupt, to the ^uribation, factor or trudte, as if such arredment had been used for the mah cvall»* whole creditors; and if the arredee has delivered the effects, or paid the money arreded to the arreder, by virtue of a decree of

Ra forth

i, ^ Goc 2

236 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii IIL C 18. [1783.

forthcoming, or any other authority whatever, the arrefier shall be obliged to pay or deliver the same to the taftor or trustee: and in like manner no poinding of a debtor's effects not completely executed thirty days before such application, shall give any right or preference to the poinder in the event of a fcquec tration taking place, but the poinder shall be obliged to deliver to the factor or trustee the goods poinded, if not mid or cfifpof ed of, when he is required foto do; and if t$ey are then sold or disposed of, he shall be liable to account to the said factor or trustee for the appraised value of the goods poinded, and shall make part of the fund to be distributed among the creditors. Proviso. XXV Provided always. That all arrefters and poinders who

shall be deprived of the benefit of their respective diligences in manner foresaid, shall be entitled to demand or retain the expense laid out by them in prosecuting such diligences.

Trustee tore XXVI And be it enacted by the authority aroreiaid. That cover the the trustee, when appointed, shall forthwith proceed to recover m an most effectual manner, the whole

ruprvor the'e^ate under his management or power, whether at home or in benefit of his foreign parts, in order that the same may be distributed among' creditors. the creditors; and he shall be obliged to follow those directions and rules, with regard to the recovery, management, and sale, of the estate real and personal, which are laid down by a majority of the creditors in value, convened at the meeting by which he was appointed, or any subsequent meeting; and besides the dated annual meetings herein after mentioned, the trustee (hal if required at any time by one fourth of the creditors in value who have produced and proved their claims, be obliged to call a general meeting; or he himself may on any emergency call such meeting, sufficient previous intimation (of every occauonal meeting, and the purpoie of calling it, being always given, bj advertisement in the two Edinburgh newspapers before mentioned, three weeks at least before the meeting.

Majority of XXVII And be it Further enabled by the authority afore&kf, creditors in That if any part of the sequestrated estate consists of land. Of tenntne rela other heritable subjects, it shall be optional to a majority of cretin to the ditors in value to determine, either at the meeting appointing Ole of herk the trustee, or at any of the subsequent dated meetings, or other ablecftates. meeting called for the purpose, whether the trustee ip to bring the said heritable estate to judicial sale befoi* thp court of session, or to dispose' thereof by voluntary public late; and if the latter mode is adopted, the sale made, after such advertisement, and at such upset price as shall be fixed by a majority of creditors in value at any such meeting, shall be valid and effectual, with and under the burden of all debts and claims heritably secured upon the estate, in so far as the same ?re preferable to the disposition or decree vesting the said estate in the trustee, and the purchaser shall have no concern with the application of the price; and if a majority of creditors in value determined fqr a judicial sale and ranking the trustee shall be obliged forthwith to proved in the same, and shall be entitled to carry it on as to

1783-1 Annavicesimo tertio Georgii III C 18. 237

a part of the estate, without including the whole, and without

any other proof of bankruptcy than the act of sequestration;

ana it shall be enough to call the bankrupt himself, and his real

creditors in possession, upon a citation of' fifteen days, whether

they are within the kingdom or not, and the edical citations

Shall be dispensed with. <

XXVIII Provided always. That nothing in this act con Not to bar the tained shall bar the right which any preferable heritable creditor right of any may hive by the law, as it (lands at present, to bring his deb preferable he for estate to a judicial sale at his own instance, unless cere 1' such sale has been previously brought at the instance of the

trustec. '

XXIX And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Creditors, in every such process of ranking and sale, the creditors produce whose claims ing their grounds or claims of debt, shall beintitled to prove are objected and constitute the same, if objected to, without bringing separate

t&ions for that purpose; but provided always, that the court 0n to prove shall only allow a reasonable time for so doing; and the creditors the same, shall be entitled to draw their shares of the price, in virtue of the difpolition and adjudication before mentioned, without the necessity of arty other adjudication; and no other adjudication flail be competent after the date of the sequestration.

XXX And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Thifteeto the trustec shall be obliged to lodge 111 money he receives in the in such bank, or with such banking company, as a majority of cre "ccivc*^kr*ee ditors in value at any general meeting shall appoint; and, fail aby to the*ing such appointment, in the royal bank or bank of Scotland, and appointment at such interest at can be procured for the same; and never to of a general retain in his own hands above the sum of fifty pounds fterlin£ meet, DS* for the space of ten days, otherwise to be liable to the creditors

for seven and one half percent. per annum on what ever exceeds the sum of fifty pounds sterling, in name of interest and damages.

XXXI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the trustee shall within ten days after his appointment is confirmed by the court of session, cause publish an advertisement in each of the two Edinburgh newspapers before mentioned, requiring all the creditors to lodge with him their claims, 'and vouchers or grounds of debt, with their oaths for proving the same as directed by this a, within nine calendar months after the date of the interlocutor awarding the sequestration; speci fyinjj the day when the said nine months expire, and certifying those creditors who shall neglect to comply with this requisition, that they shall not be entitled to any share in the first distribution of the debtor's estate.

XXXII And be it further ena^ed by the authority afore fidd, That the trustee shall, within one calendar month after the termination of the said nine calendar months, make up a fbte of the bankrupt's eflfe&s that have been converted into money, and a state of the debts which have been proved, and lodged with him in manner before required, calculating interest

R 3 ... "p0"

An advertisement to be published by the trustee, requiring the creditor to bring in their claims.

Further directions to tha trustee.

t

Court of session to determine all questions re lativetoob je&cd claims, C

Trustee to make up a scheme of division for a second dividend, canno

vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 18. [1783^

upon each up to the date of the sequestration, with a scheme or cast^dividing the free produce of the money so recovered among theyeveral creditors in these debts according to their due order of ranking; which dates and scheme, together with a general date of the bankrupt's affairs brought down to that period, shall lie open, for the inspection of the creditors or their agents, in the trustqe's hands for two months longer, when a Rated general meeting; of the creditors shall be held at the place of the trustee's residence, exaduy at the distance of a year after the sequestration, being the same day twelve months, or the next lawful day thereafter, to give such orders as may appear necessary for the future management, and to receive their first dividends; and the trustee shall give notice thereof two months before by advertisement in the said two Edinburgh newfpipers; and in case any of the debts claimed upon shall be objected to, in whole or in part, or their place in the ranking disputed, or any other objections shall be made to the scheme, as made up by the trustee, a share of the said fund, corresponding to the utraoft amount of the sums or dividends to which the disputed articles may be intituled, shall be left in the bank or banking house where the moneys were deposited as aforesaid, till all such quest^r ons are determined by the court of session, which the said court is hereby authorised and required to do fumiparily, on the application of the trustee, or any other perfori interested, and, in such summary process to allow a proof of die defitsjor of the jedtions, if required 5 and if, in the event of such question, the said sum, or any part of it, shall remain unapplied to the debt or debts for which it was claimed, the same shall go, into the fund for any subsequent distribution; and the shares of creditors not called for at the time of distribution, shall again be deposited on their risque in the hands of the banking company before mentioned, at such interest as can be got jfor the same, which interest so gained shall be for the general behoof.

xxxilir And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That within one calendar month after twenty-one calendar months from the date of the fequellration, the trusteis shall make up another scheme of division among the creditors, who, before the end of the said twenty-one months, have produced in his hands tjieir claims and grounds of debt, and oaths of verity, as before, together with new states of the funds and debts, and of the bankrupt's affairs in general, as before directed; which shall in like manner remain open for inspection for the two following months; and the next stated general meeting of the creditors for receiving their second dividends, and for the other purposes before mentioned shall be held after the like advertisement exactly at the distance of another year, being on the same day two years from the date of the fcquestration, or on the next lawful day thereafter; and the like procedure shall be followed out at the same intervals of time thereafter, and until the whole funds of the bankrupt are collected and distributed among his creditors; declaring always, that no creditor shall draw any share of

17*3.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 18. 239

the different distributions, unless his grounds of debt, and oath on the verity thereof, shall have been lodged with the trustee*or before the respective days appointed for that purpose, but he shall be intituled, in the next distribution which happens after the grounds of debt are so produced and proved, to draw out of the first end of the remaining fund in the trustee's hands, a sum equal to the former dividend or dividends on his debt, with deduction of five ptr cent, on the said dividends, which is to be retained by the trufiee for the common behoof, on account of the said creditor's delay; and further declaring, that in making up the schemes of division, all debts claimed on which are entitled to a preference by the law of Scotland, not altered by this act, shall be preferred accordingly.

XXXIV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That such creditors as claim upon debts whereof the term Debts claimed of payment is not come, may nevertheless, upon discounting beforeactually the legal interest to the term of payment, draw their shares in du? 0, 8, 1 be^proportion to what remains after such discount. discount"

XXXV And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That in case any of the creditors claiming to be ranked on Creditors the sequestrated estate, real or personal, shall have received any claiming who

said partial payment shall be deduced from the total amount of deduced from his debt, and he shall only be ranked for the balance after such deduction; but in case such partial payment is not recovered till after the sequestration, he shall be entitled to rank for his full debt without any such deduction, but so as he shall neyer draw ih whole more than complete payment of his debt; and the creditors of a company shall be entitled to rank upon the estates of the individual partners for the debts due to them by the company, deducting only what they may have received before the sequestration, as before.

XXXVI And be it enacted by the authprity aforesaid, That production©f the making production of the grounds of debt along with the lre£rou?df oath, shall have the same effect as to interrupting prdscription

of every kind from the period of such production, as if a proper action had been raised on the said grounds of debt against the bankrupt, and against the trustee.

XXXVII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That m every such oath the creditor deponing shall [pecify every Creditor, in

security he holds for his debt, whether on the estate of the his ia, L

debtor, or other obligants; and in case any creditor shall, after

the date of the sequestration, obtain any legal or voluntary pre holds for bu

ference on any estate or subject belonging to the bankrupt directiy debt.

or indirectiy, situated without the jurildiction.of the court, he

shall be obliged to communicate and assign the same to the

trustee, for behoof of all the creditors, before he draws any

dividend.

XXXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforo

r4 said.

24 p

Oaths of arc. ditors may be taken before any judge ordinary, or justice of peace.

Anno yiceomo tertvo Georgii III C 18. £1783, -

(Vid, That the oaths of verity wppn debts required by this act, may be taken before any judge ordinary or justice of the peace; and where any creditor is out of the kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or is under age, or incapable to give an Oath, in all such cases an oath of credulity by the agent, factor, guardian, or other manager, taken in the same manner, shall be sufficient; which baths, either by the party himself, or any other person acting for him, shall not superfedc the necessity of, bringing legal evidence of riie debt, if the same is objected to as unliquidated, and where such evidence appears to be necessary in the circumstances of the case; and further declaring, that no fee shall be paid by any creditor to the clerks of court, or any person whatsoever, for an oath of verity or credulity as to the. debt claimed being due, or for production of the interest or grounds of debt of any creditor, unless the debt claimed on exceeds the sum of ten pounds lawful money, of Great Britain.

XXXIX And be it further enacted by the authority afore meeting may said, That four fifths in value of the creditors convened, either

chute toree the meeting Vvhen the trustee is chosen, or at any subsequent creditors, who (vit k. tossed k 'r.

may unpower the trustee to compound all doubtful Claims of the bankrupt against others.

meeting, shall be entitled to choose any three of the creditors, at

whose sight, and with whose consent, or with the consent ofj any two of them, the trustee shall be impoweted to compound and transact, either by submission or by private comprotnife, all doubtful claims which the bankrupt may have against others, or all debts due to the estate out of the other bankrupt subjects, and likewise ajl doubtful claims or demands made against the estate, where the sum claimed upon in this last case does not exceed fifty pounds sterling, but not the order of ranking and

Jireference of that or any other debt upon the estate; and the ame majority may exempt the, trustee from being liable for omillions, and may declare whether or how far he shall be liable for attorneys or factors appointed by him.

XL And be' it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if at the expiration of three years from the date of the sequestration, any of the, personal effect of the bankrupt, or any debts, whether heritable or movable, due to him, remain still unuplisted, it shall be in the power of four fifths of the creditors in number and value, convened at any general meeting advertised for the purpose, to direct that such remaining debts and effects be sold off by public auction, upon three months previous notice published in the two Edinburgh newspapers before mentioned, the sale either to be in whole or in lots, as a majority in value of the creditors shall direct.

XLI And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the debtor s estate surplus of every debtor's estate real or personal, that may rtf'1 be mad majn after payment of his debts, and of the expense incurred in carrying this act into execution, shall be paid or made over to the debtor, or to his assignees or successors.

XLII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That at any period after the sequestration, and before the final diltrii butionj it shall be competent; for the bankrupt, with concur e ' rcnce

effects, cor the bank rupt, remaining three years after the date of sequestration, to be sold by public auction.

Surplus of

over to him.

Bankrupt with concurrence of trustee, and four

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 18. 241;

rence of the trustee, and four fifths of the creditors in member fifths of ere and value, who have produced and proved their debts as be fore, to apply to the court of session, or to the lord ordinary on £naj diitribu the bills in' time of vacation, for a personal protection from di tion, apply to ligence for such time as the court or the lord ordinary shall the court for think reasonable; and the same being once obtained, shall be Phonal pro renewed, if applied for in name of the bankrupt, with consent duizencei11^ of the trustee alone, unless any of the creditors oppose it; in which case, the consent of four fifths of the creditors in number and value shall be required, as before; declaring always, that in this and all other cases, where consent of creditors, both

in number and value, is required, creditors "whose debts are under twenty pounds sterling shall not be counted in the number, though they are to be counted in the value.

XLUJ. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That amj>^it shall be competent to four fifths in number and value same concur of the creditors, reckoned as before, at any time after the pe rence, after riod of the second dividend, to concur with the bankrupt in a petition to the court of session, praying that he may be held as Jay ^tition finally discharged of all his debts contracted before the applies the court to tion (or sequestration, so far as the same may aflfcct his person, be discharged or any personal estate to be acquired by him after the date of of hit debts, the discharge; and this petition being intimated upon the wall, affc6t his pe and in the two Edinburgh newspapers before mentioned, the son, or hisfu court shall, 'at the distance of not less than three months there ture personal after, resume the cottfideration thereof; and if no objechon is ea*atc* made, they shall pronounce an act, or order, in terms of the prayer of the petition; but if appearance is made by any of the. creditors, objeding the diicharge ought not to be granted, on account of the bankrupt's not having made a fair discovery and furrcnder of his estate, or that he has refused to grant a disposition to the trustee, as ordered by the court, or has wilfully not attended the diets of examihation, or has been guilty of any collusion, or that his bankruptcy did not arise from innocent misfortunes, or losses in business, but from culpable or undue conduit, the court shall judge of these objections, and allow a proof of them, if it is thought necessary, and shall either grant or refute the discharge, as the nature and justice of the case may require; the bankrupt always taking an oath before the court, or upon commission, when judgement is pronounced in hts fayour, and before the ad can be extracted, that he has faithfully complied with all the requiiites of the statute, and has used no ondue influence, nor had recourse to any compromifo with his creditors, or any of them, to obtain their concurrence; and if it shall appear that there has been any futh cotapromife or private transaction between the bankrupt and any of his creditors, the same is hereby declared tet be unlawful; and no aftion shall lie upon any bill, or other fecurhy granted in con fcqtience thereof.

xuvi: Provided always, Thai If the bankrupt 0i*h at any Sucbdif

time afterwatds eitherifet o an equipage, or become peffcfled qharge woetd i rn r o. q proud any

*4*

heritable property, or equipage, he may acquire before his debts are paid.

Allowances to be made to bankrupts.

Sederunt book to contain a record of the proceedings of the trustee, C

Any sequestration left unfinished at the end of a session, 'the lord ordinary

Anno vicefiroo tertio Georgii III C 18. [17s^, 1

of heritable property, by fuceeflion or otherwise, before he has paid all his debts, such equipage Or property shall be liable to be attached by all or any of his creditors, whether prior or subsequent to the discharge, as if no such discharge had taken place; and the same shall only be effeaual to protea his person or other effeas.

XLV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the bankrupt shall obtain a final discharge, it shall be in the power of four fifths of the creditors in number and value, reckoned as before, convened at any meeting thereafter, to make him an allowance of three percent. upon the net funds divided, but not exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds sterling in all, if the dividends amount to less than ten Shillings in the pound of the debts, as they (food at the period of the sequestration; and five percent. but not exceeding the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds sterling in all, if they amount to ten Shillings, and under twelve Shillings and sixpence*seven and an half percent, but not exceeding three hundred pounds sterling in all, if they amount to twelve Shillings and sixpence, and under fifteen Shillings; or ten percent. but not exceeding the sum of four hundred pounds sterling in all, if the dividends amount to fifteen Shillings in the pound, or upwards; the said allowance to be calculated on the net amount of the sums re fpeaively to be divided; and in making the several dividends, the trustee shall have in view to dedua so much from each ai shall leave a fund on hand for' answering this allowance, in ale it shall afterwards take place; and if the allowance shall in the end be refused, a final dividend shall be made thereof among the creditors; declaring always, that preferable creditors who are fully secured, shall not be counted either in the question about the allowance, or in applying for the personal protection pr the discharge.

XLVI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sederunt book before mentioned shall contain a full record of all the proceedings of the trustee, minutes of general meetings, states of accounts, fehemes of division, and all other matters relative to the trust; another duplicate of the whole papers and proceedings, ingrofied in the said book, shall be fub icribed by the trustee, and within fourteen days after the proceedings take place, or the casts, schemes, and accounts, are made out, shall be transmitted by him to the clerk to the sequestration in the court of session, to lie among the records of court; and the said book of sederunt, and the bahkrupt's books and papers, and whole other papers in the trustee's hands, shall at all times be made patent to any creditor who desires to see the same.

< XLVII And be fit enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any application for sequestration shall be made to the court of session when sitting, and anything shall be left undone at the end of anp'faflfafltty the waotof time, the lord ordinary on the bill is hceeby*uthorized and required to do everything; neccffvy

1783*] anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 18. 243

leceflary in execution of this a ft during the vacation, that he on the bills to s empowered to do when the petition for sequestration is origi lally presented to him; and in like manner, when the applica me' ion for sequestration is made to the lord ordinary on the bills n time of vacation, and anything is to be done in time of session, the court shall proceed therein in the same way as if the petition had been originally presented to themselves.

XLVIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Court of fef if any appeal shall be taken against any order or interlocutor of fion pending the court of session, or against any act or order of the lord ordi make or nary upon he bills, in the execution of this at, it shall be law ders for pre full and competent to the said court in time of session, and lord venting em ordinary on the bills in time of vacation, notwithstanding such bezzlemept appeal, to make such orders, and dire such proceedings, ^estate.^1 shall appear to be expedient for preventing the estate of the debtor from being embezz)ed, iecreted, damaged, or delapi dated, while the appeal is pendent.

XUX. And be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any petition for sequestration under the autho On death of my of this act is presented, it shall be competent for any other*creditor creditor to concur therein, and to follow forth the same, even peril

without the consent or after the death of the creditor or creditors originally petitioning; and the expense disbursed therein questration, (lull be repaid by the factor or trustee, out of the first end of any other cre the debtor's estate, to the creditor or creditors by whom the lame is diiburfed; and if the bankrupt shall happen to die in the mean time, the proceedings under this act shall not with (landing be carried on and followed out to their conelusion, as if he were in life.

L And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall Court of fef and may be lawful for the court of session to establish such fur Aon may elta there regulations as shall appear to them most proper for carry bhfli further ing this act into effectual execution according to the true in fof executing tent thereof, and to publish the same in any act or acts of this act. sederunt, which shall be in force in so far as is congftent with tbiiaft.

LI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if at Meeting of the meeting held as aforesaid for appointing a trustee on the creditors may bankrupts estate, or any subseejuent meeting called for the pur ?pj?°*nt a pofc, it is determined by a majority of creditors in value, that countable to the estate ought to be vested in a factor accountable to the court the court of of session, and not in the person of a trustee; the person chofeq session. by the majority in value aforesaid shall be, by the court of session''lord ordinary on the bills, appointed a factor on the said estate, and shall be vested in the same, and obliged to manage, recover, fell, and dispose of the same, and to divide the'proceeds thereof, in the same way and manner as the trustee is directed by this act, and under such regulations as the court of session may think proper to lay down (or his conduct; and the bankrupt may also in fuel case be discharged, and entitled to

th

*44

This act to extend to women, See,

Auctions under this act not liable o any duties.

Sequestrations obtained under the act iz Geo. 3. to .continue in fprce six months after the com qnencement of this act during which time, creditors may apply to the court of fef iioki, in order to have the sequestration renewed.

Anno Vfcefnuo tmio Georgii III C 18. [1781

the same allowances and privileges, and fubjcft to the fain

conditions as aforesaid.

LII And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaic that this act shall be construed by all judges in the most bene ficial manner for promoting the ends hereby intended; and tha the same shall be extended to all women as well as men, win fall under the description before recited.

LIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatw rates or duties imposed by any statutes upon estates or effect sold by auction, shall be exigible upon any estates or effects, real or personal, sold under the authority of this act.

LI V And whereas doubts may arise, whether any proceedings an he held on the fequeflrations that have been awarded under the fai act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, m1 tinned by that of the twentieth year of his present Majesty, after tk same expires; for removing all such doubts, it is hereby enafta and declared by the authority aforesaid. That where any f questration has been or shall be obtained under the said late ad, before it expires, the same shall continue in foret for six months after the commencement of this present act; during which time it shall be lawful and competent for any creditor whose debt amounts to the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, or any two creditors whose debts amount to the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds sterling, or any three or more creditors whose debts amount to the sum of two hundred pounds sterling, or upwards, or to the bankrupt himself, with consent of oneor more of such creditors, to apply, by summary petition, to the, court of session, or the lord ordinary upon the bills in vacation, representing that the said bankrupt is a merchant, or otherwifl under the description of this present act, and therefore praying to have the sequestration renewed, with the addition of all lands and other heritable subjects belonging to the bankrupt within Scotland; and upon production of their grounds of debt, and making oath as required in other cases of sequestration under this act, the same regulations shall be followed out as if there had been no previous sequestration of the said bankrupt's personal effects, but saving any right which the creditors have acquired by the said former sequestration; arrd in case fhecreditors (half name a new factor or trustee under this present act, the former factor or trustee shall be obliged to denude in his fayour, and convey and deliver all effects, moneys, papers, books, documents, and writings, of every kind, in his hands, in any (htrpe relating to the sequestrated estate, to the said new hitoc or trustee, for behoof of the creditors; and if the case does not fill within the description of this present act, it shall be lawful and competent for any one or more df the creditors, but hot for the bankrupt himself, to apply to the said court, or lord ordinary bn the bills, by summary petition, within the said time, praying that the fequeftrattort of the perform! eflfeft* ifhafl still subsist, and be carried on' under ftjch regulations zi the chart

shall

7s3o Anno vicesimo tertio gep^gii III C 19.

iall think proper to devise or appoint, confidently with the eneraj plan of the said late act of parliament; and to the ffe& of obtaining an equal distribution of such personal estate, 1 terms of the said late aft; which the court, or lord ordinary, nay allow, unless sufficient cause is shown to the contrary.

LV And whereas it bath beenfound* by experience that so much f the aid act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Wajejiy, as relates to bills and promissory notes hath been of great idvantage to the trade and commeree of that part of Great Britain ailed Scotland, be it therefore enacted, That so much, and och part of the said act, shall be, and the tame is hereby made >erpetual: and that all thd powers, authorities, and regulations ontained in this act, for rendering the payment of creditors nore equal and expeditious, shall take place and have continue ince, from and after the expiration of this present iession of Btrliament, and from thence for and during the term of seven ears, and from thence to the end of the then next session of Mtfliament, and no longer.

So much of the alt is Geo. t. C 71. felt. 36. as relates to bills and promissory notes, made perpetual.

Commencement and continuance of this act

XIX

U act for repealing an act, made in the last session of parliament, for compelling John whitehall esquire to return into this kingdom, and for other purpoies; and for vesting in the said John whitehall his estate and effelts forfeited in consequence of the said act; and for restraining him from going out of this kingdom for a limited time; and/or difco vsring hit estate and estes, and preventing the transporting or ahsnat* log the lame.

Recital of a Geo. 3. C 69. The recited alt repealed. AH proceedings upon the former alt declared void, and Mr. whitehall restored to his gate, he Mr. whitehall retrained from going out of the kingdom before Feb 1, 1784. and to enter into recognisance for that purpose with metissu In case he neglelt to enter into such recognisance, barons of he exchequer may commit him to the Fleet; and it he leave the kin lom before Feb 1. 1784., he and his assistants therein shall forfeit their dtares. John whitehall esquire, within thirty days alter passing this act, o deliver into the court of exchequer, on oath, two particulars of his auds, tenements, goods. C Barons of the exchequer to deliver one ibphcate of the particulars to the speaker of the house of lords, and the there to the speaker of the house of commons. If the particulars shall appear evafire or unfati&faltary, C the barons of the exchequer are to xamioe the persons delivering the same. In default of attendance upon wy fummohs from the said barons, they may issue their warrant for ap vebendine the defaulter; who, on refusing to be examined, kc. shall be onuoittea. Persons detaining any part of the property of John white uu« eft or able to give information concerning the same, and who (halt efufe to come before the said barons, See when lawfully summoned, shall X committed. John whitehall. esq; di fabled from aliening or i nc umber ag his real estate until Feb. 1, 1784. $ and also from assigning his personal ulr, except for subsistence of himself and family, or paying jnft debts reotraftrd before April 99, 178s, and except periftiable goods, and fb noch as will indemnify his sureties in 20, 0001. This all not to disable |oha whitehall, esq; from disposing of his estate or effelts in case he shall e before Feb. i, - 1784. If John whitehall, esq; shall, before Feb. 1, 1784, convey any of his moneys or effelts out of the realm (except as is tseepted, ) be and his aiders therein shall be punished at felons. Penalty os persons who oiau conceal any estate belonging to John whitehall, esq; Allowance to be made to persons making difcovencs of any estate or

effelts

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 20, 21. [1783,

effects concealed, 20 percent, if abroad) at 10 percent at home. E India company to send an authenticated copy of the particulars delivered into the court of exchequer, to the supreme court of judicature in Beni gal, C allowanc^to persons, making discovery of concealed estates or effects in India, 20 percent. Penalty on persons in India who shall firh Crete anyreltate, real or personal, after six calendar months, treble value, one moiety to the east-india company, the other to the prosecutor Fori feited estates, dec. to be paid into the exchequer. Publick act.

CAP. XX

_ 1 An act for building a near hire hall and guild hail for the county oi

Salop, and the town of Shrewibury, in the said county 5 and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

The expenses to be raised by rates on the county of Salop, and the towa and liberties of Ludlow, not exceeding? s. 4 d. in the pound to be paid is V three years from March 25, 17831 and to be under the diredioo of the justices of the peace for the county of Salop, and th com mi Hi oners of tbs land tax for the same county, and for the town of Ludlow in the hid county) and also of the justices of the peace, and such aldermen of tbs

town of Shrewsbury as are qualified to ad al commissioneys of land tax for the county at large, and the justices of thp several corporations witbis the said county who are appointed commimoners to put this act in ex cution.

CAP. XXI

An act for granting a bounty upon the exportation c/british on! Irish buckrams and fillet ti British Irish British

ecdlitoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain.

WHEREAS the manufacture of linen, calicoes, and or cotton mixed with linen, and the printing, ing, and dying thereof, would be greatly improved, and the experts tion thereof to foreign parts increased, if a bounty met

allowed on the exportation of all British and Irish buckrams and till' lettings, British and Irish linens, British calicoes and cottons, or at tonne mixed with linen, of a certain value, printed, or dyed, in Great Britain: may it therefore please yopr Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the Jords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia |... tnent assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there

wind on ex ^a11 be even and paid, without any fee, reward, or deduction portation of whatsoever, a bounty for every yard of British and buck british and rams and tillettings, and for every yard of British or Irifi Irish buck linen, and of British calicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with letting, C l'nen> printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Brim, printed! stain f the breadth of twenty-five inches or more, which, before the CD or dyed in printing, painting, staining, or dying thereof, shall be under the g«*brir.in. va|ue of five pence per yard, the sum of one halfpenny and of;5 °*°'' C the vaiue°f five pence per yard, and under the value of sixpence per yard, the sum of one penny $ and of the value of sixpence

*47

1783*1 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii IIL C t 23.

pence per yard, apd not exceeding the value of eight pence per yard, the turn of one penny halfpenny; which; from and after the passing of this act, untfl the twenty-eighth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be exported out of Great Britain, to Africa, America Spain, Portugal, gibraltar, or the East Indies, in the same manner, and under the like provisions, conditions, limitations, penalties, and forfeitures, as are mentioned and contained in an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his late majesty's reign, (intituled, An act for granting a bounty upon certain specits of British and Irish linens ex ported; and taking off the duties on toe importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, ) touching the bounties thereby given upon the linens therein mentioned to be exported.

CAP. XXII

As ast for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists, and lor relief of protestant purchasers — — to Sep. i, 1783-

Preamble. Act 3 Geo. y. recited. Deedc and wills of papists, C made face Sept.9, 1717, to be good in law, if enrolled before Sept. 1, 1783. This act not to extend to deeds, Ac. the validity whereof has been brought in question before Jan. 1, 1783. Purchases made by protestants not to be avoided, on account of the title deeds not having been enrolied, Ac. This act not to make good any grant of the right of presentation to any benefice, Ac. in trust for any papist.

CAP. XXIII

An act to prevent prisoners in the king's Bench prison or the ruler thereof, or their families or fervents gaining fettlemtnts in the parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the borough of South'

'and county of §urrey; and for the relief of the findparish, with respect to the families of prisoners in the said king's Bench, or the Marftialfea prison, or in the county goal, or house of correction belonging to the^said county j for regulating the manner of chasing overjeers of the poor; and for appointing colicftors of the pear's rates, within the said parish.

WHEREAS there are situate within the parish of Saint Preamble George the Martyr in Southwark, in the county of Surrey, the following prisons (videlicet, ) the king's Bench prison, the Men of his Majesljs palace court, called The Marfnalfca, the common goal of the said county of Surrey, called The new goal, and On house of cerrtliion for the said county, called The new Bridewell: And whereas the rules of the said king's Bench prison extend over tie whole of thefeud parish, except a small part thereof $

groat numbers of prisoners are permitted to live out of though said jou, hut within the said rulesj many of whom, with large families eetd in diflreffei circumjiances, rent boues, or parts or,

lodgings readyfwmijbta, which malting them Habit to be rated, atfi

so

The families of prisoners in she several

pariflj*

Annavicesimo tertio Georgii III c.2'3. [1783.

to pay par\jb rates and taxes, they would thereby gainfettlments, and many af which prifiners and their f amities have become chargeable lo she said parish, and of amrfe heavy and grievous burdens on the inhabitants: and whereas many perjout gain settlements in the aid parish, by Jiving as yearly hired servants with prifiners rejiding within the jmi prison, or tte said rules, several of which servants being women of bad character, become, together with their bastard children, chargeable to the said parish: and whereas the families of persons being prifiners in the marthauet prison, county goal, 'or house of 1 correction, are frequently font from the find prisons Jkk, 'or otherwise cometcharge to the overseers of the poor of the did parish/for rthe/

able to the dare by them supported, and, when able, removed to their rtfpet five places of fettlemont, if the same can be found out which brings many heavy expenses on the said parish, some of such places of settlement having proved to he at very great distances from the said parish: and whereas the fiveral extraordinary expenses before mentioned greatly enhance the distress of the foetid parish, the poor of wbith are very numerous, and the inhabitants chiefly tenants at rack rent, and very heavily taxed in all respects \ the said parish, being the great avenue to London, raw Portsmouth, Poyer, and'ether ports, many traveliers, and poor per sins of eatery description, Jiop and lodge in the said parish, in houses let by the oukers or occupiers thereof in tenements, or in pareels, to under tenants, or in lodgings or feparote etpartments vjhereby the number of casual poor are much encreajti: and whereas the poor of the said parish, both in and out of the workhouse, might be more properly employed and maintained, if the whole number of overseers of the poor were not to be appointed at one and the same time in every year $ and as the bujinefs of collecting the money on the poor's rates within the said parish requires more than ordinary attendance and diligence, it would be a great relief to the inhabitants ferinng the laborious office of over Jeer, and might be a moans of the said fates being more jlrtcfly collected, if power ms 1 given to the vejlry of the said parish to appoint collectors of the poors rates, wherefore, for the relief and convenience of the said parish, may it please yourjmfcjesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the ring's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent erf tbc lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority ofthefarpe, That, from and after the gafllogof thisas; King's Bench, no person or persons whomfoevei* now a prifoi>er or prisoners, or rules, not or w|10 (j^ll hereafter become a prison or prisoners in the memsinst*" King's Bench prison, or the rules thereof, shall gain or bead george's pa judged or. deemed to gain a settlement in the said parish of Saint ri(h, by means George the Martyr, in the borough of sout/swari, in the county of renting cf Surrey, by renting a house, 'part of a hoijfe, lodging, furnish

lod^tagtt, or €c* r unfurnhhed, or any other premises whatsoever, within the said parish, or by being rated to and paying any rates or taxes for the same, vyhilft, he, (he. or they shall be such prisoner or prisoners; nor shall any person or persons gain, or be adjudged pr deemed to gain, a settlement within the said parish, by or by reason or on account of living, or having lived or redded

Prifpners in

being rated to the poor; nor their servants.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 23.' 249

sided with any prisoner or prisoners, within the said prison, or (he rules thereof, as or in the capacity of a hired servant; any law, statute, usage, or cuitorn, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II And be it further enacted, That whenever any person or Relief given persons, being a prisone % or prisoners in the said prifori of the by the pariftf Ring's Bench, or the rules thereof, or in the prison of the Mar to famine of Jbalpjj or any person or persons being a part of, or be longing to the family of any such prisoner, or being a servant King's Bench or servants to any such prisoner, Shall be relieved or supported, ormarftiaisea, or removed to their respective places of settlement, by the said to be repaid parish of Saint George the Martyr, 8r shall become anyways re"

burdensome to the said parish, all such charges and expenses nfoeij* as shall be actually incurred and paid by the overseers of the (poor, or vestry of the said parish, on any of the above accounts, shall be born and repaid to the said overseers by the respective parishes and places to which they shall belong; and shall and may to be recover be, by them or either of them, recovered of arid from any over dcb^&c* leer of the poor of the vespective parish or place, by action of 0 C*debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his mujesty's courts of record at Westminster^ or withiri the city of London, to be commenced and prosecuted by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the said parish, or one of then!; in which adtion or salt no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or move than ond itnparlalice, shall be allowed; every account of such charges and expenses being first examined and signed by a justice of the peace, acting in and for the eastern half hundred of Brixton, and borough of southtoari, in the county of Surrey, cot being an inhabitant of the said parish.

III And be it further dnafled, That if any person or per Reliefgiven fons, belonging to, or being part of the family of any prisoner by the paritfi or prisoners in the said county goal or house of correction, or to the tamiiidi any child or children, born irt either of the said prisons, (nail the count? become chargeable to the said parish, either for relief or main goal, or houte tenance, or to be removed to their settlement all charges and ot correction, expenses incurred by the said parish shall be repaid to the over to be repaid seers of the poor of the said parish, by the treasurer of the said fuyrev o( the" county of Surrey, out of the money belonging to the said county, out of county; and in order thereto, the overseers of the poor of the the county said parish shall, once in every year, or oftener if they shall rtocic* think fit, make out a clear and particular account, in writing, of such expenses as shall, to the time of making out such account, have been incurred and paid, or provided for by the overseers of the poor of the said parish, on account of the re fpeflive persons who shall have been so relieved or fupj^rted by the said parish, or removed from thence to, their places of settlement; which account the said overseers shall, after signing the same, lay before two of the justices of the peace for the eartern half hundred of Brixton, and borough of Scuthivark, in the said county of Surrey, not being inhabitants of the said parish, who hull, and are hereby required upon application being made to.

Vol. XXXIV S them

250 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii 1U..C. 23. [1783.

them for that purpose, inspect such account, and, if they think it necessary, examine the said overseers, or any of them, or their books or accounts, touching any the charges in the account laid before them; and unless the said account shall appear to such, to be fraudulent or unreasonable, they shall immediately figrt and allow the same; which account, being produced and delivered to the treasurer for the^said county for the time being, shall be a sufficient warrant and authority to him for paying the full sum therein contained, and which he is hereby required to pay on demand; all which sums of money, fotobe from time to time paid, shall be allowed in account to him, as treasurer for the fard cobfty of Surrey.

The owner of IV And be it further epacted, That all and every person and

divided houses persons, whether owner, lessee, landlord, renter, or tenant,

ablevor the" et ^ls 0r ^cr ou ynement> or ot^cr premises,

within the said parish ready furnished, or in pareels, or fepa

fate apartments, or in lodgings furnished, or unfurnished, shall be deemed the occupier thereof, and shall be subject to be rated to and pay the poor's rates, and all other parochial rates and taxes of the said parish; which rate or rates, assessment or af feflinents, shall be paid by the person or persons renting or oc cupying any such ready furnished house, or any such parcel or separate appartments, or ready furni(bed lodgings; and the person or persons, occupier or occupiers, of whom the same shall be demanded, is and are hereby authorised and required to pay such sum and sums of money as shall be so rated oraf sessed upon the owner, lessee, landlord, renter, or tenant, and so deduct the same out of his, her, or their respective rent t>r rents; and such owner, lessee, landlord, renter or tenant, is and are hereby respectively required to allow such payment uporuthe receipt of the residue of his, her, or their respective rent or rents; and every such person or persons, occupier or occupiers, paying such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall be acquited and discharged of and for lo much of his, her, or their rent or rents as the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so paid by him, her, or thfcm, shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the person or persons to whom his or her rent shall be due and payable; and in default of payment of the said rate or rates, afleit mentor afleflinents, the same shall be and remain a charge upon the premises in respect whereof the same shall be so rated or assessed, and shall or may be recovered of and from such owner, jeltee, landlord, renter, or tenant, respectively, by action of debt, bill, plairn, or information, in any of bi majesty's courts of record at lyejlminjltr, or in the court of rec^uefts held in the row#4nd borough of Southwark, in the county of Surry to be commenced and prosecuted by the churchwardens and overfeed of the poor of the said parish for the time being, or one of them; in which action or suit no protection, eftoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

V And

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio georgii III 0.23, 251

V And be it further enacted, That on Easter Tuesday, one Manner of thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the inhabitants of appointing the said parish of Saint George the Martyr, aflerpbled in vestry, 9verfeera in shall nominate four substantial householders to (erve the officeuture' ofoverfeer of the poor of the said parish, and shall cause a list of the names of the said^bur persons: be delivered to the justices of the peace acting in and for the eastern half hundred of Brixttti, and borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey in the next ensuing petty session, for their appointment of two of the said four persons to be overseers of the poor of the said parish; who shall continue in their said office until Eaficf Tuesday, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and until the petty session then next following, when two others shall, be appointed in manner aforesaid, to act in their (leads: provided nevertheless, that twof* the present overseers, videlicet;

Joshua Lee, and Alexander Charnley, shall continue in their said office of overseer until two others are appointed at the time herein after mentioned, and no longer; and that on the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the inhabitants of the said parish in vestry assembled, shall nominate four substantial househblders of the said parish to serve the office of overseer of the poor of the said parish for the

!ear ensuing, and shall cause a list of such four persons to be de ivered to the said justices at tjj^ir next petty session, who (halt appoint two of the four so nominated, so be overseers in the loom of the said Joshua Lte^ and Alexander Charnley $ provided that notice shall be given in the said parish church, on the Sunday next before Easter Tuesday, and the twenty ninth day of September, in every year, for the inhabitants to meet in vestry on Easter Tuesday, and the twenty-ninth day of September, annually for the purpose of choosing overseers of the poor of the said parish; and that for the future the overseers of the poor of the said parish shall continue to be nominated and appointed at the times, and in manner as is herein before directed, and, not otherwise; provided always, That if the twenty-ninth day of September shall happen to be on a Sunday, then the nomination to be on the next day; and that if no petty session shall be h?ld within one month after Easter Tuejday> or within one month after the twenty*ninth day of September respectively, aqy two juftl* ces, dwelling within or near the said parish shall, upon being applied to for that purpose, appoint two persons out of each list, as directed by this act to be made, to be overseers of the poor of the said parish for the year ensuing; and if any overseer shall die, or remove out of the said parish, the said justices may, on application as aforesaid, appoint another in the room of him so deceased or removed; and that all overseers of the poor of the said parish so chosen, shall be subject to the several laws refating to the office of overseer.

VI And be it further ertacted, That it shall be lawful for tile vestry reftor, churchwardens, overseers of the poor, and vestrymen of naay appoint the said parish of Saint George the Martyr, or the major part of

S 2 them,

*5*

collectors of the poor's rates.

Collectors to account.

If thry refuse to account, C may be commuted.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 23. [1783.

them, at a public meeting to be held for that purpose, such major part not being, less than nine, and they are hereby fully authorised and empowered, from time to time, as they shall think fit, to choose and appoint one or more fit person or persons to be collector or collectors of the poor's rates of the said parish, and such collector and collectors is and are hereby authorised and empowered to collect and levy the same accordingly; and for the better enabling him or them foto do, it shall be lawful for such collector and collectors to execute all such warrants of distress as shall be granted or issued from time to time by the juftxes of the peace, against the person or persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said rates, in the same manner, and as fully and efieduaily, to all intents and purposes, as overseers of the poor, by any law or laws, can or may execute like warrant for recovering the aftefted for the relief of

the; poor; and the said vestry, or the major part of them as aforesaid, aft any such meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall and may, from time to time, as they think fit, remove any such person or persons from being collector or collect rs of the said rates, and appoint another or other person or persons in his or their room or head; and shall and may, out of such rates, make such allowance to the collector and collectors, for his and their trouble in collecting the lame, either by way of salary or poundage, as the said veltry, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall think fit, so as such poundage do not exceed sixpence in the pound; and they are hereby required to take sufficient security of every such collector, for the faithful accounting for all such moneys as he shall receive by virtue of his said office; and such collector and collectors shall, and he and they is and are hereby impoyvered and required to collect the said rates, when and as often as any rate or assessment shall be made for that pu pose, and from time to time to pay over such moneys so by them respectively collected, into the hands of the overseers of the poor of^the said parish, or any two of them, to be applied for the benefit and relief of the poor of the said parish; and the said collectors shall lespectively make up and render to the said vestry, four times in every year, or oftener, if thereunto required, a full, true, and perfect account, upon oath (which oath the said vestry, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer) of all the moneys so collected and received by them respectively; if fuel) collector or collectors shall refuse or neglect to give in a just account as aforesaid, or to pay the moneys remaining in his or their hands in the manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace for theeaftern half hundred of Brixton, and borough o( Scutkwarit, in the said county cf Surrey, upon complaint made to them by any cne of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the said parish, and proof thereof by any one or more of them, upon oath (which oath the said justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) by warrant under their hands and seals, to commit such collector or collectors to the commoh goal.

j7$3-] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 23.53

there to remain, without hail or mainprize, until he or they Hull have made a true account, and until such money, as upon the said account shall appear to he remaining in his or their hands, shall be paid and fannied by such collector or collectors, or by his or their security or fcounties, or shall have compounded for the same, and hive paid lucn C unpofirion money unto the over icers of the poor of the fa d panih appointed as aforesaid; which competition the said vcitry, or ihe major pait of them as aforesaid, are hereby impo* tied to make.

VII And be it further enacted, That the charges and ex Expenses of, pence in and about procuring and patting this act, (hill be th»^£l^u>w forthwith paid by the ovtrleeis of the poor of the said parish to al

of Saint George the Martyr, out of any panih money now in, or hereafter to come into their hands, which shall be allowed in their account.

VIII And be it further enabled, That no nomination, ap Writings to pointment, order, judgement conviction, warrant, or other be w, thuut writing, whatsoever, relating to the execution of or in purfu ampi ance of this act, shall be changeable wnh any lamp duty whatsoever.

IX And be it further enacted. That no action or suit shall Limitation of

commenced or brought agaiml any person or persons for any a^lons*

thing donein; urfuance of thi> a, or of any of the powers hereby given, or anyways in 'elation to the prsmiles, until twenty-one days notice shall have been ihcrcbf given m writing to the veory clerk of the said parish, nor after faiistacl on or tender of amends shall have been made; and every such action or suit shall! be commenced and brought within ihe (pace of six calendar months next after the cause of complaint shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the county of Surrey % and not e fewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, shall and may lead the general ittue, and give General issue. this act, and the special mvrer, in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon: and if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this actor that such action or suit shall be brought before twenty-one days notice being given as aforesaid, or after the time herein before limited in that behalf, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon fu^h verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or shall discon* tinue his, her, or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or pi unt.fifs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble coifs, and have and be Treble colt, entitled to the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

X Provided always. That in all such actions or suits any of inhabitants the inhabitants of the said parish, whole evidence may be need denned com fary, shall be, and re hereby declared to be competent witness petentwit fcs, notwithstanding they may be charged to and pay any of the wcflcs*

rates or taxes within the said parish.

S 3 ixi. And

*54* Anno vicesimo tertio georgii III C 24. [1783.

XI And be it further enacted, That this fft shall be taken and allowed in all courts of justice as a public act; and ail public act. judges and justices are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIV

4n act for continuing an act, made in this fejjton of parliament, entitled An act for 4>unishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; so far as the same relates to the realm of Great Britain.

WHEREAS an act was made in this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, ) which is to continue in force within the realm of great Britain from the twenty-fourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one rthousand seven hundred and eighty A hree, until the twenty-fifth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; And whereas it is judged necessary by his Majesty, and this present parliament, that a body of forces Should be continued for the Jojety of this kingdom, the defence of the possessions of the crown*of Great Britain, and the preservation of the balance of power m Europe; and that the whole number of such forces Should confijl of forty-one thousand seven hundred and fifty five effective men, inched ing four thousand one hundred and fifty five invalids: And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subje fled in time of peace to any kind of punifloment within this realm by martial law, or itj any other manner than by the judgement of his peers, and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it is re quifitey for the retaining all the before mentioned forces in their duty, that an exafl discipline be observed, and that soldiers, who Shall mutiny or stir up sedition, or shall defer t his Aftajefiy's service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punifloment than the usual forms of the law will allow be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Jords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That the raid aft, and every clause, matter, and thing therein contained, shall be and continue in force, within the realm of Great Britain, from the twenty fourth day of April, in the year of our tinned, within Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, until the Great Britain, twenty-fifth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were repeated and re enacted in the body of this present act.

II And be it'further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any articles of war, which his Majesty hath formed, made, and established, by virtue of the powers given to him by the said act, shall be and remain in full force, within the realm of Great

Britain,

Cap. t7, of

the p dent feivioii, con

imtil June 25 »7*3

and also the artiac* ot war.

178 j.j Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 25, — 27;

Britain, until the said twenty-fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred aifcl eighty three.

CAP. XXV

t

An at to enable the corporation of the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, to sell their taxes of certain lands within the middle and south levels, part of the said great level, which have been or may be dug for turf; and to apply the money arising from such sale, towards discharging the bond debts of the said corporation upon account of those levels.

Ad 15 Car. s. C 17. recited. Recital of an act so Car. s. C 8. for taxing 83rooo acres (parcel of the 95, 000) by a gradual acre tax, and 12, 000 acres at a medium of such tax. The lands set out into 11 forts or degrees, according to which the same have since been taxed. The great level divided into three parts. By an act7 Geo. 1. C 19. the north level separated from the middle and south levels. By 29 Geo. 2. C 9. new bonds directed to be given by the corporation for the debt of 28, 4401. reduced to 27, 440b due on account of the middle and south levels. By i Geo. 3. the corporation empowered to borrow further sums on account of those levels. 44, 0001. The debt of the corporation, on account of those levels, now 3 5.8001. Part of the taxed lands cut for turf, and other parts are fit for that purpose. The corporation empowered to tell the taxes of such lands as have been, or may be cut for turf, to the owners of such l*nd*. The money to be applied towards discharging the debts of the corporation on account of the middle and south level. Public act.

CAP. XXVI

An a to repeal so much of two alls, made in the sixteenth and (even teenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, as prohibits trade and intercourse with the United States of America. X

16 Geo. 3. cap. 5. and 17 Geo. 3. cap. 7. so far as they prohibit trade and intercgurle with the united states of America, or to authorise hofti lilies against them, after the periods set forth in the king's proclamation dated reb. 14, 1783, repeajgd.

CAP. XXVII

An a to ascertain and establish the boundaries of and between the hospital of Bridewell and the precnift thereunto belonging, and the parish of Saint Ann Blackfriars, in the cuy of London, as therein ipeemed.

Recital of a Geo. 3. C 77. and 29 Geo. 1. for building Black Friars Bridge. Agreement of the veltiy of Saint Ann's, on Nov. 27, 178s, That in future, the centre of New Bridge Street, from Bride Lane northward, extending towards the louth along the centre of the said (treet, to the centre of the foot of the north side of Black Friais1 Bridge, including the flairs on the welt side of the lame street, should be the ooundary between the said parish and bridewhi Hospital and Precinct. By agreement of the vestry of Bridewell Preempt, on Dec. 3, 1732, the same boundaries were aftcnted to; and by orders of a general court, on Dec. s8, 1781, the same boundaries were confirmed.

256 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. c.28 [1783.

CAP. XXVIII

An act for removing and preventing all doubts which have arisen, or might arise, concerning the exclusive rights of the parliament and courts of Ireland, in matters of legislation and judicature; and for preventing any writ of error or appeal from any of his Majesty's courts in that kingdom from being received, heard, and adjudged, in any of his Majesty's courts in the kingdom of Great Britain.

[Preamble. 22 Geo. 3 c.53. recited.]

WHEREAS, by an act of the last session of this present parliament, (intituled, An act to repeal an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the better securing the dependency of the kingdom of Ireland upon the crown of Great Britain, ) it was enacted That the said last-mentioned act, and all matters and things therein contained, should be repealed: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the provisions of the said act are sufficient to secure to the people of Ireland the rights claimed by them to be bound only by laws enacted by his Majesty and the parliament of that kingdom, in all cases whatever, and to have all actions and suits at law or in equity, which may be instituted in that kingdom, decided in his Majesty's courts therein finally, and without appeal from thence: therefore, for removing all doubts respecting the same, may it please your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted; be it declared and enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[The rights claimed by the people of Ireland firmly established.]

That the said right claimed by the people of Ireland to be bound only by laws enabled by his Majesty and the parliament of that kingdom, in all cases whatever, and to have all actions and suits at law or in equity, which may be instituted in that kingdom, decided in his majesty's courts therein finally, and without appeal from thence; shall be, and it is hereby declared to be established and ascertained for ever, and shall, at no time hereafter, be questioned or questionable.

[No writ of error or appeal from the courts in Ireland, shall be received by any court in Great Britain.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no writ of error or appeal shall be received or adjudged, or any other proceeding be had by or in any of his Majesty's courts in this kingdom, in any action or suit at law or in equity, instituted in any of his Majesty's courts in the kingdom of Ireland; and that all such writs, appeals, or proceedings, shall be, and they are hereby declared null and void to all intents and purposes; and that all records, transcripts of records or proceedings, which have been transmitted from Ireland to Great Britain by virtue of any writ of error or appeal, and upon which no judgement has been given or decree pronounced before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall, upon application made by or in behalf of the party in whose favour judgement was given, or decree pronouneed, in Ireland, be delivered to such party, or any person by him authorised to apply for and receive the same.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III c. 29 — 32. 257

CAP. XXIX

An act for rendering eflfeftual an act, made in the (ixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred ot Forehoe, in the county of Norfolk.

16 Geo. 3. C 9. recited; whereby power was given to borrow II oooi. The whole of that sum hath been borrowed, and is found inefficient for the pufpofes of the act. Power to borrow a further sum of 3, 000 I. Power to lay additional rates, not exceeding 1 s 3d. in the pound. Appeal against the rates. The application of the rates directed to pay the principal debt and interest, and then to cease.

CAP. XXX

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify therafelvei for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole ad millions have been omitted to be stamped according, to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide ad millions duly stamped; and to give /urtfiejr tiipe to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors — — qualify before Dec. sc, 1783, and file affidavits of articles of derkship before the last day of Michaelmas term, 1783.

CAP. XXXI

An act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the streets, lanes, yards, courts, alleys, and pastages, within the parish of Saint !Mary, at Rotherbithe, otherwise Redriffe, in the county of Surrey, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

The expenses to be defrayed by a rate pa the inhabitants, not exceeding as. 3d. in the pound per annpm; and tenants, whose leases shall not exceed seven years, to be allowed one third of the rates by their landlords. Where houses are unoccupied the owners to pay half the rates, and churches, CC and void spaces of ground, Sec. to pay not more than 6d. per square yard. Tenants paying rates may deduct the landlord's part out ot their rents; but fio agreement between landlord and tenant vacated. Commissioners may compound with parishes, bodies politic or corporate, or trustees; and may borrow 6, 0001. on annuities for lives, at not more than 10 percent, per ann. charged on the rates, clear of laud tax; and as the annuitant die the rates to be lowered

CAP. XXXII

An act for amending an act made in the last session of parliament, for th better relief and employment of the poor of the paridi of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlesex; and for-providing a proper worknoute and burial ground for the use of the said parish; and for opening certain cbrnmudicatioos, and making certain*streets, within the said parish.

Act si Geo. 3. C 35. recited; and so much as extends to the appointment of trustees for the relief and employment of the poor, and building a workbouse, and providing a burial ground for the said parish, repealed: but not to extend to such parts as relate to opening communications. See. The mayor, aldermen, ami recorder of the city ot London, and the presidents

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 33 — 35. [1783.

fidents and treasurers Of Saint Bartholomew's, christ's, Bridewell, Bethlehem, and Saint Thomas's hospitals, the reftor, curate, churchwardens, and overseers of the poor of the said parish for the time being, with twenty-five other inhabitants of the said parish, qualified as in the act, to be annually chosen by them, to be trustees lor putting this act and the former in execution; and the qualification of trustees altered from 15i. to 121. per annum. Rates to be made for relief of the poor by the trustees, at least four times in every year, and accounts thereof to be produced at meetings, to be entered by the vestry clerk, and an abstract printed annually.

CAP. XXXIII

An act to amend and render more effectual several acts passed in the sixth, tenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable canal from the Trent to the Mersey; and a branch from the said canal to Froghall, and a railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the county of Stafford.

Act of 6 Geo. 3. for making a navigable canal from the Trent to the Merfry, recited. That, in pursuance of the said act, and two others of xo and 15 Geo. 3. the company have raised various sums, amounting in the whole to 140, 0001. (bertdes 130, 0001. by subscription araongst themselves)) have regularly paid interest to Sept. 18, 1775, at 5 percent, per ann. and from tyience to March is, 1780, is in arrear, and amounts to9, 4501. The trustee6 empowered to afiign the tolls, Sec. for securing the same with interest at five percent, per ann. to be paid half yearly. Form of artignmerit. Recital of 16 Geo. 3. C j. for making a canal to Froghalf, and a rail way to Caldon. The company have completed the 1 alt mentioned canal. The present railway in an inconvenient course. Power granted for making an extension of five hundred and thirty yards of the canal at Froghall, and altering the course of the railway from thence to Caldon, and to make a reservoir within three thousand yards of the south side of the summit of the said canal, at Stanley Moss. Canal to be made, pursuant to the plan, in a book of reference.

CAP. XXXIV

An act for removing certain disabilities and incapacities, cccafioned by the attainder of David Ogilvy of Airly, esquire.

Act 19 Geo.. C 26. whereby the said David Ogilvy taking upon himfeff the title of Lord Ogilvy was attainted recited. Pardon, March 30, 1778. All disabilities ana incapacities, occasioned by the attainder of the said David Ogilvy, made void; sjnd he and his heirs, C enabled to hold any office under his Majesty, to inherit lands, and commence suits, chis attainder not to affect any entail or settlement, C made or grauted by or to him, or his heirs. He may sue and be sued, plead, and be impleacted, See. General laving. »

CAP. XXXV

An act for raigng a certain fiim of money by way of annuities, and for

establishing a lottery.

n, ooo, oool. to be raised by annuities, and 480, 0001. by a lottery. Conti ibutors to the sum of 12, 000, 0001. to be entitled to certain annuities; viz. for every 1001. contributed to 1001, annuity at 3 percent, from January 5, 1783; and5!. annuity at 4 percent, from April 5, 178$, redeemable by parliament; and also to an annuity of 13 s. 4d. for seventy seven years, from January 5, 1783, and then to cease; which shall be charged upon a fund to be established this fertion, and collaterally on the fluking laud. Every contributor of 1, 0001. shall, a pun payment of 401'more

17s3 ] Anno vicesimo tertio georgii III c.36.

inoye, be entitled to four lottery tickets. Books having been opened at the bank, and deposits made, pursuant to a resolution of the house of commons, ot 15 percent. All persons who have made depoiits, required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at certain times specified viz. on the iz, ooo, oool. 10 percent. May 30, 15 percent. June7, 10 percent. July 19, 15 percent. Aqguft9, 10 percent. September 26, 15 percent. October 31, and 10 percent. December 5. On the 480, 000 lottery,0 percent. June 3, 15 percent. July 11,0 percent. September 9, and0 percent. October 3. Subscribers to the annuities to be allowed interest for all moneys paid in advance, at 3 percent, per ann. Subscribers to the lottery, on paying in the who'e of their subscriptions, Oiall receive tickets to the amount thereof. Annuities shall be paid half yearly. Persons paying their whole contributions by July, 17*3, to receive their dividends on 3 percent, and 13s. 4d. annuities due July 5, 1783, immediately; and those not paying till January 5, 1784, when they may receive both dividends together, tax free, with other usual daufes. The 3 percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the 3 percent, confols. transferrable at the bank. The 4 percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be guided to the same fund as the 4 percents, granted by the lottery ab of so, si, and is Geo. 3. The annuities of 13s. 4d. per anp. for seventy seven years, to be added to the consolidated long annuities of 1, z, 4, so, and is Geo. 3. but to be paid out of the fund to be established this session. 480, 0001. to be raised by a lottery $ the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this fdlion. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 48, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets in all 16, 036: two ofofoeol» two of io, opol. three of 5, 000!. eight of s, oool. six teen of i, oooi. thirty of 5001. one hundred and fifty of 1001. three hundred of 50i. and fifteen thousand five hundred and twenty-five of sol. 5001. to each first drawn ticket of the first twelve days; i, oool. to ditto the 15th day; 1, 500b to ditto the i9thaday; 2, 0901. to ditto the aid day; 3, 000!. to ditto the 25th and 18th days; and 1, 0001. to the last drawn. Lottery to begin drawingon Nov, 17, 1783. The 480, 000!. for the, pay merit of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this iession 5 and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on March t, f

CAP. XXXVI

frn act to discharge and indemnify the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all damages, interelf, and losses, in respect to their not making regular payment of certain furns due, and to become due, to the pubhek, and to allow further time for such payment; and to enable the company td borrow a certain sum of money; and to make a dividend ot tour pounds per centum to the propnetors at Midsummer, one thousand leven hundred and eighty-three.

Act1 Geo. 3. C 65. and is Geo. 3. C 51. recited. And that besides the debts due to the public, the company had been obliged to polfpone many of their commercial debts; and that by means of me exptnees of the wars and hoifilitics in India, and the homeward bound ships of the said company not having duly arrived, the company were become much diftrefied in their affairs. Enacted that the commissioners of the treasury may allow the company further time for the payment of 396, 4661. 2 s. 6d. due for cuitoms, and of ioo, oool. which became due December 1, 1781, and also of 42, 105!. 101. which became due March 21, 1783, and of such sums as shall become due for cuitoms before July 1, 1783, till October 1, 1783; on payment whereof the company shall be indemnified. Company empowered to increase their present bond debt, not exceeding 500, 0001. beyond their present bond debt; and to make a dividend of 4 percent, at Midsummer, on their capital of 3, 200, 0001. for the half year, from Ja hilary 5, to July 5, i; ?j, . _

"a CAP.

Gc 2

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 37, 38. [178

CAP. XXXVII

An act to repeal an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of bi present Majesty, intituled, An act to continue, for a limited time, f, of an act, made in the last lefiion of parliament, "for the mor ea'y and better recruiting his majesty's land forces and marines, " aj relates to tue encouragement of volunteers.

CAP. XXXVIII j

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the rive! Thames, or Isis, at or near Leachlade, to join and communicate witft the Stroud water canal at Wallbridge near the town of Stroud; and also a collateral cut from the said canal at or near Siddington, to of near the town of Cirencester, in the counties of Gloucester and Wilts

The company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation, incorporated and empowered to make a canal navigable for boats. See, from the river Thames, or Isis, at some place at or near Leachlade, in the county of Gloucester, through or near Siddington, to or near Haylcy Wood, and from thence through or near Sapperton, to join and communicate with a navigable cut or canal now made, between the town of Stroud and the river Severn, at or near Walloridge, in the same county; and also to make a collateral cut from the said canal at or near sidding tonne a fore said, to or near the town of Cirencester, and to supply the fane with water from the springs, streams, and watercourses, in the act mentioned, or to be found within two thousand yards of the canal or collateral cut, or from reservoiis to be made, as in the act mentioned. Not to use the tarings at Sapperton, but under lord bathurst's dire ft ion. To carry a feeder through lord Batburft's gardens. To lay a water pipe from the feeder into lord bathur'ft raansion house. Canal and cut not to deviate more than fnety yards from the course in the plan, signed by the speaker of the house of commons. The line of the canal through Mr. Eliot's lands described. For making the canal through several gardens, as mentioned in the act. Breadth of the c^nal and towing paths not to exceed forty yards (except where raised higher, or cut above six feet deeper than the present tarface of the land, and where necessary for the boats to turn, lie, or pass not above one hundred yards in breadih), and settle recompenses. Proprietors may raise 130, 0001. among theraselyes, at sool. each share: but no one person to have more than one hundred (harts. If 130, 000!. not sufficient, company may borrow 60, 0001. at filtered; and assign the navigation, cas a security. The interest of the money borrowed to be first paid. 5 percent, to be paid to the proprietors, till the works are completed. Subscribers to have a vote for every share by themselves or proxies. General afiemblie* for choosing a committee of thirteen persons, owners of three shares each at lead, subject to cont out of general afliembly. General assemblies to consist of five hundred shares, who may make bylaws, CC Bates allowed to be taken for coals, between Stroud canal and Sapperton tunnel, is. 3d. per tonne, between the west end of Sapperton tunnel and Cirencester, is. per tonne; and between Cirencester branch at Siddington and Leachlade, xs. per tonne; for non, salt ores, salt rock, limestone, chalk, crates of pottery, crates of black glass, timber, dint, brick, (lone, clay, copper, brass, and tin, and tin plates, lead, fpelter, and pot metal, window glass, and plate glass, id. per tonne, per mile, and upon all other goods, 3d per tonne, per mile, and lo in proportion. Further allowance for goods remaining upon a wharf above twenty-four hours, as shall be agreed on. Fifty let of round, or forty feet of fquaie oak, alh, or elm timber, or fifty feet of fi, or d al bilk, poplar, beech, or birch, not cut into feantlings shall be deemed a tonne. Power to the proprietors to regulate and fix the price of final parcels under one hundred pounds weight. Boats of less burden than the Thames and Severn boats not to pass without leave. Allowing the owners

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio gkorgii III C 39. 261

ers of lands to use pleasure boats on the canal. Rates to be taken by the Stroud water company, for coals, Sec, patting from their canal into the Thames and Severn canal; viz. for coals from the river Severn to wall bridge, and not more than one hundred and fifty yards on the new canal, as. 3d. per tonne; but if more than one hundred and fifty yards on the new canal, and not returning, 1 s. per tonne; but if landed within one hundred and fifty yards abov^ Bnnfcombe road, $«. per tonne. For flint, brick, stone, clay, chalk, salt ores, salt rock, and limestone, patting from Stroudwater navigation into the new canal more than one hundred and fifty yards above the said road, and not returning, iq. per tonne, per mile. For timber, black glass bottles, and phials, and crates of pottery,

1 d. per tonne, per mile. For iron caftings and wrought iron, and all other goods, id. iq. per tonne, per mile. For all goofls patting through stroud water canal, and not going above one hundred and fifty yards on the new canal, as 3d. per tonne. Vessels patting locks with left than six tonnes,

Co pay a lock due, and tonnage for six tonnes.

CAP. XXXIX

An act for preventing certain injlruments from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty) for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the said United States.

WHEREAS is is expedient, for the purpose of opening a commercial intercourse with the inhabitants of the United States of America, that certain rejlriflions affefling the same Should be removed, and that certain powers Should be g'then, for a limited timey to his Majesdy in council, for regulating the said commercial inter mrfe; be it therefore enabled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That no manifest, certificate, or other document whatsoever, shall be required for any ship or veflei belonging to the said United States of America arriving from thence at any port in this kingdom, or upon entering .or clearing out from any port in this kingdom, for any port or place within the said United States, excepting such bonds as are required to be taken, duly to export and not to reland any goods entitled to a drawback or bounty, or which are prohibited to be used or worn in this kingdom 3 any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in any case where a certificate is required to discharge any such bond, entered into for the due landing such goods wirhin the said United States, such bond shall and may be discharged, upon a certificate under the hands and seals of any officers who are or may be appointed by the said United States, or any of them, for that purpose; and if it shall happen that there shall not be any officer so appointed, then, and in such case, such bond shall and may be discharged, upon a certificate, under the hand and seal of any magistrate of the said United States, or any of them, certifying that there is no such officer it such port or place, and that oath hath been made before

such

Preamble.

No manifest. See, required from any a merican veflei on coming into or clearing out of any British port, except exportation bonds.

For ditch arg ing bonds given for landing goods in America.

'2&2 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 40. [ 17834,

such magistrate, by the matter, or other pet son having the charge of such ship, that the goods for which such certificate is required were duly landed by him within the said United States.

Hi Majesty III And be it further enacted. That, during the continuance impowered to of this act, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty in coun t?onscfotgcar* CL y order or orders to be issued and published from time to

rying on time, to give such directions, and to make such regulations,

trade with with respect to duties, drawbacks, or otherwise, for carrying

America. on the trade and commerce between the people and territories

belonging to the crown of Great Britain and the people and territories of the said united dates, as to his Majesty in council shall appear most expedient and salutary; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Continuance IV Provided always, That this act, and the powers and of this act. authorities hereby given to his Majesty, and all orders ifltued and published in consequence thereof, shall continue and be in force until the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and no longer.

CAP. XL

An act for defraying the charge of the pay of the militia, and of the doathing for the sergeants and drummers of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

Preamble.

WHEREAS it is necessary that provtfton Should be madt ft defraying the charge of the pay of the militia, and of the iloatbing for the sergeants and drummers of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one jear, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in every county, rid irtg, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, the^receiver?* where the militia is or shall be raised, the receiver or receivers general of the general of the land tax of such county, riding, or place respee i county is to tively, shall issue and pay the whole sums required, in the manner, and for the fevqral ores'herein after mentioned; that is to say, for the pay of the said militia for four calendar months in advance, at the rate of six Shillings a day for each adjutant, where an adjutant is appointed; and at the rate of one shilling.. for each sergeant, with the addition of two Shillings and six litre ictdownj pence a week for each sergeant major, where a sergeant major is appointed; and at the rate of sixpence a day for each drummer, with the addition of sixpence a day for each drum major where a drum major is appointed; and also at the rate of sixpence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying

Where the

militia is or

issue four months pay in advance, according to the establishment of pay

1783 ] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii 111. c.40. 263

ing the contingent expenses of each regiment, battalion, and independant^company of militia; one penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the hospital expenses of each regiment, battalion, or independent company; and also for half a year's with half a salary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia be year's faiary longing to such county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty pounds a year; and also for the respective allowances to the battalion cleric of the general meetings, and clerks of the several subdivi clerks; fion meetings, at the rates following; (that is to say, ) to the and the al cierk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds and lowances to five Shillings for each meeting; and to the several clerks of the ca subdivision meetings, at the rate of one pound and one shilling and subdivi for each meeting; and also for the clothing of the militia for fkm meeting; such county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds and pay for and ten Shillings for each sergeant, and two pounds for each clothing of drummer, with the addition of one pound for each sergeant major, and each drum major.

II Provided nevertheless. That in any county, riding, or Where pay

place, where pay has not yet been issued for the militia, no pay ha not been shall be issued until his majesty's lieutenant, or, in his absence ^**

in case of a vacancy by the death or removal of his majesty's tii| the lord lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants of any such county, lieutenant, or riding, or*jplace, shall have certified to the commissioners of his deputies, shall majesty's treasury, and to the receiver-general of the land tax, to the trea* 6^ that three fifths of the number of privatexnilitia men of such fury, andve county, riding, or place, have been enrolied, and that three cei^ers gene fifths of the proportion of their commission officers have accept ral the iarot* ed their commissions, and entered their qualifications as by law of the required. mcn and

III And be it enacted, That all such sums of money granted officers.

for the pay of the militia as aforesaid, except such as shall be The money is due to the several clerks of the meetings aforesaid, and except to be paid by such as shall be due on account of clothing, shall, where the ft receiver militia has never been embodied, be paid, by the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, into the hands of the clerk regiment or or clerks of the regiments or battalions of militia belonging to battalion, such county, riding, or place, upon his or their producing his (except the or their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, un cierk^o^ der the hand and seal of his majesty's lieutenant Jor such re theffieetings, ) fpechve county, riding, or place; and where the militia has upon produc been embodied, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the ing the war regiments or battalions, upon his or their producing his or their ^bposltiiicsit warrantor warrants of appointment to such office, under the app '

hand and seal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion, respectively, notwithstanding such militia shall have been disembo and for nde died; and where the militia (half be formed into arfindepend pendant com ant company or independent companies, such sums as aforesaid, ^,

shall be paid, by the said receiver or receivers general of the cap^ain^or land tax, into the hands of the respective captain of each inde to their erder; pendant company of militia, or to such personas such respective

264

according to the establish ment laid down in the

the first; and a third within three months after the second. Receipts of the persons to whom the money shall

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii lit. c.40. [178/*

tive captain shall authorise to receive the same, according to the number of persons hereby entitled to receive pay and cloafh

..... ing, of which such regiment or regiments, battalion ortatta

militia ait of Hons, independent company or independent companies, shall s Geo, 3. have been appointed to consist; according to the establiflhment A second pay d0wn in an act, passed in the second year of the reign of to^bemade011s pre^ent Majesty, (entitled, An act to explain, amende and within three reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being re months after la ting to the raifeng. and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; ) and such receiver or receivers general of the land tax shall also, within fourteert days after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of the said first payment, make a second payment for four calendar months in advance; and shall also within fourteen days qfter the expiration of the three calendar months from the time of the said second payment, make a third payment for four calendar be (o paid, to months in advance, for the pay and contingent expenses of the discharge the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion general" clerk or c^er^s aforesaid, in the proportions herein before men the regimen Honed; and the receipts of such clerk or clerks, and of such tal and batta captain of an independent company, or captains of independent lion clerks are companies, or of such person or persons as such capt^n or cap to pay in acta; ns ^aj| fq autj10rize to receive such money as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver or receivers general of the land tax for the several sums of money so by him or them paid.

IV And be it enacted. That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia shall forthwith, after the receipt of such the fcrjeams futas of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one ca and drum lendar mojith's pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment jners; and for or battalion respectively; and to the captain or officer com majo^and1* manding each company belonging to such regiment or batta drum major Hon, two months pay in advance for the sergeants and drum two months mers; and also to the officer commanding the company to the sergeant major and drum major shall belong, two** rnm' months pay in advance for such sergeant and drum major; and so, from time to time, as long as any money on that account shall remain in his hands: which pay every such captain or officer commanding is hereby required to distribute to each person belor^jing to his company, by this at entitled to receive the same, as it shall become due; and the captain of each independent company is hereby required to distribute to each person belonging to his company entitled thereto, such money as he shall receive for pay of his company by virtue of this a it; and yearly^to the Arch captain or officer commanding shall, once in every year, clerk, or re give in to the cleric of the regiment or battalion to" which such reiver general company shall belong, or, if captain of an independent com ^endant company to receiver-general, an account of the several pay pany*ac^)°rd" ments he shall have made, in purfu3nce of this af, according fng to the foi to the following form: lowing form;

County

vance one month's pay to the adjutant; and two months pay to each captain for

to the commanding officer of the company to which they belong: Captains to distribute the pay accord ingly; and account for the same

*783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 40:

County of Dr.

To cifh received of Mr.")

regimental or / battalion clerk, or re L reiver general [as tbo Case \ ball bej for two months \ frty in advance, —*J

Pit Contra

Cr.

Paid sergeant for days pay, from the of to the of

following — - -- -- -- -

Ditto as sergeant major (if, one in the company) Paid (erfeant for days pay, from the of to the of following - — — 1 Paid drummer days at Gxpence, from the of to the of following —«Ditto as dhim major (if I one in the company) J Paid drummer days from the of to the df following

}

165

And shall pay back to the said clerk, or to the receiver-general j (at the else shall be, ) the surplus (if any) of the money by in hit him from time to time received, and then remaining in his bands, hands. On discharge

V Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That of ferjeanu or

in case the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or independent company ofmilitia, shall certify in writing to the no clerk of the same, that he hath discharged any sergeant or drum to be issued mer as unfit for the service; that in such case, no pay shall be till others are issued for the person so difehatged, until another be duly appp<>jnted > pointed by him; and that no payment be made to any sergeant ujent made^to or drummer who hath been so discharged, or who has not pre Aich as northeast viously been approved of by the commanding officer, in case of discharged by vacancy by death, or otherwise. the command

VI And be it enacted. That the clerk of each regiment or

battalion of militia, out of the money hereby directed to be, rc likewire to issued and paid to him for defraying the contingent expenses of pay, out of the each regiment or battalion, shall, yearly and every year, pay to olltwed the colonel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion one penny a month for each private man and drummer, for pcr^*n*for*defraying the hospital expenses of each respective company of hospital such regiment or battalion, during the time of the men's being charges absent from home upon account of their annual exercise and shall, from time to time, issue out and pay such sums of money "h^reptir of as may be necessary for the repair of arms, and the carriage and arms, and removal thereof, upon an order in writing signed by the colonel carriage or officer commanding such regiment or battalion; and apply, tof>c

dispose of, and pay, the residue of such money, for the ge for the

neral use and benefit of each such respective regiment or batta benefirof the lion, in such manner as the field officers and captains thereof, regimenr, cor the greaterpart of them, shall direst; and shall, yearly and

Vo 1. XXXII

a 66

captains shall. dircft. Account of the said sums to be made up yearly, Sic.

Money allowed for contingent expenses of independent companies to be applied and accounted for by the captains.

Clerk to retain money in his hands for his own salary.

During the time the troops are embodied, and called oat into&ual service, and receive pay as the King's other foroes, all pay and allowance from the re ceiversgene ral is to cease.

reccivers ge neral to pay the allowances to clerks of the general meetings, and to the clerks of the fubdi vision meetings, upon producing orders from the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants; which order to be a discharge to receivers general.

Annp vicesimo tertk) Georgii III C 40. [1783;

every year, make up an account of all such nloney, and the expenditure thereof, and deliver the same to the colonel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; which account Co allowed and signed shall be, and, is hereby directed to be, the proper voucher and acquittal of such clerk, for the application and disposal of such money.

VII And be it enacted. That the money herein directed to be jffued for the contingent expenses of each independani company of militia, shall be, in like manner, applied to the particular use of such respective independent company by the captain thereof; and shall, yearly and every year, be in like manner accounted for to the receiver-general of the land tax of the county or place to which such independent company shall belong; whose allowance of such account shall, in like manner, be the proper voucher for the expenditure and difpofitioa thereof.

VIII And be it enacted, That the said regimental or battalion clerk may and shall retain to his oton use, out of the money so by him received, such further sums as shall complete the allowance herein before made for his salary.

IX And be it enacted. That where any regiment, battalion, or independent com pan V of militia, is or shall be embodied, or called out into actual service, and thereby the officers and private militiamen are or shall be entitled to the same pay as the officers and private men in his majesty's other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which such regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia shall belong, whether to the adjutants, serjeants, or others, and all money allowed as aforesaid for the contingent expenses of such regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, and also the allowance to the clerk of such regiment or battalion, shall, during such time of actual service, and until such regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall be diiembodied and return home, cease, and not be paid.

X And be it enacted, That the said receiver or receivers of

the land tax shall pay to the clerk of the general meetings his allowance, at the rate of five pounds and five Shillings for each meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for that purpose from his majesty's lieutenant, or from three deputy lieutenants, assembled at some general meeting or meetings; and shall also pay to each and every of the clerks of the lub division meetings their several allowances, at the rate of one pound and one shilling for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders from one or more deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, assembled in the several subdivision meetings; which said order or orders shall be, to the said Receiver or receivers general of the land tax, a sufficient discharge for the payment of such allowances, and be allowed in his or their account., r "

XI Provided

'- ...»

j Anno vicesimo tertio geoiigii III C 40.

267

XI Provided always, and be it ehased, That the clerk of Regimental each regiment or battalion of militia shall give security to the and battalion receiver or receivers general of the land tax of the county, rj. «*«*» to^ive ding, or place, to which such regiment or battalion'shall belong, £ by a bond to his Majesty in the penalty of one half of the sum accountingfor required for the whole year's charge of the regiment or battali the ponies on of militia to which meh clerk hall belong, for duly answer r*ceived ty tng and paying such sums as he shall, from time to time, have 1 em received, and for duly accountingfor the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in him reposed; which said bonds shall the bonds to be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers general of lodged with the land tax for the respective'county, riding, or place, who, in and"

tafe the said regimental or battalion clerk shall not duly perform put in suit by the conditions comprised in the said bond, shall, and is hereby them on non. required forthwith to put the said bond in suit, in the name of performance his Majesty, his heirs and successors $ full costs and charges of cond'* which suit, in case judgement shall be given against such regi and t, , are mental or battalion clerk, shall be paid by him to the said imitled there receiver or receivers general of the land tax, who shall likewise up°n to full be entitled to, and receive to his or their own use, at the?j**jjf rale of five pounds per centum out of all such moneys as shall be C 'r j 5 by him or them recovered thereon; and shall account for the nt.50'f the undue thereof with the proper auditor of his majesty's reve money reco nue; the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax charg vered 1 the re log himself or themselves therewith, upon the next account of fidue to** the land tax to be by him or them passed.

xilaodbe it enacted, That the clerk of every regiment, Thc men

or battalion of militia, and the captain of every independent tal and barta company of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within lion clerks and the part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty captains of in fifth day of March, and the twenty-fourth day of June, one companies thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, deliver to the receiver arc £ deliver or receivers generav of the land tax of the county, riding, or in accounts of place, to which such regiment, battalion, or independent com their receipts pany shall belong, a fair account, in writing, of all moneys by ^gn^ur*c, r' him received and disbursed for the service of the preceding year, in pursuance of this present act, with proper vouchers for the same > and shall pay back to the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax any fufplus of such moneys that shall then be in his hands; which said accounts, signed by such regimental or battalion clerk, or by such captain of an independent company respectively, shall be transmitted, by the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, into the office of the proper auditor of his majesty's revenue.

XIII Provided always, and be it enacted. That all penalties, cods, kc. all costs and charges of suit, and all sums of money for which where to be any person or persons is or are by this at made answerable, recovered, may and (hull be recovered in any of his majesty's courts ot record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbih, wager at law, or protection, or mg re than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

A1V. Provided

268

No fee payable for any warrant or Ann of money jflued in pursuance of this act.

Officers on half-pay serving in the militia, may receive the fub aftence jnoney payable to captains, lieutenants, or en flglm,

they taking the following path before a justice.

The oath

Anno vicesimo tertio georgii III c.40. [1783.

XIV Provided always, 'and be it enacted, That no see or gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any warrant or sum of money which shall be issued in relation to, or in pursuance of this act.

XV Provided always, and be it enacted. That any person being on half-pay, or being entitled to any allowance, as having served in any or either of the two troops of horse guards, or re gitaent of horse reduced, and serving in the militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the subsistence money by this act directed to be paid to captains, lieutenants, or ensigns; and the receiving and taking such subsistence money by any such captain, lieutenant, or ensign, shall not be deemed a receiving or taking pay, so as in any manner to prevent such person on half-pay, or being entitled to any such allowance, from receiving his half-pay, or such allowance; and such person shall take the following oath before some justice of the peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

1a. B. do fwtar, That I had not, between the

any place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Mayfly, besides my allowance of half pay as a reduced in late regiment

of [or allowance as

in late troop of horse guards, or

regiment of horse reduced, ] Jave and except my Tubfiflence as a captain, lieutenant, or ensign, [as the case may be, ] jor serving in the militia of the county of

And the taking the said oath shall be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half-pay, or the said allowance, without taking any other oath 5 any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Receiver XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, general, upon That the receiver-general of the land tax, so soon as he shall receiving a receive a warrant under the hand of the colonel or command warrant, from ing officer of their respective regiments or battalions, certifying inccofficernd e rcccipt clothing for the sergeants and drummers, and ceftifying^the an order from the said colonel or commanding officer for the receipt of the money due on account of the same, payable to the person or doatning, and persons who furnished the said clothing, shall pay the sum men na°ment^isto t*onec* n orc^cr to the person entitled to receive the same; pay The same anc warrant and order, together with the receipt of the accordingly, person receiving the said money, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver-general.

If any regi. XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ment, That in case any regiment, battalion, or independent company,

shall cease; shall cease and determine, during the continuance of this act, per diem is to the sum of three Shillings per diem shall be paid to such personas

17s3.j Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 41 — 43.69

as has actually served as adjutant to such regiment, battalion, or be paid to the independent company, from the time such regiment, battalion, adjutant from or indcpendaiit company, shall cease, to the twenty-fifth day of'me to March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four. "J1 % i'

CAP. XLI

An ast for impowering persons navigating veftelt upon the river Trent, between a place calied Wilden Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, and the town of Barton upon Trent, in the county of Stafford, to hale the same with horses.

Recital of to k n Gul. 3. C0. Hehry lord Paget empowered to make and keep in repair towing paths for borles: for confining towing paths

to one hde of the river. Four plans and books of reference to be signed by the speaker of the house of4commons/ one to be kept by the deputy Reward of the borough of Burton, and the clerks of the peace of the counties of Derby, Leicelter and Stafford, to keep each one, to be evidence at law. No deviation to be made in the towing path. If any alteration in the banks, so as to vary from the plan, commifconers may alter the boundaries. Fords not to be made deeper than ift inches in the driest seasons between Burton upon Trent, and Wilden Ferry. But may be made conformable to those in the river Trent between Wilden Ferry and Gainsborough. Power to take a tonnage for veftelt: viz. For any goods (fime excepted) carried from above Wilden Ferry to the town of Burton, (besides the tolls already eiiablished by the former a) not more than ad. per tonne. No toll to be taken for vessels patting between Wilden Ferry and Cattle Donnington; nor for gravel, dung, soil, marl, or lime for improvement of land between Wilden Ferry and Burton upon Trent So mucn of 10 & 11 Gul 3. C 10. as reitrains persons from making warfs, C between Wilden Ferry and Nottingham Bridges, repealed

CAP. XLII

An act for better paving, cleaning, and lighting, the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, within the liberty of Westminster, and certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Geo. 3* C ai. 3geo. 3. C 13. 4 Geo. 3. c.39. 5 Geo. 3. C 50. 6 Geo. 3. C <4. 11 Geo. 3, C aa. so far as they relate to Covent Garden parish, repealed; and the power given to commissioners by the former as vested in a committee of the inhabitants of the parish — — see. 47. p. 816. Rates d per pound for houses \ for ground, C 6d. per square yard, per annum.

CAP. XLIII

An act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the parish of Saint Anne, and such part of Cock Lane as lies in the parish of Saint Martin in the fields, within the liberty of Westminster; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Geo. C i. 3 Geo 3* C3. 4 Geo. 3. C 39. 5 Geo. 3. C 50. 6 Geo, 3. C 54. 11 Geo. 3. C is. repealed and made void so far as they relate to Saint Anne's parish; and the power given by the former asto commissioners veiled in trustees and a committee of the inhabitants of the parish — — tec. 55. p. 891. Committee men to take an oath of qualification. Meet iflgt of trustees and committee. Trustees and committee to pay their

T j

_

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii 1u. 6.43. £ 1783.

own e*penceg. No all valid unless done at a meeting.all acts of the trotted and committee may be done by the major part of them refpcc tifely. Trutfees may appoint a clerk and allow him a faiary. Commit see may appoint officer, and shall take fecurky from them. No officer to take any see other than allowed by committee; or be interested in may contrail. Salaries of the clerk inspeltor* and collector* limited, officers to account with the committee upon oath half yearly for all matters committed to their charge, and all mopey received and diftrarfed. collector to produce an account of the arrears of rates. Copies of such account, signed by three of the committee or by their clerk, shall be transautted to the trustees. Collector neglehing to deliver his account, otjptf hit'balance, to forfeit 101, and committee may bring an action against hitp for such forfeiture Sec. or the same may be recovered before two jofticea. On failure of distress offender to be committed. Commitment of offenders not to discharge their furcties. Committee may employ workmen. Sec. where the expense of the work fliau not exceed 40 s. and contraa for paving, cleaning, and lighting. Particulars to bo specieed in the contract which are to be entered in a book. Thirty days notice previous to entering into contrails. No contrail to b made but between Feb. t. and June 1. The level of the (treats not to be altered or inferior matetttlf used, without consent of adjoining parities. No alteration to be made so as to render the streets worse lighted. Proposals for Cleansing to fperify what will be allowed for cinders C Fetfons willing to contra may in spell former proposals. Contrails already made to be valid. Committee to cause the works to be examined; and if ndt dojlfc agreeable (0 the contrails, may bring allions agiihft the lontra&ofs. Committee maf compound wkh contractors for the penalties incurred on nonperfbhnanct of contrails. Committee annually to print and diffribute egtraas of contrails and penalties, C Householder making complaint 61 defelevt pavement surveyor to view it, and if defeltive, to give notice tpeon trahor to amend it. Penalty on contrallor for neglelt. On nonperformance of contrails for cleansing or lighting, penalty to be recovered.' Att* thoricing the committee to hold special meetings for con side ring the (batter of complaint made by an householder. on lontrtlts not Dehfg performed, committee may cause the work to be done by other persons and dedull the expense from the money due to the contrallor. New greets to be first paved at the expdbed of tbpowners* who are to compound with the committee for paving thereof. Property of pavements, lamp irons materials See. vetted in committee. Committee may bite ground for depositing materials. Committee inay bring ahions, Sec. against personi taking away materials. Penalty on damaging materials or taking down lamps, C Names of streets to be wrote at or near the entrance, and boules and lamp irons to be numbered.. Penally on defacing, Sec such infeription. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamp Persons careufaly or accidently breaking lamps, to make good the damage. Committee to make rates, for repairing cleansing, and lighting hot exceeding is. yd. in the pound in any square, and 11. in streets and other places. Additions! rates for paying the money owing and the interest, not exceeding i a. 6d. in the pound in the optional streets and 6d. in the other parts of the parish. Houses hereafter to be built to be a defied as others. Total amount of rates not to exceed that of former years. Empty houses to pay one half rate, which may be recovered from tenants who may deduct h out of their rent. Church and church yard and other public buildings to be rated according to the number of iqoare yards of paring belonging thereto. If Committee neglelt to make the additional rates, trustecs may dciti and if they omit to make the other rates, the inhabitants may do it. Commencement of rates. Rates of houses let in separate apartments and ready turmlhed, to he paid by the tenant, who may dedull the same out of hi rent. Rates of houses let to ambafihdors to be paid by the landlords, Poor rates may be inspelled by an order of three committee men, and copies, C taken. Power to recover the rates by diftrefe. Rates may be recovered by allion at law. Persons quiting houses or preftiifes before payment of the rate, and persons entering in such houses or ptemises, to - be

f 783.3 aand vicc/jmo tertio Georgii III C 43:

be subject to the payment thereof for the times of their occupying the .same, Nothing in this act to affect agreements between landlords and tenants. Personi aggrieved by the rates may appeal to the committee, and the quarter feffioos. Collector to pay the money into the bank, or to a banker. Banker to pay money drawn upon him by the trustee and com hiittet. Penalty on cofleftor keeping 501, in his hands longer than two days. Cbmmissioners to account with the trustees, relative to optional facets; and with the committee, relative to the other parts of the parish, and transfer to them the money in the bank. Present committee to ac count with the committee to be appointed under this act Arrears may be levied. Trustees to apply additional rate to pay intereit and debt. Committee to apply other rates for repairing, deanling. and lighting, and removing nuisances, C Surplus to be applied towards discharging debtor for new paving. Separate accounts to be kept of rates to be raised within the optional itreets, for paying the principal and intereit due on fbch ft reefs. Creditors to be paid by ballot. Trustees may pay fume

under 1001. Notice to be given to the ptrfons whole bonds are to be paid off. New Securities for tool, each may be given, instead of present lecu rities for a larger sum. Power to borrow money to discharge certain debts due upon some of the optional streets, and not secured upon the rates. Rates may be aligned. Form of alignment. Assignments may be transferred Form of transfer. Transfers to be entered. Power to borrow money at lower intereit, to discharge fecuritiesat a higher. Power to lay a fate not exceeding ad. in the pound for new paving any street. For Joying, a proportion of the expense of that com million, till March5, x7s4. and then to cease. Signs to be placed flat on fronts of houses. Water to be conveyedirom houses in pipes. Falifadoes broke or defec tiw to be repaired. Scc. Posts in "King Square court not to be taken away. Penalty on placing annoyances or obltruftions in the streeti. If penalties are not paid, offender to be committed. No hoards to be erected, without licence from the surveyor or inspector to the committee. Pe Mty on running wheels, See. or driving carriages, horses. See, on foot fpmment. Dirt not to be swept into common sewer, or withm a certain qiftance of any grate or channel. No person other than the Icavenger, to carry away dust, Sec, Penalty. [Owners of cinders, dust, C may carry away the same for their own use. No night soil to be taken away before 1 % at night, or after five in the morning m winter, or four in summer, or to be put or cast in any part of the parish, or within a certain diftanc* thereof. Scavengers duty. Penalty on neglect. Inhabitants exempted from office of scavenger and surveyor of highways, from hanging out lights, and return of annoyance jury, on account of defective pave nenti, C hackney coaches not to stand before the church during divine service on Sundays, christmas day, and Good Friday. Paviours to water companies to transmit their names, places ot abode, and walk, to the commute. Dir eft ions for repairing defective water pipes. Penalty on pavioor's neglect. If no regular paviour, notice to be transmitted to the clerk to water companies. Committee to be reimburled expenses of relaying pavement broken for repairing water pipes. Lilt of streets to be tranumtted to water companies. Water company not to be subject to pay the expense of paving, or repairing the pavement, unless the account be delivered within a limited time. Committee to state in their account to the water company the charge of such relaying or repairing the quantity of pavement, C Treaforer or clerk to the water companies may inspect the accounts and proceedings of the committee relative to paving. Surveyor or inspector to verify his acccount with any water company upon oath, if required. The provisions of the act extended to such part of Cock Lane as lies in Saint Martin's parish, until the debt due on that fteeet be paid off. Proceedings of truttees and committee to be recorded and to be settled annually; and examined at a vestry meeting, and may be inspected. Not to extend to such part of Oxford Street as is In the parish of St. Anne, or to such part of prince's Street as is in the parish, until the whole debt be paid off. Penalties ard forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied. Inhabitants may give evidence. How justices t4 to

*7*

to Geo. t. C 43, recited.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 44, 43- [1783^

to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction.. Actions may be brought in the name of one of the trustees, or committee, or their clerk f and upon obtaining verdjds, they hare power to recover cofb. No adiofi to abate on death or removal of clerk. No effoin, See. to be allowed in actions. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefgons, on giving eight days notice, Kates and proceedings not to be quaftied for want os form, or to te removed by certiorari. Plaintiff ifiall not recover alter tender of sufficient amends. dutrefs not deemed unlawful for want of form. Expenses of this act how to be paid. Writings not to be futge& to stamp duties. Limitation of actions, General i2ue. Treble cofb. Ppblick aft.

CAP. xlivt

act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an afit made in the fifteenth year of the reign of hit present Majesty, intituled, An act for building a workhouse, and lor the better relief and employment of the ^oc^within the parish of Saint James Clerkenwell, in the county of

CAP. XLV

4* act for regulating the proceedings of the coure of jujlidary, and circuit courts in Scotland.

WHEREAS by on act of parliamentenade in the twentieth year of the reign of his majtjly King George the Second, (intituled, An act for taking away and abolishing the heretable jurisdicttiqns in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for snaking satisfaction to the proprietors thereof; and for restoring such jurisdictions to the crown; and for making more effectual j?rovifion for the administration of justice throughout that part of the united fcingdopri, by the kings coprts and judges there; and for obliging all persons acting as procurators, writers, or agents in the law in Scotland to take the oaths; and for rendering the^mtonbf'the two kingdoms more complete; ) it is among otter things enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any party or parties conceiving himself or themselves aggrieved by any interlocutor, decree, sentence, or judgement of any of the inferior judges therein mentioned, concerning matters criminal, of whatever nature or extent the same may be, except all cases which infer the loss of life, or demembration, or in makers civil, where (be fufjebt matter of the suit did not exceed in value the sum of twelve pounds sterling, to complain and seek relief ogaufl the same by dppealio tie next circuit cot^rt of the circuit wherein such inferior court Jbaft lit, to be proceeded in before the aid circuit court, in the way and manner therein directed; and it is thereof ienabled. That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, in\he year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, thefircuit court shall be regularly held twice in every year, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and the judges thereof Shall continue by the pace of six days at the leaf, at each town or place where the circuit courts hall be held for the dispatch of business: And whereas it has been found fr*m experience, that few appeals have been taken or brought

front

1783.] artbo vicelitm tertio Georgii III C 45* a73

from the inferior yurts to the circuit courts, either in matters criminal or civile parties conceiving themselves aggrieved by the judge meats or decrees of the inferior courts, (hoofing to take their appeals by advocation or suspension, and to have the same beard and discussed before the courts of jufiiciary and session, in the cottrfe of law as formerly ejkblijbed, rattier than by toe summary remedy of appeal to the circuit courts, whereby one branch of buftnefs in thete circuit courts is greatly abridged, and thereby the continuance of the judges at each circuit town for the space of six days is become unnecessary:

And whereas the judges continuing at any circuit town for a longer time than may be necessary for dispatching and finishing the bstfinefs brought before them, is attended with many inconveniences to the publish, and an unnecessary expense to the judges, jury, and whole members of court, as weltas the sheriffs and inferior magistrates, who, by law, are obliged to attend the judges while they continue at the circuit towns; for remedy whereof, may it please your majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the king's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same.

That it shall and may be lawful for the court of judiciary, and Court of the said court is hereby authorised and required, at the time of tidary to de settling and appointing the spring and autumn circuits, that is }cn^2* to foi, between the fird and twentieth days of March, and fitft judges shall re and twentieth days of August, in each year, by an act or minute mam in each' to be recorded in the books of adjournal, to declare and deter circuit town, mine bow long the judge or judges shall continue and remain in each circuit town or place of the respective didri&s; at the expiration of which time foto be limited and declared, the judice air at such town or place shall be concluded and ended, the jury, sheriffs', and other magidrates, discharged from their attendance, and the judge or judges not obliged to continue longer in such town or place; anything in the aforesaid a<sl to the contrary notwithstanding.

II Provided always. That if any trial or matter Civil or cri All trials be. anina! shall happen to be begun or entered upon, and not con gun before eluded and determined, before elapfing of the time foto be lithe limited mited and declared for the judge or judges continuing in each f circuit town or place, it shall nevertheless be proceeded in, and ccj#

the judge or judges, and jury, shall not be at liberty to depart or leave the said town or place till the same is concluded and determined: and provided also, That the judge or judges of the judges, she circuit Courts shall continue, and the sheriffs and other officers riffs, Ac. to shall attend them, by the space of three whole days at the lead continue three at each town or place where the circuit shall be held, but that ^achtdwn, gm the jury shall be discharged from their attendance as soon as the 9

business may admit.

III And whereas by an all, made in the twentieth first year of the Recital of % t reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, intituled, Geo. 2. C 19. An act for the more effectual trial and punishment of high treason, and misprision of high treason, in the highlands of Scotland;

and

Alteration introduced by the said a und to b€ beneficial.

Court of jofficiary, and Circuit courts, may try causes for capital offences it the same manner as those for leu crimes.

Pifcretionary power given to the judges.

Anno vicecm* Georgii III. 0.45s [f; 8

and for abrogating the practice of taking down the evidence writing in Certain criminal prosecutions $ for making ibd further regulations relating to Sheriffs depute and ftewarts d

£: ©, and their fcibftitutes; and for other purposes there rwioned; and rieking, That whereas the taking dawn and redo into writing the evident given in criminal taufes end pr fractions (not extending to the loss of life, or to aemembratici before the court of jujiiciary, and the circuit courts, in that pa of Great Britain called Scotland, had, by experience, beenfm vary inconvenient, and to oceajton great delay as well as expend; is thereby erta/ted, That, from and after the prft day of July, in tl year ef our Lord one thoufdni[even hundred and forty-eight, it fa and may be lawful for the fata court of jujiiciary, and the faldrtfptt live eircuit courts to proceed in, try, and determine, all causes on prosecutions before them for any crime or crimes not inferring th punishment of death, or demembration, whereupon the verdill of 0 ajftze or jury is to pass, upon examining and hearing the evidence ej the witness or witnesses adduced or examined in any filth cause Or on fecution riva voce, without reducing into writing the testimny sj any such witness or witnesses; and that the practice of taking dam end reducing into writing the tejhmony of'witnesses infuch cases, be, ad the same is thereby abrogated and abolijbed: and whereas the alteration in traduced in the trial of the lesser crimes by the dbove aft has been feud, by experience, to be attended with important andfalutary cenfejmus: and whereas the taking down and reducing into writing tie evident given in the trial of crimes, which may infer the punishment ef death, or demembration, as now pratlifed in the court of jujiiciary, and droit courts, has been found, by long experience, to be attended with greetin' tonveniencies, by prolonging trials to such a length, as has bten fmi dangerous to the health of the judges, council, and jury, whereby the best jurymen are often deterred from attending such servicej ad those who do attend, after being exhausted .with the fatigue f such long trials, are little able to discharge their duty in rtconftdering the whole evidence as taken down at stich length in writing, U crier to form their verdisf; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said court of judiciary; and the said respective circuit courts, to proceed in, try, and determine all causes and prosecutions befd them, for any crime or crimes inferring the punishment of dcatl or of demembration in the same manner as is now praflifl in prosecutions for lesser crimes, by the Verdict of an assize, I

S, upon examining and hearing the evidence of the wk or witnesses adduced or examined in any such cause 0 prosecution viva voce, without reducing into writing the rdli money of any such witness or witnesses.

IV Provided always, That if in the trial of any of the crime which may infer the punishment of death, or demembration, i (lull appear to the judges more expedient to take down and re duce into writing the testimony of all, or any number of th witnesses, according to the present practice, it shall be lawfti for them to proceed in that manner; anything in this prefea act to the contrary notwithstanding.

',

1783*3 Anno nctftfto tertio Georgii III. C 4 75

V Provided alio, That in all such trials and prosecutions, Counsel, or whether the evidence be Reduced Into writing, or be taken from prisoner, may the witnesses viva we, without reducing the same into writing,

the council on both iides, and the pannel, or prisoner, may interrogate the witnefies upon all pertinent and legal questions, and immediately before the affix or jury shall be factored the evidence shall be summed up by the judge, or oqe of the judges, before whom such trial shall be had.,

VI Provided likewise, That nothing herein contained (hell trials

iter, or be understood to alter, in any respect, the form or mode for high trea of trials before the find courts for the crimes of high treason, son, cor

of mispriiion of treaion.

VII And whereas by an act, pajjedin the parliament o/scotland, Recital of two

iatbeyeefr one thousand Jin hundred and seventy two, Act aftsofthepar,

concerning the regulation of the judicatories, among other

tins of the court of justiciary, if is providedthat four of though

Jbeil always be a quorum of that touri: and, by af of the parliament of Scotland, made tie the year one thousand six mired and eighty one, intituled, A ft appointing the quorum of

the justice court in time of vacanoe, it is statuted and ordained.

That in time of vacance of the feffisn, three of though tommijfienert nfiitiory ball bo a fuffkient quorum: and tubereas It has been, fttouxpifience, that the quorum appointed by the ad btnty Scotland first above recited, is often attended with -

tumus, as interfering with the attendance of the judges of though court tfjvftieiory to their duty at judges in the court of jejfion, and that Ibt ttajou for reducing the quorum of the said court of justiciary ta thru, applies, with more propriety, to tno time of the sittings of

the court offefjion, than to the time of the vacation of that eourt; he

k therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any three Three judges flf the judges of the court of judiciary, who are also judges %

Of die court of firffion, shall be a sufficient quorum of the said to le a quo court of justiciary, as well during the sittings of the court of rum, during Mon, as in the time of vacanoe, or recess of that court. the Gttings of

VIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all °*

the powers, authorities, and regulations, contained in this act,

shall take place and have continuance from and after the first day mentndcon sf July next, for the term of three years, and from thence to rinuance of (he end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer, this act.

CAP. XLVI

An act for widening the northwest end of fenchureh street, and the Couth end of the Old Jewry, within the city of London.

Comnon council empowered to widen the passages, as described in the (chedule annexed.

THE

Anno vicesimo terdo Georgii ttl. e. [1783;

THE SCHEDULE

T wbitb tbtrefers.

, \ '

Ground to be laid into the street at the west end of fenchurch street

videlicet,

OK the west side thereof, fronting gracechurch street, from north to south. twenty-four feet, seven inches: on the foath side thereof, fronting Fenchurch street, from west to east, forty*fix feet: and on the northeast side thereof, upon a curve line, fifty feet.

Ground to be laid into the Old Jewry, at the fbuth*west end thereof!

videlicet,

AT the south end thereof, next the Poultry, from east to west, sixteen feet, five inches: on the west side thereof, from north to south, one hundred and eight feet, five inches: at the north end thereof, from west to east, five feet, four inches: and on the east side thereof, next the Old Jewry, from north to south, one hundred and eight feet, five inches.

In case of refufai to treat, or defective title, a jury to inquire of the value. Jurors may be challenged. Court of mayor and aldermen may examine fritneffes on oath, and direct the jury to view. Jury to afieft the value on oath. The court to give final judgement. The owners of houses, See. on payment of the money awarded, to convey. In case of refufai or inability to make a good title, C the purchase money to be paid into the bank, Suc verdicts and proceedings to be entered, and deemed records. On payment of the money, C the premises to veil in the city. In what dries and manner the court of aldermen may order the money so paid into the bank to be placed at interest. The dividends to be paid to the persons in pofteflyon: but recoverable agiinft them by tkofe entitled to the mesne profits. The bank to obey the orders of the court of aldermen, and the city not to be accountable. In cates of femes covert having a feparatt e It ate, the purchase money to be paid to whom they dircd, in trust, to the former ules. The purchase money paid for premises bought of other trustees, to be re invetted in other purchase upon the same trusts. Bargains and Tales enrolled in pursuance of this a, to have the operation of fines and recoveries. In wbat cases persons claiming interest in any premises so sold, shall be barred therefrom. Person so barred may recover the purchase money against the persons to whom paid, together with interest. Yearly tenants to surrender possession, on tender of six months rent, or twelve irjonth* notipe. Mortgagees to accept their money on six months notice, or tender of six months interest. On payment of lucb money into the bank, the mortgagees estate to veil in the city. All the moneys afore said to be paid to the parties, or into the bank, before the city shall proceed topull down any houses, C Court of aldermen iropowered to fet fines on the fljeriffs or officers, jurors or witnesses making default. For (editing the payment of tithes, charged on buildings to be taken down. Com ipon council may dispose of what shall be more than is necepary far the purposes of this act and may delegate their powers to a committee. What persons excluded from such committee. When the passage is enlarged, the ground to be under the care of the commissioner for paving the city. Powers to be void, if not executed within ten years. Writing to be without damps. Di It refs not to be ri**<ned unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff shall not recover after tender of sufficient amends. Older of justice. See. not liable to be quashed for want of form; nor removed by certiorari. Limitation of actions General fltue. Treble costs. Public act.

CAP.

1783*] Anno vicesimo terdo Georgii III C 47, -49; 277

CAP. XLVII

An act for altering and varying the powers of an act, passed in the fiith year of the reign of King George the First, for making the river Douglas alias Afland navigable, from the river Kibble to Wigan, id county palatine of Lancaster; and for enabling the company of pro prietora of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an act

Jtailed in the tenth year of his present majesty's reign, to purchase the iud river navigation! for amending the said last mentioned adj for in co porating ami consolidating the hud two navigations and for other pnrpofts.

CAP. XLVIII

An act for improving the navigation of the river Trent, from a place called Wilden Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the county of Lincoln! and for im* powering persons navigating vessels thereon to hale the same with krftt,

CAP. XLIX

An 68 far repealing an act made in the twenty second year ef bit present Majesty, intituled, An act for charging a lamp duty upon inland bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other notes, payable otherwise than upon demand; and for granting new stamp duties on bills of exchange, promissory and aether notes j and atfo jiamp-duties on receipts.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an ay made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for charging a lamp duty Recital of upon inland bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other as Geo. notes, payable otherwise than upon demand, it was enatfed^ C 33 % That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two there Should be raijedy levied, collefledy and poddy throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufelf his Majesty, his heirs and successorsy for every piece of vellum or parchment, or Jbeet or piece of paper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, payable otherwise than upon demand, Should be ingroffedy written, or printed, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, Should not amount to the sum offifty pounds, a jiamp duty of threepence; and for every piece of vellum or parchment, or Sheet or piece of paper, upon which any inland bill of exchange, promissory note, on other note, payable otherwise than upon demand, Should be ingroffedy written or printed, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, Should omount to the sum of fifty poundsy or upwards, a jiamp duty of six fence: now we your Majestfs most dutiful and loyal j'ubjiflsy the Purpose of commons of Great Britain, in parliament ajfembledy finding that it this act.

, will

a Anno vicedtno tertio Geokoii III C 49. [178$:

willbe convenient, and for public to repeal the fold

stamp duties, so made paypble by the send recited act, and to grant unto your Majesty the several mention

as well for securing a certain fund for payment offitch annuities as by the said recited act were charged upon the as

to enable your Majesty to raise a certain sum of money for of the year one thousand [oven hundred and eighty three therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament atsembled, and by a the ru aatkority of the same. That, from and after the first day of cited aft re. August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the rates

pealed. and duties granted by an act made and passed in the last sdbeq of parliament, intituled, An act for charging a j1 amp duty on inland hills of exchange, promjfory, or other payable Otherwise

than upon demand, At all cease, determine, and be no longer paid and payable.

New duties to II And be it further enabled. That, from and after the said

commence on first day of Augu/1, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three,

Aug. 1. «7sj. (1, ^shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout nz* the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Mt?

jesty, hu heirs and foccefibrs, the several rates and duties following: that is to say,

Bills of exchange, pro miflory or other notes, drafts or orders, under jol. to pay a

lamp duty of 6a.

If 50i. or upwards, to pay is.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, upon which any foreign or inland bill of exchange, pro miflory note, or other note, draught, or order, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to the sum of fifty pounds there shall be dunged a damp duty of sixpence:

For every pioce of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any foreign or inland bill of exchange, pro tniflbry note, or other note, draught, or order, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to the sum of fifty pounds, or upwards, there shall be charged a lamp duty of one fhriling.

From Sept. t. III And be it enacted, That, from and after the first day of j7sj. the fol September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there dutiwffhairse ^1^raeev'cc*» collected, and paid, throughout the pud; vis. kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty*heirs and successors, the several rates and duties following;

that is to say.

Receipts for For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of1. and under paper, upon which any receipt, or other discharge given upon aol. to pay the payment of money, amounting to" two pounds, and not d. each, amounting to the sum of twenty pounds, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be chained a'damp duty of twopence: a

For

1783, ] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 49. 279

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of For sol. and paper, upon which any receipt, or other discharge given upon upwards the payment of money, amounting to the sum of twenty €acik pounds, and upwards, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a damp duty of fourpence.

IV Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge any draught or order, for the payment of money on demand, upon any banker, or person or persons acting as a banker, redding, or transacting the bulinds of a banker, within ten miles of the place of abode of the person or persons drawing such draught or order; or to charge any receipt for any money paid into the bank of England or the house of any banker; or any receipt, or other discharge, given for any money received on any dividend, payable from the publick or government funds established by parliament; or any receipt given on the back of any bill of exchange, proonffory or other note, stamped in pursuance of this act; or upon any bank note, or bank pod bill 5 or to any letter acknowledging the safe arrival of any bills, notes, or remittances; or any receipt endorsed on, or contained in the body of any deed, bond, mortgage, or other obligatory instrument, already directed to be damped by any law now in being; or to any release or acquittance by deed; or to any receipt given by the treasurer of the navy for any money impreded to, or received by him, for the Service of the navy; or to the receipt of any agent for money impreded by or to him on account of the pay of the army or ordnance; or to any receipt given by any officer, Seaman, or ihktier, or their representative, for or on account of an wages, pay, or pension, due to them from the navy, army, or ordnance; or to any receipt given upon any navy, victualling, or ordnance bill, issued, or to be issued, before the said first day of Stpttmber> one thousand feveo hundred and eighty-three.

V Provided always, and be k further enacted. That nothing in tjats aft contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to charge any bill of exchange, promiflbry or other note, draught, or order, payable upon demand, issued in that part of Great Britain Galled Scotland, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall not exceed the sum of twenty-one (hill

Exemptions of drafts and orders, for payment of money on demand, upon bankers living within 10 miles of the drawer, kc.

Exemption of receipts given by teamen or (oldiers for wages or pensions due Iron the navy, army, kc.

Not to extend to bilk of exchange. Sec, in Scotland, not exceeding ns. T

VJ. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Bills of ex in this act contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to change, procharge any bill of exchange, promiflbry note, or other note, draught, or order, payable upon demand, with any higher stamp p^ble <** duty than the sum of threepence, where the sum expressed demand, to'therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to the sum pay only jd.j of ten pounds.

VII Provided alfov and be itr enactedr That, nothing, in this Not to extend aft contained shall extend, or be construed. to extend, to any to receipts on receipt given upon the back of any foreign bill of exchange. foreign bills

VIII Provided also, and be k enacted, That no foreign bill of exchange.

of

28o

No foreign bill, C chargeable with more than 6d. each copy.

Exemption of notes, see. iflbed by the bank, in con deration of ia, ooo I per.

Persons fraudulently evad? - the du

u

mb

Co forfeit sol.

Receipts in fill! to pay 4d.

Duty on bills of exchange, C to be paid by the drawer or giver.

Duty on receipts to be paid by the persons rewriting them,

Anno vicesimo tertio gfco&gil III c.49. £178

of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draught, or order, shall be charged with any higher stamp duty than sixpence; but that every duplicate and triplicate or such foreign bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draught, or order, shall be chargeable with the like stamp duty of sixpence;

LX And whereas it may he proper to exempt all promissory and other notes and bills, issued by the governor and company of the bank of England, from the payment of the stamp iuties imposed by this a upon promijjory and other notes, in confides ationy ana upon payment of a certain sum of money in lieu thereof: be it therefore enacted. That all protniffory and other notes and bills, issued by'the said governor and company of the bank of England, shall be exempted from the stamp duties hereby imposed upon promissory and other notes, upon payment of the annual sum of twelve thousand pounds, by the said governor and company, into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, by half yearly payments; such payments to be made on or before the tenth day of 08eber % and the fifth day of Aprils in every year; anything herein be fore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X Andy in order to prevent, as far as may be any evasion of the aforesaid duties on receipts, be it further enacted, That the whole sum for wjiich any receipt shall be given, shall be really and bona side inserted in such receipt; and that all and every person and persons who shall give or accept any receipt or acquitance, m which a less sum shall be expressed therein than the sum actually received, with an intent fraudulently to evade the said duties, or either of them; or shall separate or divide the sum actually paid or received into diverse receipts, with intent to evade the said duties, or either of them; or shall be guilty of, or concerned in, any fraudulent contrivance or device whatsoever, with intent or design to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, or either of them, imposed upon receipts by this; every such person so offending shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as here in after is directed.

XI And be it further enafied. That all receipts in which the sum mentioned therein shall be expressed to be in full, or as a b tisfaction of all demands, and all general acknowledgements of debts or demands being discharged, shall be deemed and taken to be receipts for above the sum of twenty pounds, within the intent and meaning of this act, and shall be liable to the stamp duty of fourpence hereby imposed.

XII Andy for ascertaining by whom the said flamp duties herein before granted ball be payable, be it further enacted. That the duty hereby granted on any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, shall be paid by the person or persons giving the same; and the duty hereby granted on anyteceipt^ shall be paid by the person or persons by whom the same*shall be required; except such receipts as shall be for money paid to any person or persons in respect of any salary, pension, debt, or other sum

p*y*bie

1c

1783.] Anho vicesimo tertio Georgii III c.49. 2s1

payable from his Majesty to such person or persons, in which case the duty on such receipt shall be paid by the person or persons giving the same.

XIII And be it further enacted, That, for the better and Management more effectually levying and collecting the said duties herein e before granted, the same shall be under the care and manage [hedireason mento? the commissioners for the time being appointed to ma of the com nage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and mi (Turners of paper; for which purpose they, or the major part of them, are

hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them, and to use and provide such (lamps for the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this al into execution with relation to the said duties, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, arc authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

XIV And, for the better securing the said jiamp duties hereby imposed, be it further enabled, That all vellum, parchment, and All vellum, paper, upon which any such bill of exchange, promissory note, paper C to or other note, draught, or order, receipt, or other discharge, given

for the payment of money, shall be ingrossed or written, shall, promiflbry before the same shall be ingrossed or written, be brought to the note, See. shall head office for (lamping and marking of vellum, parchment, be written and paper; and the said commissioners, by themselves or their thereon, officers, shall, from time to time, (lamp or mark, as this al.

directs, any quantities of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon payment of the said duties: and if any such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draught, or order, receipt, or other discharge given for the payment of money, so hereby directed to be stamped, shall not be marked or stamped as by this act is directed, or shall'be marked or stamped for a lower duty than as aforesaid, no such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draught, or order, receipt, or other discharge, shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good or available in law or equity.'Undamped

XV Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all receipts un un(lamped receipts, in which any sum of money, 'not amount der a I. may irtg to two pounds, shall be expressed, and which shall (by the he given in insertion of the words, In full of all Demands, or otherwise) be ^ota^ac Ut given as a general acknowledgement of all debts or demands knowledgebeing discharged, may be plended or given in evidence, and mentsofall may be available in law for such sum so expressed, but not as demands be''general acknowledgement of all debts or demands being dif^1 C arg

XVI Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all re ^n^on^re ceipts, impressed with a (lamp of twopence, in which any sum ceipts for1.' of money, amounting to two pounds, and not amounting to and under the sum of twenty pounds, shall be expressed, and which shall

(by though insertion of the words, In full of all Demands, or other tiepin wife) be given as a general acknowledgement of all debts or de expretw Vol. XXXIV U mandsthat.u.

*82

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii 11l C 49.. [17*5.

mands being discharged, may be pleaded or given in evidence, and may be available in law for such sum so expressed, but not as a general acknowledgement of all debtor demands being discharged.

xvn. And whereas a great number of fiamps* for the value if three pence may under the said recited act of the lost fejjun if parliament* have been already provided and imprejfed upon beets or pieces of taper, intended for bills of exchange promissory and other notes which said bills of exchange and notes may have been printed from copper plates provided for that purpose: and whereas it might be a very great inconvenience and loss to merchants tradesmen and others to have such stamps cancelled, and to provide others of the denomination required by this att\ be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commil&oners of his majesty's vunp duties, where bills of exchange, or promiflbry or other notes, shall by this act require a stamp of sixpence only, to mark an additional stamp of threepence to the stamp added thereto. cf threepence already imprefied on the same, under the said recited act of the lat session of parliament; and such bill of exchange, promiflbry and other note, so stamped with the two

several stamps of threepence and threepence, shall be considered as good and valid as if the same had been stamped or marked with one ltamp of sixpence, as herein before directed, and shall have the lame force and eifed in law or equity, anything herein before contained to the contrary not with (landing.

XVIII And be it further enacted, That the same allowance shall be made on present payment of the several duties granted by this act, only in such manner as by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, is directed and allowed.

XIX And be it further enacted, That such (lamps as the

Bills Scc.

marked already with a threepenny stamp, shall have another

Vflial allow, ante on prompt payment of duties.

Stamps may

be altered and said commissioners are hereby directed and authorised to pro

rtnetttfd -*- ..

Any person

vide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such manner as any other ltamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed.

XX And be it further enacted. That if any peffon shall

chufttcrfe*tin* counterfc'* or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, omittering any ^afnp or mark directed or allowed to be used by this a such counter for the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted, wits

feirs, shall an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, 0 fuffcf death as any of the said duties or shall fraudulently use any (lamp a a sion. mark directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent ft defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of die fax duties*or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to sale, any, veburn parchment, or paper, liable to the said duties, with any cow terfeit mark or impreftion thereupon, knowing the same to fc counterfeit then every such person so offending, and bar thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and ftp suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of deqgy.

L )Qle

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 49. 483

XXI And be it further enacted, Thit all powers, provi Duties torts, articles, clauses distributions of penalties and forfeitures, Jo levied and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed by any cas th0fe former act or acts of parliament, relating to the damp duties under former oh vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be of full force and stamp acts. iffeft with relation to the duties hereby imposed, and shall be

applied and put in execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said new duties hereby imposed, accord mg to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the" same had several ly and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new duties hereby imposed.

XXII And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penal Application ties hereby imposed shall go and be paid, the one moiety thereof f penalties, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety

thereof, with full costs of fult, to the person or persons whp thall inform and sue for the same, in any of his majesty's courts at Wtjlminjhr, for offences committed in England, lvales % or Berwuk upon Tweed, and in his m^jesty's court of session, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance,

shall be allowed.

XXIII And be it further enacted. That the feverak rates Duties to be and duties herein before granted, shall be paid, from time to paid torecei*. time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being

of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who P shall ktep a separate and distinct account of the several duties imposed by this act, and paytuch duties (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on ftarmpfti vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

XXIV And be it further enacted. That there shall be proa separate vided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt account thereof exchequer, a book or books in which all the moneys arising ^yth^ auditor from the said several duties imposed by this act, and paid into of theexchs the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart quer.

from all other moneys paid and payable to hi Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever.,

XX V And whereas the rates and duties upon inland bilk of exchange y promissory notes, or other notes, payable otherwise than upon delbandi wercy together with certain other duties, made a fund for torment if the. annuities established by on a51 made in the laji fejfson efpertiament, \intituledy An act for raising a certain sum of mo fley by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery 5) and it b therefore hecejfary that part of the rates and duties by this at grmt/d flail be applied towards payment of the said annuitiesy in iitu if tbi rates end duties; be it therefore enacted by the authority afcttftid, That, from and after the £rft day of August, on

^*by ivt

284

Application of the duties.

Persons sued for executing this act, may plead the general iitue,

and 'shall be entitled to treble coils.

noeo.j.c.si

recited,

and repealed.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 50. f 17s3,

thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the yearly sum of fifty thousand pounds, being the sum which the said rates and duties were intended to raise, shall be reserved and set apart, at the said receipt of the exchequer; and that out of the moneys which shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, of the duties hereby repealed, and out of the duties granted by this act, a proportional part of the sum of twelve thousand five hundred pounds shall, from the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to the tenth day of Ofiober, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and the sum of twelve thousand five hundred pounds, from and after the said tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be set apart and applied quarterly to the same uses and purposes as the duties hereby repealed were applicable; and that the residue of the produce of the said rates and duties, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, fhalf be a fund for the payment of the several and respective annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (intituled, An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.)

XXVI And be it further enacted, Thar if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants (lull have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP.L,

An at] for the better regulation of the office of the paymaster general of hii majesty's foroes, and the more regular payment of the army; a 7i d to repeal an atl made in the la ft session of parliament, entitled An act for the better regulation of the office of payuufter general of his majesty's forces.

TT H E R E A S by an atl, pojfed in the twenty second year of, his maje/ly's reign, intituled, An act for the better regulation of the office of paymaster general of his majesty's foroes, several provisions were made relative to the payment and clearing of the army, which have been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, 'arid commons, in this present parliament assembled, and'by the authority of the same. That the said act be, and the fatne is hereby repealed.'.. V'1

II And whereas it appears, by the reports mbd)\ fy.fti

1; '* fionm

1783'] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III c.50; 285

fioners appointed to examine, take, and Jiate the public accounts of the kingdom, that the paymajiers of theforces have heretofore been aceujtomed to accumulate large funy of public money in their hands beyond what was necejfury for carrying on the services in their departmentand to take and carry cut of office with them, upon their reftgndtion or removal, large balances of public money, which they have retained and kept in their bands many years after being out of office: and whereas it is highly expedient imt a remedy Should be provided for these inconvenienciei: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, the pay Dirediom to matter general of his majesty's forces for the time being, in all the paymaster memorials to be by him presented to the treasury, for money thii

for army services, shall pray, that such sum as be requires may ibet^eafiuy0 be issued to the governor ancf company of the bank of England for money for on his account, (pecifying in every such memorial the sum he army fer requnts, and for what particular service or services 5 and the yicc8* commissioners of his majesty's treasury for the time being, by their letter from time to time, shall direct the auditor of the exchequer to issue to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the pay matter general of his majesty's foroes, naming such paymaster general for the time being, the sum for which such letter shall be drawn upon the unsatisfied order at the exchequer, in favour of the said paymaster general, for which, the receipt of the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company shall be a sufficient discharge; and all sums Such moneys for which such letters of the commissioners of his majesty's to be issued to treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued to the governor and hank, and company of the bank of England, in like manner as they have account ot C been heretofore issued to the paymaster general of his majesty's the paymaster foroes; and all such moneys solo be issued to the governor and general, company of the bank of England shall be placed to an account to be raised in the books of the governor and company of the said bank of England, and to be intituled, The Account of the Paymaster General of his majesty's Foroes, inserting the name of such paymaster general for the time being.

HI. Ahd be it enacted, That no fees whatsoever shall be paid Only custom at the exchequer or treasury for or by reason of the transedions ary see to bo aforefrid, beyond the amount of what hath been usually paid Schweror upon imprefts and accounts hitherto made, according to the Keafury. former coitom of transading business between the exchequer, r pay office, and bank several ly.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the passing of this act, no money for the Money for

service of the army shall be issued from his majesty's exchequer frmy service

to the paymaster general of his majesty's foroes, or shall be

placed, or directed to be placed, in his hands or possession;

but the same shall be issued, and directed to be paid, to the goto the bank.

vemor and company of the bank of England, and to be placed

to the account abovementioned.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Paymaster, or (he paymaster general of his majesty's forces for the time being,

U 3

by

*$ bank for all army fayices.

Bank not to pay ffi4 money, uiiiefs for army services, and in pursuance of proper drafts.

4

Say mailer, in his first memo'ial to the trtafury every month, shall inilei t the balance of pub )kk money sn the bank, on hip account, See.

>n the death

or removal of a p.iy matter, the balance in the bank to veil in bit fucctltor.

annq vicesimo tertio G^GII III C 50. (17*3*

by himself, or his deputy or the person qr pet fops in hi oflfc duly authorised by the said paym^te1* gcqeral, vooi ni aftet the passing of this aii, (lall draw ugorufye governor amcqfl^ pany of the bank of fyigfand* For alj^ aoijy f; ryicq and shall specify in each add every cjraft the, pfutiqulrt fifflfks for which the same is drawn: and no draught, of uyj m mailer, or his deputy, or the perlpij or, person ^utjioa^cdas aforesaid, shall be deemed a fuflfcjen^ voucher to the said governor and company of the banfcoi England v»nl<tls.the Specifies the service for which it, is drawn, and ha betq actually paid by the said governor and company of tin; bankjof England.

VI And be it further enacted by tlje authority afprdaid, That the moneys fq t iltu^d to the goyernor, and of the bank of engl^d* on j^ccouqt, of the paymaster geuepl of his majesty's foroes, Shall not be paid out, of the bap, unless for the army services, and in purfuancp of drafts, or cheque paper, to be drawn on the governor and company of the hau of England, and signed by.the payjnaller general of hismycfl/t forces for the time being, or ijis deputy, or the person or persons authorised as aforesaid; in which drafts shall be spied the heads of service to which the funis therein qiendooedare to be applied; and which drafts, lo dran, Shall be fuffipent authority to the bank to pay such money to the persons ipqa tioned in such drafts, or to the bearer of them.

VII Andy that the commifioners of his Majtffs trptfurjiq have a frequent knowledge of the balance of caff in the bpniseftbt governor and company of the bank of England on aefopnt ofty foi \ general of his Mojefy's foroes, in order to enable then judge of the propriety and neceffty offurther tjfuesy an to prevent tit unmcejfary accumulation of public money in the hands of the gevtm and company of the bank of England; be it.enactedhy the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the passing of this act, in the first memorial presented every month, or oftener if required, to 1 the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, by the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces for the time being, for a (ppply of money for the army services, such paymafer dial! infers in the body of such memorial, the futn total of the balance of public money, on his account, in the hands of the governor and company of the bank of Englandy together with, an account of all the claims, outllanding drafts, and othftr d^gian^f, mkhi which such balance is chargeable, and is to be applied

VIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid That upon the death, resignation, or removal, of the prefen^ and of every other paytnaller of his majesty's forces hereaftef to be appointed, the balance of calli for which he Hull attbai time have credit, on his account as paymaster general, with tbf governor and company of the bank of Englandy shall, as looo as a successor Shall be appointed to the said office, actually vdj in such successor, in trull for the service of the army, and^forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the accounf

ifanno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 50. By

of such fuoceflbr paymaster general of his majesty's foroes, to be applied to the said service, in pursuance of the like drafts as aforesaid. And the paymaster general oftiis majesty's forces Paymaster to for the time being shall, and he is hereby directed and required, issue his drafts to form his memorials and requifitjons to the treasury, and to ^untoy ifbc his drafts as aforesaid, for all charges and deman4s, on army Cervices, account of the army Services, whiph are due and remain unfa from April 10, tisfied from the tenth day of Aprily one thousand seven hundred <7**» and eighty-two, although the same have accrued in the time of any former paymaster general; and also within twelve months and, after a after the accounts, enabling die said paymaster general to com time specified, plefee the heron after mentioned accounts, shall be received, to ^imal ac makeup, or cause to be made up, an annual account of the counts of the ordinary and extraordinary services of the army, intituled, Tie ordinary and Aarnni of tie Paymqfler General of his, Majesty's Foroes, to be extraoitfinary signed and attested by every paymaster general, who shall have to be pud or discharged any part or the said account; the first ac tranimitted to count to commence on the tefith day of April, one thousand the auditor of ftvavfr hundred and eighty two, and to end the twenty-fourth theimpreft. day of December following; and every succeeding account to begin on the twenty-fifth day of December, and to end oft the twenty-fourth day oi December following, in the last and every fiieceeding year, and to transmit the same, together with proper touchers to the auditor or auditors of the impressed, who shall, and they are hereby directed and required, within six months after the receipt thereof, to examine, or cause to be examined, the said; annual accounts, and, if found satisfactory, to present, or cause tabepresented, the same to the proper officer or officers, for declaration; and when the same is declared, a quietus of acquittance in the usual form, shall be made out to the find paymaster or paymaster general, his or their heirs, executors, and adeninistrators.

IX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the passing of this a, the paymaster Paymaster to generalo^his majesty's forces for the time being shall keep the keep an ac account with the bank of all moneys issued to or directed' to be th

paid to him for the service of the army: and the said paymaster**

observing the rules and regulations hereby prescribed,

Stall not be answerable for any money which he shall not a&oftuy receive 5 and the governor and company of the bank of England shall be answerable for all the moneys which shall be adtaally received by them for the service of the army.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall, from and after the passing Any oerfai of this act, knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause who U or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and will of\be folly ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, the name or ^after^c. hand of the paymaster general of his majesty's forces for the to obtain time being, or of his deputy, to any draught, cheque paper, in oney, from ftrument, or writing whatsoever, for or in order to the rccehr ,

fog or obtaining ny of the money in the hands or cqftody of ki0j1#

U 4 the

t

288 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 50. [1783*

the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the paymaster general of his majesty's foroes; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or assist in tiro forging or. counterfeiting, any draught, cheque paper, instrument, or writing, in form of a draught made by such paymaster general of his majesty's foroes, or his deputy; or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an intention to defraud any person whatsoever; every such person and persons so offending (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall be, and is and are hereby declared at>d adjudged to be, guilty of felony, and shall fuflfer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Books of ac Xf. And be it enacted. That all books of accounts what

count in the soever kept in the office of paymaster general, shall be held to office^be belong to the said office, and shall not be at the difpo&l of the held to belong paymaster general, to take and dispose of the same as his pri. 10 the same, vate and proper books of account: provided that nothing herein. shall extend to prevent any person or persons who hath or have exercised the office of paymaster general, or his or their executors or administrators, by himself or themselves, or by any person or persons authorised by him or them, from taking copies or extrads thereof, until an acquittance in the exchequer shall be made out for every several paymaster, his heirs, executors, and administrators.

XII And whereas it appears, front the reports of the emmif ftoners for examining, takings and sating, the public accounts of the kingdom, that the salaries, sees, and gratuities, received by several of the officers, clerks, and servants, employed in the office of pay majlcx general of his Majesty's foroes, have, of late years, amounted to sums beyond a reasonable and adequate compilation for their re 1 fpeftlve services; be it therefore enacted by the authority afore

fromdec. 15, said, Thar, from and after the twenty-fifth day of December 1783, no ftes next, no fee, perquisite, emolument, or reward whatsoever ue^'vrhaft111 Cother than and except the salaries and allowances herein after rr's office3for mentioned) shall be taken in the said office for any bugnefs, bufineis <toiie matter, or thing, to be done therein 5 and in lieu thereof, the therein officers, clerks, and servants, in the said office, shall receive annual salaries, payable quarterly, without dedudion, together with such further augmentations (the said augmentations to be made no oftener than once in the year) as the increase of business in the said office from time to time shall require; the said salaries and augmentations to be regulated by the paymaster M: general, by and with the concurrence of the lords commi(goners

j of the treasury, and Iris majesty's approbation had. thereon, and

not otherwise; and a list of the said officers, clerks, and servants, together with an account of the salaries paid, and augmentations made to them from time to time, shall be entered in a book, intituled, The Salary Bock, 'and depoftted in the office of the said paymaster general, and copies thereof lodged in the peafury and bank of England; and if .any pejrfqn belonging to,

or

1783*] Ajino vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 50.*289

or who (hill hereafter belong to, the said office, shall take or on penalty accept any fee, perquisite, emolument, or reward, (other than and except the salaries and allowances abovementioned) he spacuatfd** shall be dismissed from his office or employment, and be ren for three dered incapable of serving his Majesty in any employment what years, ever for the space of three years. /

XIII And be it enafied by the authority aforesaid. That Fees paid, and all fees paid at the office of the paymaster general, (ince the to be paid, tenth day of Oftoberr one thousand seven hundred and eightyr°m two, and which shall be paid at the said office on or before the ^,*783, how twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufancf seven hundred nd to bedifpoied eighty-three, shall be deposited in the hands of the cashier of of. the said office, or others authorised by the said paymaster general, in order to form a fund, from which a reasonable au mentation to the salaries and appointments of the several officers, clerks, and servants, shall be made, for their services daring the aforesaid period; the said augmentation to be regulated by the said paymaster general, by and with the concurrence of the commissioners of the treasury, and his majesty's approbation obtained thereon, and not "otherwise; and the remainder shall be paid to the treasurer or vice treasurer of Chelsea hospital, to be applied to the fund for an augmentation to the halt pay of officers, and others provided for by this aeft.

XIV And whereas the agents of the several regiments, troops % and companies, of his majesty*s army, have been accustomed to flop two days pay out of the arrears or clearings due to every commissioned officer, avowedly for the purpose of discharging fees of office; and whereas such stoppage not seeming to be warranted either from undet the King's sign manual, or from any other authority whatsoever \ it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the From Dec. 15, twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and 17*3* ag«nts eighty-three, no such stoppage as aforesaid shall be made; and nott° make if any agent shall, after, the said twenty-fifth day of December, fr dist^rs* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, presume to flop ing fees of the said two days pay as heretofore, or any part thereof, such office, agent so offending shall be dismissed from his agency, and be rendered irtcapableof serving his Majesty in that capacity for the space of three years.

XV And whereas a confederate annual sum of money is or may be faved from the allowance for clothing of certain invalid and independent companies, a large part of which saving is cr may be rendered permanent; be it hereby enacted, That all sums saved from the Savings in the said allowance, or brought in account in consequence of any clothing of savings to be made in the administration of Chelsea hofpitau shall nes CC be paid to the treasurer or vice treasurer of the said hospital, to how^tob/ap wards.a fund for an augmentation to the half-pay of officers plied, who have been or shall be maimed or grievously wounded in his majesty's land service, or as an augmentation to the pensions of widows, or as pensions to the children of such officers as have been killed in the said land service, as his Majesty shall direct and appoint; provided that no addition to half-pay, in

consequence

Anna viccfim© tertio Gborgji III C 50. [1783.

consequents of maims of wounds, or pea (ions to widows wfcofe husbands have, or shall have; been killed in his kfrjffty'a for vice, shall exceed jwenty five pounds a year; nor (hau the allowance to a Single child of an officer killed exceed twenty pounds, a year, nor be continued longer (if a male) than to twenty-five years of age, or until he be provided for ict'hia ma jeftv's feryice; or, if more children are left, the (hate of each child shall not exceed twelve pounds a year, to be continued 10 the males as aforesaid, and no otherwise

Not to deprive XVI provided always, and be it enacted by the fitttbofity tb Mymaster aforesaid, That nothing in this. a contained shall be conarued ot iwe tifual to. deprive the paymaster general of the ufusl allowances for mnsddfcu»dr fowfclf, W for contingencies, nor to Levant him from admi forcontingen niftering or applying, the hud contingencies according to the cies. usual course of office.

Mot to take XVII Provided always, and be it onacted, That nothing away the herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to p°werftf tbf lac away? dmfinilh, or alter, the power of the paymaster ge wmovln^of n?ra? of his majesty's foroes, to appoint remove, or change, at ficers employ his pleasure, all or any of the officers, and; clerks employed in io hit of his said office; or, with the confept and approbation of the fice. See. commissioners; Of the treasury, any three of them, fignuiod in writing, to increase die number of such clerks, in case the circumftaocea of the bugnefs of the foid office should render such an incrcafq neoeflary; which laid additions) officers, and clerks shall, upon their respective appointments, become in titled to the like faiaries as are hereinbefore directed to be paid to Vhe officers and clerks in a similar rank and station in the said office, aind shall be fubjcdlto all the rules, regulations, provisions, pains, and penalties, to which the officers and clerks now exiting in the said office are mads by this aisb

XVIII And whereat it appears, by the report made by the cm mitjioners appointed to examine take, aftd Jlafe, the public accounts of the kingdom, that making the payment of the army more fmplet expeditious 1 and intelligible would be of great public utility: and whereas it is proper that regulations should be made for that purpose

All estimates, be it enabled. That, from the twenty-fifth day of December, debentures, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, all estimates, dc see. to be made bentures> clearing warrants, and all warrants and accounts of from Dec? 25. whatsoever nature they may be, belonging to the army, whether for the fpacq of one or more years, (any part or parts of a year, as the service may require, exceptca, ) shall be made out from the twenty-fifth day of December, in every year $ any other statute or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX And whereas the dividing the establijbments under their ft

Secretary at vera °fft"* wwld greatly facilitate the aforesaid purpofts \

war to form be it enacted, That the secretary at war shall, and he is hereby

estimates of directed and required to form, or cause to be formed, estimates

the several for the several annual services of which the establishments of

vices tinder fe army con > is to say, an estimate of the charge of the

diftina heads, pensions to be paid to the widows of commissioned officers; an

eftimsfte

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii 111. C 50.

cftio^atc of the charge of the clothing of the uoti commuboti^d officers and private then of his Majesty's regular foroes; n cftu nwtjp oath charge of agency, charged m, the clearing of the fenexal corps, and of the allowances made to the agent of fa fpbfi^epce of non*effectice men, called Warrant Men an efti te of the charge of the in and out pensioners of Chelsea bofpir tsl and of the expenses of the fafd hospital; an estimate of the atffosu pay of the coqnmissioned officers, and non commissioned oncers, and private men, of his majesty's faroes, on the several efcbufhn^ents; an estimate of the charge of the allowances made to captains, paymasters, surgeons, and for the use of riding matters, rough riders, and expepces incident to the same; an estimate of the charge of the allowance to the paymaster general of his majesty's land foroes, the secretary at war, the committary general of the mutter, the judge advocate, their deputies, clerks, and the contingent expense of their respective offices, exchequer fees, and all other services now paid oitf of the dedudion of twelve pence in the pound, and one day's pay, and not otherwise provided for by this act: and the said Copies where secretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and requir^ tq of to be traef transmit copies of the said eftima^es, so soon as the same have odttedtothe been agreed to by the house of commons, to the office of thp paym paymaster general of his majesty's land forces.

XX And be it enacted, That, from the twpnty fifth day of p*ym*4tatto Duembjr, one thoyfand fever hundred and eighty-three, the for** paymafier general of his majesty's land forces mall, and fa is

hereby directed and required to form his memorials and, requi forinp^es apr Ctions to the treasury, and to issue his drafts upon the governor propriated for and company of the bank of England, upon, the twenty. fqyrt& doling, <» day of June, and twenty-fourth day of Deamber> m every year, in equal payments, to such perfop or persons as have V regular nually/ alignment from the several cqlqnejs, lieutenant colonelscommandant, majors and captains conpn^n4ant, and captains, for the moneys appropriated for the clothing of the nori commis

Honed officers and private men of his majesty's. regular forces.

XXI Provided always, That nothing in this act dull cxr Not to titer tend, or be construed to extend, to the making any alteration the privileges, in the privileges, profits, or emoluments which the said coio

nets, lieutenant colonels commandant, major, and captains iicut. cole. commandant, and captains, now derive, either from the cloth relative to ing, or the non effiedive. men, calied; Ifarrflfit Mtnf or Haul clothing, or bots, of their respective regiments, troops, and companies; but non**fl«ctive the said colonels, lieutenant colonels, commandant, majors ^cn' and captains commandant, and, captains, shall continue io enjoy and receive the same privilege, profits, and emoluments, as they would otherwise enjoy and receive from the net offreckonings, and from the nan effectice men, called Warrant Men, or Hautbois of their rpspective, regiments and corps, had this act not been made

XXII And, far the better prevention, of the issuing frap the ep-

(bejuer ay, more moneys than./kali be necessary for tbc pufpofet rer

cited

Anno vicesimo tertio Georg 11iil C 50. [*783.

Secretary at cited in this afi; be it enacted, That, from and after the passing rtatraaf. Gf th; s 3^ the secretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed paymaster's an required, from time to time, to transmit to the office erf the office an ac paymaster general of his majesty's Jand foroes, an account of count of the the effective commissioned and non com missioned officers and effective offi private men of his majesty's regular foroes, and embodied mi vaw8*rcgulars tia ^erv^ng n Great Britain, distinguishing each corps fcve and embodied rally and the said pajjnafter general shall, and he is hereby militia, in directed and required, to form his memorials and requihtions. Great Britain. ancj to j{fuc his drafts, as aforesaid, for the subsistence of the said effective commissioned and non com missioned officers and

Not to extend to alignments, debentures, C prior to Dec. »5» »7*3-

Paymaster rtftiy issue certain allowances to agents monthly.

Allowances to colonels of subsistence of non effective men, to be added to their pay.

Secretary at war to form an estimate of moneys northeast ctflary for recruiting each regiment, C and so trauf mu it to the paymatter's office.

private men, according to the said accounts, and for no other service under the said title or description.

XXIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any assignments, debentures, clearing warrants, or other warrants or accounts of the army, for periods prior to the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; but all such alignments, debentures, clearing warrants, or other warrants or accounts, shall oe prepared and made up in the same manner as they would have been, had this act not been made.

XXIV Provided always, and be it enacted, That this adfc shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the paymaster general of his majesty's forces from issuing; to the agents of the respective regiments, troops, and companies, in monthly payments, the allowances given to the agents, in lieu of the subsistence of the non effective men, called Warrant Men, formerly paid to them.

XXV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the allowances heretofore made to the colonel or commandant, known by the name of allowances to the colonel of the subsistence of non effectwe meny called Warrant Men and Hautbois, shall be added to the pay of the said colonels and commandants; and the paymaster general of his majesty's forces shall, and he is hereby directed and required to issue the same, in monthly payments, at the time the subsistence of the army is issued.

XXVI And whereas the method offetting apart the subsistence of the non effective meny as a fund for the recruiting and other contingent fervidly tends to obfeurity and confusion in accounts; be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the secretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form, or cause to be formed, from time to time, an estimate of the moneys which may be necessary for recruiting each regiment, troop, or company, of his majesty's foroes, and to transmit the said estimate to the office of the paymaster general of his majesty's land foroes; who shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requisitions, and to issue his drafts, as aforesaid, for the same, at the times, and in the proportions, which the said secretary at war shall direct!; and to charge the same to the account of each regiment,

troop,

1783.], Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 50. 293

troop, and company, for whose use the said moneys have been issued.

XXVII And whereas it is necessary that accounts of the recruiting service Should be regularly transmitted \ it enacted, That Recruiting every officer employed n the recruiting any regiment, troop, officer, every or company, of his majesty's foroes, shall, and he is hereby

directed and required, every two months, to make up and toabftraft0f transmit, examined and certified by his commanding officer, if the numbers resident in Great Britain, (who in this case shall, and he is here recruited, C by directed and required to certify the same, ) to the adjutantt0 lheea^uj general of his majesty's foroes, an abstract of the numbers re

cruited during the two preceding months, and also to transmit agent, a copy of the said abstract, together with a regular and exact account of the expenses which have attended the said service during the two preceding months, to the agent of the corps for which such officer is recruiting respectively; and on failure Penalty on herein, the officer, through whcfe neglect such abstract and neglctt. account, or a copy thereof, shall not have been transmitted to the adjutant general, or to the agent of the corps respectively,

shall be liable to be tried for such neglect by a general court-martial, and, if convicted, shall be cashiered, or shall suffer such other punishment as by such court-martial shall be awarded; and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company, in which such neglect shall be committed, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make a report thereof to his colonel, if in Great Britain, who shall report the same to the commander in chies, or to the secretary at war, in order that the officer so ftegle&ing may be brought to trial for the same.

XXVIII And whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased to direct a part of the poundage deduced from his forces to be returned;

be it enacted. That, from the twenty-fifth day of December, Directions to

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the secretary at the secretary

war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form,

cause to be formed, on the twenty-fourth day of June, and [n poundage

twenty-fourth day of December, in every year, an account for deduced.

the preceding six months, of the moneys necessary to be issued

for defraying the expense of repaying such parts of the poundage

deduced from the pay of the forces as are now returned to the

effective men of his majesty's foot foroes, or which his Majesty

shall, by warrant under his royal sign manual, hereafter direct

to be repaid; and to transmit the same to the office of the paymaster

general of his majesty's land foroes, who shall, and is

hereby direfled and required, within fourteen days from the

receipt thereof, to form his memorials and requisitions, and to

issue his drafts, as aforesaid, for the same, upon the said twenty

fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth day of December, and to

charge them to the account of efcch corps, as aforesaid.

XXIX And whereas it is expedient to hep the services which are

now provided for out of the fubfjlence issued for the non effective Secretary at men, or the contingencies, more dijlinfi; be it enabled, That^secretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to tjmates herein'O' forrrl, rr.enfioned;

and to transmit them to the pay office.

Certain annua! allow, adces to be made to captains of foot, Sic.

Anho vietsimo tertio Georgii III C 50. [17s3.

form, or cause to be formed, from time to time, an eftiroite d? the moneys necessary to be tftued on account of*the extra price of bread, when his majesty's troops are in barracks; also ah estimate, from tiny to time, of the moneys necessary to be issued sot defraying the expenses of marches; also on or before the first day of November iri every year, an estimate of the mo w nies necessary to be issued For ni majesty's horse and drigoon foroes, usually called Grass Money; and also, on the twenty-fourth day of Julie and twenty-fourth day of December, in every year, an estimate of the moneys necessary to be issued for the expenses of deserters, subsistence of discharged men, sees 4f offices, hospital expenses, carriage and expenses of new arms, travelling expenses of officers and horses before they join the regiment; together with all lesser contingencies, now ufuafty paid, or which his Majesty shall, by any future regulations, under his royal sigh manual, dirndl to be allowed to and for the use of each regiment, troop, and company, of his foroes; and to transmit the same to the office of paymaster general of hie 1 ntajesty's land foroes, who shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requifttions, and to iaue his drafts as aforesaid, for the several moneys contained in the said estimates, at such times, and in such proportions, as the (Secretary at war shall direct, or are otherwise provided for by this act, and to charge the same to the account of each corps; as aforesaid.

XXX And whereas it has been the praflice to apply part of the non effective subsejlente to the use of captains of troops and companies of his majesty's regular land foroes: and whereas the said allowance is fubjlantially equitable; but it will be more convenient to make a specific allowance in lieu thereof; be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, an annual allowance shall be made to each of the captains of companies of foot, during their continuance in service, according to thecftabliftiment of their fespective companies; that is to say, when the companies' are at the eftabltfh ment of feyenty six men or upwards, the aforesaid annual allowance shall be fifty six pounds ten Shillings; the companies are reduced in their establishment under seventy six, and above fifty men, the aforesaid annual allowance shall be

are

forty seven pounds seven Shillings and sixpence; and when the companies are reduced in their establishment to fifty men or under, the aforesaid allowance shall be thirty-eight pounds five Shillings; send also the annual allowance of thirty pounds ndw made to the captains of troops of horse and dragoons, shall continue to be made; for which said allowances the paymaster general of his majesty's land forces shall, an^l he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requisitions, and to issue his drafts as aforesaid, on the twenty-fourth day of Juney and twenty-fourth day of Dctember % in every year, in equal payments, and to charge the same to the account of the Jeveraf regiments, troops, and companies, to which the said captains belong.'

-'xxxr. j*i

1783-] Anno vicesimo tertio georgu III fc. $0. 293

XXXI And whereas the captains of thi regiment and independent' companies of invalids, have been accustomed to receive the Jubftjlence of certain non effective men called Contingent Men, as an indemnification for the repairs of arms, burials, and Losses by men dying in their debt, and have olfo been allowed the pay of the non effective nan in their fold fevetal companies: and whereas the regiment and independent companies of invalids have been considered as an honourable retirement for officers of long fetvtce, and it is proper to make a suitable and more equal provision for that branch of the service; be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth day of December, Annual alone thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, an annual al lowancet to Iowa nee of one hundred pounds shall be made to each of theb* made to captain of the regiment and independent companies of inva jhewg^ent lids, when the eftablhhment of their respective companies shall andindepend acnount to seventy private men, or upwards; and ah annual ant companies allowance of eighty pounds wheh the establishment is under the*f invalid said number of private men; for which said allowances the paymaster general of his majesty's land forces shall, and he ts hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requifitiohs, and to issue his drafts as aforesaid on the twenty-fourth day of and twenty.fourth day of December, in every year, in equal payments, and to charge the same to the account of the icgiifient and independent companies of invalids.

XXXII And whereas his Majesty has been pleased to toufe repayment to be made to the non eommissioned officers and private men of his foot foroes, of the stoppages made for the use of the paymajlers and surgeons: and whereas it is proper to make provision sot the pap majursand Jmrgeons in lieu thereof; be it enabled. That, from the Annual allow twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and tnc**to* eighty-three, an annual allowance of one hundred and twenty mafteta°any* pounds shall be made to each of the said paymasters and fur surgeons of gcons, when the establishment of their companies is fifty pri the foot vale men, or upwards \ % and an annual allowance of seventy j?rce, »pounds, after the companies shall be reduced in their establishment below the said number of private men: for which said pages made allowances, the paymaster general of his majesty's forces shall, for their use. and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requisitions, and to iltue his drafts as aforesaid, Nupon the twenty-fourth day of June and twenty-fourth day of December, in every year, in equal payments; and to charge the same to the account of each corps, as aforesaid.

XXXIII And whereas it has been usual for the allowances made te the paymasters, surgeons, riding majters, and rough riders, of his Majesbfs horse and dragoon foroes, to be paid to them out of thje mo nits tffited under the name of Orafs Money, and it is proper to make Annual tb 4 diftmfl provision in lieu thereof; be it enacted, Thar, from the ^ymaftent twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fargeoni, 9eighty-three, an annual allowance, at and after the rate of teh riding mat pounds for every troop of and in each regiment of his majesty's LI

Borfe and dragoon foroes, shall be made to each of the said pay dragocs so matters, when the establishment of the troop amounts to fortyrieu ofgrafa

private money.

Gc; Ie

29$

Paymaster of every regiment, C to transmit to the agent, every two month?, an account of fubfittence actually paid therein.

And twice in every year to transmit to the said agent the several accounts herein fpicified.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 50., [17h31

private men, or upwards; and an annual allowance at and after the rate of seven pounds fifteen Shillings, for every troop, shall be made to each of the said paymasters, after they shall be reduced in their establishment below the said number of private men; and also an annual allowance, at and after the rate of eight pounds for every troop of and in each regiment of his majesty's horse and dragoon foroes, shall be made t6 each of the said surgeons, when the establishment of the troop amounts, to forty private men; and an annual allowance, at and after the rate of six pounds four Shillings, for every troop, shall he made to each of the said surgeons, after they shall be reduced in their establiftunent below the said number of private men; and also an annual allowance, at and after the rate of twenty-three pounds six Shillings, for every troop of and in each regiment of his majestyyhorfe and dragoon foroes, shall be made to the colonel, lieutenant colonel, and major commandant, of every corps, for the use of the said riding matters, rough riders, or for incidental expenses relating to the same, when the establishment of the troop amounts to forty private men; and an annual allowance, at and after the rate of eighteen pounds one shilling, for every troop, shall be made to the said colonels, lieutenant colonels, and majors commandant, for the aforesaid purposes, after they shall be reduced in their establishment below the said number of private men: for which said allowances, the paymaster general of his majesty's land forces shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requisitions, and to issue his drafts as aforesaid, on the twenty-fourth day of Juney and twenty-fourth day of December, in every year, in equal payments; and to charge the same to the account of each corps, as aforesaid.

XXXIV And be it enacted. That every paymaster of a regiment, troop, or company, of his majesty's regular foroes, or embodied militia, shall, and he is hereby directed and reqoired to make out, and transmit to the agent of such regiment, troop, or company, an account, every two months, of the exact subsistence actually paid to effective officers and men, and of the broken periods arising from deaths, desertions, or discharges, of men, in the course of the said two months: and on the twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth dny of December, in every year, the said paymaster shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make up, and, within three months from each of the above periods, to transmit to the said agent, the following accounts; that is to say, an account of all the expenses which have attended the recruiting service of his majesty's regular foroes, for the preceding six months, distinguiftiine the subsistence of recruits, levy money, and every other article of expense, under their several heads; an account of the poundage paid to the effective men, in the preceding six months; an account of the allowances made for the extra price of bread, to such of the troop who have been in barracks, the preceding six months; an account of the expenses which have attended

by

1^83.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III 6. $0; 297

the marches of any regiment, troop, or company, from one part of Great Britain to Another; an account of the moneys paid, for the preceding Jix months, usually called Graft Money; an account of hospital expenses, travelling expenses of officers and horses. Before they join the troop, or regiment, anti all other less contingencies which are now, or which his Majesty shall, by any ftiture regulations under his royal sign manual, direct to be allowed sot the preceding six months, under their several heads; the said respective accounts to examined and certified by the commanding officer of each respective cotps, who shall, and he is hereby directed and rfcauirdd to efcatstine and certify the same 5 and on failure herein, the paymaster, through whose neglect the said respective accounts shall not be transmitted as aforesaid, shall be liable to a trial for such neglect by h general court-martial, and if convicted, shall be cashiered, of shall suffer such other punishment as by such court-martial shall be awarded; and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company, in which such neglect shall be committed, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make a report thereof to his colonel, if in Great Britain, who shall report the same to the commander in chies, or to the secretary ac war, in order that the officers offending may be brought to a trial for the same.

XXXV And be it enacted, That, from and after the twenty Agents to fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty aictc?0uiits four, the agent of every regiment, troop, and company, of his of their r # regular foroes, and embodied militia, shall, and are spective regi hereby directed and required to make up an annual account of t, llb** each regiment, troop, and company, for the preceding year, V ending the twenty-fourth day of December; the accounts of the forces and militia serving in Great Britain, to be made up within six months after the expiration of the year; the accounts of the federal corps on foreign service, within two months after the respective accounts, enabling the agents to make up their said annual accounts, shall be received by the said agents; and in the said accounts, the several imprests, or moneys received, including the moneys received for cad korfes sold, and every other receipt which belongs and ought to be brought to the credit of the publick, in the accounts of the respective corps, and the several disbursements or moneys paid, shall be properly distinguished under their several heads of fovice, the arrears due to the several officers, and the agency due to them, upon the full pay of the commissioned officers, noncommissioned officers, and private men, of the several corps then and there to be charged, and the balance then (truck which is doe from the publick to the said regiment, troop, and company; r.

and to transmit the same within the aforesaid limited time, to gether with proper vouchers, agreeable to the present (landing fecmtry at*regulations, or any future regmatipus which his Majesty shall, war, and pay under his royal sign manual, direct, to the office of the secretary nwfter*gen> Vot. XXXIV X at

Z

on forfeiture of tool

Not to discharge agents from making up such other accounts a the secretary at war may require.

Directions relative to mustering the forces

Directions for making out army Debentures and clearing warrants.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii IIL 0.50* [178^

at war and a copy thereof to the office of the paymaster general of his majesty's land foroes; and on failure herein or in any other of the regulations prescribed to the said agents by this a the said agent or agents so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every offence to be recovered by any person or persons who shall sue for the same; and the ieccetary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to examine and settle or cause to be examined and settled the aforesaid annual accounts, and to transmit the lame, together with certificates of the several charges allowed in the said accounts, and the balances of the same within three months after the receipt of the said accounts respectively to the office of the paymaster general of his majesty's land forces.

XXXVI Provided always. That this act shall not extend, or beconftrued to extend, to discharge any agent or agents from making up, in the course of the year, such account or accounts as the secretary at war may have occasion for or require; and any agent or agents, refuting obedience to such requitition or requisitions, shall be liable to the penalty aforefait).

XXXVII And whereas the common practice of mustering the foroes, is not of prejent use, be it enacted. That his majesty's forces shall be mustered on, or as near as may be to, the twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fourth day of December, in every year; at which time the commissaries mall, and they are hereby directed and required to take exact lists of all the commissioned and noncommissioned officers, and private men, then actually existing in the several regiments, troops, and companies; and also lists of such commissioned and noncommissioned officers, and private men, who have been in the several regiments, troops, and companies, for any part or parts of the preceding half year, specifying the periods at which such officers, and private men, came into the several corps, and when they died, or where removed and also the dates and attestations of all recruits, acquired in the preceding half year: and the commissary general of musters shall, and he is Hereby directed and required to transmit the same to the offices of the secretary at war, and paymaster general of his majesty's land foroes, and comptrollers of the accounts of the army, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, and first day of May, following the said musters respectively.

XXXVIII And whereas the present method of making out tbs army debentures and clearing warrants is inconvenient; be it enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the secretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required to prepare and send, together with the annual accounts of the agents, and certificates aforesaid, warrants to the office of the paymaster general of his majesty's land foroes, authorising and directing the said paymaster general to make out debentures, wherein the films born on the several establishments, and the moneys disbursed du account thereof, shall be specified, and the balance certified,

which

1783*] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii lit. C 51 — 53.99

which is due to 6r from each regiment, troop, and company, of his majesty's regular foroes, and embodied militia; which said debenture the paymaster general shall, and he is hereby di recced and required to transmit to the office of the said secretary at war, within three months from the receipt thereof; and the secretary at war shall, and he is hereby directed and required, immediately on receipt of the said debentures, to make out, or cause to be made out, clearing warrants, directing and authorising the said paymaster general to form memorials and requisitions, and to issue hi drafts as aforesaid, for the balanceor net moneys due to each regiment, troop, and company, of his Majesty's regular foroes, and embodied militia, for clearings, and to charge the same to the account of the said regiment, troop, and company; and the said clearing warrants shall authorise and direct the paymaster general to make the excess which shall arise upon the several establishments, after deducing therefrom the moneys so disburfed and paid as aforesaid, a favingv and to carry it to the credit of the public; and to charge' every deficiency, which shall arise from the several establishments not being sufficient to discharge the disbursements paid on account as aforesaid, to the general account of contingencies, or to such other fund as may be applicable thereto.

XXXIX And be it enaced, That this act shall not extend, This at not or be construed to extend, to the making any alteration in the to extend to present mode or regulation of the two troops of horse guards, or 5^, the two troops of horse grenadier guards, the royal regiment of f00t gjayds, horse guards, and the three regiments of foot guards; but the same shall continue in the pracitc of the same mode and regulations as they would otherwise have done had this ac not been made.

CAP. LI

An a to repeal an act, made in the fifth year of rhe reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for further punishment of vagabonds calling themselves Egyptians.

act 5 Eliz. 10. recited, and repealed.

CAP. LII

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, within the realm of Great Britain.

Number of forces 17, 483, including, 030 invalids. — This ac to continue in the realm ot Great Britain, from June 24, 1783; till March 25,7*4-

cap. iman

act to enable the commijfmers of supply of the several therein mentioned, in that part of Great Britan called Scotland, to assess and levy certain funis for relieving such of inhabitants

X of

300 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 53.' [1783;

T the said aunties as have been reduced to by the

of the laji year's crop of tornj and to enable his during

the next recess of parliament, by and with the adviee of his privy tounth, to permit the importation of torn into said tomtits for a limited time, and in ships or vefftls belonging to any fate in amity with his Majesty, navigated by foreign

WTHEREAS, it is highly nettssary to matefomeprovifmfor Preamble. y,^relief of futbof the inhabitants of the tounties of

Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Rots, Nairne, cro martie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, as are or Shall be reduced to dijlrefs by the failure of the crop of corn, and the

fearettyand high price of corn occafeoned thereby: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enailed by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho comroiffion* rity of the same, That the commissioners of supply for the said ers of supply several and respective counties of Kincardine, Aberdeen, Info certain verntfs. Rtfs, Nairne, cromartargyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, counties in Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, may, and

afofohemayby are hereby authorised (if the circumstances of the said < landholders to counties shall require and admit thereof) to assess and levy upon*raise a sum of all and every the heritors and landholders within their respec moneyt tive shires, a sum of money not exceeding fourteen pounds Scots on every one hundred pounds Scots of valued rent of the said counties respectively; such sum to be raised and levied in the same manner, and with and under the same powers and authorities, as are directed by an act made in this present feigoa of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majtjly by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thotifand /'evenhundred and eighty-three, with respect to the cess thereby directed to be raised and levied.

... II And be it further enacted. That the commissioners of sup

in relieving Pty acting within and for the several (hikes aforesaid respectively,

inhabitants shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to apply the

reduced to moneys arising by virtue of the affeliment authorised to be made Yrr bir thi* act, in relieving such of the inhabitants of the said retail year's °* fpe&'ive shires as have been reduced to indigence by the failure crop. of the last yeary crop, and in such way and manner as the

said commissioners in their judgement and discretion shall think fit.

His Majesty III And whereas it may be y during the next recess of

empowered, lament, to permit the fret importation of corn into the said several recrfmtfpar and re/pebtive counties of Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness,

liament, to*r°fs. Nairne, Cromartie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, iflhe his pro Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, be it clamation for further enaftea. That it shall and may be lawful to and for.his importation*of Majesty, by his royal proclamation, to be issued by and with corn, for four the advice of his privy council, to permit the importation af

corn

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III c.54 — 56. 30t

corn for the space of four months, to be computed from the months, into third day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty the three, into the said several and refpcfiive counties of Perth, cottn "eif Kincardine, Aberdeen, Invemess, Refs, Nairne, Cromartie, ar gyl*+ Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton,

Orkney, and Zetland; and that all such com, to be imported by virtue of or under such proclamation, shall not be subject or liable to the payment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever; and such com so imported may be carried coaftways under the same regulations as corn being the growth of this kingdom; anything in any former act or ?£ts of parlia* mfent to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Whatcom said. That the said corn, (videlicet) corn, grain, or flour, wheat, and flour may or wheat flour, rye, rye flour, barley, oats, peas, and all sorts of be imported, corn, grain, and meal, and pulse, may be imported into the aforesaid places in any ship or vessel belonging to any date in amity with his Majesty, his heirs and successors, navigated by foreign seamen.

CAP. LIV

An act for providing a proper workhoafe, within the parish of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, and for better regulating the poor within the said pardh.

CAP. LV

An act for building a new goal for the; town and county of the town of icingfton upon hu.l; for purebating an additional burial ground for the use of the parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said town) for regulating the fares of hacknty coachmen, chairmen, and porters, and the prices of carriage of goods; for altering the time of lighting lamps; for ascertaining the breadth of party walls, and for preventing certain nui lances within the said town, liberties, and precincts thereof; for amending an act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and establilhlng public quays or wharves at Kingfhm upon Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built oppoflte to certain ftaitbs in (be said act described; and for other purports.

CAP. LVI

An act to allow the drawback of the whole duty of upon the

( exportation of rite.

WHEREAS by an a8made in tbit present fefjton of parlia

menty ( intituled, An act for allowing the importation ofrecitaj0f rice, paddy, Indian corn, Indian meal, and maize, free of duty, s. of the for a limited time, ) Rice is permitted to be imported into Great present ff britain, from any place whatsoever, at any time or times before the thirtieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and three, without payment of any fubftdy, cust, or duty, on importation

whatsoever: now, in order to encourage the trade and commerce of this kingdom, may it please your Majesty that it may be X ,

X 3 enacted;

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii ID. C 57, [*783.'

enacted j and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and corifent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament asst sembled, and by the authority of the same. That, upon the 1783! a sraj exportation of any rice which shall be imported into this back of the kingdom after the said thirtieth day of September one thou whole duty of farid seven hundred and eighty-three, instead and in lieu of all formcr drawbacks, the exporter shall be allowed a drawback or the^xporta*1 ahowance of all the duties of customs which were paid upon tioa otrice, the importation of such rice j which drawback shall be made and allowed in such manner, and under fitch roles, regulations, penalties, nd forfeitures, as any former drawback or allowance payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of such rice, was, could, or might be paid and allowed, if this adk had not been made.

C A R LVU,

An act for the salt of prize goods secured in warehoufts in ibis king domy for which toe duties are not paidy or the goods exported, within a limited time.

Preamble. WHEREAS great quantities of prize goods, which bar been taken during the late hojlilitiesy are now remaining in several warehouses in this kingdom, in which they were secured in pursuance ofseveral assis of parliament made for the relief of the cap tors of prizes with ref petit to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom: And whereas, now the hojiilities are ceafid, it .is expedient that such warehouses Should be cleared of such goods within a reasonable time, to be allowed for that purpose: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho if warehoused ri; y of the same. That if fych 'goods shall not be either ex pntt goods ported, or the full duties paid for the same, on or before the ^orted oitthe twenty-fifth day f December, one thousand seven hundred and Suties paid,eighty-five, but shall then continue and be dill remaining ia before Dec' such warehouses, it shall and may be lawful for the commission5» V ers of his majesty's customs at Londonox Edinburgh respectively, com million or any three or more of them for the time being, to cause such toa/fetuhe*118 e^ods remaining to be publicly sold, by auction or inch of kmc. candle, to the best bidder 5 and the money arising by such sale

to be applied, first, in discharge of the duties diie and payable for such goods, and the expenses of such falej and the overplus (jf any) to be paid to the proprietor of such goods, or other person duly authorised to receive the same.'*

CAP.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertxo Georgii III c.58.

303

CAP. LVIII

An ail far graining to his Majesty several additional and now duties upon stamped vellum parchment, and paper; and aljo for repealing certain exemptions from the Jfamp duties

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have freely granted unto your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and. grant unto your Majesty the several additional and new lamp duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacsted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, 1 in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the From Aug*same, That, from and after the first day of August, one thou j£*?n sand seven hundred and eighty-three, there shall be levied, Outiefto bn collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britaitiy paid to his unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, Majesty5 VI

the several lamp duties following; that is to say, dehcetj

For every

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or which&ftia?inbe piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print written or ed, any receipt, or other discharge, for any legacy left by any printed a rewill or other testamentary instrument, or for any share or part jcc, £*

Of a personal estate, divided by force of the statute of distributi exceeding ons, or the custom of any province or place, the amount whereo1.an addi of shall not exceed the value of twenty pounds, there shall be tional duty charged an additional lamp duty of two Shillings and six f d. pence; and where the amount shall exceed the value of twenty pounds, and not amount to one hundred pounds, an additi a" 100*onal damp duty of five Shillings; and where the amount there 100\t los of shall be of the value of one hundred pounds, an additional anf1 a 1^3, 4/ ftarop duty of twenty Shillings; and a like additional lamp dition upon duty upon every further sum of one hundred pounds, so left by every tool, any will or other testamentary instrument, or for any share or £?rc'£ry part of a personal estate, divided by force of the statute of dif 0n which toll tributions, or the custom of any province or place: be written or

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or printed any piece of paper, upon which shall be ingroired, written, or probateof a printed, any probate of a will, or letters of administration, for or above the any estate of or above the value of one hundred pounds, there value of 1001. shall be charged an additional lamp duty of twenty Shillings; an additional and a further additional duty of twenty Shillings, where the duty f s estate is of or above the value of three hundred pounds; and a Bool, value further additional duty of twenty Shillings, where the estate is " of oi of or above the value of six hundred pounds; and a further ad 6oo|*

x4 dhional**of}1

304 Anno vicesimo teuio Georgii III C 58. [1783.

t^jooi. value, ditional duty of twenty Shillings, where the estate is of or above — of, 1. the value of one thousand pounds:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or An additional piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, oj print dun want n Great Britain, any indenture, Tease, or other deed, for din 17geo.j. which a lamp duty of one shilling and sixpence is payable, by viz. an ioden virtue of an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his tore, leaf or present Majesty, except bonds given as security for the payment ?er, d''d of any sum or (urns of money, there shall be charged an addi rtamp duty oftional stamp duty'of one shilling :

is.«d i For every (kin or piece of vellum Or parchment, sir sheet or

granted ex piece of paper, upon which any bond shall be ingrossed, wrh cept bond ten, or printed, given as security for any sum of money, the ntytor pay u amount whereof (nail Exceed one hundred pounds, there shall mentof be charged an additional stamp duty of five Shillings, and

money.) where the amount thereof shall be of the value of five hundred

On bonds for pounds, or upwards, there shall be charged an additional (lamp above iool.an duty of ten Shillings:

dutuofn % f For every (kin or piece of vellum qr parchment, or sheet or piec?

for cod*and p3pcr* upon wh^h shall he ingrossed of written any original upwards ibs. writ (except such original qpon whicji a writ of Capias ifiues) jevery (kin, Subpepia* bill of a{iddlesex % Latitat, writ of Capias, Quo Minus, C contain writ of pedimus Pofejlqlem to take anfyrers, e^arqine witnesses, inganorjp or appoint guardians, or any other writ'whatsoever, or any pttnt&c. other ptocefe or mandate that shall issue out or pass the seals of

where the any he courts at fvtjlminftcry courts of the great sessions in

debt or da Walts^courts in the counties palatine, or any other court whar

mabe amounts soever holding plea, where the debt dr damage doth amount to d^uonal^uty ^°rty Shillings or above, dr the thing in demand is oif that of 6d. value, (writs of covenant for levying fines, writs of entry for

suffering comqipn recoveries, and writs of Habeas Corpus, al mns^hoid ways cxccpted>) <ha11* charged an additional lamp duty twoecclefiaf of sixpence:

t»c»l livings. For every (kin or pjece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Uc. arkxtidi piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed written, 'or print t.onaldutyof^any dispensation to hold two ecclesiastical dignities or bene on admissions hoes or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other dispensation into either ot or faculty from the lord arqhbishop of Canterbury, or the maftef the inns of of the faculties for the time being, there mall be charged an act coart. an additional stamp duty of forty Shillings: '

0^40* Ut For cvcry ^, n or P1CCC ve^yin or parchment, or sheet or imdon every Piece upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print

regiller or any sdmhfion into any of the four inns of court, thebe' (hill

ctrtifkate of le charged an additional stamp duty of forty Shillings: the decree of Fqr every Ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or t^ken thtrttn P, CCF p3pcr> upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print an adtfuional* any register, entry, testimonial, or certificate of the degree1. of utter barrister, taken in any of the said four inns of court,

C there shall be charged an additional stamp duty of four pounds:

grnhjohet For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beef or ter patent piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print

(d,

ik

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 58. 305

ed, any grant or letters patent under the great Teal of Gw* under the Britain, or the seal of the duchy or county palatine of gnat seal, or

of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchifc, liberty, or privi leal of the lege to any person or persons, body politic or corporate, or £ "**7*,

exemplification of the same, (commissions of rebellion in pro" " cess always excepted, ) there shall be charged an additional tic. an addi fiamp duty of forty Shillings: tional 40s.

For every (kin or piece of vellum jr parchment, or sheet or On every ad piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written or print mittance of a ed, any admittance, or instrument for admitting, of any fellow of the college of physicians, or of any attorney, clerk, advocate, phyfcians, or proctor, notary or other officer or officers, in any court what of an attor soever in Great Britain, (not being an annual officer in any cor ney Pro "r poration or inferior court, whose office is under the' value of ten pounds per antium, in salary sees, or other perquisites)) "

shall be charged an additional lamp duty of forty Shillings:

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of Oa bills of paper r upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any note or bill of lacting, which mall be signed for any goods or Reported, an merchandizes to be exported, there shall be charged an additio additional d. nal damp duty of fourpence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (het or On certificates piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print for drawing ed, any certificate or debenture for drawing back any customs act af, y or duties, or any part of any customs or duties, for or in respect p^jion*an of the rethipping or exporting of any goods or merchandizes, gd.

which shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, from Great Britainyfor pny parts beyond the seat, there shall be charged an additional lamp duty of eight pence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or On every d piece of paper, upon which, shall be ingrossed or written, any citation or mo ration, or monition, made in any ecclefiafiical court, or any libel "g" or allegation, defposition, answer, sentence, or final decree, or court, can any inventory exhibited in any ecclefiafiical court, the courts of additional is. admiralty or cinque ports, or whereupon any copies of them respectively shall be ingrossed or written or upon which shall be ingrossed or written any protest, or any other notorial aft wharsoever, there shall be charged an additional damp duty of one shilling:

, For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or On every con piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any veyanee, fur conveyance, surrender of grants or offices, release, or other deed rend*r whatsoever, yvhich shall be enrolled of record in any of the courts at tvtflminstery or in any other court of record whatfo record in any ever, or by any Cujloi Rctulorum, or clerk of the peace, there court of redial! be charged an additional damp duty of two Shillings and an

sixpence: as. 6 th

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or''

pie of papes''which shall be ingrossed or written any "nt!

writ'of covenant for levying fines, any writ of entry for suffer fines,

ing a common recovery, and any exemplification, of what na an additive (ever, that (Mil pass the stal of any court whatsoever, tional js.

there

Anno vicesimo tertio gfioron III C 58. [1783.

there shall be charged an additional lamp duty of five Shillings*every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrofied or written any beneficial warrant or order, under the sign manual of his majesty, his heirs or successors, (except warrants or order for

.............be

306

On every beneficial warrant, under his majesty'e sign manual.

an additional the service of the navy, army, and ordnance) there shall warrants charged an additional lamp duty of five ftiillings: orders for the service of the navy, army, and ordinance.)

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or crir piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrofied or written any frock in any transfer of nock in any company, society, or corporation, within company, C Great Britain, there shall be charged an additional lamp duty in Great of two Shillings and threepence:

sd'ti1**21 or everyk'n or p^cc vchum or parchment, or sheet or

si/td.0 piece paper, upon which shall be ingrofied, written, or prints On eveiy fur4, any copy any surrender of, and admittance to, any render of, or custom right or tenant right estate, not being copyhold, which; admittances shall pass by surrender and admittance, or by admittance only m*ffht an all not Pa^(except such cu(lorn right or

efls^not tenant right estates as shall not exceed the clear yearly value of copyhold, twenty Shillings) within those parts of Great Britain called Eng which had land, Wales and the town or Berwick upon Tweed there (had dce/h?en - cbars^4 an additional damp duty of two Shillings and six

land or Wales, pence:

an additional as. 6d. (except under the yearly value of tos.) mdw?/or or every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or admittance piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrofied, written, or print to, any copy ed, any surrender of, or admittance to, any copyhold land or hokl estate, tenement, (except such copyhold lands or tenements as shall notofthe Mt excecc^ the clear yearly value of twenty Shillings)) yearly value those parts of Great Britain, called England Wales and the town of»os. of Berwick upon Tweed, or any grant or lease by copy of court in England or re]j, & any other copy of the court roll of any honour or manor additionalhhin the said parts of Great Britain, (other than and except ss. 6d. the original surrender to the use of a will, and the court roll or (except the books wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or uv original fur enrolied, ) there shall be charged an additional lamp duty of ss.tst twolhillin6sandfapei.ee:

and the court rdls or books.

On every bill, jror cvcry fk; n & piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet, or cariort or^l p*ece f paper upon which shall be ingrofied or written, any other plead' bill, atifwer, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, interrogatories, depositions taken bycommission, or any other pleadings whatsoever, in the courts of chancery, exchequer, duchy court, an; county palatine courts, or other courts of equity, there shall charged an additional ftajnp duty, of fi*pence :

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet Of On every ad piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrofied pr written anj nfiflipn into admission into any corporation or company, of any matricuuti* tionon in either of the two universities, there shall be ch^getl9 additional as. a44itional lamp duty of two Shillings: :

by Cj

For

ings, in the courts of chancery exchequer, can additional 6d.

783.] Anno vicesimotertio georgii III C 58. 307

For every ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or On every ori iece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or Written, any rixicipal or original instrument of surrender or resignation, fer ice or cognition of heirs, charter or feifineof any houses, lands, n^ion, char enemems, or hereditaments, holding burgage, or of burgage ter or feifine inure, in Scotland, there shall be charged an additional lamp of houses, luty of one frilling: if

For every (kin or pipce of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Scotland, an iece of piper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any additional i. principal or original feifine, taken or following upon any tnort For every ori; age, wadset, heretable bond, alienation, or ditposition, or upon e1?*1 feifine ny charter, precept of Clare Conjlat, retours, apprizirtgs, or ad mortg^&c. udications of lands or tenements holding of any subject as in Scotland, an iforesaid, in Scotland, there shall be charged an additional lamp additional it. huy of one shilling :

For, every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or For every ori ncc of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any ^inal retour of irincipal or original retour of any service of heirs, or any preceptn>' fe"icc.

f Clare Conjlat of lands or tenements bolding of any subject as s^s'and an iforesaid, in Scotland, there shall be .charged an additional tamp additional in luty of one (hillipg :

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or fqr every piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any charter or re rharter or resignation, confirmation. Novo Damus, or charter ipon apprizing, or adjudication made or granted by such fupe additional rior or others as aforesaid, in Scotland, there shall be charged an idditional lamp duty of one shilling:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or r cvervori piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Sent of fur principal or original instrument of surrender or resignation ofrenderof iny messuages, houses, lands, tenements, hereditaments, tithes, lands, tene mills, fiftiings, and other heretable rights, or any of them, to be ment8> Sec. t? made to any of his majesty's subjects, who are or shall be the jhereojt^0 Superiors thereof; or to any city, town, burgh, or corporation*Scotland

r to 3/iy mpgiftrates or others who have power to receive such additionally urrenders or resignations, in Scotland, there shall be charged an

idditional lamp duty of one shilling: For every (kia

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or ta, ning piece of paper, upon which any agreement shall be ingrossed, uty of written, or printed, whether the same shall be only the evidence 6». yf the contrail, or obligatory upon the parties from its being a For every in written instrument, there shall be charged a stamp duty of six ventory of billings; fmrmture, C

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of ^en*^ar' paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written, any inventory agreement, as catalogue of any furniture, goods, or effeils, made with rec. a duty of

Ference to any agreement, or For the security of any persons 6 d

[except inventories prpduceable in the ecclesiastical courts, and torkvineccle ilfo except inventories of goods and chattels diilrained for rent fustical courts In arrear, ) there shall b charged a lamp duty of two Shillings and of goods m.d.. sixpencflt: distrained for

Forrcnt#)

o

For every award, 5*.

This act not

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III c.58. [1783^

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece 0 paper, upon which shall be ingracted, written, or printed, any award, there shall be charged a lamp duty of five Shillings. 1 oz II Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing! to affect lega n this act contained shall extend to charge with the additional cies tec. Rest duties by this act imposed, any legacy left by any will, or*other the wife, testamentary instrument, or any share or part of a personal estate annddbil^ to divided by force ^atute of distributions, or the

orcn, of the custom of any province or place, which shall be left to the tcftator. wise, children, or grandchildren, of the person making such wilt'or testamentary instrument, or shall be divided amongst them!

force of the statute of distributions, or the custom of any provin , or place.

wot^xund, to ! Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority hbds for in aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or furances to be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any label, ship, or the memorandum, containing the heads of insurances to be made bt change, or corporations of the Royal Exchange assurance, or Linden df* London Af fyrance, or the corporations of the Royal Exchange assurance of boufit fisrances from and goods from fire and London assurance of houses and goods fren fire) "- -

nor to agreements for kafes at rack rent of any flttflijag* onder $1, per ann. or for

manufactq rers, or menial servants, or relating to sale of goods, or where the value of the matter shall

fire or any of them to the payment of the damp duties charged by this act upon contrasts or agreements.

IV Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the duty of six Shillings, by this act imposed on agreements, any memorandum or agreement for any lease at rack hireof labour rent any meflfuage under the yearly value of five pounds; or

er*f artificers, to charge any memorandum or agreement for the hire of any labourer, artificer, manufacturcr, or menial servant; or to charge any memorandum, letter, or agreement, made for or relating 'to the sale of any goods, wares, or merchandizes j or to charge any memorandum or agreement where the matter of metnoranaum or agreement shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds; or to charge any memorandum or agreement made m

_________ that part of Great Britain called Scotland, that shall be stamped

sot exceed sol. yrtth the duty required on deeds in that part of Great Britain or agreements called Scotland.

thahhaube'Providec* also, That no memorandum or agreement not stamped as stamped shall be deemed to be void, in case the same shall be required damped at the head office, or the said duty shall be paid there

there. on and a receipt given thereon for the same by the proper officer

at days allow receiving such duty, within twenty-one days after the same shall ed for pay have ^cn cntcrccj jnt0

m n ° uy yj And further enacted. That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and paying, all the said addi duties grant tional and new duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management, of the coaimif* (loners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, at the major part of them, ars hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose1 and

on agree menes

Duties gri ed by this act*to be under the management of commissioners (or (lamps.

1783.) Atmo vicesimo tertlogeorgii III C 58. 309

to use and provide such (lamps to denote the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things Becefiary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the said several duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the majov part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchjnent, and paper.

VII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That, to One new prevent the multiplication of damp upon such pieces of vellum stamp may be or parchment, or sheets or pieces ot paper, on which several prot'de'lto duties are by the several acts of parliament imposed, it shall and ^ovdutiea may be lawful for the said commissioners', indead of the distinct on eacfeskin, damps directed to be provided to denote the several duties on

the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged therewith, to cause*they shall see occasion, one new damp to be provided to denote the said several duties, and the additional duty granted by this act, on every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, charged with the said several duties.

VIII And be it further enacted, That all vellum, parchment, vellatmparcfe and paper, liable to the duties hereby charged, shall, before the J"*"1' C "shall be ingrossed, printed, or written upon, be brought to befor^prlottd the head office for (tamping or marking vellum, parchment, or or wrote on, paper; and the said commissioners, by themselves, or by C

their officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon demand to them made by any person or persons from time to time, (lamp or mark, as this act directs, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, which shall be brought to them for that purpose; the person so bringing the same paying, to the receiver-general of the lamp duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this act. tff.

IX And be it further enabled. That the same allowance shall, n^tf* be made on present payment of the several duties granted by made on this act, and in such manner, as by any former law relating prompt pay to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, is directed and mei>t* allowed.

X And be it further enacted, - That such (lamps as the said anp" ?r. commissioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide

and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such manner

as any other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all persons who dull have in their custody or poflelfion any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the damp of mark which shall be foaltered or renewed, or on which, being already damped with a damp denoting any former duty, a new damp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cases directed.

XI And be it further enabled. That if.any person (fall ooun Person counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any terfeking

fal «

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii 111. C 58. £1783

knowingly fed, stamp, or mark directed or amovred to be used by this, <* vending any ^oy other at of parliament, for the purpose of denoting the

310

such counter duties by this or any other act of parliament granted, or shall 1' er counterfeit or. referable the impression of the same; or shall ufcj

death as fe Ions.

Duties granted by this act to be levied, See. as those under

ter, vend, fell, or expose to sale, any vellum, parchment, at paper, liable to the said lamp duties, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counters feited; or (halt privately or fraudulently use any seal, (lamp, or nark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other aftd parliament relating to the damp duties, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convrsted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall (offer death as in cases o( felony, without benefit of clergy.

XII And be it further enacted That all powers, provisions, articles, 'dauses, didribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, preferred .or appointed by any fbrj mer act or acts of parliament relating to the damp duties on

former damp vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be of full force and effect

afts#

Certain clauses in turnpike and navigation acts. See. patted before December 5, 178a, repealed.

with relation to the several duties hereby imposed; and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional and new duties hereby impoftd, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had feversdly and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the mid additional and new duties hereby imposed,

, And be it further enactedy That all such parts of any ft or acts of parliament relative to any turnpike, highway, parings road, bridge, enclosure, navigation, or canal, or any other matter or thing, passed before the fifth day of j>ecembtr> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, as exempt any mort gauge, alignment, transfer, or other security for borrowing money, or any nomination, contrail, bond, warrant, judgement, or other writing whatsoever liable to damped duties, from being damped, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed

XIV Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the the said repeal said repeal shall hot extend to an transfer of any publick or undn0t X government docks or funds; or to any indruments, documents, cn # or other writings whatsoever., concerning the publick revenue,

or publick funds; or to any other writing expressly exempted from the damp duties by any act of parliament granting any such duty or duties, unleis where such exemption has been repealed.

Duties to be XV And be it further enacted. That the several duties here paid to re in before granted shall be paid from time to time, into the oflftamscncral hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted') into the receipt of the exchequer,

for

To what cases

*7^3-] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 58. 311

for the uses and purposes in this act mentiefeed, at such time, sind in such manner, as any foniner duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid.

XVI And be it further enacted, That there shallfee provided A Separate and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of aj^ouij.t. exchequer, a book of books, in which M the moneys arifingf {^tbythe from the said several duties, and paid into the said receipt as auditor of aforesaid, shall be entered, Separate and apart from ah other the exche moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and succes quv. fers, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid How to be to the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together applied writh such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted

by any act or acts of this session of parliament for this purposey be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all feoh other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament,

(entitled, An act for raising 0 certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for ejlablijhmg a lottery.)

XVII And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if at any time or times it shall happen, that the produce so case the of the several duties granted by this act, together with the feve duties grant yal other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in this session of th" parliament, for the payment of the Several annuities of three Of t£?annui pounds per centum, and of four pounds par centum, and of thirties granted teen Shillings and fourpence per centum, in respect of twelve bjrthe l°tttorp millions, borrowed in pursuance of an act of this profenr session of parliament, (intituled, An act for raising a certain sum of money j?icnt so" that by way of anmituiy tjnd for efiublijbing a lottery, } shall not he fuf purport ficient to pay and discharge the several annuities of three pounds per centum and of four pounds per centum, and also the said annuity of thirteen Shillings and fourpence per centum, to continue for Seventy seven years, from the fifth day of Januaty9 one thousand Seven hundred and eighty thifce, and then to'eease, together with the other charges and expenses attending the Said respective annuities, to be Satisfied and paid out of the same, at the end of any or either of the half yearly days of payment, at wlych the same are directed by the said act to be paid; then, the deficiency and so oft^n, and in every such case, such deficiency or defici sup encies shall and may be Supplied out of any of the moneys {ve .which, at any time or times, shall be or remain in the receipt fundi < of the exchequer, of the surplusles, excesses, overplus moneys, land other revenues, composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such moneys of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses, by any former act [or acts of parliament in that behalf, ) and such moneys of the Maid sinking fund shall and may be, from time to time, issued [and applied accordingly: and if at anytime or times, before! lany moneys of the said fund, to be established as aforesaid, shall re brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen no be a want of money for paying the several annuities as afore lpid, . which shall be actually incurred, and grown due, at any

*

jit Ahno vicesimo tcrfld Georgii III. c.59. [178$.

of the half yearly days of payment before mentioned; that then, and in every such case the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out. of the moneys of the sinking fund, (except as before excepted, ) and be issued accordingly.

To be replac

XVIII Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority ed out of the aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall belflued out of the said next fuppue*. finding shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament.

In case of a

XIX Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority

furplua of aforesaid. That in Case there shall be any surplus or remainder femefe^l be mon'cs arising by the said fund, after the said feueral and

teferved for respective annuities, and all arrears thereof, are satisfied, or the difpofitkm money sufficient shall be reserved for that putpose, such surplus 'of parliament, or remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for the disposition of parliament, and shall not be issued but by the authority of parliament, and as shall be directed by future act or acts of parliament; anything in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons feed XX And be it further enacted. That if any period or per for executing fons shall at any time or times be sued, tnolested, or prosecuted, t&for* for anything by him or them done or executed in putfuance of general this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence and shall be and if upon the trial a verdict 'shall pass for the defendant or Mtided to defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, treble costs, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble coils awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Recital of a bill now depending in the house of common.

CAP. LIX

An act to provide that the proceedings on the Pill, now depending in

parliament, for inflicting certain pains and penalties on sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter esquire, for certain

breaches of public trust, and high crimes and misdemeanours, committed by them whilst they respectively held the offices of governor and president, cbunfellors, and members of the select committee of the settlement of Fort Saint George, on the coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, bad riot be discontinued by any prorogation or dij/ohetion parliament.

WHEREAS a bill is depending in the of, intituled, A bill for inflicting certain pains and penalties on sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring, esquire, for certain breaches of public trust, and high crimes and misdemeanours, committed by them whilst they respectively held the offices of governor and president, counsellors and members of the fejeft committee of the settlement of Fort Saint George, on the coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies: and whereas, on account of the present late period of the session, and of the great body of evidences adduced in support of, and against the truth of the allega

a tioos

1783*] Anno vfcfefinao tjbitio georou III C 66. t f

tmis in the bill, it is probable the parliament may be prbro&uei before, the said till, 'under the above crrcumfancesy can be properly tenfiderei: and whereas it is highly expedient for the public service, that the said bill should be proceeded on as early as pojfibu in the next session of parliament \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king's mdft excellent majesty*and. with the advice and confenc of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons. In this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same; That the The proceed proceedings on the said bill now depending in the house of com i"g* on the mons, intituled, A bill for infixing certain pains and penalties on rcc, ltd, !iir sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring, esquire, for continued by certain breaches of public trufl, and high crimes and misdemeanours, prorogation committed by them whiljl they respeliively held the offices of governor or diflblutiorl and president, ceunfeuorss and members of the feleu committee of the settlement of Fort Saint George, on the coajl Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinu^d by any prorogation or diftolution of parliament; but the said bill maybe proceeded on in the next session of parliament in such and the same manner as could or might have been in case the present session of parliament had been continued, and no prorogation or diffolu tkm of parliament bad happened or taken place.

CAP. LX

An act for further continuing so much of an a8, passed in the twenty fecund year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An al for restraining sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring, esquire, from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering their estates and effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same, as relates to refrain mg the said sir Thomas Rumoold, baronet, and Peter Perring, esquire, from alienating or otherwise difpqfing of their respective real estates*

WHEREAS an all was passed in this session of parliament,

for continuing an act, paifed in the twenty second year Recital ofc, j. of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An && fr refrain of the present ing sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet and Peter Perring; esquire, on from going out of this kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering their efates and effiehs, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same: and whereas, by virtue of the said recited all, the jjffid ably passed in the t wenty second1 year of the reign of his present Mqjefiy, is to have continuance, and be in force, until the end of the present session of parliament, and no longer: and whereas a bill far infilling certain pains and penalties on the said sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Perring* esquire, for certain breaches Of public trufl, and high crimes find misdemeanours, committed by them vuhilfl they respehively held the offices of governor and president, mnfellors and members of the felell committee of the settlement of,

Vw. XXXII Y Forr

m Anno vicefioyj tertio Gkorgu ill. C €u [1785,

Fort Saint George, ontbt coast of Coromandel, in tbt East Indies, is Jlill departing impar and it is therefore expedient that the f aidafl, made in the year of reign of his present Majesty, whisk, by virtue of tbo find will

tonne tinuance, and be in sores, only until tbo end of tbo present of parliament\should be in part further eontimod, in order, and to the intent, that the real estates of them, the said sir Thomas rum bold, baronet, and Peter Pemng, rfiaybe fetured so as to

an finer and be liable to jnjlitein parliament: may it therefore pleaie

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con seat of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. Part of That, so much of the abovementioned aft, made in the twen ge:' fi ty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

until Feb. s for retraining sir Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Per, g'' ring, tfquirt, from going out of ibis kingdom, for a limited time;

and for discovering their efiattsand effects, and preventing the

porting or alienating the same, as relates to remaining the said nr Thomas Rumbold, baronet, and Peter Peering, esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real estates, shall, and is hereby declared to have continuance, and be in force, from the expiration of the term limited by the said recited act, passed in this fe(hon of parliament, until the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

II And be it further enacted by the authority afote&k), fublsckaft. 'That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publish aft;

and be judicially taken notice of at fisch, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the Tame.

CAP. LXI

An act for vesting in Henry earl of Pembroke, hit heirs ami assigns, for ever, the see maple and inheritance of the hundred of Kynnwdfton, and certain lands and hereditaments in the parishes of Great Bedwyn end Burbage, in the county of w^tt; and for settling other lands sad hereditaments in lieu thereof to the same ides.

Recital of letters patent of $ Edw. 6. dated May 7. whereby the hundred of Kynwtrdfton, with lands. See. in the parilnes of Great Bedwyn and Burbage, in the county of Wilts, were granted to William first earl el Pembroke, in tail male, to be held of the crown, in. chies, by knights' service. The before mentioned hundred, lands, foe. litinted in Grot Bedwyn and Bnrbage, veiled in the earl of Pembroke, his heirs, kc. m see, discharged from ell claim of the crown In refoeft thereof. 'Other manors, dec. vested in the heirs mats of wirfem the first eari of Pembroke, with the ultimate remainder thereof to his Majesty, Gsocrsl laving.

C At

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio gfiorgii III C 62.'

VS

CAP. LXII

jin ah for granting to his Majesty a fiamp suiy on Usances to it' taken out by certain persons uttering or vending medicines; and certain lamp duties on all medicines sold under pub licences or tender tie authority of his Majeslfs Utters patent.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament act^mbled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have voluntarily refolded to give and grant unto your Majesty the rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there shall be charged, levied, and paid unto and for the use of his majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties following j that is to say, all persons (except such as have served a regular apprenticeftiip to any surgeon, apothecary, druggist, or chemist, or such as shall have kept a (hop for the space of three years before the passing of this act, for the vending of drugs or medicines only, (not being drugs or medicines sold by virtue of his majesty's letters patent) uttering or vending medicines in Great Britain, shall annually take out a licence for that purpose, in manner hereinafter prescribed:

And where the persons, so uttering or vending drugs or medicines, shall reside within the cities of London and iveflminfttr, or within the distance of the penny post, on every such licence there shall be charged a stamp duty of twenty Shillings:

And where the persons uttering or vending drugs or medicines (hah reside in any other part of Great Britain, there shall be charged on every such licence a stamp duty of five Shillings:

Upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other enclosure, of any medicineinder the price or value of two Shillings and ibcpence, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold, by any per foij or persons taking out such licences, or by any person or persons under the authority of his majesty's letters patent, there shall be charged a stamp duty of threepence:

Upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other enclosure, of any medicine of the price or value of two Shillings and sixpence, and under the price or value of five Shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold, by any person or persons taking out

Y a such

Preamble

From Sept, f, 179), certain persons felting medicines are to take out a licence annually for that purpose

If refidinglfl London, or within the distance of the penny post, to pay aos.

In any other

Sart of Great ritain, 5 s.

Persons selling medicinrs under such licences, See. to pav, for every box,

C under ts 6d. m stamp duty of jd.

For every box, bottle, See. of the value of as. 6d. and under 5s a duty of 6d.

3*6

For every box, bottle, cof the value of 5 a. a duty of 11.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 62. [1783*

such licences, or by any person or persons under the authority of his majesty's letters patent, there shall be charged a lamp duty of (ixpence:

Upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other enclosure, of any medicine of the price at value of five Shillings and upwards, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold, by persons taking out such licences, or by any persons under the authority of his majesty's letters patent, there shall be charged a lamp duty of one shilling.

the navy or array

Duties to be under the management of com missioner of stamp duties.

Not to extend II And be it further enabled, That nothing herein contain of ed shall extend to any person or persons vending any drugs or. mc(jicincs, who shall have served as a surgeon in the navy or

army, under any commission or appointment, where the same shall have been duly entered at the war office or navy office.

III And be it further enalied, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collelling all the said duties hereinbefore granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management, of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part ot them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such (lamps to denote the said several duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this all in execution, with relation to the said rates and duties herein before granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

IV And be it further enabled, That, from and after the first

From Sept, i, 1783, unqualified persons selling medicine without

day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no person whatsoever, required by this act to be licensed, shall, unless he or she be licensed in manner herein after prescribed.

Any two of

the commissioners of

a licence, shall utter, vend; or sell, any medicine in Great Britain, upon pain forfeit 51. to forfeit, for every offence, the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

V And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of this all, any two or more of his majesty's commissioners ltam s appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps on vellum, gramme licences, parchment, or paper, or some person duly authorised by them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall apply for the same, to sell medicines in any city, town, or other place, within Great Britain, for the space of one year, to commence from the said first day of September, one thousand feveh hundred and eighty-three, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day, and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to commence from the day of the date of every such licence \ and all and every person and persons,

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III ca 317'

Tonnes, who shall take out such licence for selling medicine, shall Licences to be take out a fresh licence for another year, ten days at the least 'r0

before the expiration of that year for which he or she shall be they expire, so licensed, if he or she shall continue to sell medicines; and shall in like manner renew such licence, from year to year, paying down the respective funas due for the (lamps on such licences, as long as be or (he shall continue to sell medicines.

VI And, in order to secure the duty hereby imposed, be it further enacted. That every person making, uttering, or vending such Venders of medicines, shall send to the comroifiioners of (lamps, or to medicines to their officers appointed by them for that purpose, paper covers, [aseig^oyhe0* wrappers, or labels, made for inclofirrg such medicines, with 0fgce to be his, her, or their name or names, and any other particular flamped j word or thing printed thereon, to denote the value at which

the same is intended to be sold, in such manner and form as

the said commissioners shall direct, in order that the same may

be damped with the several and respective duties hereby directed

to be imposed, and delivered again, from time to time, to such

maker or vender, as occasion shall require*and every box, and to cover

packet, bottle, or phial, or any other indofure of medicine, Jhei' boxes,

uttered, vended, or sold, by any person or persons taking out j^c^oiif

the licence required by this act, or that shall be uttered, vend fibres shall

ed, or ibid, by or for any person or persons under the authority direct.

of any letters patent, shall be covered, wrapped up, or enclosed

with such mark or device, and in such manner as the coramif

fioners of his majesty's lamp duties shall from time to time

direct.

VII And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Penalty on fons shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to sale, any box, packet,

bottle, or phial, or any other enclosure of medicine, subject to

the lamp duties hereby imposed, unless the cover, wrapper, or dicinet #icn

ltbel hereby directed to enclose, or to be affixed to the same, out a proper

shall be marked, sealed, and stamped, as by this act is directed, over,

or shall be enclosed in any cover or wrapper, or shall have any

label affixed thereto, marked or stamped with a damp or mark

of less denomination or value than by this act is directed, all

and every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and

pay, for every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other enclosure

of such medicine so uttered, sold, or expofod to sale, the sum

of five pounds, to be recovered .and applied as herein after is

directed.

VIII And, to prevent the seal, mark, r damp, hereby directed to be used, which hat enclosed any medicine, from being made use of again for inclofng other medicines, the box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other enclosure whereof is hereby dire fled to be stamped; be it coaded. That if any person or persons shall fraudulently cut. Penalty on tear, or take off, any mark, seal, or (lamp, in respect whereof, making use of or whereby any duties are hereby payable on any box, packet, y^rco bottle, or phial, or other enclosure of any medicine; or shall once, fraudulently inclof? any box packet, bottle, or phial of medic. 10i.9cioc, in any paper so foaled and stamped as aforesaid, the same

Y 3 having

318 Anno viccfirpo tertio Georgii III cz. [1783,

having been once made use of for the purpose aforesaid; or if any person or persons shall hereafter sell utter, or expose to sale, any box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other mclofcre of medicine liable to any of the duties hereby pharged, the same not being at the time of such selling, uttering, or exposing to sale, enclosed in same cover wrapper, or label, adqally stamped as by this act is directed; then so osten, and ip every such case, all and every person and persons so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall forfeit the (up of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

IX Andy to prevent persont so licensed as aforesaid from filling and buying any coverj, wrapperr, and labehy which have befire bee made use offor denoting any of the duties by tins a impofidy and fur Psny person preventing such frauds, be it ena6led. That if any person shall, who shall buy from anj after the passing of this act, sell or buy any such co vm to^beufed ver wrapp€|y or label, in order to be again made use of for tbp for tnclofing ittdofing any box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other indofure of medicines medicine, liable to the duty hereby imposed, every such per

more than ft>n so offending shall, for every fuich offence, forfeit the fom

forfeit 101 ten pounds, tq b recovered find applied as hereinafter is directed.

Either buyer X Provided always, and be it exuded, Thaf if either tbp or seller may buyer or seller of any such cover, wrapper, or label, hallin tbe°other andorlnngsinft the other party concerned in buying or selling such be himself in cover, wrapper, or label, the party so offending shall be ad demnified. mined to give evidence against the party informed against, and shall be indemnified from the penalties by him of fter incurred.

perthfit conn XI And be it further enacted That if any person shall forfeiting counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged,

mark*to^seal, damp, or mark, directed pr allowed o be used by

foflfw death this act, or shall counterfeit or resemble the jmpression of the

as felons. same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fuc

1 ccflbrs of any of the said duties; or shall privately or fraudulently

use any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or allqwed to be used by this*ad, with intent to defraud h{s Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said dpties; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall fuffpr death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Penalties bow XII And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penalrief to be divided, hereby imposed hall be divided and distributed in manner Allowing; that is to say, one moiety thereof shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to such person and persons as shall inform and sue for the same, in any of his majesty's courts at jvestminstery for offences committed in Englaniy Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his majesty's court of session, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotlandy for offences committed there, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information,

wherein

b

1783.] Anno vicesimo ratio georgii III c.63. 319

'wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII And be it further enacted, That the several rates and Darin to be duties herein before granted dull be paid from time to time paid to the into the hands of the receiver-general for the time bing of the

duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall jlmp dotics, keep a feparare and distinct account of the several rates and du and by him ties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, paid into the and accounting for the same, bring deducted) into the receipt tt h*'luer* of the exchequer, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned, at such time and in such manner as any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

XIV And be it further enacted, That there shall be. pro Auditor t vided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of keep a ftp exchequer, a book or books, in which all the moneys arising

from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered disparate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever j and the said money, Application so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, of the duties, together with such other rates and duties as shall be granted by any ad or acu of this session of parliament for this porpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all fbch other charges and expenees as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this ptefent session of parliament, intituled, An all sir rai/tug a certain famif montj way ef annuities,

and for eftabbjhiag a htttry.

XV And be it further enacted. That if any person or per Persons (bed font shall at any time be sued, aaolested, or prosecuted, for any for executing thine by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this a,

or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such pef iffoe,

(on and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give

the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if and flsau be

upon the trial a verdidi shall pass for the defendant or defendants,

or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfoited, then tre "e<gft** '

such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to

him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. lxiii.

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon Jlagt coaches, and other carriage: therein mentioned.

1

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament affetnbied, being desirous to raise the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenees, do humbly present your Majesty with the free gift of the further rate herein after mentioned; and do

Y 4 beseech

if

Ana vicesimo tprtio Georgii III C 63. £1783.

ttefepch your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of. From Aug. t? the same, That, from and after the first day of August, one783, the thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there (halt be raised, ^vicd» .collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great to be paid to Britain, untq and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and his Majesty; lucceflbr*, the additional rate and duty following; that is VIZ tq say, )..

For every Every four wheeled chaise, or other machine commonly callage coach, ed A Diligenceor post coach, and every coach, berlin, landau, four wheeled chariot, calash with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise with machin?, em four wheels, or other machine,by what name soever the lame ployed in car now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as rying paflen public stage coachqs or carriages, 'for the purpose of conveying one'h^tmnny pagcngers fr hire, to and from one place to another in the for every mile kingdom of Great Britain, shall be charged with an additional such carnage duly of one halfpenny for every mile such carriages shall travel, fliflj trave. to^paid^the owners thereof. V

To be under the manage inent of corn missioner for damps.

II And be it further ensued. That, for the better and more

effectual levying and collecting the said additional duty hereinbefore granted, the fafcne (halhbe under the government, care, and management of the coromissioners, for the time being, appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, am hereby required to do all filings necessary to be done for putting this act into execution, in as ample a manner as they are authorised to put into execution any law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper..;' '

III And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, d % .butio.tof articles, clauses, distribution of penalties and forfeitures, and forfeitures, n other matters and things prescribed or appointed by an act &c.'appointed made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prfefent Majesty, by to Geo. 3. intituled, 4* for repealing an act, made in the nineteenth year of

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons letting horses to hire, for travelling in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties oh all 'horses let to hire for the pqrpqfes of travelling post, and by time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned; and for grafting offer duties in lieu thereof j shall be of full force and efsect, with relation to the raies and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional rate and duty hereby imposed, according tf> the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively beeti hereby enacted with relation to the (kid additional rate and duty heteby imposed,

IV Ant]

AH pbwers.

p. 51. (halt be in force vtitb relation to flusaft.

i

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 64. 321

IV And be it further enacted, That the said additional rate Th duty to and duty herein before granted, shall be paid, from time to* to the time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who stamp duties, shall keep a separate and distinct account of the said additional and by him duty, and pay thi same (the necessary charges of raising, pay pd into the ing, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the re CXC c^ucff Zreipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid and in the office of the auditor Auditor to of the said receipt, there shall be provided and kept a book or enter the books, in which all the moneys arising from the said duty, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate mo oth€r and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the Application said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as afore thereof, said, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

CAP. LXIV

An act for taking away fi-om the commissioners of excise, in England and Scotland, the power of compounding with persons making malt not to sell, but to be consumed in their own private families.

Wr H E R E A S By the several statutes now in force for impojing Preamble.

duties upon all malt made in Great Britain, the commissioners of excise, or other persons by them respectively appointed for that purpose, are authorised to compound and agree with such persons as Shall make malt not to sell or make profit thereof \ but to be consumed in their own private families only, at a certain rate or payment for every hiaiy' which, at any time or times, during the continuance of stub compofitionf Shall be of the family of such persons respectively, as in and by the said statutes is particularly directed and required: and Whereas great frauds have been, and are now frequently praflifed by means of such compoftiom, and great quantities of malt have been privately sold and dijpefed of by stub compounders, to the manifejl injury of the revenuel and of the fair trader \ for remedy thereof, be it enabled by the King's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the first day of Augufly From Aug. 1, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, all the powers783. all com and authority to the commissioners of excise, or other persons, pojjdons, for by all or any of the said acts, given to compound and agree 1

with any person or persons for the duties on malt by any such families, shall {lerfons made or td be made, shall cease and determine; any cease. thing in any of th said statutes, or in either of them, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding'

'And

b^

322

Aan viceficno tertio Crorou ltlf C 64. [178^.

II And it is hereby further eni&ed by the authority afore compound said, That all and every person and persons, who hath or haversv on or be already made compogtion or agreement for the duties of the lore Aug. «> them rcfp^ively made, or to be made, in pursuance

entnmotan af °* any or them, Hull, on or beifore the teoth

malt they day of Jugujl> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, were po&ffed make true and particular entries of all such malt as they, or any f on Aug i, of them, or any other person or persons in trust for them, or of 50 L and all any them wcrc possessed of on the first day of August, one fuen unenter thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or had in his or their CD malt. custody or possession, at the office of excise within the limits of which they shall respectively inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and also all the malt of which no such entry shall be made; and within six days after he, she or they, shall have made, or ought to have made, such entry as aforesaid, shall pay down for the said malt, the several duties chargeable upon malt, or, in default thereof, shall forfeit and lose double the value of the said malt; and that the houses, out Honset, C houses, and other places belonging to such compounders, from of compound and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hun a*' after hi rec an eighty-three, shall, and are hereby nude liable to the ^u(urvey of furvct f the officers for the duties on malt, in the same man proper offi ner, and under the same rules, and under the same fines and cprt. penalties for refusal, as persons making malt for fate are liable.

ISLAND whereas it may have happened, that in pursuance of the powers by the said before recited statutes given, the officers appointed by the commissioners of excise for that purpoje may since the twenty-third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty threfy have made or renewed compositions for the duties on moult with persons applying to make or renew such compositions, and the money payable for the same may have been received by such officers: now, to prevent all confusion, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such compogtions as shall have been so made, renewed, or agreed to be made, Gnce the said twenty-third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be, and are hereby declared null and void \ and all such sums of money as shall have been received by the said officers from the persons so making or renewing their compogtions as aforesaid, shall, and the same arc hereby directed and required to be returned to the person and persons respectively who shall have paid the same; anything in the said former acts to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penaltes, and forfeitures, in relation to the said duties upon the malt stock in hand, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by acton of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westmnjler, or in the court of exchequer in 'Scotland respectively 2 and that one moiety of every such fine

penalty

Compcfi'oat made or renewed Gnce June 13. IT, to be void.

Penalties and forfntuics to be levied ind recovered, See. jm the same m inner as rtiote under former laws of excise.

17*3-] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii 111. C 6g, 66* 313

penalty, and forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall di cover, inform, or sue for the same.

CAP. LXV

An act for repealing an act, made in the fifth year of the rcien of bit

resent Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing the act made in the act session of parliament, intituled,An act for vetting the sort of 41 Senegal, and itt dependencies in the company of merchants trading "to Africa; " and to vest at well thd said fort and itt dependencies, as all other the British forts and fctlements upon the coast of Africa, lying between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the property, estate, and effects of the company of merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said forte, settlements, and their dependencies, in his Majesty: and for securing, attending, and improving the trade to,

Africa; and for vesting James Fort, in the river Gambia, and its dependencies, and all other the British forts and fettlemeats between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the company of merchants trading to Africa; and for securing and regulating the trade to Africa.

CAP. LXVI

Jbt aofir grouting it bit majestyjeveral and duties nptn -

gtns, wains, torts, and other Jutb carriages, net charged with oaf

duty under the management of the ttmmijjmtrs of txcise.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your mmefty's most dutiful and loyal Aibjedto, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new rates and duties herein after mentioned and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; add be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, Prom Nov. >, from and after the first day of November, one thousand (even 17*, the fol hundred and eighty-three, there shall be raised, levied, cojletft ed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto hi, Majesty and for the use of his Majesty, his neirs and successors, the feve V

rates and duties fallowing; (that is to lay, }

That every person who shall keep any wagon, wain, cart. For every pr other such carriage, with three or four wheels, (except such wagon, wain, ferriages as are now charged with any duty under the manage &e*', it 5 f ment of the commissioners of excise)) yield and pay an alread^r '°0 pually the sum of four Shillings for every such wagon, wain, charged with part, or other such carriage as aforesaid, which shall be expressed a duty) 4*. in a licence for that purpose: Per*"*

And that every person who shall keep any cart or other car por carty, fiage, with two wheels, (except such carriages as are now and other

charged two wheeled

g24'Anno vicesimo t«rtio ge&rgii III C [178$.

carriage, charged with any duty under the management of the conunif (**cept tb0'* Sorters of excise)) yield and pay annually the sum of two charged) Shillings for every such cart or other carriage, which shall be aper ann. expressed in a licence for that purpose.

No pci Tonne to

pay for more II Provided nevertheless, and be it former enacted. That

than one such person fl^n be obliged to pay the said yearly sum of four

3w«f in" ft more than one such carriage employed in agricul

agncuhore turc only, nor for more than three such carriages employed for

only, nor any other purpose, on which the said duty of four Shillings is

more than hereby charged, where finch wagons, wains, or other such car

other pur* nages, are or for him or her, for his or her own ufc

pose except only, and <l>all not be used for the carriage of any goods, wares,

carriages em or merct)andise, for hire, or be let out for hire.

ployed for III Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing

jvre* in this act contained shall extend, or be con.lrucd to extend,

tocarts^or to charge with the duty hereby imposed, any cart or other car

otbee two riage with two wheels, employed in agriowture only, and not

wheeled car employed in parks or pleasure ground, or used for the carriage

riages, em Df any goods, wares, or merchandise, for hire, or let out for ployedinagn Mre/ °

nott* 0t[y d always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein

to one horse10 contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to carts pfit cans. with two wheels drawn by one horse only, and employed only for the carriage of peats or turf for fuel, and not let out for hire.

Carriages em V And be it enacted. That in case any wagon, or other ployed in car carriage, shall be prelted for the purpose of conveying any arms, rymg arms, ammunition, or other baggage, under and by virtue of any &^ufbrfo? n for preventing mutiny and desertion, and for the better diers, orma payment of the army and their quarters, or for the regulation rines, not of his majesty's marine forces while on (bore, and the owner cteemed womc hereof shall be paid for such carriage, the same shall not be log for. to he a working for hire within the intent and meaning

of this act.

VI And for the better and more effectual raising, levying y collet ingy and payings the said rates and duties herein before granted, be Patios to be it enacted. That the same shall be under the government, care, under the and management of the commissioners for the time being ap 5a«>mrnif nt p°*ntc<*to roanagc the duties charged on stamped vellum, parch fioners of meat, and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby damp duties, required and empowered to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as shall be necessary, and to provide and use such marks or (lamps as they shall think fit to denote the duty, and to repair, renew, or alter the same, from time to time, as there shall be occasion j and to do all other acts, matters, and things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said rates and duties hereby granted, in the i like and in as soil and ample manner as they, or the major

1783*] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 66

part of them are authorised td put in execution any of. the laws now in being concerning stamped velfonrt, parchment, and paper.

VII And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who, from and after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall have or keep any wagon, wain, cart, or other carriage hereby directed to be licensed, for his, her, or their own life, or the use of any person of or for whom he, (he, or they, is, are, or shall bg committees, trustees, or guardians, if living in London, west minster, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, shall, within thirty days after the said first day of Novembet, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or within twenty days after he .or (he shall begin to keep such wagon, wain, cart, or other carriage, and from time to time within twenty days after beginning to keep any other such carriage or carriages relpeaively^ not being in the place or stead of the former, give notice in writing, at the head office in London for (lamping and marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, of his, her, or their keeping the same, and of the number of the wagons, wains, carts, or other carriages, so by him, her, or them respeaively kept as aforesaid, and of the parish or place where he, (he, or they respectively reside; and shall at the same time pay down the respective annual rates and duties so imposed as aforesaid for keeping the same.

VIII And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who, from and after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall keep any wagon, wain, cart, of other carriage, hereby dircdlcd to be LI cenled, for his or her own use, or for the use of any person of or for whom he, (he, or they shall be committees, trustees, or guardians, in any other part of Great Britain, shall, within sixty days after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or within twenty days after he, (he, 'or they shall begin to keep such wagon, wain, cart, or other carriage, and from time to time within twenty days after beginning to keep any other such carriage or carriages respectively, not being in the place or stead of the former, give notice in writing to the proper officer appointed by the said commissioners for that purpoie, redding next to the place where such person or persons, for whose use the same shall be so kept, shall respectively inhabit, of his, her, or their keeping the same, and of (he number of the wagons, wains, carts, or other carriages, so by him or them respectively kept as aforesaid, and of the pa ri(h or place where he, (he, or they respectively reside; and shall at the same time pay down the respective annual rates and duties so imposed as aforesaid for the keeping the same.

IX And be it further enabled, That all and every person and persons who shall give, or be obliged to give such notice as aforesaid, is and are hereby required, at or within twenty days after the expiration of twelve calendar months after the times

of

32s

Persons living in London, or within the weekly bills, shall give^no tice, at the ft amp office, of the number of wagons, C they keeps

Persons residing in any other part of Great Britain to give like notice to the proper officer in the height bourhood.

Such notice as aforesaid to be given, and payment made annually, on forfti. ture ot $ 1.

3*6

Anno vicesimo tertio gsorotl lit. & 65. [c783.'

of giving or being obliged to give such fitft notice, to give a fresh notice in manner aforesaid, and pay down the relpc£bve annual rates and duties abovementioned, according to the num

Not obliged to go farther than the next market town to make pay meat, C

Upon payment of the duties, a licence Shall be given.

her of wagons, wains, carts, or other carriages, io by him, her, or them respectively then kept, and in the same manner to renew such notice, and make such payment, from year to year, as long as he, (he, or they shall so keep any such carriages j and if any person or persons shall (o keep any such wagon,

wain, cart, or other carriage as aforesaid, without giving uch first or other notice, and making such payments yearly in manner aforesaid, he, (he, or they, (nail respectively forfeit and lose the sum of five pounds for each offence.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such personas aforesaid (nail be compelled to travel, for the making such entry, or the payment of the said duties, or other eause whatsoever, touching or concerning the same, if he or she live in a market town, out of the said town, or if he or she live out of a market town, then to no other place than to the market town neared to his or her habitation.

£1. And be it further enailed, That, upon the payment of the said several rates and duties, so hereby granted, at the said head office of (lamps in London., or to the respective officers in the country, a licence shall be given to every person lb paying such respective rates and duties; which licence shall contain the number of such wagons, wains, carts, or other carriages, so respectively entered, the sum paid for the lame, and the time for which such licence shall be granted.

XII And be it further enacted, That all prosecutions for the recovery of the duties hereby granted, as also for all forfei nrighbonring tores an oflences made and committed against this act, shall justice*heard and determined by any justice of the peace residing near to the place where such forfeiture shall be made, or offenca bat appeal committed; and if the party finds himself aggrieved by th may be made judgement of any such justice, he shall and may appeal to the 1uarter justices of the peace at the next quarter sessions, who are hereby. authorised and empowered to bear and determine the same, and their judgement therein shall be final: and every such justice is hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information exhibited and brought of any for. feiture incurred, or offence committed contrary to this act, tt summon the party accused, and upon his appearance, or refusa or neglect to appear, to proceed to the examination of the matter of; and upon due proof made thereof, either by tbs voluntary consession of the party, or by the oath of one or mors witness or witnesses, to give judgement thereupon, and to awan and issue out warrants under his hand for the levying of fuel forfeiture and penalty upon the goods and chattels of the of. fender, and to eause tale to be made of the said goods and clnt tels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen days, ren dering to the party the overplus, if any.

XIII Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Thi

Profecadons to be determined by

*783*7 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 66. 327

C shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he jojhte may shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen any such forfeiture or pe pek

nalty as he shall think fit; reasonable costs to the officers and n, nek informers being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so that such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred over and above die costs.

XIV Provided always, and it is hereby enac\ed, . That no Offence cog

bill, plaint, or information, shall be brought or sued forth in ?' "We by any of his majesty's courts of record at, for any be'profc

offence against this act, touching or concerning the duties here cuted in the by granted for or upon any wagons, wains, or carts, in cases court at where such offences are cognisable by any justice or justices of Westminster. the peace.

XV Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no writ Writ of or. or writs of certiorari shall supertede execution, or other proceed not to ings, upon any order or orders made in pursuance of this act 5

but execution and other proceedings shall and may be had and <jer t, g made thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

XVI - And it is hereby further enacted. That all forfeitures Diftribotiou and penalties mentioned in this act (ail necessary charges for of fortriams. the recovery thereof being first deduftedj shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to and for the use of his Majesty,

his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to fetch person and persons who shall inform an&iue for the same.

XVII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in Clause rela every case, where the duty or duties required by this act to be tive to pay paid by any person chargeable with the same, shall be paid, and

entry made as aforesaid, before any information laid of such f^g entry ' entry or payment not having been made, although not strictly within the time for that purpose mentioned, no person having made fetch payment and entry shall be prosecuted for not having made fetch payment and entry within the time limited by this act.

XVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if If any person any person, having made dye entry and payment of the duty h»vi"8

for any wagon, wain, cart, or other carnage, required by this{?* 11"

act to be uoenfed, according to the true intent and meaning ed<| of the thereof, shall die before the end of the year for which such en year, the be try and payment shall be made; in every such case it shall be nefitof hi lawful for any person, claiming title to every such wagon, wain, by

cart, or other carriage, by, from, or under such deceased per hi reprtfen son, to make use of fetch wagon, wain, cart, or other carriage, tadve. for or in respect whereof such entry and duty shall have been made and paid as aforesaid, during the residue of the year for which such payment shall have been made, in like manner as fitch deceased person might have done if living.

XIX And be it further enacted, That the several rates and Untie to be duties herein before granted shall be paid, from time to time, .pd so the into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the

duties

3*8

stamp d utles, and by him paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

Person sued in execution of this act, may plead the general issue,

and shall be entitled io treble costs.

Preamble.

From 06v. i. 1783. the following duty to be paid to hit Majesty; viz.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 6j. [1783.

duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the said several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, arid accounting for the same, being firrt deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such maimer, as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid: and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever j and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are di reed to be paid and payable by an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled, AH act for raising a curtain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.)

XX And be it further enacted. That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be died, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this a, or of any clause, matter, or thing therein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXVII

An act for granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on the registry of burials, marriages, births, and cbrijlemngs*

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjetfts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising such supplies as are necessary to defray your majesty's public expenses, do humbly present your Majesty with the grant of the new duty herein after mentioned; and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enadved by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there shall be charged, levied, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the new duty following; (that is to say*

1784.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 67. 329

Upon the entry of any burial, marriage, birth, or christen Upon the citing, in the register ortny parish, precindt, or place in Great u*y?f every Britain, a stamp duty of threepence. riage1 &c<14

II And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more The duty to effectuai levying and collecting the said duty herein before be under ihe granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and 'management management, of the commissioners for the time Ipeing appointed missionertof to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, stamp. and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such

ftatnps, to denote the said duty, as shall be requisite in that behalf; and to do all pther things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said duty herein be fore granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised tp put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III And be it further enacted', That every parson, vicar, or Penalty on curate, or other person having authority to make entries of^o^un burrals, fctarriages, births, or christenings, who shall, from and ter any burial, after the ftrft day of October, one thousand seven hundred and marriage, C eighty three, enter any burial, marriage, birth, or christening, on unftamped in the register For any parish, precihist, or place, in Great Bri paper

tain, before the pardhmenr, velltfm, or paper, on which the entry of such register shall be made, shall have been duly stamped, as by this at is directed, every such parson, vicar, curate, or other person, (hah, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds.

IV And be it further enacted, That every parson, vicar, Parsons, kc.

curate, or other person having authority to make the entry or empowered to any burial, marriage, birth, or christening, is hereby vested un

Vritb full power and authority, previous to the making thereof dc, taker, or" in the register of any parish, precinct, of place in Great Britain, persons mar to demand and receive from the undertaker, or other person em ned, C ployed in and about the funeral of any person foto be buried,

or from the parties married, or from the parent of the child whose birth or christening is registered, or other person requiring the christening of such child, the sum of threepence: and^ thfy ifluch undertaker, or other person, so employed in and about retufe to pay fbch funeral, or if the parties so married, or the parent of the same, they or other person bringing the child, whose birth or christening (bail torteit 5i. shall be so required to be registered, shall neglect or refuse, on demand, to pay the said duty, he, (lie, or they shall, for every. such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

V And be it further enacted, That the churchwardens and churchward bverfeers of every parish, or one of them, shall, from time to eni, C to time, as occasion mail require, provide one or more book or provide book books for the registering of burials, marriages, births, and

vquxxxiy.j'£ christenings, p

f

3*0

entering burials, marii agei, See,

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III c.67. [1783*

chrifienings, with such (lamps for each entry to be made therein, as by this act is required; and shall pay for such boole or books, and the (lamps to be contained therein, out of the rates under t^eir or his management, and shall, from time to time receive back the money, which shall be so paid, from the person authorised by this a (SI to demand and receive the duty hereby imposed, on the entry of any burial, marriage, birth, or christening; and in the case of extra parochial places, such book or books, with such (lamps as aforesaid, shall be provided, from time to time, by the person whpfe duty it shall be to make entries of burials, marriages, births, and christenings.

Entry may be VI 'provided always, and be it further enabled. That no made without parson, vicar, curate, or other person, shall be subject to any any the penalties or forfeitures in this all mentioned, for entering,

three"commis* or caugng to be entered^any burial, marriage, birth, orchristen fumers&c. ing, in any parish register, without any marks or (lamps; here on inipedtion on, where a licence, under the hands of three of the com

paying the 3rnou.1t of duties.

midioners for the time being appointed to put this zain execution, or some officer or officers by them empowered, shall have been granted, signifying. their or his leave or approbation that the entry of any burial, marriage, birth, or chnf tening, to be written in such register may be therein writtefi without any marks or (lamps thereof; so as the person or pet Tonnes, having the custody of such register, do, from time to tim, when and as often as he or they mall be thereto required, permit the said commjffioners, or any of them, or any officer or agent by them, or the major part of them, for that purpose appointed, to inspell and view such register; and do also, from time to time, when and as often as he or they shall be thereto required by the said commissioners, or the major part of them. Or any other by them, or the major pan of them, authorised, pay unto the receiver*general for the time being of the said duties, or such other officer or personas the said commissioners, or the major part of them, shall appoint to receive the same, all such sum and sums of money which, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, ought to be paid in respect of all and every such entry and entries as shall be written in such register; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Not to extend VII Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing

to burials, C herein contained shall extend to charge the entry in any parish from any bo( cu C n. >!*<.

pitai, See.

shut to exteid to quakcis.

register of the burial of any person who shall be buried from any workhouse or hospital, or at the foie expense of any charityi nor the entry in any parish register of the birth or christening of any child whose parents shall receive, at the time of the birth or christening of such child, any parish relief.

VIII Provided always and be it further enalled. That the provisions of this all, with respect to the register of births, burials, and marriages, shall extend to the people called 4}uaken\ and that the registers of births, burials, and marriages, now kept by them, shall be subjell and liable to the stamp duties hereby imposed upon the registers of births, burials, manages.

'

Anno Vicesimo tertio georcjii III C 67.'

and christenings; anything herein, or in atiy other law, corl tained to the contrary notwithstanding,

, And be it further enacted, That the said receiver-general of the damp duties at the head office, and the head distributors of {lamped vellum, parchment and paper, or other person 6r persons duly appointed by the major part of the said commissioners of stamp duties to receive the duty by this act imposed, hall make an allowance to every parson, vicar, curate, or othir period receiving the said duty, as a recompense for his trouble in accounting for the same, at and after the rate of two Shillings in the pound, oat of the moneys by them regularly accounted for, and paid to such receiver-general or head distributor, or such other person or persons as aforesaid, according to the directions herein before contained,

X And be it further enacted, That all profecutloris for recovery of the duties hereby granted, as also for all forfeitures and offences made and committed agaiftft this act; shall be heard and determined by any justice of the peace residing near to the place where such forfeiture shall be made or offence committed; and if the party finds himself aggrieved by the judgement of any such jullice, he shall and may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter sessions, who are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine the same, and their judgement therein shall be final: and every such juftige is hereby authorised, and strictly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information exhibited and brought for any forfeiture incurred, or offence committed contrary to this act, to summon the party accused, and upon his appearance or refusal or nttled to appear to proceed to the examination of thfe matter of; and upon due proof made thereof either by that voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, to give judgement thereupon, and to award and issue out warrants under his hand for the levying such forfeiture or penalty upon the goods and chattels of the offender; and to cause sale to be made of the said goods and chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen days rendering to the party the overplus, if any.

XI Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen any such forfeiture, or penalty as he shall think fit, reasonable cods to the officers arid informers being always allowed over and above full mitigation, and so that such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to left than a moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the cods.

XII And it is hereby further enacted. That all forfeitures and penalties mentioned in this act (all neceitary charges Jfor the recovery thereof being first deduded) shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to and for the use of his Ma

his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such verfon and persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

2) XIII And

33*

An Mlowaitte of 1 s, in the pound td be made to pat fons. See. for their trouble.

Profeeutiottt for recovery of ddtie*, C to be determined by a neighbouring justice; but appeal ntty be made to thequartte* session*.

jutticb may mitigate pc naltiea.

Diftribiition of penaluci.

Receiver of the duties not disqualified as voters

'Duties to be paid to the receiver-general of stamp duties, and by him paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

Persons sued in execution of this act, may plead the general issue,

and shall bp entitled to treble costs.

Anno vicesimo tertto Georgii 111. C 68. £ 1783.

XIII And be it further enabled, That no person employed by virtue of this act in receiving or accounting for the duties hereby imposed, shall, merely in respect of this act, be disqualified from voting at any election or elections of members to serve in parliament: any law or statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV And be it further ettacted, That the duties herein be fore granted shall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the duties, and pay the same (the neceffiiry charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, bong deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on damped vellum, .parchment, and paperi, 'rhre directed to be paid; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys anting from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid; shall be entered, separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or foccefibrs, upon any account whatsoever: and the said mortey, foto be paid into the bid receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to to act of this present session of parliament, intituled, An act*8 for raising a certain sum of Money by way of annuities, and sir eflabtifi ing a lottery.

V XV And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any tiling by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of ny clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons and bodies politic or corporate, shall or may plead the general Hfiie, sfnd give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict 'shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuhed, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXVIII

An act for appointing and enabling commissioners farther to examine, take, and (rate the public accounts of the kingdom.

o Geo. 5. C 54. recited, si Geo.. C 45. 11 Qto. 5. C 50. Thomas anguish, Arthur Ptggott, Richard Neave, Samuel Beacbcroft, George Drummond, and William Roe, efauires, or any three of them comrau (ioners appointed to examine and Itate the public accounts of the king' dom. The recited acts to continue in force after July is, 178}. No com miffianer to hold a civil office of profit during pleasure under his Majesty. Any three of the commissioners to be fvrora before the chanccbar of the exchequer, C The oath.

I ai.

an^o vicesimo terdo Georgii III q. 69. 333.

I A. B. do swear, That, according to the best of my (kill and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly, execute the several power and trusts veiled in me by an act, intituled, An act for appointing and enabling commissioners further to examine, take, and ttato the pnblick accounts of the kingdom according the tenor and purport of the said act.*T

The said three commidionert to adminder the oath to the rest. Lords of the treasury may pay 1, 000!. to the order of the commidioners. Application thereof for payment of clerks, meifengers, and ocher officers, and in defraying all ocher necessary charges, as the commidioners shall appoint Executors of accountants to attend commidioners and execute their .orders. Continuance of this act, one year from July u, 17s3, and no longer.

CAP. LXIX

Am aft U matte the adjutant general of his Majeslfs foroes, and the comptrollers of army accounts, to send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of pojlage.

WHEREAS by an at, made in the fourth year of the reign Preamble.

his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for preventing frauds Recjtaj of and abuses in relation to the sending ands receiving of letters 4 Geo. j. and packets free from the duty of postage)) is enabled, That, C 14. from qnd after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, so long as the revenue ariftng in the general Utter office, or p oft office, or office of post master general, ball continue to be made part of the aggregate fund, no letters of packets sent by the post to or from any place wbatjoever, Shall be exempted from paying the duty of postage, except such Utters and packets as are therein particularly excepted: and whereas the privilege offending and receiving Utters and packets, free from the duty of postage, is not, by the said act, extended to the adjutant general of his Majesty's forces for the time. being, nor to the comptrollers of army accounts for the time being, who, by virtue of their respective offices, necejfarily send and receive many Utters and packets relating to the public concerns of these kingdoms; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by smd with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the Adjutant ge

!>afling of this act, the said adjutant general of his majesty's nera, an orces for the time being, and the comptrollers of army ac of^p^y ac''for the time being, shall and may send and receive counts.may letters and packets free from the duty of postage, in the same send and remanner, and under such restrictions, as other officers men ceive letters tioned in the said act are thereby permitted, in respect offrc5f^n' their offices, to send and receive the same in pursuance of the^*

, said act. \

5*3

CAP.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii 111. f. jq. [1783;

CAP. LXX

Jn act for the more effeffual preyenting the illegal importation of foreign spirits, and Jor putting a sop to the private djfiillation of British made spirituous liquors, for explaining fueb part of tbm

aft, impoftng a duty upon male servants, as relates to the, right mf

.........'-

appeal from the justices of the peace % to amend and rectify a m) take in an act of the laji fefftcn of parliament, with respect to the removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing vexati^s actions against officers of excise effting in purfudnce of the authority given by excije statutes.

^rc*u>bly.

WHEREAS the illegal importation of greatly promoted by fictitious entries of fto

foreign spirits is f Jlorehouses and other places for keeping such liquors, made by evil minded and indigent per jibs: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the king's rtidft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Fromffept.9. aflqmbled, and.by the authority of the same, That, from and k783.no deal after the twenty-ninth day ot September, one thousand seven sas hundred and eighty-three, no feller, of, or dealer fr, Foreign quort, within spirituous liquors, yeflding within the limits of the head othce toe limits of of excise in London, (not being a retailer therepf duly licensed the excise of thereunto, ) frail be permitted, to make entry of any wardioufe.

fnga^icenftd ft°reh°mfe. % room, (hop, peliar, vault, or other place, by him.

retailer, ) shall her, or them tended to be made use of for the keeping of make eptry of foreign brandy, ^rrack, rum, spirits, or strong waters, unless any ware such seller or dealer, at the tifoe of making such entry, shall oc

keepin cupy anc 'nhabh a tenement Qr tenements of the yearly value

ftignlpihts, Pf twelve pounds, or upwards, and fc^r which he, (he, (or they, 1 1 L partners, ) shall be assessed in his, her, of their own name or

Stains and shall also pay to the parifr rates; and that no such seller or dealer, residing in any other part of the kingdom where there are rates to church and poor, shall be permitted to make any such entry, unless such seller or dealer shall be assessed and aether part of pay to church and poor in the several parifces and places in the kingdom, which tlfey frail respectively resute; and that no entry of any to chu and warcbouse, ^orehouse, room, (hop, celiar, vault, or other place,for keeping of foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or strong

unless he be assessed for a tenement of sal. per ann, See.

Dor in any

H'

Waters, already made or hereafter to be made, as directed and required by the statutes in that case made and provided, shall e of any avail lo any such seller or dealer (not being a retailer of spirituous liquors, and dulyjicensed thereto) not so qualified, or for any longer term than such seller or dealer, fa making such entry, shall be qualified as aforesaid j and every pqrfon snot being frch'fetaijer Ijceqfed as aforesaid) selling of or dealing in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or strong waters, not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be sellers of and dealers in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, and |lrp'og waters, without entry: shall be subject to the

y

335

X £83.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 70.

like penalties and forfeitures as sellers of and dealers in brandy,

arrack, rum, spirits, and strong waters, without entry, are,

toy the ftatiites in such case made and provided, now subject,

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, tgr(j, i^wvhere any entry shall be made, by any seller of or dealer in the same brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or strong waters, of any warehouse for house, storehouse, room, (hop, celiar, vault, or other place, heepmg of for the keeping of foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or rorcl*p strong waters, no other seller or dealer in such spirituous liquors, (not being a joint trader or partner with such seller or dealer, ) however qualified, shall, on any pretence whatsoever, make entry of the same, or of any other warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, celiar, vault, or other place whatsoever, within the same house or tenement in which the entry of any such other seller or dealer shall then be existing; but/every such seller or dealer making such further entry of the same, or any other such warehouse, storehouse, (hop, room, celiar, vault, or other place, in fuct\ same house or tenement, shall, notwithstanding such further entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a seller of and dealer in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, and strong waters, without entry, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as sellers of and dealers in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, and strong waters, without eniry, are now subject unto.

III Andy the better to prevent foreign spirituous liquors, that have been illegally imported into this kingdom, from being removed from the tea coajls into the flocks of entered dealers in those commodi tiesy and of others, be it tnadted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, Directions reno seller of or dealer in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or jative to tak strong waters, shall be allowed to take out more than one per mit in one and the same day to any one person whatsoever, oving so (except, as herein after is excepted, ) which permit shall be reign (pints, granted for the removal of no more than one cask, or other package, containing any foreign spirituous liquors of one kind, or species; and if any more than one cask, or other package, of foreign spirituous liquors of one kind or species at oyie time, directed to one and the same person, (or persons, where there are two or more in joint trade or partnership, except as hereinafter is excepted, ) shall be found removed or carried, or removing or carrying, from one place in this kingdom to any > other place, whether with or without permit, the same, together with the vessels and boats, and the horses and other cattle.

and the carriages employed in removing or carrying the same,

shall be forfeited, and shall and may be i'eized by any offifcr or officers of excise.

IV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho riry aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any dealer in foreign spirituous liquors from taking ukcu out and

Z 4 out

1

3j6 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii 111. c.70. [1 ?8 3.

tasks sent the but two or more permits, and, by virtue thereof, sending two same day, so or more casks, or other packages, containing foreign spiritiaou* as each cask jiquors of the same kind and fpceies, to the same person, in the

a different^ame day so as cac^ and cvc, 7 cas or Packagc permit, See! tively shall be sent under different permits and by different conveyances.

Mot to pre V Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing vent dealers herein before contained shall be construed to prevent any feucr sending with of or dealer in foreign (pirituous liquors, from sending with one canum the kc p*1111** by onc the act conveyance any ber of calks number of casks with any kind of foreign spirituous liquors of 60 gallons therein, each such case then containing fifcty galions, oc ap each, C wards, of foreign spirituous liquors of one and the same kind or species.

Foreign fpi VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforefead,

1 f1 thsk# hat if any foreign spirituous liquors (not being in calks contaio 60 gallons? ing sixty galions, or upwards, ) shall be found removing or car found remov rying from any one part of this kingdom to any other pari there ing at any of, unless at such times as herein after mentioned; that is ao umc conu ary say from the twenty-ninth day of September to the twenty-fifth shall b/tor day f March, yearly, between the hours of feren in the marn feited, with ing and five in the evening; and from the twenty-fifth day of the cattle and March to the twenty-ninth day of September, yearly, between carriages. the hours of five in the morning and seven in the evening, (except the same is carrying by a known common stagecoach, wagon, or other stage carriage, which ufuilly travels out of those. hours, ) all the said foreign spirituous liquors, and the package containing the same, whether the same be accompanied with or without a permit, and all the cattle and carriages made use of in the removing or conveying the same, shall he forfeited, and fhau and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

Particulars to VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be specified in That, from and after the said twenty^ninth day of September request notes when any felkr of or dealer in foreign spirituous liquors shall or permits. fencj a re(jueft note any permit writer, requiring any permit or permits for the removal of any foreign (ptrhuous liquors from his own stock into the (lock of any other perfoo or persons, every such feller^nd dealer shall, and he is hereby required and directed to specify, in every such request note, as woll the quality or kind of foreign spirituous liquors, intended to be'removed with each permit, as also the contents of the calk or other package containing the same, and likewise whether the same is to be removed by land or by water, and by what mode of conveyance the said case, bottle, or other package retpec tively, is intended to be sent; and if any seller of or dealer in foreign spirituous liquors, shall neglect or refuse to specify, in every such request note, either the quality of the spirituous liquors intended to be removed, or the contents of the case, bottle, or other package.containing the same; or by what carriage, or mode of conveyance, the same is intended to be sent,

every

73*] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 70.'337

very such request note and notes shall be null and void; not hall any permit or permits be granted by any officer or permit writer thereon.

VIII And whereas, for the bitter Securing the duties chargeable

span txtijeable commodities, the dealers therein are, jla \utes new in farce, required to take out permits from the proper tfjkert of etutfe, certifying that those duties have been paid, which permits are to accompany such commodities when removing from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof: and whereas great frauds have been committed by forging permits in imitation of tbofa granted by such officers, and the penalties already provided to prevent (sub forgeries are not Sufficient to fiepprtfs Jo great an; for the more effeaoud preventing such praslices, so mamfeftly tending

to the min of the far trader, and to the diminution of so material a branch of the revenue of this kingdom, be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the respective comraiffieners of excise Commission in England and Scotland shall, on or before the said twenty ersforeng ninth day of September, provide, fit cause to be provided, land and Scot moulds or frames for the making of paper to be used for per land, on orb tnks, which paper shall have the words Excise office v&ble in toppro?* the fabtaoce of such paper j and shall alto provide, or cause vide mould to be provided, one or more plate or plates, engraved with for making of certain marks, tamps, and devices, in manner as to them p*^to^ shall fieem meet, (which marks, tamps, and devices, on the. &«. " plates. Or any of them, may from time to time be varied** or altered in fitch manner, and as often as the said cotnmif ftoncra for the time being respectively shall think necessary), for the printing, tamping, and marking the said paper: and all permits from thenceforth to be given or granted, by the re spective officers for the several duties of excise and inland duties, for the removal of any exciseable commodity, shall be printed, tamped, and marked by the said plate or plates on paper so made, with the words Excise office vidbie in the substance thereof; which said paper shall be made, and the said plate or plates shall be engraven, by such perlbo and persons respefuvely as are now, or hereafter shall be, appointed by the said commis doners of excise, the major part of them, from time to time, under their respective hands and (cals, for those purposes; and as well the said paper fb made, as also the said plate or plates b engraved as aforesaid, shall be kept by such officer or officers as shall from time to time be appointed by the said comukissioners, or the major part of themj espectively, for keeping the same: and the officer or officers to be appoint \0 permitto ed for printing permits, shall not print, (lamp, or mark any be granted on paper whereon any permit or permits shall be given or granted any other p for the removal of any exciseable commodity, but on the p*r' paper so provided as aforesaid, and having the words exact office visible in the substance of such paper.

IX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That, All persons from apd after the said twenty-ninth day of, if any who shall

person or persons whatfocyer (not being authorised by the re m#j^an^

fpeftivc

33*

for nuking such piper at tfortuid.

or assist in nuking such piper. See.

wikis appointed by the commissioners of excise.

flull suffer death at felons.

Persons counterfeiting permits.

or giving or receiving any false permit.

or altering

any granted by the proper officer,

shall foifeit

500i.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 70. [17s3-

spective commissioners of excite in England and Scotland ter do) shall make, or eause or procure to be made, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the making, or without being authorised or appointed as aforesaid, shall knowingly have in his, her, or their custody or possession''lawful excuse, (the proof whereof shall lie on the person accused), any frame, mould, or instrument, for the making of paper with the words Exafe office visible in the substance of such paper; or shall make, or eause or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or assist in the making, any paper, in the substance of which the words Excise office (nail be visible; or if any person (except as before excepted) shall, by arty art, mystery, or contrivance, eause or procure the said words Excise office to appear visible in the substance of any paper whatever; or if any person or persont whatever (not being appointed as aforesaid) shall engrave, cast, cut, or make, or shall eause or procure to be engraven, cast, cut, or made, any plate or plates, or othev thing, with any mark, stamp, or device thereort, in imitation of, or to resemble any mark, ftanhp, or device, made and used by the direction of the said commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, respectively, in manner as aforesaid, for the purpose of printing, stamping, and marking of the paper to be used for a permit or permits, to accompany any exciseable commodity or commodities removing or removed from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, in pursuance of the directions of the several statutes requiring such permit; every person so offending, in any of the cases aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for such offence, be deemed and adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X And be it further enacved by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September if any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or forge, or eause to be counterfeited or forged, any permit for the removal of any exciseable commodity from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, for the removal of which a permit or certificate is by any act or as of parliament now in force required; or if any person or persons shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue permit, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue permit with any such exciseable commodity to be removed or removed as aforesaid; or if any person or persons shall fraudulently alter or crafe any permit, after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper officer of excise; or if any person or persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such permit so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, or erased; every person so offending shall (in lieu of any former penalty), for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the lum of five hundred pounds; which forfeiture shall and miy be prosecuted in any of his majesty's conns

i y83.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 70.'339

of record at Westminster9 or in the court of exchequer in Scotland

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September9Penalty on if any officer of excise or other inland duties, shall deliver out, .officer or suffer to be delivered out, any paper having the words mpar^perl Excise office visible in the substance thereof, either before or mitsimprol after the (lamp or mark, foto be provided as aforesaid, shall perly, be printed thereon, or before the same shall be filled up, agreeable to the request note brought from any trader, for the purpose of having a permit for the removal of some exciseable commodity; or if any such officer shall knowingly give Qr or granting grant any false or untrue permit, or shall make any talfe or faifeperinit* untrue entry in the counterpart or counterparts of any per emit or permits, by him given or granted for the removal of any exciseable commodity from the (lock of any dealer therein; or shall knowingly and willingly receive or take any exciseable commodity whomever into the (lock of any such dealer, brought in with any false, forged, or untrue permit, or shall knowingly permit or suffer the same to be done, directly or indirectly, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the several statutes in such case made and provided, every such officer so offending being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported, in like manner as other felons are directed to be transported, by the laws and statutes of this realm, for any time not exceeding seven years.

XIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That upon every action, bill, plaint, or information, entered Upon every or filed in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, action en or court of exchequer in Scotland, for'the said penalty of five tcrcd irl anp hundred pounds, a capias in the first process shall and may at issue, specifying the said penalty; and the defendant or defend minder, cants shall be obliged to give sufficient bail, by natural born for the pe subjects, persons naturalised, or denizens, to the person or n*by 5°jj persons to whom such capias shall be directed, to appear in the court out of which such capias shall issue, at the day of the return of such writ, to answer such suit or prosecution; and to

shall likewise, at the time of such appearance, give sufficient gjvc bail for bail or security, by such persons as aforesaid, in the said court, his tppear to answer and pay the said forfeiture of five hundred pounds,nce» a»dalfo in case he or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, Pc

her, or their bodies to prison**

jfnd whereas, notwithstanding the many laws already made to prevent the private dijlillation of low wines and of spirits9 evil minded persons do privately make spirits \ for the better defining such persons, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, From Sep. 19, in case any officer or officers of excise shall know, or have i78j»ifany cause to suspect, that any private or concealed dill, back, or officer shall other vessel, spirits, low wines, wash, or other materials, toy

[ tized by

Iepreparing private still,

340

C within the limits of the head office, and make oath thereof before a justice, or the comnuffioa* «rs;

or in any other pait of Great Britain, and shall make oath thereof before a justice of the county, seem

the said com snufioners or justicet may grant a (pedal warrant to break open such fu I petted house, and to seize such Kills, spirits. See.

and if not claimed, by*the owner, within ten dayt, the same fhatt be forfeited, and the proprietor, Sec. shall pay 200i. for every such place, and Kill, See. found therein.

Penalty on obltru Cling officers in Seizing private tills, See.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 70^ [1783,

preparing for distillation, are setup or kept in any house or place; then, and in such case, if such house or place shall be within the limits of the chief office of excise upon oath made by such officer or officers before one or more justice*or justice of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, where such house or place shall be, or before the commiuionets of excise, or any two or more of them; orin case the same shall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon path made by such officer or officers, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, divicon, or place where such officer or officers (lull fulpett the same to be setup and kept, setting forth the ground of such his or their suspicion; it shall apd may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of excise, pr justice or juftipes of the peace refaeclively, before whom such affidavit or affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant under his or their respective hands and seals, to authorise and empower such officer or officers, by day or by night, (but if in the night time, then in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace, who are hereby required to be aiding and a (Tiding therein), to break open the doors or any part of such house or place, where he or they shall fq> know or suspect such private or concealed still, back, or other vessel, spirits, low wines, wah, or materials for distillation, are so setup and kept, and to enter into such house or place, and to seize all and every such (tills backs, or other vessels, and all such spirits, low wines, wah, and other materials preparing for distillation, which he or they shall find and discover, and either to detain and keep the same in the house or place where found, or to remove the fiupe to the office of excise next to the place where tlfe (amt shall be so discovered and found; and in case the same shall not, within ten days next after such seizure, be claimed by the true and lawful owj^ef thereof, then the said Hills, backs, and other vessels, spirits, low wines, wah, and other materials for distillation, shall be absolutely forfeited, and the proprietor of any such private or concealed still, back, or other vessel, or thp person in whose custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose, for every place in which every such private still, back, or other vessel, shall be so found, and also for every such dill, back, and vessel, found therein, the fom of two hundred pounds; and if any person or persons shall pbftrutt, oppose, moled, or hinder, any officer or officers of excise, or others acting in their assistance, in the due seizing any such private or concealed dills, backs, or other vessels, spirits, low wines, wash, or other materials for distillation, or in detaining or keeping the same in the place where found, or ia removing the same, or any of them, after seizure, to the next office of excise as aforesaid; then, and in every such case, every person so offending, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XIV And) in order to deter per/ons from aiding or ajfi/iing

J

1783*1 Anri* vicefihid tertk> gtosgh III fc. 76. j4t

tie proprietors of such private jhus in tarrying on their fraudulent praflictsy be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, fromsept. 19* from, and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, when jany any officer or officers of 'excise shall at any time discover Sfall be found ana find any private or concealed fthl, back, or veitel, for aiding and af the making, preparing, or keeping of wash, low wines, or sitting in any spirits, or other materials preparing, for distillation, and hall private duftif. at the same time discover in the room or place where such' '

still, back, or other vessel, shall be so found, any per 30 '* folk or 'persons knowingly aiding, assisting, or anyways concerned in carrying on such private distillation, every such person and persons so discovered, shall (over and above all other penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor, or person in whole. custody or possession the same mall be found, is now subject and liable unto) forfeit and lose the sum of thirty pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for the officer and officers of excise, and all other persons ailing in their aid and assistance, to stop, aired, and detain, all and every the person and persons lb discovered in such room or place, and to convey the said person and persons before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, wherein such persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid j and it shall and may be lawful to and and shall be for such justice or justices of the peace respectively, on con carried before session of the party, or by proof on the oath of one or more*itt "ice credible witness or witnesses made of such offence, to convict the person or persons so discovered as aforesaid: and the person or persons so convicted shall, immediately on such conviction, pay the said sum of thirty pounds, into the hands of the officer who shall hase conveyed such offender before such justice or justices of the peace, to be applied in maimer as herein after is directed; and on such offender or On default offenders refiifing or neglecting to pay the said sum of thirty of paying the pounds, the justice of justices so convicting as aforesaid shall Pen, lily <* and may, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand committed? and seat, or hands and seals, commit the offender or offenders to the house of correction for the said county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of six months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction, and the person or persons so committed shall not be drfeharged until he,

(he, or they; hate paid the said sum'of thirty pounds, or until the expiation Of tyre said six months; and in Case a

the person or persons so c6rrvi<fted shall be again discovered focond sin any room or place where any private still, back, or other fence, reffd, shall be discovered and found as aforesaid, aiding, assisting, or otherwise concerned in carnring on any private dif ttltery, he, (he, or they, W again offending, shall, upon the Kfce conviaidn*^ ftffeit and pay, for such second offence, the sum Of firtty pounds, and shall be committed to the house of cottc&ion in manner aforesaid, there to remain for and during

- the

From Sep.9}7*5. all horses, carriages, C employed in re paoviogbritiq) spirits, without a proper permit, may oefeized.

Before Sept, so, 17i1, diftulers to demolish their trunks or close vessels for receiving w*jb, See.

on penalty of iooi.

Distiliers, C to take away all pipes fattened to the end of their Bid worms,

Anno vicesimo tertio geofton III C 70. [lytjj

the term of one year, or until the said Aim of sixty pooafe shall be paid.

XV 'And tbt mtrt tfftbuallj prevent the removal of jfirinj that have been privately dijtilltd, frm the pious where mode to though houses of verifiers and empeunders of spiritsf be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the fesd twenty-ninth day of September, it shall and may be lawfdl to and for the officers of excise, and they and each of them is and are hereby required to seize all and every horse and other cattle, and all carriages and boats whatsoever, made life of or employed in the removing, carrying, or conveying British made spirituous liquors from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, unless the British made spirits so removing, carrying, or conveying, shall be accompanied with such authentic permits or certificates from same or one of the officers of his majesty's revenue of excise, as by the several statutes in such case made and provided are directed to accompany the same when removing as aforesaid j which seizures of horses, cattle, carriages, and boats, shall and may be proceeded upon, heard, and determined, by such ways, means, and methods, as other seizures made by the officers of excise may now be proceeded upon, heard, ana determined, by any law or laws relating to hts majesty's revenue of excise.

And whereas great frauds have been and may be Hurried on by means of trunks and other close vessels sit up by difillers and makers of low wines and of spirits, for receiving wafts and aether materials fit for di/iillation from the wah backs, and other utensils, before the same is pumped up into their Jlill or fills j be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, every distiller and maker of low wines or of ipirits, whether for faleor for exportation, having or keeping any trunk or other close vessel or utensil for receiving or keeping wah, or other materials fit for distillation, shall, before the said twenty-ninth day of September, take up, demolish, or convert into open vessels, every such trunk and other close vessel or utensil; and that no distiller or maker of low wines or of spirits, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, shall erect, setup, have, or keep, any trunk, or any other close vessel or utensil, for receiving, keeping,or making wah, or other materials preparing for distillation, on pain to forfeit, for every such trunk, or other close vessel and utensil, so erected, setup, kept, or continued, after the said twenty-ninth day of September, the sum of one hundred pounds: and, to the end that the officers of excise may be able to taste and examine the quality of the low wines and of the spirits coming from the still or stills of every distiller and maker of low wines and of ipirits, whether for Tale or for exportation, compounder and reftifier of spirits, every such distiller and maker, reifier and compounder, shall, before the said twenty-ninth day of September, cut off or takeaway all pipes or other conveyances already fixed or fattened to the end of the worms belonging to their respective still and stills BAND from and after a the

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 70.

143

the said twenty-ninth day of September, no such dlftillef, maker,

rediifier, or compounder, shall six or falien, or suffer to be fixed

or fattened, any pipe or other conveyance to the end of

any worm belonging to any of their dill or (tills, but shall

leave the end of the worm belonging to each and every of

his and their respective (till and (tills open and free for the

officers of excise to taste and examine the low wines and spirits

respectively coming from every such (till and (tills; and the

low wines and spirits so coining from the ends .of the said respective

worms shall openly and publicly run into an open

life, or other open vessel kept for that purpose, and the same

shall respectively be conveyed from such safe, or other open

vessel, into the low wine calk, or spirit calk, as the case may

be: and if any such distiller, maker, remitter, or compounder, on penalty of

shall riegled to take away, or cut off, all such pipes or other Joel.

conveyances as shall be so fixed or fastened to the end of the

worm, to each of his, her, or their (till or (tills respectively

belonging, as herein before directed $ or shall, after the said

twenty-ninth dav of September, six or falien, or cause or suffer

to be fixed or fattened, any pipe or other conveyance to the end

of any worm of any (till to him, her, or them respectively

belonging, or shall run their low wines or spirits frdm the end

of the worms of their respective (till or (tills into any other

vessel than the safe, or other open public vessel kept for that

purpose, or shall not convey the same respectively from such

safe, or other open vessel, into the low wines cask, or spirits

cade, as the case may be; every such distiller, maker, rectifier,

and compounder, so offending, shall, for each offence, forfeit

and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, discharge the discharge cocks belonging to each and every (till of every cock to be distiller and maker of low wines or of spirits, whether for sale fixed the or exportation, shall be so placed and fixed in the body of the IK respective (tills as that the officers of excise may have free they telong and convenient access to the same; and for that purpose every C such discharge cock shall be Continued in a straight line from the body of the (till to which it is fixed, and such discharge cock shall not, in any case, project more than three feet from the body of any such (till, nor more than eighteen inches from the brickwork or other materials whereon the said respective (till or (tills shall be erected or placed; and if any on penalty of distiller or maker of low wines, or of spirits, shall six or place 100i. the discharge cock of any still, to him, her, or them belonging, otherwise than as herein is directed, he, (he, or they shall, for every such offened, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, Key of dif the keys of every charging cock, and of every discharge cock, charge cocks, that shall be made use of oy any distiller or maker of low wines to**

and spirits, whether for sale or for exportation, or by any rec ma

tifier

Mouths of such cocks to be left free.

Penalty on default.

When any still shall cease to be worked, the head thereof shall be taken off.

on forfeiture ofiool.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii UL C 70." [1783*

tifier or compounder of spirits, for charging or for dtfcharginj and emptying any still or stills, or other entered utensil hj him, her, or them respectively made use of, shall be had, made, and constructed in manner following, and in no other form cm manner whatever; that is to say. The key of each, and every such cock shall be made with an open eye or hole in the top part thereof, and every such eye or hole shall be of such a fixe, as to be capable of receiving a leaver, fafficient to tom the respective cock or cocks, at ah times when the officers shall have occasion to turn the same in the execution of the powers and authority to them given for that purpose, by the Several statutes in such case made and provided; and every such key of every such cock and cocks, shall be of one piece, and solid to the bottom, and so riveted into the cock of which it is apart as to prevent the same from being taken out of the body of the said cock; and such charging cocks and discharge cocks respectively, shall not have any hole or place of discharge, but at the mouth only; and no distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, redtifier or compounder of spirits, shall, for any purpose, or on any pretence whatsoever, six or place, or suffer to be fixed or placed, any grate, (trainer, or any other thing whatsoever, on or before the mouth of any such charge cock, or of any such discharge cock; but the mouths of each and every such cock shall be left free and clear from every thine that can or may prevent the officers of excise from searching and examining the inside of the mouth or opening of each and every such cock and cocks: and if any such distiller or maker, redtifier or compounder, shall make use of, or shall six or place any charge cock, or discharge cock, to an? of his (till or stills, or to any other of his entered utensils, of any other construction or make than that herein before mentioned; or shall at any time six or place anything whatsoever on or before the mouth or opening of any such cock, whereby the officer shall or may be prevented from searching and examining the inside thereof; then, and in every such case, every such distiller, maker, rectifier, and compounder, (had, for each offence respectively, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority lforefs That, from and after the said twenty*ninth day ot Septa every redtifier and compounder of (pints shall take off, or 1 to be taken off, the head and beads of each and every (till am stills to him belonging, when arid as soon as any such (till! ol stills shall cease to be worked; and the head or heads of such still or stills shall in no case, nor on any pretence, or on any account, be put on such still or (tills, until each such still shall be again charged and ready to work, nor until the officer shall have examined the quality of the spirits then in each such still < and if any such redtifier or compounder shall neglect to take oil each and every head and heads from each respective still anc stills, when and so soon as each such still shall cease to be worked, or shall io any case, or on any pretence or account whatsoever

u pul

1783.] Anno vieegmo tcrtlo georgii IIL C 70. 345

put on any such head or heads, on any of his dill or dills, before such dill or dills shall be charged and ready to work, and before the officer shall have examined the quality of the spirits then in the dill, he, (he, or they so offending' shall for each offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XX And whereas the opening of the furnace doors of the sills belonging to compounders and rectifiers of spirits, before the Jlills are actually charged, and the heads o f such Jlills are put on, has given opportunities for fraud; for preventing of such frauds, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after Directions re the said twenty-ninth day of September, whenever the officer j?tive to of of excise shall have received a notice (as directed by the datute, nceforop«n in that case made) for opening the furnace door of any dill ing the fvlv? or dills belonging to any redhfier or compounder of spirits, nace door of and shall attend for that purpose, such officer dull not on any dills belong pretence open the furnace door of any such dill or dills, but of such as are at that time fully charged, nor until he hath ex9amined the contents of such dill or dills, and hath seen the head or heads of such dill or dills respectively actually put on and ready to be locked down; nor shall such officer, when attending on any such notice at the dill house of any such rectifier or compounder, be obliged to continue there more than one hour at any one time; and if such reifier or compounder (half not within that time have charged the dill or dills mentioned in that notice, and have put on the head or heads of the said dill or dills, so as they be ready to be locked down, every such reifier and compounder shall be obliged to give another like notice in writing, before the officer shall be obliged to attend again to open the furnace door or doors of his, her, or their dill or dills; any law, cudom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXL Andj that the officers of excise may be the better enabled to examine the contents of every fill and fills, to any didiller or maker of low wines and spirits, whether for sale or exportation, rectifier, or compounder of spirits belongings and to take fill gauges thereofs be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from Distillersto and after the said twenty-ninth day of September every didiller provide pro and maker of low wines andtpirits, and every compounder per ladders to and redtifier of spirits, shall provide proper ladders whereby fcers'to get the officers of excise may get to the top of each dill to every to the top of such didiller, maker, compounder, and redtifier respectively their (tills belonging; and every such didiller, maker, compounder, and and to assist redtifier, or some person on their behalf, shall be aiding and them in et affiding to the said officer in setting up the ladder, and in ex araining the contents of every such dill, and in taking dillla er C gauges thereof; and if any such didiller, maker, compounder, n penalty of or redlifier, respectively, shall neglect to provide proper lad a00*# ders for the purposes aforesaid, or shall not by himself, or by some' other on his behalf, aflid the said officers in setting up the ladder, and in taking the account and dill gauges as aforesaid; or shall, by any means whatever, hinder or obstruct Yql. XXXIV A a tbs

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 70. {1783.

the officer or officers of excise fom examining the contents of each such (till, or in taking the gauge thereof $ then, and in every such case, the distiller, maker, compounder, or rectifier, (o offending, shall, for each offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXII Jnd) for the further preventing frauds be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said impowered?o twenty-ninth day of September, it shall and may be lawful for take samples every officer of excise, and they are hereby empowered to take of wash from at any time or times, a faraple or samples of the wah, in any ddhliers, n wash back or other vessel belonging to any distiller or maker pergajlon for f lw w*ncs and spirits, either for sale or exportation, not the ian\e. exceeding twelve gallons in the whole, out of each such walb back or other vessel, paying for such wah after the rate of Penalty on one shilling and sixpence per galion; and in case any such dtf refusal. tiller or maker of low wines and spirits, or any workman or servant to him or them belonging, shall refuse to permit such officer or officers to take such sample or samples as aforesaid upon his or their offering to pay for the same after the rate aforesaid, or shall any ways obstrult or hinder him or them in taking such sample or samples, such dicti)ler#or maker (hal), for each offence respeciively, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

After Sept. 19, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September,

no lbllk°rthav! no distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, whether for firie more than one r ^..

fixed charg or for exportation, shall, on any pretence whatever, have or

ing pipe, and keep any fixed pipe or other conveyance whatever, leading to

onedischarge any (kill or stills, save and except one charging-pipe to. each

cock such still; nor shall have any conveyance whatever leading

from any such still or stills, save and except the discharge cock

on penalty of to each still respectively belonging, on pain to forfeit for every

aool. fixed pipe or other conveyance, leading to, or leading from,

such still and stills, (not before excepted), the sum of two

hundred pounds.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Any corn That, if any corn distiller, or maker of low wines or spirits

after Sept. from corn or grain, shall, after the said twenty-ninth day of

shall ufc any September, make use of any melasses, course sugar, honey, or melasses, ho any composition or extra of sugar, in the brewing, making, r\ty % C in or preparing, wash for distillation, or in making or extracting

dif ow w*nes or spirits, or shall receive or take into his custody

filiation, shall or possession any quantity of melasses, coaric sugar, honey, or, forfeit tool any composition or extract of sugar, exceeding ten pounds weight; every such corn distiller, and maker of low wines and spirits from corn or grain, shall forfeit and lose, for every such and every fer °ffencei the sum of one hundred pounds; and every servant vant, or Other of such corn distiller, or maker of low wines or spirits from person aftirt corn or grain, and every other person who shall be aiding and (h5iltfcrf, l)' n the u^ins any melasses, coarse sugar, honey, or any

aoh or b^iiu cornpqfition or extract of sugar, in the brewing, making, or

preparing

f 7&3-1 Anno vicesimo tertio gfeorgll III C 70. 347

preparing wash for distillation, or in making or extrafting low pnfoned for i*in£s or spirits, or in carrying or conveying the same into the j^th*. house, still house, or other place belonging to such corn dif filler, or maker of low wines or spirits from corn or grain, shall also forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum or twenty pounds, and in default of payment shall suffer three months imprisonment,

XXV And whereas distillers having made entry of their jiilu boufesy have sometimes withdrawn those entries whiljl wash and other materials prepared for distillation remain unwsrkedy be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the After Seps. said twenty-ninth day ot Septembery no distiller or maker of low jg jf wines or spirits, compounder or reftifier of spirits, who shall £oufe^or have made entry of any still house and utensils, for she pur utensils, shall pose of distillation, as by the several statutes relating to the be withdrawii duties on British made spirituous liquors he his required to do, "hdft wall^be permitted to withdraw such his entry whilst wall, low terials^olndrf vrines, or other materials preparing or fit for distillation, are filiation, are remaining in any of the places, or in any of the utensils, so by remaining him, her, or them respectively entered as aforesaid; but inrbercin. every such case the officers of excise, under whose survey such

distiller or maker shall then be, shall continue to survey the places and utensils mentioned in each such entry, until all the wash, low wines, and other materials, shall be worked off, and the duties charged on the produce thereof, or until the same shall be removed from and out of the said entered places, and then, and not till then, shall any such entry, made as aforesaid, be withdrawn

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Motto leffeu That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed the powers of to extend, to take away or lessen any of the powers or author of ities heretofore given to the officers of excise and for the inland* duties, by any law or laws now in force relating to the said

duties.

- XXVII And whereas by dn aily made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present majesty, (entitled, An act for the bet Recital of ter management and collection of the duties upon male servants,1 Geo.* granted by an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign ofcap.** L his present Majesty), it was enabled, That all prosecutions for the recovery of the duties imposed upon male fervantsy and aljo for all forfeitures and offences made and committed against the said ablsf within all or any of the counties hires > ftewartriesy cities towns, or placesy within the kingdom of Great Britain, ball be beard and determined by any two or more of the justicei of the peace reftding near to the place where Jucb forfeitures ball be made or offence committed; and if the party finds himself aggrieved by the judgement given by the said justicesy be hall and may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter fe/jionsy who are authorised, and empowered to hear and determine the famey and whose judgement therein ball be final: and whereas doubts have arifeny whether the word Party, in the said act mentioned, does

A a a extend

348 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 70. [1^83.

extend as well to the informers in such prosecutions as to the de fendants therein named: now, to obviate all such doubts, be partyrtn the lt declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said act)exr word Party, in the said at mentioned, was intended to extend, plained. and does extend, to either party who think themselves aggrieved by any judgement given, or to be given, by any justices of the peace in pursuance of the said act.

XXVIII And whereas by a clause in an act, pq/fed in the lajk Recital of Jffion of parliament, (entitled An act for repealing the duties pay

Geo. iir, able for beer and ale above six Shillings the barrel, exclusive of cap. 6s. f. 18. the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the bar rel, exclusive of such duties, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned: and also additional duties on fope made in Great Britain, and upon the produce of the said additional duties on coaches, and on other Carriages; and for the better securing the duty upon tea, and other duties of excise; and also for appointing the number of commissioners of excise, who may hear causes depending before them relative to the duties on male servants); it was enafttd, That no tea, exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weight, (not being within the chejl in which the same was imported into'this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and then continuing in the same state in which it was imported), ball at any one time, directed to one and the same person, (or pxrfons where there are two or more in joint trade or partner/hip) be removed or carried from any city, town, pari/b, or place in this king dom, not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chid' office of excise in London, to any other place out of the limits aforesaid, not within the said city, town, pari/b, or place, from which the same ball be so removed or carried; and if any tea, exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weight, at any one time, directed to one and the same person, (or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or partner/hip), hall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, the same, together with the camjlers, bags, and other package con tabling the same, and the ve/jels and boats and the horses and other cattle, and carriages employed in removing or carrying the same, hall be forfeited, and bau and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise: and whereas it was intended that the said forfeitures in the said clause mentioned, Should extend to all cases where tea, exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weightshould be removed or carried, or removing or carrying, in the manner in the said act mentioned, but the word Forty was by mistake infected in the said clau/e, injlead of the word Twenty: now, for correcting and amending the said mistake, be it enacted by the authority afore tea exceed That if any tea exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds itfg to pounds weight, at any one time, directed to one and the same person, weight, (not (or persons where there ate two or more in joint trade or part betng in the nership), and not being in the original chest as aforesaid,

chert in which u n u r*j, b.

it was import be f°unci removed or carried, or removing or carrying,

whether

1783.] Anno vicesimo terdo Georgii III C 70; 349

whether with or without permit, from any city, tdwn, parirti, ed)»h?chshall or place in this kingdom, not being within the limits of the b.c.. rc, !loved said weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise irf city, not London to any other place out of the limits aforesaid, not within within the bilfs the said city, town, parish, or place, from which the same shall o' mortality, be so removed or carried; all such tea, together with the ca hefor nifters, bags, and other package containing the same, and the [hc^ackage vessels and boats, and the horses and other cattle, and carriages cattle, and*employed in removing and carrying the same, shall be forfeited, carriages, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; ,

thing in the said clause in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in case any information or suit shall be commenced and If theclaimer brought to trial, on account of the seizure of any goods, mer of goods, chandizes, or commodities whatsoever, seized as forfeited by yctdi^nd any act or acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be t fllau kp« made, relating to his majesty's revenue of excise or inland du pear to the ties, or of any ship, vessel, or boat, or of any horses or other tba* the cattle, or of any carriages used or employed in removing or car of^bable rying the same, wherein a verdict shall be found for the claimer cause of fei thereof; and it shall appear to the judge or court before, whom zure, the the same shall be tried, that there was a probable cause of claimant shall seizure, the judge or court before whom the same shall be tried,

shall certify_pn the record that there was a probable cause for*the prosecutor seizing the said goods, merchandizes, commodities, ships, vessels, boats, horses, or other cattle; or carriages, as the case may be; and in such case the claimant shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatsoever, nor shall the person who seized the said goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or the said ships, vessels, or boats, or the horses or other cattle or carriages, be liable to any action, indictment, or other suit or prosecution on account of such seizure; and that in case any action, indictment, or prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to trial, against any person or persons whatsoever, on account of the seizure of any such goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or of any ships, vessels, boats, horses, or other cattle or carriages, used and employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a verdict shall be given against the defendant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom such action*or prosecution, shall be tried, shall certify on the said record, that there was a probable cause for such seizure, then the plaintiff, besides the thing so seized, or thte value thereof, shall not be entitled to above twopence damages, nor to any costs of suit, nor shall the defendant in such prosecution be fined above one shilling.

XXX And for the more effectud preventing vexatious suits against the officers of extife, and their affijlants acting under the authorities and powers to them given by the fsveral Jiaiutes made for securing the duties of excise and inland duties; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first day

A a 3 .of

35°

From Aug. i, 1783. officer not to be sued for executing their office, until after a month's notice.

Particular to be contained in such notice.

Officers may

tender

amends.

If afnend* tendered be sufficient, a verdict to be given for the defendant,

who shall be intitltd to cods, C

No evidence of the cause of action to be produced, except what is contained in the notice.

Defendant may pay money into court.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III c.70. [1783*

of August, one thousand seven hundred and. eighty three no writ shall be sued out against, nor a copy of any process served upon, any officer or officers of excise, or against any person or persons, acting by his or their order, and in his or their aid for anything done in the execution of, or by reason of his or their office, until one calendar month next after notice in writing shall have been delivered <0 him, or left at the usual place of his abode, by the attorney or agent for the party who intends to sue out such writ or process as aforesaid; in which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the cause of action, the name and place of abode of the person who is to bring such action, and the name and place of abode of the said attorney or agent, and that a see of twenty Shillings shall be paid for the preparing and serving of every such notice, and no more.

XXXI And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said officers, or other persons acting in their aid, to whom such notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any time within one calendar month after such notice shall have been given, to tender amends to the party complaining, or to his or her agent or attorney, and in case the same is not accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any adiion to be brought against him, grounded on such writ or process, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea, with leave of the court; and if upon issue joined thereon, the jury shall find the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict for the defendant or defendants.; and in such case, or in case the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or discon tinue his or heraction, or in case judgement shall be given for such defendant or defendants upon demurrer, then such defendant or defendants shall be entitled to the like cods as he would have been entitled to in case he had pleaded the general iffuo only; and if upon issue so joined the jury shall find that no amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the defendant or defendants in such other plea or pleas, then they shall give a verdict for the plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think proper, together with his or her costs of suit,

XXXII Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no plaintiff, in any case where an action shall be grounded on. any act done by the defendant, shall be permitted to produce any evidence of the cause of such action, except such as shall be contained in the notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover any verdict against such officer, or persons acting in his aid, unless he shall prove on the trial of such action that such notice was given, and that in default of such proof the defendant in such action shall recover a verdict and costs as aforesaid.

XXXIII And be it further enacted. That in case such officer, or others acting in his aid, shall neglect to tender any amends, or shall have tendered inefficient amends, before the action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him, by leave of

C the

35*

j 783.j Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 70.

the court where such action shall be brought, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he shall see fit, whereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XXXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced Limitation of against any person or persons for any matter or thing done by actions. any officer or officers of excise, or any others acting in his or

their aid, in execution of, or by reason of his or their office, such action or suit shall be brought or commenced within three months next after the cause of action shall arise, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fads were committed, and not in any other county or place; and the defendant or defendants shall and may plead the general General issue. issue, and give the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, or if, upon a verdict or demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have such remedies for the same Treble costs, as any defendant or defendants can or may have in other cases where costs are given by law.

XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any goods liable tp duties of excise, or inland du Claimers of ties, shall be .seized by virtue of or in pursuance of any ad or goods seized acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, or if menvoffiwt* any action shall be brought by the owner or claimer of any such duties, goods, against any officer or officers of excise, or for the inland duties, or any person acting in their assistance, for anything done in pursuance of any such act or acts, the proof of the payment of the excise or inland duties upon the goods so seized shall Jay upon the owner or claimer of such goods, and not on the person who seized the same, or against whom such action shall be brought.

XXXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall obstruct, affaulr, resist, Persons ob oppose, molest, or hinder, any officer or officers of excise in the Gifting offi, due execution of the several powers and authorities .given or granted to such officers by this act, every person or persons so s9offending shall (except in such cases for which other penalties are herein before directed) forfeit and lose, for every such octo forfeit 1001, fence, the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this Penalties and ad (and not herein before other wise directed) shall be sued for, forfeitures recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued applied, for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any

A a 4 of

X

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii IIL C 71* 72. [1783.

of his Majesty'* courts of record at Westminster % or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

CAP. LXXI

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of certain meffiiages* lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Kent, purchased in pursuance of an act made in the last session of parliament, to vest certain mefiuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at port(moada and Chatham.

at Geo. 3. C So. recited t and his Majesty s letters patent, dated Sept. j 7s1, appointing commifiiooers, and that the commissioners met, on Nor. XI 17s2, at the townhall of Rochester, and certain lands, C in the parish of Gillingham, and the timber thereon, valued at 4, 789!. 14 s. 3 d. but no provision made for payment. Enacted that out of the supplies granted for 1783, the sum of 4, 789!. 14s. 3d. shall be applied for making compensation for the before mentioned lands, tenements, C Surveyor general of the prdnance to make out bills to persons entitled under the decree of the commissioners. Debentures for such sums to be prepared by the clerk of the ordnance, Sec. The sums mentioned in such debentures, to be paid accordingly The sum decreed to be paid to the principal and scholars of King's Hall, Sec. in Oxford, to be laid out in purcnafe of lands, Sec. also reciting that several sums of money have been decreed to be paid into the hands of trustees, for the purposes therein mentioned, mirfuant to the wills of Thomas Fletcher and Elizabeth Proby. The said sums being 1, 6761. 14s. 3d. and 174i. 8s. to be paid to the deputy remembrancer of the court of exchequer; who shall give a discharge for the same, and certify the receipt thereof to the barons of the exchequer, call such money received by the deputy remembraneer, to be paid into the bank. Barons of exchequer, .upon petition. Sec. empowered to make orders for payment of the money received by the deputy remembraneer, or for placing it in the funds, Sec. On death or removal of deputy remembraneer, all stocks. Sec. vested in him by virtue of this, aft, shall vest in his successor, Sec. If in future there should be no deputy remembraneer, then the trusts veiled in him by this act shall vest in the remembrancer. If persons entitled to debentures shall neglect to take the same for a month after notice, they may be deposited with the clerk of the peace, See. All the lands, Sec. which have been valued as to be taken by his Majesty, shall, on? payment of such valuation, be vested in his Majesty, his heirs, C forever; and all other lands. Sec. comprised in the ncited aft, shall remain vested in their former proprietors. All the lands. Scc. in the recited act mentioned to be (ituate in the county of Southampton, and vested in Charles Wolfran Cornwall, C shall continue vested in the same persons, and their heirs. Limitation of actions to six calendar months, and the defendants may plead the general iflbe, and give the special matter in evidence, and it be recovers to have treble costs.

CAP. LXII

An act for raising.a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand leven hundred and eighty-three. -** To raise 1, 500, 000k on the same terms as in the (and tax aft.

CAP.

35i

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 73, 74.

CAP. LXXIII

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the

town and liberties ot Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop. -- Debts

above two Shillings, and under forty Shillings.

CAP. LXXIV

An act for altering the duties and drawbacks upon plain mujlins, unrated mujlins and calicoes, and nanquin clothes.

WHEREAS it is expedient to reduce the duties payable upon Preamble the importation, and the drawbacks allowed upon the exportation, of certain species of mujlins, calicoes, and nanquin clothes, for a limited time, as a means to discourage the pernicious practice of fnmggling those articles into this kingdom, which has been lately, and is now carried on, to the great loss of the public revenue, the detriment of the east-india company, and the fair trader: may it therefore

Eleafe your Majest V that it maybe enacted; and be it enacted y the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the thirty first day of August, fromaog jt, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and during the s theirn* continuance of this act, the several rates, duties, and impofi on plain" tions, payable upon the importation of plain muslins, unrated muslins, muslins and calicoes, and nanquin clothes, into this kingdom, to cease.

shall cease and determine, and are hereby repealed and made void.

II And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, in lieu and instead of the several duties hereby renew duty of pealed, there shall beraised, levied, collected, and paid, a duty i*percent, of eighteen pounds per centum, on the gross price for which such goods shall be sold by the candle at the Tales of the united com India House. pany of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, without any discount or dedudion whatsoever.

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That upon the exportation of any plain muslins, unrated Drawback to muslins and calicoes, and nanquin clothes, from this kingdom be allowed on into foreign parts, which shall be sold at the sales of the said united company after the said thirty first day of August, one s000*' thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in lieu and instead of the former drawbacks heretofore paid and allowed upon the exportation of such goods, there shall be paid and allowed to the exporter thereof, a drawback of ten pounds per centum, and no more, out of the duty paid or payable upon the importation of such goods in pursuance of this act.

IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said duty granted by this act shall be r^fed, le New doty to vied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and the draw be and back hereby granted Audi be allowed and paid, in the same drawback to

manner^allowed, in

by

354

the same manner, and sub- je to the lame regulations, as the tofmer duties and drawback.

Continuance of this a St to Aug, 3*1 >7*7'

Preamble.

Recital of s t Geo, y C 40. U a repealed.

Anno vicesimo tertio georgii III C 75. [1783-

manner and form, and shall be subject to the same rules, regulations, securities, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures in all respects '(except where any alteration is made by this act) as the former duties and drawbacks were subject and liable to by any act of parliament now in force, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, rules, regulations, securities, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, relative thereto, were again repeated and re enacted in the body of this present act.

V And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this act shall continue in force until the thirty first day of Augvjly one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

CAP. LXXV

j/tn act for repealing so much of an act made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty as took off the duties payable Upon the importation of that fpedes of blue called Smalts; and for granting relief to the owners or proprietors of tobacco, of the growth of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which jbou not be worth the duties impoftd thereon by an act of the hft feflm of parliament.

WHEREAS by on aft, made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for extending the provisions of three acts, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and in the tenth and nineteenth years of his present majesty's reign, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Injb linens exported, to British and Irish linens, British calicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, or stained in Great Britabty and to buckrams and tilletings, exported during the time therein limited; and for taking off the duties payable upon the importation of that species of blue called Smaltsj it is among other things, en*ft*d % That during the continuance of the said recited acts, no fubfuty, custom, ratty duty, or other impofuion xvbatsoever, hall be demand edy colleftedy received, or takeny upon that species of blue tailed Smalts, which Jbatl be imported into this kingdom: and whereas it is expedient that so much of the said act as took off the duties on that species of blue called Smalts, should be repealed; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice andeonfem of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said recited act shall, from and after the first day of .Augufly one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void; and all such blue, called smaltsy which, from and after the said hrft day of Augufly shall be imported or brought into any part of Great Britain shall be subject and liable to rhe same duties and impositions as they would have been subject and liable to if the fai4. tested aft had not been made; anything

[783*] Anno vicesimo tertio Gbokgii III C 355

hing therein, or in any other aa to the contrary not with landing.

II And whereas, by an act made in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to explain an act. Recital of % % made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Southeast Geo. j. C 73, cond, intituled, An act for prohibiting the planting setting, or [owing of tobacco in England or Ireland, and to permit the use and removal of tobacco, the growth of Scotland into England,for a limited time, under certain restrictions, ) it wasf amongst other things, enadtd, That though lito duties Should be paid for Jucb tobacco as were due and payable upon the importation of such tobacco of the growth and produce of the British colonies or plantations in America: and whereas there is not any provision make in the said recited adfor granting any relief to the proprietors of such tobacco in consideration of the inferior quality thereof or any accident or defect that may happen in the growth or culture of such tobacco, Jo as to render the same not marketable or worth the duties imposed thereon; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commis commission fioners of his majesty's customs at Edinburgh, or any three or r of customs more of them, to allow, and order to be paid, to the owner or proprietor of such tobacco, out of any revenue under their ma ^opdctors of nagement which is applicable to the payment of incidents, at bad tobacco the rate of fourpence for every pound weight of such tobacco, 4^. per pound for which the owner or proprietor thereof shall refuse to pay the for the e» full duties imposed by the said recited act; provided such to bebsntvfc* bacco shall be given up by him, to the proper officers of his 1

majesty's customs, to be publicly burnt, or otherwise totally destroyed by such officers; anything in the said recited a to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVL

An act for the better preventing frauds in the landing and removing of wines in this kingdom; and to prevent the relanding of refined fitgar entered for exportation to obtain the drawback or bounty.

WHEREAS the regulations prescribed by an act made in Preamble.

the twenty sixth year of his late majesty*s reign, entitled

An at to prevent wines, imported into any of the out ports of Recital of % $

this kingdom, being afterwards brought into the port of Lon Geo. a. C is.

donor parts adjacent, without paying the London duty; and

jrjeral other laws heretofore made to prevent the clandestine running

cj wine into this lingdomy have not been Jufficient to answer the good

purposes thereby intended, such illicit practises being lately much increased

and are now carried on to a great degree at several of the

out ports in this kingdom, to the diminution of the public revenue

and the prejudice of the fair merchants: for remedy whereof, may

it please your Majesty that it may be epalted; and be it enacted

by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice

and consent of the lords spiritoai and temporal, and commons,

in

356 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 76. [1783.

'in this present parliament ailembled, and by the authority of the From Sept.?, same. That, from and after the first day of September, one thou-1783, no wine sand seven hundred and eighty-three, no wine of any fortin from an" out an? ^ogfhead or ot^cr whatsoever, shall be removed or pottoh^reat either by land or by water, from any out port, creek,

Britain to any or haven, in Great Britain not being within the limits of the other part of port of London to any other town, port, or place whatsoever, the kingdom, within the same kingdom, without a certificate first had and ^r<sxtifisw^ obtained from the collector and comptroller, or the chief officers of the customs at or nearest to the town, port, or place, from which such wine is intended to be so removed, certifying that the duties due and payable for such wine had been paid at the port or place of importation, or that the same was wine sold for salvage, or that the same had been compounded for or condemned, as the case may be; referring to the time when, and the place where, such wine was entered, sold, compounded for, or condemned, and expressing the quantity and sort of wine, with the marks of the package thereof, to what place, and to whom the lame is consigned, and by what carriage, and by whpm the same is intended to be removed; which fasts shall be verified by the oath of the importer or proprietor of such wine; and if the wine is to be removed by land, the certificate shall also express and limit the time for which such certificate shall continue in force.

Oaths and certificaes to he administered, C by the collector, C without fee. All wine removed without a certificate, C shall be forfeited, with the cattle and carriages removing the same.

In case of dispute relative to removing wine, C proof to lie on the claimer.

IT. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the oaths and certificates herein before required, shall and may be administered and granted by the collector and comptroller, or the chief officers of the customs, in the manner before directed, without fee or reward.

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any wine shall be removed as aforesaid, or found removing, without the certificate herein before required, or shall not agree therewith, all such wine, and the casks or other package thereof, together with the horses, cattle, carts, wagons, boats, barges, and all other carriages whatsoever, employed, or in any ways made use of in the removing, carrying, or conveying of such wine, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs, and after condemnation, disposed of and divided in such manner as the like goods may for any other cause of forfeiture be seized, prosecuted, disposed of, and divided, by any law in force.

IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any wine shall be seized for being removed, or for being found removing, without such certificate, or any cattle or carriages shall be seized for removing, or for having been used in removing such wine, and any doubt or dispute shall arise whether such wine hath or hath not been removed, or is or is

not removing, or such cattle or carriages hath or hath not been used in removing thereof, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or

claimer

1783-] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 76. 357

claimer of such goods, and not upon the officer who shall seize or flop the same.

V And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore

id. That if any person or persons shall falsely make oath to Penalty on any of the fads herein before required to be sworn, such person person swear or persons shall, on conviction thereof, suffer the like pains andlng talfc penalties as are incurred by persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and if any person or persons shall forge, counter and on forfeit, erase, alter, or falsify, any certificate required or directed altering by this act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any cerrtl^jje#i tificate so forged, counterfeited, erased, altered, or falfified, such Kc' 5 person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs or excise as shall sue and prosecute fcfr the same in any court of record at jvcflminster % or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh respectively.

VI And whereas the large dtawback or bounty allowed upon the exportation of refined sugar from Great Britain into foreign parts, hath been and maybe an encouragement to fraudulent traders to re land such sugars in this kingdom, after the same bath been entered outwards far exportation, in order to receive the drawback or bounty thereon; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first day of Septem From Sept. r9 rone thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no draw 17*3* no back or bounty shall be allowed upon the exportation of any drawback to British refined sugar, unless such sugar shall be packed in hog expormfon^ (heads, or other calks, each of which shall contain six hundred British refined weight avoirdupois of such sugar at the lead, and shall not be sugar, unief* packed in bags, boxes, or in any other packages within such pa£kc<vfi hogshead or calk; except such sugars as shall be exported to hundred*Africa or any of the British colonies or plantations in America, weight,

and shall be packed in ironbound puncheons or calks, each of Exception, which puncheons or calks shall be capable of containing one'hundred gallons of liquor, or more; and the exporter or pro Exporter, C prietor of such sugar, together with the matter of the vessel on g»vc bond board of which the same shall be entered for exportation, shall, amountvf1* before the shipping thereof, give bond to the collector and the drawback, comptroller of the cuttoms at the port of exportation, (which for the due*bond they are hereby imppwered to take in the name and to exportation of the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors)) treble the'uch fusdr' amount of the drawback or bounty on such sugar, for the due exportation thereof, (the danger of the Teas and enemies excepted j) and that such sugar shall not be brought back or relanded, or unihipped to be relanded, in Great Britain, the lfie f Many or the iftands^of Faro or Ferro: and if such sugar so All sugar so entered for exportation, shall not be bona side shipped and ex entered, which ported on board the vessel on which the same shall be so enter 0111, 1 no* ed, or if such sugar, after the shipping thereof, shall be brought forfeited, back into this kingdom, or be relanded, or unshipped with ail with the vcf intention to be relanded, in this kingdom, (unless in case of fel, C

dittrefs

goo 2

358 Anno vicesimo tertio georgii It!. c.77. t*783-

distress to save the ship from perilling, or by order of the commissioners, or principal officers of the customs)) fogar, ten gether with the ship or vessel from which the same shall be un shipped, and the boats vessels, and all other cattle and carriages whatsoever used in the landing, removing carrying or Penalty on conveying of such sugar, shall be forfeited and lost $ and every persons assist person who shall bring back, or who shall cause or procure in in unship. such fagar to^brought back, or shall be assisting or otherwise landingt^re concerned in the bringing back, relanding, or unshipping such of. 8'sugar, or to whose hands the same shall knowingly come, after

the same shall be brought back, relanded, or unihipped, or by whose privity, knowledge, or direction, the said sugar, or any part thereof, shall be brought back, relanded, or unihipped, shall forfeit treble the value thereof: which said forfeitures and penalties shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs j and, after condemnation, disposed of and divided in such manner and form as the like goods and penalties may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, disposed of, and divided, by any law in force.

VII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the bonds herein before directed to be token for the due exportation of such sugar, shall remain undiichaigbd in the hands of the officers who took the same for three years from the dates thereof; and in case no prosecution shall be commenced for some breach or nonperformance of the conditions thereof within three years after the dates of such bonds; or if, upon such prosecution, judgement be not obtained for his ms jesty within the space of two years after the prosecution is commenced, such bonds shall be void, and shall be cancelled, but not otherwise.

VIII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority

Persons sued aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested,5£ex£cuting or prosecuted, for anything done by virtue or in pursuance ot Sead the^ge xs person anc pcrf°ns Audi and may plead the general

iffuef*neral issue, and shall give this act, and the special matter in and shall be cadence > anc if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defend entitled to ant or defendants, or the plaintiff shall discontinue his action, treble costs. or he nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him upon

demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff.

CAP. LXXVII

Bonds to remain three years in the officers hands/&c.

An act for the more effectual encouragement of the manufactuw tj flax and cotton in Great Britain.

Preamble. WHEREAS it is of confluence that the manufacturts pro vv duced from the raw materials of flax and cotton, emptying and maintaining great numbers of his Majestfs subjects, fbouli ti preftrued % promoted, and encouraged, but which are now greatly d flrufted by the high duties payable on fopt, forth, and other drtirfu

necejisrj

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 77. 35^

ntceffiarily employed and eonfumed therein; be it therefore enacted

by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of

the same. That, from and after the first day of January one From Jan. 1,

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, it shall and may be 1784, manu

lawful to and for any person or personsin the manufacturing f flaxland#°t

flax or cotton, and bringing the same to a finished date for sale, tone

or in any part of the process or progress thereof, and who shall make oath

employ, spend, and consume any quantity or quantities of fope before a pro

or starch, in the preparing, bleaching, whitening, and bringing P

of flax or cotton to a finished manufacture for sale, or in any of^ope^adc#

part of the progress of the same, (excepting fope employed, starch con

spent, and eonfumed in whitening new linen in the piece for fumed by

sale the drawbacks on which shall be and remain the same as

by any former act or acts of parliament, ) or to and for his, her, nufafture cor

their overseers or chief workmen employed under him, her,

or them, in those works, or any of them, at the end of each

year from the date of the entry herein after directed to be made,

or within six months thereafter, to make proof by the oath of

the person or persons who shall so employ, spend, or consume

the said fope or darch, or of his, her, or their overseer or chief

workman, before the collector or supervisor of excise of the district

or division, or either of 'them, where fope or darch, or

cither of them, shall be so employed, spent, and eonfumed,

(who are hereby respectively empowered arid required to administer the same; ) which said oath shall specify the kinds and quantities of the manufactures so made, prepared, whitened, or fini(hed, and the days between which and the places where the same were so made, prepared, whitened, or finished respectively, and the quantities and kinds of the fope or darch which were actually employed, spent, and eonfumed therein; and that no allowance or drawback, by virtue of this or any other act or acts of parliament, was before made to such manufacturer or manufacturers, or for his, her, or their benefit, of the duties payable for the fope or starch so specified in such oath, or any f part thereof; and that upon the making of every such oath, the Collector, out said collector of excise, out of the (honey in his hands which of the money shall have arisen for the duty upon fope, granted by an act jjf the duty made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Cn fope,

Anne, (entitled, An act for laying several duties upon all fope and granted by paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon 10 Annsc» chequered and Jlriped linens imported; and upon certain folks, collie 191 coes, linens, andfluffs, printed, painted, or flawed \ and upon several kinds of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertisements, for raising the fount of eighteen hundred thousand pounds by way of lottery, towards her Majesty's {upply 5 and for licenflng an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice; and for better securing her Majesty's duties to arffe in the office for theft amp duties by licences for marriages and otherwise \ for relief of per

font

o Anno vicesimo tertio georgii III C 77. [1783.

fons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have

lost exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock (part of the capital of the South Sea company) for the uft of and continued^public; ) and continued by an act made in the third year of by % Geo. 1. the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled,

C 7 i An act for redeeming the duties and revenues which were settled to

pay off principal and inter ejl on the orders made forth on four lottery acts, passed in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majesty's reign; and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the here ditary excifey according to a former act in that behalf; and for efta blijbing a general yearly fundy not only for the future payment of annuities at severed rates, to be payable and transferable at the bank of England and redeemable by parliament; but also to raift moneys for such proprietors of the said orders as shall choose to be paid their principal and arrears of interest in ready money; and for making gpod such other deficiencies and payments as in this act are mentioned; and for taking off the duties on linseed imported, and British linen ex shall pay to ported; ) shall, and is hereby authorised and required forthwith such manu to pay to the said manufacturer or manufacturers a drawback facturers a of the duty on fope, at the rate of three farthings for every pound at?ibpecfo°n wc, t f hard fop anci three farthings for every pound weight used; of soft fope, which shall be used and consumed in preparing and

(Exception finishing all manufactures from flax or cotton for sale, (except such fope as shall be used in whitening new linen in the piece, and out of the n order for. sale)) the said collector, out of the money in money in his his hands which shall have arisen for the duties upon starch, bands of the shall, and is hereby authorised and required to pay to the said starch'°a manufacturer or manufacturers, a drawback of the duties on drawback on starch, at the rate of one penny halfpenny for every pound all starch so weight of (larch which shall be used and.consumed in preparing used, and fini(hmg all manufactures from flax or cotton for sale, (except

such starch as shall he used and consumed in fini(hing new linen in the piece for sale)) the said collector, out of the money in his hands which shall have arisen for the duties upon starch, shall and is hereby authorised and required to pay to^the said manufacturer or manufacturers threepence for every pound weight of starch which shall be used and consumed in If collector finishing new linen in the piece for sale: in case the col jhali not have lector shall not then have money sufficient in his hands to satisfy money sue. such payments, that then, and in every such case; the respective be is to certify commioners of the excise in England and Scotland for the time the same to*being, upon a certificate thereof from the said collector (who is the commis hereby required to make and (ign such certificate, ) shall, and fionert, are hereby authorised and required forthwith to cause such payment to be made out of any moneys arising from the duty on fope, granted by the said act made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anney and continued by the said act made in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and out of the duties on starch refpcctivdy, without any further delay.

II And be^it further enacted and declared by the authority

uforebid,

73-] Aiino vicesimo tertio Georgii itl. C

aforesaid, That the owner or chief workman employed in any maniifeetu tnanufactory of flax or cotton, in order to be intirled to the ch^fwork benefit of this act, shall produce an account from his books, man to pr Opon oath, of the fope and (larch purchased by him for the use duce an ac. of his manufactory, specifying from whom tnc fatrie was pur cut, upo* chased, the quantity actually given out to be used attd consumed for the year immediately preceding, and the amount of each ftjrch used different species of goods, either raw or manufactured, in which by him in his the said fope and starch respectively has been used and contain manufactory CD and provided that each and every manufacturer of flax or lp^r j

cotton, or his or her overseer Or chief workman, shall, and arc and ^*hereby obliged and directed from time to time to keep an ac aif0 a weekly Count of all such (opt and starch respecttvdy as ftull be employ account) ed, spent, and consumed in each week, in the preparing, bleaching, whitening, and bringing of flax Or cotton to a finished manufacture for tale; and shall once in every week enter in a book, to be kept for that putpose, an account of the quantity or quantities of fope and starch so employed, spent, and consumed in each week respectively, and also of the particular species of manufacture in which such fope and starch shall have been employed, spent, and consumed; which said book, foto to be probe kept by each manufacturer, or his or her overseer or chief duwa to te workman, shall at all times, when demanded by any officer ofjr excise, be produced to such officer, to be by him perused and9infpeded, the better to prevent unjust claims of the drawback by this act granted of the duties on fope and starch; and that once in every year, or at the time that the manufacturer shall apply for the drawback of the duties granted by this act, the said book shall be delivered to the collector of excise, upon the oath of the person who kept the same, and made the entries therein, of the truth of such entries, which book (halt be left and remain with such collector.

III Provided also, That where there is*superinteridirtg wheretheriu owner, and likewise an ovcrfeet* or chief workman, each shall*six months after the expiration of the preceding year to ^0*ncy'r Which their respective claims apply, produce their accounts on seer, caxftnlt oath before the said collector of excise, who is hereby required produceaheir send empowered to adthinifter such oath; which oath shall be in accounts, on the words, or to the efsect, following: the^oucfts#

Oath for the owner, or superintending agent or manager

1a. B. owner, or one of the owners, or superintending manager, of the work tarried on at under the name or firm of do solemnly fweari

That the abjirafi hereunto annexed contains a just and true account of the quantify of fope and ftarth rcfpeflively purchased by me for the use of the said work under my management, of the quantify delivered out to toe overseer sot consumption, end of the quantity of each different species of goods upon which the said fope end starch has been ujed and consumed from the day of

Vol. XXXIV Bb to

fa Anno vicesimo tertio georgii ill C 77. £1783.

of tie day of and that to

the best of my knowledge and belief tie fold fope and Jlarch has ham charged with, and that the duty chargeable thereon has been duly paid and that neither the whole nor any part of the said duties have ham before drawn back or allowed, to the befl of my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

Oath for the overseen

I A. B. principal overseer of the work carried on at

under the name or firm of do felemnjy

swear, That the book of account which I now exhibit contains a just and true account of the quantity and quality of the fope and fiarch respectively employed, fpent9 and tonfumed in each week, in the preparing, bleaching, or whitening flax or cotton, from the day of to the day of

and that the same was actually used and aeon fumed in preparing, bleaching, whitening, or finishing flax r cotton goods for faley and not for private ufle; and that neither the wbde % nor any part of the said dutics9 has been before drawn back or allowed9to the best of my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

IV And be It further enacted by the authority aforefjud9 Importation That the whole duties of customs, payable and chargeable by duties on any act or acts of parliament on the importation of brimstone a^iahoetre an kbpetre> anc consumed in making oil of vitriol shall con fumed in*be repaid and drawn back on the oath of the maker of such oil making oil of of vitriol at the end of the year from the date of the entry bear vitriol, to t>c in after mentioned, or within six months thereafter; and a cer repaid. tificate or debenture shall be given by the collector or comptroller of the customs of the port or district within which such brhnftone and saltpetre shall have been used and consumed in making oil of vitriol, equal to the duties and customs paid upon the importation of such brimstone and saltpetre; which debenture shall be paid by thtf refpcvtive commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland, out of the money in their hands arming from the duties on brimstone and saltpetre: provided always, That the maker of such oil of vitriol shall produce a, certificate, from the collector or comptroller of the customs where such brimstone and saltpetre was imported of the same having paid the duties charged thereon.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autbo manufa&ur rity aforesaid. That no manufacturer of flax or cotton shall cn of flax and c]ajm 0r receive any benefit from this act, unless he shall have makers of oil cntcre(* his name and place of abode with the collector of excise of vitriol, to of the collection or district wherein such manufacturer shall cany enter their on his manufacture, at lead one year before making his chua, names and and shall, in such entry, specify the articles upon which a draw pwxoot back]

1783.] Anna Tkefkno tertio Georgii III C 77. 363

back it to be claimed; and that no maker of oil of vitriol shall abode with claim the benefit of this act, uplefs he shall have entered his of^xdfe^nd name and place of abode with the collector of the customs of customs. the port or district within which his work shall be carried on, at lead one year before his making his claim, and shall, in such entry, specify the articles upon which a drawback is to be claimed.

VI And it is hereby declared and enacted, That no fee, Penalty on of gjratuity, or reward whatsoever, shall be required, demanded, j*ccr**ak, nor taken, from any of the said manufacturers, or their overseers [a^ureni18"*or chief workmen, 'for making any of the payments of the said Cept 6d.'for allowances or drawbacks for fope and (larch consumed in the writing each said manufactures, or drawbacks on brimstone and saltpetre, or oath C for making or taking any of the said oaths, or granting any certificate relating thereto, except sixpence for writing every fucti oath or certificate; upon pain that any of the said officers offending therein shall, for every such offence, pay treble damages to the party aggrieved, besides costs of suit, to be recorded in such manner as any other penalties herein after mentioned.

VII Andy for the better preventing frauds and abuses in obtaining tb allowance and payments herein before mentioned, it is hereby farther efiacted. That if any manufacturer of flax or cotton, manofaclu or Sir or her chief Workman or overseer, or superintending ma fcfrf"?an!g rikger, or any maker of oil of vitriol, shall, in the oath or oaths oat^before httfefn befofe directed to be taken, swear any matter or thing mentioned, to that Shall 6e faife and untrue, with an intent to defraud his forfeit iool.

Majesty, hia heirs or successors, such person or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the Turn tone hundred pounds, to be recovered, to wit, one third part thereof to the me of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other two third parts thereof, with costs of suit, to the use of the informer or prosecutor; and if such person or persons fftatl again offend in the like kind, and be thereof duly convicted in any court of record at Westminflery or in any of the courts of Scotlondy every such person shall, for every subsequent offence, suffer such and the like pains and punishments as in cases of wilful and corrupt perjury.

VIII And be it further enacted. That if any manufacturer of flax or cotton, or his or her chief workman or overseer employed in keeping the book, in which are required to be entered the weekly consumption of fope and starch respectively, shall swear any matter or thin? that shall be false and untrue, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and be thereof duly convicted in any of the courts aforesaid, such manufacturer, chief workman, or overseer, shall, for the first offence, be committed to the common gaol of the county, city, or place, where the offender shall be convicted, therein to remain for anytime not exceeding six months; and for every subsequent offence, shall suffer such and the like pains and punishments as in cases of wilful and corrupt perjury,

B b 2 IX And

and for a second offence, shall suffer as in cases of corrupt perjury.

If any manu facturer, or his workman keeping the account of the weekly consumption of fope, CC shall (wear falsely, he shall be committed for 6 months;

and for a second offence, suffer as in cases of corrupt perjury.

3*5+

Cojumuance ot thu ad.

Preamble.

Recital of t o Geo. X e. io.

5 Geo. ». C 24.

Anno vicesimo tertio giorgh III C 7$, 79. [178$;

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this act shall continue to be m force for and during the full term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. lxxvili.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the (hiking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the (ervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty three § and for further appropriating the (applies granted in this Tdfoon of partia raent. -- -- -- 2, 100, 0001. granted out of the sinking fund.

CAP. LXXIX

An act for the further encouraging the growth of cbffee and coconuts, in his Majesty's tjlands and plantations in America.

WH E R E A S by an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the First, [entitled, An act for repealing certain duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa riuts, chocolate, and cocoa paste, imported; and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof; and for'prohibit* ing the importation of chocolate ready made, and cocoa paste j and for better ascertaining the duties payable upon. coffee tea, and coconuts, imported; and for granting relief to Robert Dalzell, late earl of Carnwath, ) it wasamongjl other things eu acted and declared, That, in lieu of certain duties, then potable by former acts, an inland duty Should be charged and imposed upon all coffee to be sold in Great Britain, from dnd after tbo twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, after the rate of two Billings per pound avoirdupois; and in that proportion for a greater or lesser quantity, over and above*all customs, fubftdies, and duties, which then remained payable to his Majesty for the same, upon the importation thereof: and whereas by an act, made in the fifth year of his late majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An act for encouraging the growth of coffee in his majesty's plantations in America, ) after reciting, there was great reason to believe, that the soil and climate of the island of Jamaica, and other British plantations in America, were proper for the growth of coffee; and that great quantities of that commodity might be produced in the said plantations, and from thence imported into this kingdom, if encouragement jbom be given for that purpose, to the great advantage of this kingdom, and of the said plantations \ therefore, for the encouraging the growth of coffee in the said plantations, and the importation of the same into ibis kingdom, it was enacted. That, from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, an coffee of the growth or product of any of the British plantations in America Should, in lieu of the said inland duties of two billing; per pound, pay an inland duty of one Shilling and sixpence, and no more, pound weight avoirdupois and in that proportion for a greater or kjfer a quantity.

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 79: 365

quantity, and that the persons nominated and appointed, by virtue

af the aid therein and herein first mentioned act, to manage and

coolest the aid inland duty arising thereby, Should, and were thereby

empowered to take and receive the sum of one Shilling and sixpence

per pound weight, and no more, for all coffee of the growth and

product of the British plantations: and whereas the lowering the

duty on coffee, the growth and product of the British islands and

plantations in America, would still more encourage the growth of

coffee in the aid islands and plantations, if the duty on coffee,

the growth and produce of those islands and plantations, Should be

further lessened: now, therefore, be it enacted by the king's

xnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of

the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, fr?m ja!l*

from and after the fifth day of January, one thousand seven the produce of

hundred and eighty-four, all coffee, of the growth and produce the British

of any of the British islands or plantations in America, shall, in island C**

of the said inland duty of one shilling and sixpence per ^mean7n)and

pound weight, pay an inland duty, of sixpence per pound weight duty of ^*6

avoirdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or Jeffer quan per pound, in

tity; and the persons nominated and appointed, by virtue of Itead of n. 6d.

the said herein first mentioned at, to manage and collect the '

said inland duty to arise thereby, shall, and are hereby impowered to take and receive the sum of sixpence per pound

weight, and no more, for all coffee, of the growth and produce

of the said British islands or plantations abovementioned; any

thinghn the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II Provided always, and be it ertaded. That the said duty of The said duty fixpehce per pound weight avoirdupois, shall be applicable to the to be appii uses and purposes contained and declared in the said acts of the ^nrion tenth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the e/inthe^ft" First; and all officers employed in managing and collecting the i0geo. 1.'same, and all persons importing, selling, buying, or dealing in fbch coffee, shall be subject to the rules, limitations, restrictions, forfeitures, and penalties, to be prosecuted, received, and divided, in the manner thereby prescribed and directed.

HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A, the That all the powers, rules, regulations, authorities, directions, ns, &c.for" ipethods, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, ra, flngand rer which, in and by the said act made in the fifth year of the reign covering the of his said late majesty King George the Second, are provided, duties granted settled, or established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, regulating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties piicable tothis thereby granted, shall beexercised, applied, used, and put in exe a ft. cution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, ascertaining, and paying, the said duty upon coffee, hereby imposed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, regulations authorities, directions, methods, clauses, penalties matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present acts

*'b 3 jv.pro*

366 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 79* [1

IV Provided alfb, and it is hereby further enacted, That ah coffee, foto be brought from the said islands or plantations, shall be imported in such packages, and in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, restrictions, and forfeiturues, as in. and by an act, made in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign (intituled, An act for the better ft curing, and further improvement of the revenues of customs, excise, inland and salt duties 5 end

ufal

Coffee import ed from the said islands, C to be in such packages, and under such regulations, as mentioned in aft 5 Geo. 3. C 43.

for encouraging the linen manufaflure of the Isle of Man need

Recital of at Geo. 3. 55*

for allowing the importation of several goods, the produce and 1 nufatlure of the said island, under certain rejlrifiions and regulate mu, ) are provided and required.

V And whereas by an act, made in the twenty first year of tit reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the com roiflioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on make; and for rectifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise imposed by the said act, ) it was enacted, That there fianu be Qnfwered and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, far ad upon all coconuts then already, or which Should thereafter be imported into this kingdom, over and above all other duties then already payable for the same at the custom house, an inland duty after the rate of eighteen pence each pound weight avoirdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or lesser quantity, subject to the additional impejl of five pounds per centum, and of five pounds per centum, in the same manner, and under the same regulations, as the addition nalduty of five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, are granted to his Majesty by two several acts, the one made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, (intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain) and and si Geo. 3. ot^er maen tw*nty-first year of his present Majesty $ reign,

C 17;(entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty

upon the produce of several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of excifer in Great Britain: ) and whereas the present high duty upon coconuts may operate to the Sf couragement of the planters: now, for encouraging the growth of coconuts in the said islands and plantations, and the importation of the same into this kingdom, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the frid fifth day of January, all coconuts of the growth and produce of any of that British islands or plantations in America, shall, in lieu of the bdtith^flandi e*ghteci* pence each pound weight avoirdupois,

9 chargeable by the said act, pay am inland duty of sixpence per

1 pound

19 Geo. 3. C S

From Jan. 5. 1784. coconuts, the produce of the

i 73*] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 79. 367

pound weight avoirdupois, and no more, for each pound weight C in ame avoirdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or Jester quan f^and°du^v o? tity; and the persons nominated by virtue of the said recited act^°

of the twenty first year of his present Majesty, to manage and pound, infteid collect the said duty of eighteen pence per pound weight avoir of is. 6d. dupois, shall, and are hereby empowered to take and receive the sum of sixpence per pound weight avoirdupois, and no more, for all coconuts of the growth and produce of the British islands and plantations abovementioned; anything in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI Provided always, and be it enacted. That the said duty The said duty of sixpence per pound weight avoirdupois shall be applicable to* applicv4 the uses and purposes contained and declared in the said act of ^*ii^8ec0il. the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty; all tained in the officers employed in managing and cplleding the same, 'and all ad of axe persons importing, selling, buying, or dealing in, such cocoa Gco* J nuts, shall be subject to the rules, limitations, restrictions, forfeitures, and penalties, to be prosecuted, received, and divided, in the manner thereby prescribed.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. From Jan. 5. That, from and after the said fifth day of January, no cocoa cobnuts to be nuts shall be suffered to be put on board any ship or vessel in put on board any of his majesty's islands or plantations in America, until the any vessel in planter or grower of such coconuts, or his known agent, shall Jbe British make oath or affirmation in writing, before two of his Ma Am'a^unfil jesty's justices of the peace, in or near to the place where the said ^plamer coconuts grew, (which oath or affirmation such justices are thereof, C hereby empowered to administer)) the same is adualjy of hasmadeoath the growth and produce of such planter's or grower's planta j{jat

tion, lying in the district, divifidn, or parish of within ohntoim

the island or colony of; which oath or affirmation plantation.

(Rail be produced to the collector, comptroller, and naval offi Suc oath to cer, or any of them, by the person or persons who shall enter be produced or ship such coconuts, before the entry and shipping thereof to the proper for Great Britain; and such person or persons shall like wise make oath or affirmation before the said officers, or any two of^anthem. That the coconuts then to be shipped are the very other oath to same coconuts, dhd no other than what are mentioned in such be taken, oath or affirmation of the planter or grower, or his known agent, as aforesaid; oath or affirmation the collector and comptroller of the customs, and naval officer, at the port where the said coconuts are to be loacted, or any two of them, are empowered to administer; and the said collector and comptroller, and naval officer, are hereby required to deliver a certificate of such affidavit or affirmation, under their respective hands and seals, to the commander or master of such ship or vessel on board of which the said coconuts are to be shipped; and the master, or person having command of such ship or vessel, shall, before clearing his ship or vessel, also make oath Master of the in like manner, that he has received such coconuts on board vessel also to his ship or vessel, and that he has no more or other coconuts be sworn,

JB b 4* i on

' vjoo^ 1c

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 79. [17$^

qn board his ship or vessel than such for which proofs shall' bp made as aforesaid, and that he will not take or receive any more coconuts on board before his arrival in Greet Britem, and making a report of his lading there; for which affidavit or affirmation and certificate, the said collector and comptroller, or naval officer, shall receive, as a fee or reward, the such of Certificates of five Shillings, and no more; and all certificates ot such affida such affida yits qr affiriqatioqs shall, by the commander or piafter of such

V "l°h? ship or vessel importing such coconuts into this kingdom, be

the pioper^ produced by such matter, or person having command of the offioerrt\s ship or vessel, to the collector and comptroller of the customs port of import the port where such ship shall unlade, at the time of making Muog, his report 5 and shall at the same time deliver to such coliedor gnd comptroller a certificate, under the hands and seals of the collector and comptroller of the customs, and nav?l officer, of the port or place where such coconuts shall have been shipped, or any two of them, testifying the particular quantities of fetch coconuts which shall be so laden, and of Vrhich such proofs shall be made as aforesaid, specifying the package or packages in which the same i contained, with the particular marks, pumbers, and'weights of each package; and the said matter shall likewise make oath, or, if he be one of the people called Quakers folemniy affirm before them, that the coconuts in the said certificate or certificates mentioned were truly taken on bojud, as in the said certificate or certificates is expressed; and that after his departure from the place or places where such coconuts, mentioned in such certificate or certificates, were laden, he did not take on board, or permit to be laden on board his said ship or vessel, either at sea or elsewhere, any parcel or parcels of copoa nuts, and that all the coconuts on board his said ship are mentioned and set forth in the said cer qpon entry of tificate or certificates j and, upon the entry of such coconuts such nuts at at the cqftom house, and paying or securing the several duties the curtom then due thereon, a mark mall be seton every pareel, denoting parcel shall be to conla*n coconuts of the growth of the British plantatn marked, to ons, and where and by what ship imported; and thereupon denote they such parcel and parcels of coconuts, so marked, shall he lodged a ctkegr?w*11 in a warehouse or warehouses, pursuant to the directions of plantations ain the tenth year of the reign af his hte

fa9majesty King George the First; and the importer or proprietor of any parcel or parcels of coconuts, or any other person who shall be employed by such importer or proprietor to make an entry with the receiver or collector of the said inland duty, shall deliver to the said receiver or collector the said certificate or certificates of the affidavit or affirmation of the growth of the said coconuts in the British plantations, made before the collector and comptroller of the customs, and naval officer, together \vith the said oath or affirmation made, as aforesaid, by the tnafter of such ship or vessel at he port where fuefi coconuts were taken on hoard, together with the oath or affirmation, or a copy thereof, made by the planter or grower before two of

3*9

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio gporgh III C 79.

his majesty's justices of the peace there, in the manner before directed; as also the said certificate of the package, marks, and numbers of the coconuts, so laden on board; which said certificate or certificates, oath or affirmation, shall remain with the said collector or receiver of the said inland duty.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That no commander, or other person having charge of any ship fomm^ndt or vessel, shall take in, or permit to suffer to be taken in, at any wboftiail take of his majesty's said islands or plantations in America, or at sea, onboard, or or in any creek, harbour, or other place in America, or shall land, in Ame. land, or suffer or permit to be landed, out of any ship or vessel riel C

in any of the said islands or plantations, any coconuts of the ££2^ growth or produce of any foreign country, (except such coconuts growth, as shall be regularly exported from Great Britain, ) on pain of exception.) forfeiting all such coconuts, and the sum of two hundred pounds, and likewise shall suffer twelve months imprisonment; such forfeiture to be sued for, recovered, and adjudged, in any court of record in any of his majesty's dominions in Europe, or in any of |iis majesty's islands pr plantations; and what shall be reco Application yered in pursuance of this act, in any court of record in any of penalties, his majesty's dominions in Europe, shall be paid, one moiety td his Majesty, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same; and what shall be recovered in the said islands or plantations, hall be divided, one third to his Majesty, one third to the governor or commander in chies, and the other third to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

IX And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Persons wear person shall falsely make any oath or affirmation, by this all di ing faifely

relied to be made, and thereof shall be legally convicted in any uo^er** "*» of his majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, or in any of the courts of admiralty in any of the said plantations where such offence was committed, such person or persons, so guilty,

Dial] forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and be imprisoned or forging a for the space of twelve months; and if any person shall forge or certificate, Ac counterfeit a certificate of the said oath or affirmation, or shall pubiifh such certificate, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, and shall be legally convicted thereof in any of the courts aforesaid, such person shall forfeit the sum of two hun r set dred pounds; and such forfeiture shall be paid, one moiety to aool. his Majesty, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same, to be recovered and divided as is before direlted and appointed. The duties

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That by this act the several duties by this act imposed on coffee and coconuts, imposed on the growth and produce of British islands and plantations, shall be subject and liable to additional duties or imposts of five be liable to pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per the additional centum, fevqrally imposed by the acts respectively made in the 5 P «"*» twenty first, and twenty second years of the reign of his pryfpnt Majesty; u^on the produce and amount thereof*19l % lf and

and % % Geo. y

370 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C So. [1783-

and that such additional duties or imports of five pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner, and under the same rules and regulations, powers and authofri ties, ways, means, and methods, as the said additional duties or imports are by the said acts of the nineteenth, twenty first, and twenty second years of his present majesty's reign, directed to be collected and paid.

Limitation of XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, actions. That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or perfens, for any matter or thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this act, such action or suit (nail be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county \ and the defendant or defendants in such General issue. action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by authority of this act; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or Treble cofti. defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXX

An atf? for appointing commissioners to inquire into tie Losses andfer vices of all fnth persons who have suffered in their rights, proper ties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dijfentions in America, in confequenct of their loyalty to his majesty, and attachment to the British government.

THERE AS, during the late unhappy dijfentions in Ame preamble** TK*9 man f j*ur Majesty's faithful subjects have, in consequence of their loyalty to your Majesty, and attachment to the British government, end their obedience to your Majesty s proclamation, and various other proclamations and manifefloes, issued by your Majesty's commissioners, generals, and governors, fuffired in their rights, properties, and prosessions, infomuch that several well deserving persons are reduced from affluence to circumstances so Jlraitentd as to require the aid of a temporary support, which has been allotted to them by the commissioners of the treasury, by annual allowances made, and oecafional assistance by films of money given to them from the revenues of your Majesty's civil list, the amount of which has hitherto been made goodbye parliament; and your faithful commons not doubting but that your Majesty's mofi earnejl endeavours will be Employed for procuring from the united ftaus of America restitution of or recompense for the estates and tffe&s of theft who have thus unhappily suffered, and intending to give all due aid and affljlance to those who may return to America for the recovery

f

37*

1783*] annp.vicesimotartio geokgh III co.

tf their formtr pofftffimtender the pro and

extend such relief to others who may, by particular circum/lanets, be

deprived of that advantage, as their respective may require, and

the publish afford, tt which end, tt is that a diligent

and impartial inquiry floould be made into the Losses and services of all ftuh per tonnes as may, within the time hernn after limited for that purpose, claim or rtqueft 'fitchaid or relief as is hereby intended to be given: We pray your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lortty spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authotity of the same. That John Hfilmot esquire, Daniel Parker Commission coke esquire, colonel Robert Kingfion, colonel Thames Dundas, r appointed and John aaarjb esquire, shall be, and they are hereby confti rated commissioners for inquiring into the respective lodes and ana fa r ices of services of all such person and persons who have differed in the American' their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy loyalist. dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British Government. -

II And be it further enacted. That anythree commissioners commission in this a named, before they enter upon the execution of the era to be lame, shall take an oath before the matter of the rolls for the time being, or one of his majesty's justices of the court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or barons of the Exchequer, (which they, or either of them, are hereby authorised and required to administer)) the form following; that is to say,

I A. B. do swear, That, according to the skill and The oath.

knowledge, I will faithfuvy, impartially, and truly execute

the several powers and trufis vejled in me by an act, (entitled.

An act for appointing commissioners to inquire into the lodes and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government, ) according to the tenor and purport tf the said act.

And every other of the said Commissioners in this act named,

shall likewise take the same oath, before the (hid three commit doners, . who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said oath as aforesaid.

III And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be commission lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, empowered, and re JJJ, quired, to examine, upon oath, (which oath they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer)) persons whom the said commissioners, or atty three or more of them, shall think fit to examine touching all such matters and things as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers veiled in the said commissionersby this a; and all such per

n \ f°n»

37*

Anno vicesimo tcrtlo Georgii III C 80. c1

Tonnes are hereby directed and required punctually to attead the said coauniltioners at such time or place as they, or any three or more of them, shall appoint.

IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the Gad commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby autho*

the office of fixed to meet and lit, from time to time, at the office of the late the late fecre secretary of Hate for the Am department, with or without tary for Ame adjournment, and to send their precept or precepts, under their hands and seals, for any person or persons whatsoever, and fix Their powers. f^ch books, papers, writings, or records, as they shall judge rac ceflary for their information in the execution of the powers veiled in the said commissioners by this act; and the Cud cotn missioner, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to appoint and employ such clerks, meftengers, ana officers, as they shall think meet; which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the trull in them Severally and respectively reposed, without taking anything for such their service, other than such salary or reward as the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to direst and appoint in that behalf.

V And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if it shall appear tq the said commissioners that any person shall have delivered to. them an account or claim beyond the real lost, with an intent to obtain more than a just compensation, the said commissioners shall, with all convenient dispatch, report such account or claim, with the evidence taken thereupon, to the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, who are hereby authorised to make such further enqqiry upon the case as they (hal think proper; and if they, or any three of them, shall be of opinion that such amount or claim is fraudulent, then such person shall be absolutely excluded from any compensation or provision whatsoever.

Person will VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fully giving That in case any person or persons, upon examination upon talle evidence, oath before the said commissioners respectively, as before men to tioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give falie evidence, every of corruptuch person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, perjury. shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as, by any law now in being, persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

VII And be it further enacted, That no claim or request of any person or persons for aid or relief on account of the loss of any property during the late dissensions in America, shall b: received after the twenty-fifth day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four.

VIII And be it further enabled, Thqt the said com million their proceeders shall, from time to time, at their diicretion, or as often as treafur th*nd tf*ey shall be thereunto required, and as soon as polfible t«tthe were after the determination of their examinations and proceedings tarie of state. by virtqe of this act, without any further requifition, give aoafr

n. count

Per (baa who

deliver i fraudulent claims, to be excluded from any compen non

Limitation of the time for receiving claiins.

Com million ers to give an account of

37}

1783*] .Anno vicesimo tertio (jedrgii III fc r, 82.

count of their proceedings, in writing, to the lords commifll oners of his majesty's treasury, and to his majesty's principal fccretaries of date for the time being.

IX And be it further enacted, That the lords commissioners Treasury to of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, are pay ft|oooi. hereby authorised and required to iflfue and cause to be paid all to the order such lums of money, not exceeding two thousand pounds, to f com facb person or personas the said commissioners, or any three

or more of them, shall, by writing under their hands, desire or direct, out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his majesty's exchequer; which sum so issued and paid^ be employed for the payment of clerks, meffengfers, and ed in paying other officers, and in defraying all other ncccflary charges in or clerks, mef about the execution of the powers of this act, and in such man f<n, eri iter and in such proportions, as shall be appointed by the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, by writing under their hands and seals in that behalf; the same to be accounted for, by the person or peffons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according' to the course of his majesty's exchequer without any fee or other charges to be taken on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said commission era, or any three or more of them, shall appoint.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, In call of ta that in cafebf a vacancy or vacancies, by death or resignation cancy, by

of anyone or more of the said commissioners, during the recess death, Scc. of of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to no er^tngthe minate and appoint such person or persons as he may think pro re£cft of par per to supply such vacancy or vacancies; ^hd that every jperson liamtnt, his so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be Majesty may inverted with all the same powers as are delegated to the commissioners appointed by this act.

XI And be it further enacted, That this a A shall continue Continuance in force for two years from the passing of this act and no of this act longer

CAP. LXXXI

An act for preventing the exportation of corn, grain, or meal, with a bounty, daring the operation of two aas passed in this present session of parliament for allowing the importation of corn.

Recital of cap. i. of the present session. No bounty to be paid on exportation of corn from England, befote Aug.6, 1783; nor from Scotland, before Sept.6, 1783. Recital of C 53, of the present session. No bounty to be paid on exportation of corn from certain comities in Scotland, during the allowance of importation by the King and council.

CAP. LXXXII

An act for efablishing certain regulations in the receipt of bit ma jejifs exchequer.

WHEREAS it appears, from the reports made by the tom preamye> mijfontrs appointed tt examine, take and fate the public

accounts

374

Anno vkefinxhertio Georgia III c.82, [1783;

accounts of the kingdom that in tbi receipt of his Mtjejly's exchequer there are several ufelefsy expensive and unnecejfary offices 5 and that the emoluments artfing from other of the offices in the said re tetpt of ixcbequer, are become excefftve\ and that the mode of peering the officers by allowances, sees and gratuities, is inconvenient both to the pubic and to individuals: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by (he King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this pretent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the tame. That the several offices of the two chamberlains, the tally cotter, and of the uther of the exchequer, shall, from and after the death, (offender, forfeiture, or removal, of the prefect pofiefiors of such offices respeairdy, and after the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the persons respeaively entitled thereto, after the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the prefect pofleflbrs, be abolished.

II And be it enacted, That, upon the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the two chamberlains in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, instead of the tally now in use to

_.... denote the receipt of money at the said receipt, there shalt be

to bp abioiifh substituted an indented cheque receipt of each futn so received;

which receipt shall be made out by the officer of the auditor attending in the tally court, signed by him, and by the officer of the clerk of the pells; and upon paffing any account of money received, the receipt shall be produced, together with the account, and examined with the counterfoil of the cheque in the office of the auditor; and the account shall be compared with the entry in the office of the auditor, and with the record

The offices of the two' chjunber lainv, tally cutter, and usher of the exchequer, after the death, See. of the present pofldtors, and those entitled after them.

Upon the, death, CC of the chamberlains, an indented cheque receipt to be

stead of the tally nqw used, C

Upon the death. See

a t*lc CC f the clerk of the pells, and the truth of the account shall be certified by the officers checking the same; and the custody of one of the keys to the tellers chests, the standard weights and measures, and the fiandard pieces of gold and hiver, shall be committed to the auditor of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer; any former usage or custom to the cod trary notwithstanding.

III And be it enacted, That, upoir the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the uber of the exchequer, and up of the present on the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the per jjflier, f son entitled to the said office, after the death, surrender, for suchnecefary ^citurc? or removal, of the present pofleflbr of the said office, articles^the chief or presiding officer, in each respeaivc office in the which have said receipt of exchequer, shall supply his office with all such been provided necessary articles as have been heretofore provided by the u(ber ffialfbe sup the rccc*pt 5 an such chief or presiding officer shall be allowed such annual sum of money, for and in lieu of all such oeceflary articles, so heretofore provided by the usher of the said receipt, as shall be appointed tty the commissioners of his Ma

hall be supplied by the presiding officer in each office.

jefl^s treasury.

Act th d - X T And be it enacted, That, from and after the detenni terminafan'of nat*on f the interest of each of the four tellers in the receipt the interest of of his majesty's exchequer, the office of second clerk to each u % respeaivc

1783-] Anno vicesimo tertio GEORGII III C 82. 375

respective teller shall be, and the same is hereby aboihhed; and the teliers, the proportion of fees, now belonging to such second clerks, he ce °£ Hull be carried so, and made part ol the moneys herein after abouih directed to be reserved for the purposes in this act mentioned, ed.

V And be it enacted, That from and after the death, for After the render, forfeiture, or removal, of the present auditor, of the pre death. cof font clerk of the pells, of any or either of the four teliers, or two the present chamberlains of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, the clerk of the payment of all salaries, sees, allowances, perquigtes, gratui y C ties, and emoluments, to the said several officers in the receipt the payment of the exchequer, shall cease and be difconjinued; and that gratuities, in lieu and instead thereof, there shall be paid to the auditor (officers the sum of four thousand pounds per annum; to the chief clerk shall cease. erf the auditor, one thousand poundsper annum, to the clerk Certain sums of the pells, three thousand pounds per annum; to the first clerk to be paid to the clerk of the pells, eight hundred pounds per annum; to tj*em the firs clerk to the clerk of the pells, as, receiver of the money thereof arising from, the fees herein after directed to be received, two hundred pounds per annum; to each of the four teliers, two thousand seven hundred pounds per annum; to each of the first clerks to the said four teliers, one thousand pounds per annum: and the said auditor, clerk of the pells, and four tellers respectively, are hereby empowered to appoint such other clerk and officers, to assist in their respective offices, as they shall judge necessary 5 and such clerks and other officers shall be paid such Jalarie* out of the fees hereinafter directed to be received for their trouble and attendance in the office aforesaid, as to the said auditor, clerk of the pells, and four tellers rcfpeftiyejy,

shall appear fit and proper; subject, nevertheless, to the con troul and approbation of the commifliooers of his Majesty's treasury for the time being; which shall be accepted by them in lieu of all fees, allowances, gratuities, and emoluments, heretofore paid to or received by them; and such salaries as afore After which laid shall be paid and payable out of the fees herein after di offices re rested to be received; and if any of the officers aforesaid (ex))

the person or persons herein after directed to receive such soil forfcfc fees) (hs^il receive, or demand any fees, allowances, gratuities, their offices qr emoluments, every such officer so offending, shall be adjudged tp have forfeited his office, and his office is hereby declared to be forfeited accordingly; and being convicted thereof in due form of law, shall moreover be subject and liable to the penalties inflicted by law for extortion

VI And be it enacted, That upon the death, surrender, On death, see. forfeiture, or removal, of any or either of the four tellers or of teliers, or two chamberlains of the said receipt of exchequer, the pro ho^their^r* portion of fees belonging to the respective officer so dying, fur portion or" rendering, forfeiting, or being removed, shall be carried to fees shalt be and made part of the moneys arising from the fees herein after disposed of. directed to be reserved for the payment of the several sums di jrcrfted to be paid by this act; and the officer who shall fuoceed to the respective office, so vacant by death, surrender, forfeiture.

37

Anno vicesimo teftlb Georgii III C 82. [ 783.'

Clauife relative to the tally cotter and hit demure,

or removal as aforesaid, his respective deputy and clerks, shall be paid their respective fabrics, herein before directed to be allowed to them refoeftively, out of such moneys so directed to be reserved as aforesaid.

VII And be it enacted, That in case of the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the tally cutter, before the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the two chamberlains, the said office of tally cutter shall be discontinued, and the duty of such office shall be executed by the deputy of such tally cutter, who shall be paid his salary or allowance out of the moneys so reserved as aforesaid, and the fees and gratuities now paid to and received by the. tally cutter shall be carried to anil made part of the moneys arising from the fees herein after directed to be reserved for the payment of the several Aims directed to be paid by this act.

VIII And be it enacted. That all taxes, to which the officers aforesaid are now subject, shall be paid out of the moneys arising by the fees herein after directed to be received.

IX And be it enacted. That, the same sees and gratuities that are now allowed and taken by the several and respective officers aforesaid, shall (till continue to be paid and received by the first clerk to the clerk of the pells, who is hereby authorise] and appointed to receive the same, or, in his absence, by the next senior clerk in the pell office, who shall give such security for duly accounting for the same, as shall be approved of by the commissioners of his majesty's treasury for the time being; and a particular and distinct account shall be kept thereof, and shall be accounted for to the commissioners of his Majesty»s treasury for the time being, who are hereby required

iwi how to

be paid.

Fees to whom to be paid;

applied.

Houses appropriated for the oft of the auditor and other officers, shall, after their deaths, C be vested in his Maju

ro direst the surplus, if any shall remain after the payment of the respective sums herein before directed to be paid. to be carried to the account of the moneys applicable to the uses of his majesty's civil government, and to the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, in the proportions following; that is to say, one third part thereof to the account of the moneys applicable to the uses of his majesty's civil government, and the remaining two third parts thereof to the said sinking fund; but in case the fees, herein before directed to be reserved for paying the several Turns directed by this act to be paid thereout, shall not be sufficient to answer and pay the same then, and in that case, the same shall be paid and payable out of the moneys applicable to the uses of his majesty's civil government, and out of such of the moneys of the said sinking fund as are not directed to be applied by any act or acts of parliament, in the proportions herein before mentioned.

X And be it enacted, That the houses at present appropriated for theufe of the auditor, the four teliers, and of thenfher of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, shall after the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal, of the present officers, or any or either of them, be no longer annexed to their respective on ficcs, but shall be vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

XI And

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 83.' 377

XI And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of No office in this at, it shall not be lawful to grant any office in the receipt j*1ext fiequer of his Majesty's exchequer, either in possession or reversion, c°nt*ary* in any other manner than subject to the directions of this act. this aftf

cap. lxxxiii

An act sot granting relief to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by allowing further time for the payment of certain sums due, and to become due to the public, and by advancing to the said t company, opt the terms therein mentioned, a certain sunt of money to be raised by loans or exchequer bills; and to Enable the said company to make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the proprietors at Christmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and to regulate the future payment of debentures of drawbacks on east-india goods i

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of Erigland Preamble trading to the East Indies, Jland indebted to his Majesty, for customs on goods imported, in sundry sums of money, amounting together to the sum offix hundred forty four thousand seven hundred forty-three pounds, seventeert Billings, ahdmvo pence, after making certain deductions and allowances, to which by lav) the said company are intituled, on due payment of the said customs on or before the respective days on which the same become due $ which said customs became due at the several and respective times herein after mentioned; (that is to say), the sum of one hundred sixty three thousand Recital of the three hundred sixty seven pounds, twelve billings, and fourpence, fa* due part thereof, on the first day of December, one thousand seven hunhc dred and eighty one; the sum of one hundred ninety one thousand ht^majesty*, eight hundred sixty eight pounds, four billings, and eight pence, other part thereof, on the twenty-third day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the sum of fifteen thousand nine hundred thirty-one pounds, and seventeen billings, other part thereof, on the twenty fetond day of February, one thousand seven hundred and'eighty two; the sum of two thousand one hundred and fifty pounds, four billings, and even pence, other part thereof, on the twenty-third day 0/ February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the sum of twenty-three thousand one hundred forty eight pounds, four Billings, and saur pence, other part thereof, on the twentyfixth day February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two; the sum of forty-two thousand one hundred and five pounds, £x/hillings, and ten pence, other part thereof, on the twentieth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and the sum of two hundred and six thousand one hundred seventy two pounds, seven Billings, and five pence, residue thereof, on the first day of June, one thousand seven Imndred and eighty-three: and whereas the said united company will become further indebted to his Majesty for Other customs on goods, before the tenth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty three in further

you XXXIV C C

378 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii lit. C 83. [1783;

of money, to the amount of two hundred and seventy thousand pounds, or thereabouts: and whereasy by means of the said customs, already due and hereafter to become duey not being paid at the respecttve times the same became due orjball become duey as aforesaid, the said company y besides losing the benefit of the said deductions and allow ancesy are and will be liable so pay inter efi for the same, at and after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum: and whereasy by an act made in the twenty fir(i year of the reign of his present Recital of Majesty, (intituledy An ast for establishing an agreement with1 Geo. Ill, the united company of merchants of England trading to the cap East Indiesy for the payment of the sum of four hundred thousand

pounds, for the use of the public, in full discharge and satisfaction of all claims and demands of the public from the time the bond debt of the said company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, until the first day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies 5 and also for securing to the public in respect thereof, for a term therein mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear revenues and profits of the said company; and for granting to the said company, for a further term, the foie and exclusive trade to and from the East Indies, and limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the said company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the military forces of the said company it was amongst other things enactedy That the sum of four hundred thousand pounds Jbouldy by the said united company, be paid into the receipt of his Majestfs ex chequery at the times and in the proportions therein mentioned the lost*of which payments was of the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, and

was to have been made on the first day December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one for the use of the publicity as therein is mentioned; and in case the said united company should make failure in any of the said payments, on or before the days therein mentioned, then the money whereof such failure in payment should be made, should bo recovered to his Majesty's use by such action or suit as therein is mentioned; and upon such action or suit there should be further recovered to his majesty's use, against the said united company, damages after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annum, for the re fpeftivt moneys Jo unpaid contrary to the said act, together with full softs of suit: and it was thereby further enactedy Thaty from and after the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, for and during so long time as the said united company, under the authority of that act, should be in tit led to the whole, foie, and exclusive trade and trajfick in, to, and from the East Indies, and places aforesaid, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and, oxpences attending the same, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, after providing for? the current payment of inter efi, and other outgoings, charges, and expenses of the said 'company, should from time to time be disposed of and applied in manner

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 83.

ner therein and herein after mentioned; (that is to say), it Should be lawful for the said united company to Jet apart and retain, in the first place, in each and every year, such sum as Should be equal to eight pounds per centum per annum, upon the capitaljlock of the said united company of three millions two hundred thousand pounds; and in case there Should remain a fur plus of the said clear revenues and profits, above the said sum of eight pounds per centum per annum, foto be retained by the said united company as aforesaid, three fourth parts of such surplus profits Should be fet opart and applied for the use of the publitk, and the remaining one fourth part thereof fiouli be reserved and retained by the said united company for their own use: and it was thereby further enacted, That it Should be lawful for the said united company to apply such money as they were therein before authorised to retain to themselves, and also other money in the said act mentioned, in the payment of dividends to the proprietors of the fiofk of the said united company, not exceeding the rate of twelve pounds and ten billings per centum per annum, provided the bond debt of the said united company did not at any such time exceed one million five hundred thousand pounds; and provided that they did not increase the present dividend of eight pounds per centum per annum more than at the rate of one pound per centum in each and every year; and, in order to ascertain the yearly net profits arising from the said united company's trade and revenues, it was further enabled. That the said united company Should cause to be made up yearly, for each and every year, during the term therein mentioned, with as much accuracy as the nature of the case would admit, a fiatement of the profit and loss upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said united company, together with a state of the debts of the said united company in England, from thefirfi day March in every year, to the first day of March in each succeeding year which said account was to be signed and delivered to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, as therein is mentioned: and whereas a fiatement hath been duly made up of the profit and loss upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said united company from the first Day of March, one thousand even hundred and eighty-two, to the first day of March, one thousand feveil hunirtd and eighty-three; whereby it appears, that the net profits of the said united company in that year did not amount to so much as a dividend upon the stock of the said united company at the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, by the sum of two hundred fifty five thousand eight hundred and thirteen pounds: and whereas the payment of the said sum of six hundred forty-four thousand seven hundred forty-three pounds, /eventeen Billings and twopence, which became due for customs at such several limes as heretn before are mentioned, and of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, which became due on the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eight one, bath been pofiponed, and further time allowed for the payment thereof until the tenth day of August, one thousand even hundred and eighty-three, by the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, pursuant to power to them for that purpose given in and by an act made in

C C % this

380 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 83. [1783.

Kecital of tjjfo present session of parliament, (entitled, An act to discharge the present an indemnify the united company of merchants of England leflion. trading to the East Indies, from all damages, interest, and Losses, in respect to their not making regular payment of certain sums due, and to become due, to the public, and to allow further time for such payment; and to enable the company to borrow a certain sum of money; and to make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the proprietors at Midjummer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three); and by the same abt, in order to give a temporary relief to the said united company, in respetf to their commercial debts, it was enabled, That it should be lawful for the said united company to borrow money upon, and ijjue bonds under their common seal, as the affairs of the said company might require, not exceeding the sum of five hundred thousand pounds beyond the amount of the company's then present bond debt: and whereas the issuing of such bonds tts aforesaid will increase the said company's bond debt beyond the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds: and whereas, by means of the expenses of the wars and boflilities in India and in Europe, the said company is become much difireffed in their affairs at home: upon confederation whereof t it is found neccjfary to grant further relief to the said company, by allowing further time for the payment of the said debts, due and to become due to his Majesty, and by lending the said company a further sum of money, as herein after mentioned; and it is fit and expedient that the said company should be allowed to conlinne their pre' Jent dividend at Christmas next, at the rate of eight pounds per

centum per annum; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present commufion parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That ers of the it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his trowerevto" Majesty s treasury for the time being, or any three or more of auowthe10 them, to postpone and allow further time for the payment of company fur the said sum of six hundred forty-four thousand seven hundred there time for forty-three pounds, seventeen Shillings, and twopence, which the fient became due for customs at such several times as herein before

and^become arc mentioned, and of the said sum of one hundred thousand

due, to his pounds, which became due on the first day of December, one

Majesty, thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and to allow time for

payment of such sums as shall become due for customs before the tenth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or any part or parts of the said several sums respectively, unto such time or times as they shall think 6t, not exceeding forty days next after the commencement of the next session of parliament; and if the said united company do and shall pay the said sums respectively, at such time or times to which the said payments, or any part thereof respectively, shall be postponed as aforesaid, the same shall be accepted and received in like manner as if the said sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective days on which the

said

1783.j Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 83. 381

said funis became due; and the said united company, upon such payment at such postponed time or times, shall be freed and discharged from all damages, interest, and Losses, which they became liable to by means of not having made the said payments respectively at the several times on which the same became due; and shall be entitled unto, and have the same discounts, allowances, and advantages, as if the said sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective days on which they became due; anything in the said recited acts, or any other act or acts of parliament, in any wise notwithstanding.

II Andy in order to give further relief to the send united com fanj in respect to their debtsy and the better to enable them to pay the same, we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and Commissioners be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall ?f the treasury and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his majesty's j^a^w/xchc ° treasury now and for the time being, or any three or more of quc^bifls to" them, or for the high treasurer for the time being, and he and the amount they respectively are of is hereby authorised and empowered, of 300, 0001.$ at any time or times before the tenth day of October, one thousand Seven hundred and eighty-three, by his or their warrant or warrants, to direct, or cause to be prepared and made, at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, any number of exchequer bills, for such Sum or sums of money as he or they shall think most proper and convenient, so as all the principal sums to be contained in the bills foto be made forth by virtue of this act, do not exceed in the whole the Sum of three hundred thousand pounds, (exclusive of any exchequer bills that are or may be made forth by virtue of any other act or acts passed in this session of parliament, for the public service); to bear an in and the said exchequer bills, foto be made forth in pursuance percent, of this act, shall bear an intered not exceeding the rate of per annum,four pounds and fifteen Shillings per centum per annum, and pro portionably for any greater or less sum to be contained therein,

1 to be payable to the bearers thereof respectively; which said exchequer bills shall be made out in the like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and directions, as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand Jcven hundred and eighty three), are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills authorised to be made forth in The bills to pursuance of the said act; and the commissioners of his Ma be delivered jesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or to the court more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are directors, or is hereby authorised and empowered to direct the said ex C chequer bills to be delivered to or to the order of the court of diredors of the said united company, to be by them passed away and negotiated for the purpose of raising money to pay

gc^edbyx

In the land tax act of this session,

ball be applied to the

bi'ls to be made in pursuance of this act.

Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again In payment of any taxes.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 83. [1785#

the debts, and to answer other the occasions and affairs of the said company.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. All the That all and every the dauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, reut^lroex vantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained chequer bills, " n kft mentioned act, relating to the exchequer bills

-- -- -- j authorised to be made out by the same ad, (except such clauses

as do charge the same on the duties granted by the same a, and except such daufes as limit the rate of interest to be paid (except, C for the forbearance of the money lent on the credit of the fid ad, and also except as herein after is mentioned), shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made forth in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said lad mentioned act, or as if the said Teveral clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this act.

IV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills, to be made out by virtue of this act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued ?t the receipt of the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the sixth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, received, or pass or be current to any receiver or collector in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his neirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other perfop or persons, bodies politic or corporate, othersvife or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such oills, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment before the said sixth day of April nor shall any receiver or collector exchange, at any time before the said sixth day of April, for any money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money, before the said sixth day of April; anything in the said act, made in this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raijed in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or in this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all such exchequer bills, together with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by and out of the moneys to be paid

nor exchanged before April 6, 1786.

Action not to lie for suchrefufa).

Money (b raised to he repaid out of the moneys to be paid into

the exchequer into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, by the united com by the East nonv

India company

pany of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in the manner and at the times herein after directed and appointed;

i and

1785*] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 83, 3s3

and in case such moneys, foto be paid into the receipt of the and if aiffi exchequer, shall not be fufticient to' satisfy and discharge all j*the principal moneys contained in such exchequer bills, toge paid before gether with all the interest, premium, rate, and charges, in April 6, 1786, cident to and attending the same, and that shall incur and grow due thereupon before the said sixth day of April, then, and in to be charged such case, the said exchequer bills, or such part thereof as shall on the i^ext remain unsatisfied and uncancelled, together with all the in parliamentary terest due and to grow due thereupon, and all other charges*and expenses incurred, or to be' incurred, in respect of the same exchequer bills, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the first aids or supplies that shall or may " j be granted by parliament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and in case sufficient aids and cqi\^ or supplies for that purpofcfbafl not be granted before the fifth raijy on the day of July one thpuland seven hundred and eighty six, then sinking fund, all the said exchequer bills, together with the in terest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same,

shall be, and ixt hereby charged and chargeable upon such moneys as, at dny time or times at or before the said fifth day of Jufyj shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusles, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund,

(except such moneys of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf); and such moneys of the said sinking fund shall and may be ifiiied and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such exchequer bills so remaining uncancelled and unpaid, together with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

VI Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall be so illued out of the Moneys fois said surplusles, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues (bed out of the compbfing the said sinking fund, shall, from time to time,

replaced by and out of the first aids or supplies to be then after qut of the first granted in parliament. supplies.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and com Bank author pany of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty, rized to ad at the receipt of the exchequer or to the salt) united company, vance the said upon the credit of the exchequer bills directed to be made forth cross this by virtue of this act, any sum or sums of money, not exceed a ing in the whole the sum of three hundred thousand pounds;

anything in an act, made in the fifth and sixth years of the gul&mari* reign of king William and queen Mary, intituled, An act for notwithstand granting to their Majesties fiveral rata and duties upon tonnage of ing.

ships and vessels, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for securing certain recommences and advantages in the said act mentioned to such

C 0, perfm

384 Anno vicesimo tert'10 Georgii III C 83'. [1783;

persons as Shall voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII And whereas, in the present circumstances of the East

X India company, it will not be in their power to provide for the pay

ment of the said debts due to his Majesty, or for the repayment of such loan at aforesaid, and for again reducing their bond debt to one million five hundred thousand pounds, (which is expedient to be done), unless the public Should agree to forego for the present, all participation in the profits arising from the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, in order that provifkn may be made for such payments as aforesaid; be it therefore further How the pro enacted by the authority aforesaid, That until the said debts fits arising due l0 h; s Majesty shall be paid, the said sum of three hundred ritorial acmri thousand pounds repaid, and the bond debt of the said com fitions, and Pany be again reduced to one million five hundred thousand the trade of pounds, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial ompany, acquisitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and ex pences attending the same, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payments of interest, and other outgoings, charges, and ex pences, of the said company, and for such dividends to the proprietors of the stock of the said company as they shall be entitled or allowed to make, receive, and take, shall from time to time be djfposed of and applied in manner following; that to say. In the first place, in diminution and payment of the frid debts due to his Majesty, until the same shall be fully paid; and afterwards in diminution and payment of the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds, and interest, and for defraying the charges incurred in respect thereof; and then in reducing the bond debt of thp said company until the same shall be reduped to one million five hundred thousand pounds.

IX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That after the said debts due to his Majesty shall be paid, and until the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds shall have been repaid, the said united company shall from time to time pay, or cause to be paid, into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, such surplus of the clear revenues qnd profits of the said company as is herein before directed to be applied in such payment; which said payments shall be made as often as the said company shall have money which can be appropriated for that purpose; and the same shall be applied, in the first plape, for answering and paying all such interest, premium, rate and charges, as shall have grown due in respect of the exchequer bills made out, issued, and circulated as aforesaid; and in the next place, as far as the same will extend, for paying off, cancelling, and discharging, all such of the said exchequer bills as shall then remain uncancelled.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

-, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said united

pa^'pwccen<r company to set apart apd apply at Christmas next, so mncji

fnoqey

uidii uc ap

After the debts due to his Majesty are paid, the surplus profits of the company to be paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

Company

1783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III c.84, Sf. 385

money as shall be equal to four pounds per centum on the capi for the next tal of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, as and for a dividend to the proprietors of the (lock of the said company for half a year, from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said deficiency of two hundred fifty-five thousand eight Deficiency of hundred and thirteen pounds, appearing in the said annual account made up to the first day of March, one thousand seven account" ©011 hundred and eighty-three, shall be carried forward as a charge be carried for in the account of the present year. ward as a

XII And whereas [undry drawbacks ef part of the duties of charge in this cvftoms payable on east-india goods are allowed on the exportation ac "

of jucb goods from this kingdom the debentures for which drawbacks are often paid to the east-india company as cajb, in part of payment of goods sold at the company9s Jqles: and whereas the Jiaid debentures cannot be received and allowed by the officers of his majesty's customs in payment of any duties of lujloms other than the customs due for the same species of goods for which the said debentures are made by reason whereof the [aid company are often obliged to keep the said debentures for a great length of time; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all and Clause rela every debentures, for payment of any drawbacks of the duties tyre to pay of customs on east-india goods, shall at all times be received en"tu^; from the united company of merchants of England trading to drawbacks on the East Indies, by the officers of his majesty's customs, in pay east-india ment of any kind of duties of customs due from the said goods, united company on east-india goods, in like manner as if such debentures were paid in for duties of customs due on the same kind of goods therein mentioned and contained.

CAP. LXXXIV

An act to enable his Majesty to raise a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, to pay off and discharge the debts due and owing on the civil list. — To raise 55, 000!. as in the land tax aft.

CAP. LXXXV

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity for the use of the right honourable sir George Augustus Eliott, knight of the most honourable order of the Bath, in confederation of the eminent fcruices performed by him to his Majesty and this country.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty by your most gracious meffiage Preamble.

to your faithful commons has been pleased to signify your dejire of conferring same signal mark of your royal favour upon lot right honourable fer George Augustus Eliott, knight of the most

386 Anno vicesimo tcrtlo Georgii III c.85. £1783.

honour abb or dor of the bath, for the very distinguished and important services performed by him to your Atajefly and this country, by hit brave and gallant defence of Gibraltar, and for that purpose to grant to the said sir George Augustus Eliott, for the term of his list, and for the life of his son, Francis Augustus Eliott, an anmdty of one thousand five hundred pounds per annum; but that it mot bring in your Majesty's power to grant the same, or to settle the fold annuity beyond the term of your Majesty's own life, recommended it to the house to conftder of a proper method of enabling your Majtjly to grant the said annuity, and of settling and securing the same in the most effectual manner for the benefit of the said sir George Augustus Eliott: We, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subje6b, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, duly considering your majesty's most gracious intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with' the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au a life annuity thority of the same. That the said sir George Augufius Eliott, his of 1, 5001 per executors, administrators, and assigns, shall have, receive, and ann. settled on enjoy, at the receipt of the exchequer, for and during the na auguftus6 tura* ives feid sir George Augustus Eliott, and of his

Eliott, and son, Francis Augustus Eliott, for and during the natural life of

his son the longer liver of them, one annuity, or yearly tent or sum of

frftk^fi^u" onc thousand five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great

guitus iottj Britain, out of, and charged and chargeable upon, she duties and revenues which compose the fund, commooly called The'Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and Turns of money as have been directed by any former a or as of parliament to be paid out of the same; but with preference to all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable to commence out of the said aggregate fund; ) which said annuity, or yearly fron "s«pj*, 3« rent or sum, shall commence and take effect from the thirteenth be^paidqus^September, which was in the year of our Lord one thou terlyt**fond seven hundred and eighty-two; the first payment to be

computed from the said thirteenth day of September, which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until the fifth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the four usual days of payment in the year; that is to say, the tenth day of October, the fifth day of "January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in each and every year, by even and equal portions.

The annuity II And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore to be paid at said, That it shall and may, be lawful to and for the commissi the exche oners of his majesty's treasury now being, and the high trea without surer and unde treasurer of the exchequer, od commissioners of the treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorised and required, by warrant under their hands, to direct the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time j

being,

by

1783.7 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 85. 387

jeing, to make forth and pass debentures, from time to time, for paying the said annuity, or yearly rent or sum of one thoq sand five hundred pounds, as the same Shall from time to time become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof j which said warrant, and the debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient authority to the federal and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time being, for the payment of the said annuity, or yearly rent or sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, to the said sir George Augustus Eliott, his executors, administrators, and assigns, at the respective quarterly feast days in this act before appointed for payment thereof, without any. further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf.

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Jhe warrant said. That after signing of such warrant, the same shall be good, otteeannukf valid, and effectual in law, according to the purport and true not to be demeaning thereof, and of this act, and shall not be determinable terminable or revocable by or upon the demise of his Majesty, (whom God up?n tfh*.de* long preserve!) or of any of his heirs or successors, or by or up majesty&c. on the death or removal of any of the said commissioners of 1.

the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office, or offices of them, or any of them.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commissio that the commissioners of the treasury now being, and the high treasurer of the treasury for the time being; , chancellor and un chancellor of der treasurer, chamberlains and barons of the exchequer, and the exche all other the officers and ministers of the court of exchequer, qur "» of the receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, Jhinw necef and they are hereby authorised and (triftly enjoined and requir fary for the ed to do, without fee or reward, all such acts, matters, and execution of things, as are herein before dirpfted and required, or shall be thi* aft, with necessary to be done and performed by them or any, or either oot**

of them, in order to render this act, and the several payments hereby directed, effectual.

V And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the ac phe receipt

Quittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of the said sir of sir George 'rtorge Augustus Eliott, his executors, administrators, and af Augustus signs, or of such other person or persons as shall be entitled pr Eliott> h authorised to receive the said annuity, pr yearly rent or sum, or any part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient discharge for Cient dif the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to charge, be sued for or obtained in that behalf and that the said an annuity to be nuity, or yeaily rent or sum, and every part thereof, shall be tax free, free and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other publick charges whatsoever: and in case any of the officers of the How the an receipt of his majesty's exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay nuily ma be the said annuity, or yearly rent or sum, or any part thereof, ac recomtd* cording to the true intent and meaning of this act, or to do any act necessary to enable the said sir George Augustus Eliott, his

u executors.

1c

$€8 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 86. £ 1783.

executors, administrators, or assigns, to receive the same, then the said George Augustus Eliott, his executors, administrators or assigns, may from time to time Cue, prosecute, and implead such officers, or any of them, their executors and admioiftra, tors, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and shall or may recover judgements, and sue out executions thereupon, against such officers respectively, their heirs, executors, or administrators, for so much of such sum or sums of money then due and owing upon the said annuity, yearly rent or sum, or any part thereof as shall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer at the time or times when demands shall have been legally made of the payment of the said annuity, yearly rent or sum, or any part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the refusal or neglect to do any a necessary to be done by such officer or officers, to enable the said sir George Augstftus Eliott y his executors, administrators, and assigns, to receive the same.

CAP. LXXXVI

An at) for settling and securing a certain annuity on George lari Rodney, and the two next persons to whom the barony of Rodney ball defcendy in confederation of the eminent services performed by the said George lord Rodney to his Majesty and the publick

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. 117 H E R E A S your Majesty, by your most gracious message to your most faithful commonsy has been pleased to declare9That your Majesty having taken into your royal confederation the many eminent ana fegnal services performed by George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, vice admiral fl/'fengland, and one of the admirals of the white his conduct in tbewdk Indies in three several engagements in the months of April and May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, with a Juperior French fleets under the command of the count de Guichen; and his great and glorious victories over the Spanish sleety on the fexttenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, on his voyage to the relief of the garrison of Gibraltar; and over the French fleet in the West Indies, on the twelfth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; not only highly honourable to bimfelfy but greatly beneficial to your Majesty's kingdoms 5 your Majesty was deferous to bestow same considerable and lofting mark of your royal fayour, as a testimony of your Majesty s approbation for the said services 5 and for this purpose to give and grant unto the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and to the two next fiucceeding heirs male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, to whom the title of lord Rodney ball defcendy for and during their livesy a net annuity of two thousand pounds per annum; but your Majesty, not having it in your power to grant an annuity to that amount, or to extend the ejfeft of the said grant beyond the term of your Majesty's own life, recommended tt to your faithful commons, to consider of a proper method of enabling

jm

783.] Anno vicesimo tcrdo Georgii III C 86.*389

*ur Majesty to grant the farm, of extrudings securing, yif such annuity to the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney. and to the two next per/ons on whom the title of lord Rodney au defcendy in futb manner as Should be thought most effectual for be benefit of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and ns family: we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, he commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, duly: onfidering your majesty's most gracious intention, do mod nimbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it rnadted by the King'? most excellent majesty, by and with the id vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and: ommon$, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That one annuity, or yearly rent or sum a life an of two thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, shall nuityof »oool be iflfuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable up^a<ini{njiet" on, the duties and revenues which compose the fund, com roa^°and monly called The Aggregate Funds and every or any of them, the two next (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and succeeding sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts h.cjrt to bl# of parliament to be paid out of the same, but with preference u t to all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of, the said aggregate fund; ) and the same shall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever, in manner and form following; (that is to say, ) to George Brydges Rodney now lord Rodneys for and during the natural life of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and from and after his decease, unto the two next fucceedine heirs male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodneys on whom the said title, honour, and dignity of lord Rodney (hal descend, for and during their natural lives; which said annuity, or yearly rent or sum, shall to commence commence and take effect from the twelfth day of Aprils which from April n, was in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the first payment to be computed from the said terjy#* twelfth day of Aprils which was in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until the fifth day of Jufys in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the four usual days of payment in the year; that is to say, the tenth day of Octobers the fifth day of January, the fifth day

of Aprils and the fifth day of July, in each and every year, by -

even and equal portions.

II And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commis The annuity doners of his majesty's treasury now being, and the high trea to be paid at surer and under treasurer of the exchequer, and commissioners the che of the treasury for the time being, and they are hereby autho Wlt out rized and required, by warrant under their hands, to direct the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass debentures, from time to time, for paying the said annuity or yearly rent or sum of two thousand

r

S

Anno'ttedrtio wrdo georoil III C 86. [1783.

The warrant for payment of than nuity not to 'be determinable upon the demise of his Majesty, See,

commission ert of the > treasury, chancellor of the exchequer, care to do all things northeast jetflary for the execution of this act, without fees.

The receipt of lord Rodney, and his successor*, shall be a sufficient discharge.

Annuity to be tax free.

How the annuity may be recovered.

sand pounds, ih manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall, from time to tithe, become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof which said warrant, and the debentures to be made forth, and parted thereupon, shall be a sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the said annuity, or yearly rent or sum, to the said Gnrgi Brydges kodney lord Rodney, and the two next succeeding heirs male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord ko&ney* at the respective quarterly feast days in this act before appointed for payment thereof, without any/urther or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf.

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after signing of such Warrant, the same shall be good, valid, and effectual in law, according to the purport ana true meaning thereof, and of this act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the demise of his Majesty)) God long preserve!) or of any of his heirs or fuccertbrs, or by or upon the death or removal of any of the said Commissioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, of by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, or any of them.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of the treasury now being, and the high treasurer of the treasury for the time being, chancellor and under treasurer, chamberlains and barons of the exchequer, afid all other the officers and minirters of the court of exchequer, and of the receipt thereof, now and for the time being, (nail, and they are hereby authorised and rtriftly enjoined and required to do, without fee or reward, all such acts, matters, and things, as afe herein before directed and required, or shall be negeflajy to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this act, and the several payments hereby directed, effectual.

V And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of the said Georg Brydges Rodney lord Rodney and the two next succeeding heir! male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney on whom the said tijle shall defeend, shall be a good and fufl& cient discharge for the payment of the said annuity or ycarls sum, without any further or other warrant to be sued for ol obtained in that behalf; and that the said annuity, or year! rent ot sum, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear fro all taxes, impositions, and other charges whatsoever: and i case any of the officers of the receipt of his majesty's exchequt shall refuse or neglect to pay the said annuity, or yearly rent a sum, or any part thereof, according to the true intent and meart ing of this act, or to do any act necertary to enable the fas George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and the two next fucceediri heirs male of the body of the said George Badges Rodney lof

Rodne

783o Anno vicesimo tertio georgii III C 87.' 39*

'todneji on whom the said title, honour, and dignity of lord Zodney shall descend, to receive the same, then the said George ^rydgis Rodney lord Rodney, and the two next succeeding heirs nale of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney,

n whom the said title shall descend, may, from time to time.

Vie, prosecute, and implead such officers, or any of them, their xeirs, executors, or administrators, by bill, plaint, or adibn of icbt, and shall and may recover judgements, and sue out exe rutions thereupon, against'such officers respectively, their heirs, executor, or administrators, for so much of such sum or Aims money, then due and owing upon the said annuity, yearlyent or sum, or any part thereof, as shall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer, it the time or times when demands shall have been legally made of the payment of the said annuity, yearly rent or sum, or any part thereof as aforesaid, or for the refusal or neglect to do any at necessary to be done by such officer or officers respectively.

VI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That the said annuity, yearly rent or sum of two thousand Annuity not pounds, shall be, and the same is by this act veiled in the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, and the two next succeed edfdrmkmger ing heirs male of the body of the .said George Brydges Rodney term than*lord Rodney, to whom the said title, honour, and digflity of during the lord Rodney shall descend j and the lame, oir any part thereof,

Stall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, or disposed, charged, or encumbered, by the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, or by either of the two next succeeding heirs male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodruy % on whom the said title shall descend, for any greater or larger estate, or time, than during the natural life of the person Jo aliening, conveying, disposing, charging, or encumbering the same, or so as to prevent the same from defeending to the next or succeeding heir male of the body of the said George Brydges Rodney lord Rodney, to whom the said title of lord Rodney shall descend, according to the limitation aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXVII

An act for veiling certain raefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees. For the further securing his majesty*s docks, ships, and (lores, at Portsmouth j and for the more safe and convenient carrying on of his majesty's gunpowder works and mills, near the tows of Faveribam.

For further and better securing his majesty's docks, ships of war, and (lores, necessary to erect and raise additional fortifications at or near oof port; and reciting that his majesty's gunpowder mills, near Favertbam, m Kent, had been blown up, and it was thought expedient to erebfc other works and buildings more remote from the said town) and in order thereto, it was necessary to purchase the lands, caster mentioned, in Hampflrire and Kent. enacted that certain pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, in the parish of Alverstoke, in Hampshire) and certain other pieces of land, jmd tenements thereunto belonging, in the pa pfhes^f Luddenham and Preston, in Kent; and a certain piece of land, 'and

392 Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 88.. [1783.

and tenements thereunto belonging, in the paruh of Faveriham, in Kent) and certain other pieces of land, and tenements thereunto belonging, in the parish of Davington, in Kent; and also a piece of pasture land, situate in the parish of Faveriham; veiled in the right honourable Charles wol fran Cornwall, Jervoife Clerk Jervoise, Robert Thirtiethwaite, the honourable Charles Marlham, and Filmer Honeywood, esquires, and their heirs, C in trust for the respective owners, till the purchase money, with interest at 5 percent, from the time of the board of ordnance See, taking; possession, be paid. Reasonable compensation to be rode to the

anetors out of the next parliamentary aids. His Majesty irdpowered, itters patent under the great seal, to appoint commissioners to determine claims to the said lands, fitc. and any hve or more of them may proceed in a summary way, on oath of witnesses, inspection of deeds, C and, if the parties require it, by the inquell of twelve men, to inquire into the rights, icc. of any persons, relating to the premises, and to send for persons, deeds, C Judgements and decrees of commissioners to be entered in books, See. Copies thereof to be laid before both houses of parliament. Commissioners to issue their warrants to sheriffs to summon

juries; who are to inquire into the value of lands, See. Penalty on he riffs or their officers making default sou.and not less than iol. and also on jurors not more than iol. In case a sufficient jury (had not appear upon return of the warrant, commissioners may adjourn the inquest, and issue their warrant for firmmoning other jurors in room of defaulters. Commissioners, after the inquest shall be taken, may adjourn, See, Commissioners to give notice previous of their respettive meetings 14 days before. If owners make default in appearing, Sec, to proceed upon the bell information can be obtained. On payment of the sums assessed by jury, Sec, trustees to be deemed felted of the premises for the use of his Majesty. Pumps, wells, fitc. to be free. Officers of ordnance, within 30 days after meeting of next session, in a written declaration, to Specify the particular veiled lands. Sec. which will be wanted for the purports aforesaid: and all the lands not so specified shall be revelled in the former proprietors. Lands to be purchased in pursuance of this afil, shall be liable to the ufoal tithes and taxes: to be paid by the storekeeper of the ordnance. Commissioners not liable to penalties in flat. 25 Car. a. C 2. 1 Gul. Southeast Mar. C 8. 13 and 14 Gul. 3. C 6. nor 1 Geo. 1. C 13. nor to be disqualified from bring members of parliament.

CAP. lxxxviii.

An act to extend the provi/tons of on aft (entitled, An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogoes, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction) to certain cases not therein mentioned.

Preamble. TX HE R E A S diverse ill disposedpersons are frequently appre vv bent, having upon them implements for housebreaking % or offenftve weapons, or are found in or upon houses, warehousesy coach housesy Jlablesy or outhouses, areas of houses enclosed yotas or got dens belonging to houses, with intent to commit felonies \ and although their evil purposes are thereby manifested the power of his'majesty*s justices of the peace to demand of them sureties for their good behaviour, hath not been ofsufficient effect to prevent them from carrying their evil purposes into execution j be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho after Aug. X r*lty Gf the same. That if any person or persons shall, after the ^rfon'appre^day of Augufty one thousand seven hundred and eighty

thretj

1783*] Artrio vicesimo tertio georgii III t. 89. 3^3

three, be apprehended having upon him, her, or them, any bent hav

rtarejiouse, coach house, liable, or outhouses; or hall have upon ing, or any him, her, or them, any pistol, hanger, cutlass, bludgeon, or °ffenfive weaa other offensive weapon, with intent feloniously to assault any person or persons; or shall be found in or upon atty dwelling fl, an 5* dteiii* house, Warehouse, coach house, liable, or outhouses, or in any ed a rogue, enclosed yard or garden, or area belonging to any house, with c within an intent to steal any goods or chattels; every such person or of persons hall be deemed a rogue and vagabond, within the inc tent and meaning of the statute made in the seventeenth year of / his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues', vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to boujes of ccr± reftiott. _ V

An act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the panfh of Salnl Clement Danes, in the county of Middlesex, and certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuifauces and annoyances therein.

sgeo. 3. C sv. 3 Geo. 3. C 13. 4 Geo. 3. C 39. 5 Geo. 3. C 50. 6 Geo*, 3. C 54. 11 Geo. 3. C ai. Former acts repealed. Power of paving, cleansing, and lighting the parish, given to the trustees, and a committee of the inhabitants. Optional Greets, viz. Arundel, Norfolk, Surrey, sod Howard streets, Batcher row, part of clement's lane, back side of 8t. Clement, Blackmore, Clare, Holiwell, Vere, and Peter or Denzell streets, and so much of Cecil street and Wyche Street as lies in St. cle toent's, and so much of Wyche ftrfcet as lies in the parish of St. Mahy le Strand. Property of the pavements, materials, C vested in the trustees, until the appointment of the committee. Former fecuritifes to be valid. Trustees, Charles Howard, earl of Surrey, Thomas Pelham Clinton, earl bf Lincoln, Charles Barrow, Francis Barlow, William Baldwin, John Browning, Robert Butler, Gibbs Crawsurd, William Devon, Samuel Edwards, Charles Grave Hudson, William Kitchiner, Samuel Phipps, William Sandby, and George vaugban, esquires, and the reftor ot St. Clement for the timd being. Power to cleft new trustees. Committed of twenty-one inhabitants to be appointed. Qualification bf trustees and committee men to be householders paying to the rates, and the trustees t6 have 3001. per ann. real, or 10, 0061 personal estate. Committee men td have a real or persona! estate of 2, 0001. value. Trustees idling, not being qualified, to forfeit 200i. committee men icdl. Committee to pay theit* own bxpences. No aft valid, unless done at a meeting. All acts of the committee may be done by the majority. Committee may appoint officers; and shall take security for them. No officer to take any see other than allowed by committee; or be interested in any contrast. Officers, collectors, See. to account. Penalty oh officers refusing to account, Sic. 101. If Sufficient distress cannot be bid, the offender to be committed, until he Shall pay or compound. Commitment of offenders not to discharge their sureties. Committee may employ wbrknien, carriages, and horses, where the expense of the work does not exceed 40s. and contrast for paving, cleansing, and lighting. No contrast to be valid Unless confirmed by the truttees. Piovtfo, that if any trustce be a committee mart not to act as to cent rafts. No contrast to bd made but between Feb. 1, and June 1. The level of the streets not to be altered, or inferior materials used. Contrasts already made to be valid Committee to cause the works to be examined; and if not done agreeable to the contract, rmy

CAP. lxxxltf.

VOL. XXXJV.

Dd

bring

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III C 89. [*783.

bring anions against the contractors. Committee may compound with contractors for the penalties incurred on*honperformance of contracts. Committee annually to affix in the vestry room, or otherwise pumhh, extracts of contracts and penalties. Householder making complaint of defect in lighting, deansing, or repairing the pavement, Purveyor to view it, and if defective to give notice to contractor to amend it. Power to call a special meeting of the committee upon any such complaint On contracts not being performed, committee may cause the work to be done by other persons, and deduct th expense from the money due to the contractor. New ttreets to be first paved at the expense of the owners, who are to compound with the committee for paving thereof. Property of pavements, lamp irons, materials, Sec. vetted iu committee. Committee may hire ground for depositing materials. Penalty on damaging materials or works 40 s. and not less than 10 s. Names of ttreets to be wrote at or near the entrance, and houses and lamp irons to be numbered. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps 40 s. for every lamp, and alto make good the damage. Persons carelessly or accidentally breaking lamps, to make good the damage. Committee to make rates, not exceeding is. 6d. in the pound, and alto additional rates not is. 6d. in the pound for the optional ttreets, and 6d. per pound for the other parts of the parish. Houses hereafter to be built, to be afieffed as others. Empty houses to pay half rate. Church and church yare), chapels, and other public buildings, to be rated according to the number of square yards of paving belonging thereto, at 6d. per yard per annum. If committee negteft to make the additional rates, truttees may do it. If the committee omit to make the other rates, the inhabitants to do it. Commencement of rates March 25, 1783. Rates of houses let in separate apartments, and ready furniftied, to be paid by the tenant, who may deduct the same out of bh rent. Rates of houses let to ambassadors to be paid by the landlords. Agreements between landlords and tenants not to be affected. Poor rates may bo inspected by an order of three committee men; and copies, See. taken. Power to recover the rates by distress. Rates may be recovered by action at law. Persons quitting houses orpremifes before payment of the rates, and persons entering in such homes or premises, to be subject to the payment thereof for the times of their occupying the same. Persons aggrieved by the rates may appeal to the committee, and the

Suarter sessions. Collector to pay the money into the bank, or to a banker.

tanker to pay money drawn upon him by the truttees, and committee. Commissioners to account with the truttees relative to optional ttreets. Commissioners to account with the committee relative to the other parts of the parish. Former committee to accountwith the committee appointed by virtue of this act. Arrears of former rates may be levied. Truttees to apply additional rate to pay interett and debt. Committee to apply rates for repairing, deansing, and lighting, and removing nuisances, C Surplus to be applied cowards discharging debt. Separate accosts to be kept of rates to be raised within the optional (beets, for paying the principal and interett due on such ttreets. Creditors to be paid by ballot. Notice to be given to the persons whose bonds are to be paid off. New \ securities for 1001, each may be given, inttead of present securities for a larger sum. Power to borrow money to discharge certain debts due upon some of the optional ttreets, and not secured upon the rates. Form of security.

BY virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the title of the act.j We, the truttees of the said parish, do hereby assign to A. B. his executors, adminittrators, and attigns, in consideranon of the sum of paid by him to

from this day of in the yea:

/ of our Lord until the said sum of

with interett, at the rate of per annum, shall be paid,

the rntes or assessments by virtue of the said act made subject and liab: to and chargeable with the payment of the principal money due and o

II

17sj Anno vicesimo tertio georgii Ilf. C 89.

ing on the credit of [afqtrtain the part of the parish in respect whereof such money is to be secured] ] the purpose of di (charging moneys due and owing on the credit of such rates or ailefimeiits.

IDO transfer this assignment, with all my right and title to the priori porm of pal and intereit thereby secured, unto C D. nis executors, adrainiftra traq|fcr# t<jri, and ailigns. In witness whereof I have hereunto fet my hand, this

day of

Witness, E. F. A. B.

Transfers to be entered, and shall be valid. Power to borrow money at lower intereit, to discharge securities at a higher. Power to raise a rate not exceeding ad. in the pound, towards new paving any streets, after the parochial debt shall be discharged. Signs to be placed flat on fronts of houses. Water to be conveyed from houses in pipes. Palifadoes broke or defective, to be repaired at the expense of the owner. Penalty on placing annoyances or obstructions in the streets ios. and not less than 5s.

C No hoards to be erested, without licence from the surveyor or inspector to the committee. Running wheels, cor driving carriages, horses, con foot pavement. Dirt not to be swept into common sewer, or within a certain distance of any grate or channel. No person, other than the scavenger, to carry away dull, C No person shall fist, (kreen, or (lack lime. Penalty 20s. and not less than 5s. Owners of cinders, dull, C may carry away the same for their own use. No night soil to be taken away before twelve or after four, in summer, or five in winter; or to be put or cast in any part of the parish, or within a certain difiance thereof. Scavengers to clean streets once every week, C Inhabitants exempted from office of fcavengerj and surveyor of highways, from hanging out lights, and return of annoyance jury, on account of defective pavements, Sec. t Paviours to water companies to transmit rheir names, places of abode, and walk, to the committee, Directions for repairing defective water pipes. Penalty on his neglect. If no regular paviour, notice to be transmitted to clerk to water companies. Committee to be reimbursed expenses of relaying pavement broken for repairing water pipes. Lifi of streets to be trantmitted to water Companies. Water company not to be subject to pay the expense of paving or repairing the pavement, unless the account be delivered within six calendar months. Committee to state in their account to the water company, th charge of such relaying or repairing the quantity of pavement, C Treasurer or clerk to the water company may inspect the accounts and proceedings of the committee relative to paving. Surveyor or inspector to verify his account with any water company upon oath, if required. The provisions of the act extended to such part of Cecil street as lies in Saint Martin's parish, until the debt due on that street be paid off. Duke of Newcastle owner of Clare Market, and entitled to certain parts of the pavement. The (hops inside the market houses not to be rated. The (hops outside of the market houses to be rated. Nothing in the act to affect the rights of the duke of Newcaftlt. Saving the right of W. Kitchiner, esquire, to Carting lane and Somerset street. Trustees empowered to appoint a clerk at a salary. The committee to pay a proportion of the expenses of the general commiflicn till March 15, 17*4. Proceedings of trustees and committee to be recorded. Not to extend to such part of drury-lane as is in St. Clement Danes. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diltrefs and sale of goods, and applied by the committee. Inhabitants may give evidence. Justices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction.

County of Middlesex, j T) E it remembered. That on

city and ubmy of I d day of in the'year

wdhninttcr, to wit. J of the reign of his Majesty

A. B. is convicted before w

of his majesty's justices of the peike for the said county or city and liberty, fas the calc shall be, ] by virtue of D a a an

Anno vicesimo tertio georgii III C 90. [1783.

?n act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his majesty King George the ttiird, intituled, [here set forth the title of the act, and specify the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed.]

Given under oor hands and seals, [or, my band and sea)vj the day and year aforesaid.

Actions may be brought in the name of one of the trustees or committee, pr their clerk? and upon obtaining verdifts, they have power to recover polls. No action to abate on death or removal of clerk. Nb eflbin, &<, . to be allowed in actions. Perfops aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Rates and proceedings not to be quaked for want of form; nor to be removed by ctrt'torari. Plaintiff shall not recover after tender of sufficient amends. Distress not deemed unlawful for want of form. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first money which comes to hand. Writings not to be subject to lamp duties. Limitation of actions within six calendar months. Defendant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evjdepee; nd if verdict, C for him, to have treble Colts, Publjck ft.

CAP. XC

act for better paving, cleaning, and lighting, the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberty of Westminster, and certain places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

$ Geo. 3. C 2*. 3 Geo. 3. C »3* 4 Geo. 3. C 39. 5 Geo. 3, C 50. 6 Geo. 3. C 54. 11 Geo. 3. C ia. Former acts repealed. Power of paving, deansing, and lighting the parish, given to the vestry, and a committee of the inhabitants, optional streets, viz. Northumberland, Hungerford, end all streets, C in York buildings and Adelphi, a)so Salisbury, Great Suffolk, and Pauton streets, such part of Littjc ruftel street and Great Prury lane as lie in the said parish. Former securities to be valid. Vestry 30 appoint a committee. Qualification of committee men 2, 0001, real or personal estate. Meetings of committee every fortnight. Committee to pay their own expenses. No aft valid, unless done at9meeting. All acts of the committee may be done by the majority. Committee may appoint officers; and shall take security for them. No officer to take any see other than allowed by committee; or be interested in any contrast,

, collectors, C to account. Officers refucng to account, shall forfeit 191. and if they neglect to pay the balance, it may be levied by distress. If sufficient distress cannot be had, the offender to be committed until he shall pay, or compound. Commitment of offenders not to discharge their sureties. Committee may employ workmen, carriages, and horses, and contrast for paving, cleansing, and lighting. No contrast to be made but between Feb. 1, and June 1. The level of the streets not to be altered without consent of vestry or paving committee of adjoining pa fish, or inferior materials used. Coptrafts already made to be valid. Committee 10 cause th works to be examined; and if not done agreeable to the conti acts, may bring actions against the contraftors. Committee pray compound with contraftois for the penalties incurred on nonperformance of pop^rafy. Committee annually to print and efiftribute extracts of fontrafts and penalties'. House holder making complaint of defective pavement, surveyor to view it, and, if defective, to give notice to contraftor, to amend it. Power to CII a special meeting of the committee upon any. fuyh complaint. Oq coptrafts not being performed, committee may cause the work to be done by other persons, and deduct the expense from the pioney due to the contraftor. New streets to be first paveif at the expense of the owners, who are to compound with the committee for paving f hereof, Property of pavements, lamp irons, materials, C vested ip'' 1'V*' '*committee,

-*L

397

17 % .] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III c.90.

committee. Committee may hire ground for depofuiqg materials. Pe alton destroying or damaging materials. Names of streets to he wrote at or near the entrance, and houses and lamp irons to be numbered. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps aos. for every lamp, and damages, C Persons carelessly or accidentally breaking lamps, to make good the damage. Committee to make rates, i s. in the pound, according to two third*'of the annual value, to repair \ and to pay debt incurred and interest, and ad additional rate of is. 6d. per pound, of two thirds value in optional streets, and is. 9d. per pound in Panton street, and 6d. in aether streets. Houses hereafter to be built, to be aftefted as others. Empty houses to pay half rate. St. Martin's church and churchyard, and other public buildings, to be rated according to the number of square yards of paving belonging thereto 6 d.' per yard per annum. If committee neglect to make rates, vestry may do it. Commencement of rates March 25, 27s3. Rates of houies let in separate apartments, and ready furnilhcd, to be paid by the tenant, who may deduct the same out of his rent. Rates of houses let to ambassadors to be paid by the landlords. Poor rates may be inspected by an order of three committee men; and copies, C taken. Power to recover the rates by distress and sale. Rates may be covered by action at law. Persons quitting houses or premises before'payment of the rates, and persons entering in such houses or premises, to be subject to the payment thereof for the times of their occupying the lame. Agreements between landlords and tenants not to be aftefted. Persons aggrieved by the rates may appeal to the committee, and the

Suarter feihons. Col left or to pay the uiqney into the bank, or to a banker anker to pay money drawn upon him by the vestry and committee. Np collector to keep in his hands more than 501. longer than three days. Commissioners to account with the veltry relative to optional streets, Commissioners to account with the committee relative to the other parts of the parish, and transfer to them the money in the bank. Former committee to account with the committee appointed by virtue of this act. Arrears may be levied. Vestry to apply additional rate to pay interest and debt. Committee td apply rates for repairing, cleansing, and lighting, and removing nuifanc<*s, See. Surplus to be applied towards discharging debt. Separate accounts to be kept of rates to be raised within the optional streets, for paying the principal and interest due on such streets. After payment of the debt, the additional rates to cease. cie dnort to be paid by ballot. Notice to be given to the persons whose bonds are to hie paid oft. New securities for 1001. each may be given, instead of present securities for a larger sum. Power to borrow money to dif<; harge certain debts due upon some of he optional streets, and not secured upon the rates, Form of security

BY virtup of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, I here let forth the title of the act, ] We, the vestry men of the said parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, do hereby assign to A. B. his.executors, admiaiftra* tors, and assigns, in coufideration of the sum of paid by him to from this

day of in the year of our Lord

until the said sum of with interest, at the

rate of per annum, shall be paid, the rates or assessments

to berated or assessed by virtue of the said act within [ascertain the street or streets, or other place or places, in respect whereof such money is to be secured] ] the purpose of discharging moneys due and owing on the credit of such rates or afleflinents.

Securities may be transferred. Form of transfer.

IDO transfer this afttgnment, with all my right and title to the principal and interest thereby secured, unto C D. his executors, administrators, and assigns. In witness whereof I have hereunto fet my hand, this day of

tir: cp i? 7 a Q

^vitnest, E. F

A. B. Tiansfers

A

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III c.90.

Transfers to be entered. Power to borrow money at lower interest, to" discharge securities at a higher. Power to raise a rate! not exceeding*d. in the pound, towards new paving any street, after the parochial debt thau be discharged. The committee to pay a proportion of the efcpencas of the general xommission till March 15, 1784. The Adelphi to be deemed optional. Signs to be placed flat on fronts of houses. Water veyed from houses in pipes. Palifadoes broke or defective to at the expense of the owner. Penalty On placing annoyances crobftrwc tions in the streets 10s. and not less than 58. No hoards to bfcere&cd, without licence from the surveyor or inspector to the committee.*Penalty on running wheels, cor driving carriages, horses, See. on foot pavement 20 s. and not less than 5 s. Dirt not to be swept into common sewer, or within a certain distance of any grate or channel. No person, ocher than the scavenger, to carry away dust, See. Owners of cinders, dull, C may carry away the same for their own use. No night soil to be taken away before twelve, or after four, in summer, or five in winter j or to be put or cast in any part of the parish, or within half a mile thereof. Pe, 20s. and not less than 10 s. Scavengers duty to attend once every 1 week in each street. Inhabitants exempted from office of scavenger and surveyor of highways, from hanging out lights, and return of annoyance Jury, on account of defective pavements, C Paviours to water companies to transmit their names, places of abode, and walk, to the committee. Directions for repairing, defective water pipes. Penalty on his neglect. If no regular paviour, notice to be transmitted to clerk to water companies. Committee to be reimbursed expenses of relaying pavement broken for repairing water pipes. List of streets to be transmitted to water companies. Water company not to be subject to pay the expense of paving or repairing the pavement, unless the account be delivered within six calendar months. Committee to state in their account to the water company, the charge of such relaying or repairing the quantity of pavement, See, Treasurer or clerk to the water company may inspect the accounts and proceedings of the committee relative to paving. Surveyor or inspector to verify his account with any water company upon oath, if required. Vestry may appoint a surveyor. The providons of this act extended to such parts of Little ruftel street and Great drury-lane, as are not situate in St. martin's parish. Proceedings of vestry and committee to be recorded, and to be settled annually. Not to extend to New street, or such part of Chandos, James street, Cock lane, also Little St. Martin i lane, as lie in St. Martin's parish, till debt paid or to any street before any royal palace, ground, or building, belonging to his Majesty, C Optional boundary streets, after payment of the debts due thereon, to be under the management of the respective parhhes in which they are tituate. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered by distress and sale of goods, and applied by the committee. Inhabitants may give evidence. ju&icts to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of con VI ft ion.

County ofmiddksex, j TJ E it remembered. That on

City and Liberty of | .13

Wcitanimtcr, to wit, J of the reign of his Majesty A. B. is convicted before

of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county,

or city and liberty, [as the case shall be, ] by virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the title of the act, and fpeafy the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed.]

Given under our hands and seals, [or, my hand and feal] ] day and year aforesaid.

Committee obtaining verdifts, shall have power to recover costs. No tc tion to abate on death or removal of clerk. No effoin, CC to be allowed

1783d Anno vicesimo terdo georgii III C 91.

in actions. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feitions. Rates and proceedings not to be quashed for want of form; or to be removed by certiorari. Plaintiff shall not recover after tender of sufficient amends. Distress not deemed unlawful for want of form. Expenses of this act to be .paid out of the first money received. Writings not to be subject to stamp; duties, 'Limitation of actions six calendar months. Defendants may plemshe general iflae, C and if he obtain a verdict. Sec. may recover trehfptodx. Public act.

CAP. XCI

An act for paving and regulating Church lane, in and near the parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and Saint George in the county of middlesex, and several other streets, avenues, and places, within the lame parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and preventing annoyances therein; and for enabling the inhabitants of the said parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, to raise money to defray the expenses incurred in tepairing the parish church.

Church lane a great thorough fare, and in bad repair. Names of forty-two comtniflioners, with the reftor, churchwardens, and overseers of the poor of Whitechapel, for the time being. On death, See. of commissioners, others to be cnofen. Notice to be given of such election. Qualification of commissioners, real estate 401, per ann. personal i.qooi. Penalty on aftingif not qualified 501. Five comtniflioners may aft. comvmf fioners to defray their own expenses. They may appoint officers, and allow them salaries, and take security from them. Rates to be paid to the collector. Officers to account. On their refnfal, to be committed. On death of officers, or becoming info)vent, executors to account $ and pay the balance, in preference of any other creditor; and may plead or give in evidence such payment; and in case of nonpayment, comtniflioners may sue for the same. Comnrfftioners empowered to pave Church lane, and to raise or lower the ground, C For paving such part of Church lane as lies within the parish of Saint George. No person to repair pavement but comtniflioners' paviour. Property of present and future pavement, and materials, veiled in the commissioners; penalty on injuring the same 40 s. Pavement may be taken up, for repairing water pipes. See. After such repair, notice to be given to the commissioners' paviour 5 who is to repair and make good the same. Charges of repairing pavement' taken up to be paid by the persons occasioning the damage. In case of default, how to be recovered. Water company's paviour or workmen to give notice to the commissioners clerk of their names and places of abode. Time allowed water companies to repair their pipes after notice. com missioner of fewer how to be fumtnoned, when any repairs of sewers. Sec. wanted. Goods and also carriages, obstructing the passage, may be frized; or the persons causing, or the Rafter, to be Juromoned, to be pu nifiled in a summary way before the justice. Penalty on driving wheelbarrows, Sec. over the foot pavement, first offence 58. second 10 s. third nos. Hoards may be erected with leave. Foot pavements to be swept every day (Sundays excepted.) Houses to be numbered. Signs, Scc. to be regulated. Projeftions to be removed. Rates, not to exceed is. 6d. in the pound. 'Landlords to allow one third part of the rate. Where houses, Sec. unoccupied, one third only of the rate'to be collected. Owners to be rated for houses let in different tenements. For recovering the rates by dittress, if none; or goods removed, the party may be committed for three calendar months, by justices warrant. Places of worship, void spaces of ground. Scc. may be rated at 6d. per ann. each square yard of pavement. Rates maybe recovered by action. Vacant ground to be fenced in, at the expense of the owner. Occupiers quitting without paying rate, may be followed. Commissioners may mitigate the rates. Persons paying the rates exempted from paving. The aft not to make void agreement between landlord and tenant. Trustees under act of 16 Geo.

to pay 135i. to commissioners under this act, for paving such part of Church lane as lies within the parish of Saint George. Impowering the

trustees

X Anno Vicesimo tertio georgii III fc. 92 — -94* ulh

trutfees of the parish of Saint George, under their aft j6 Geo. Ill, to raise. % \$\. an afteflment. Commimoners may a ft as justices. com raiftioners may borrow money at interest, or raise money by sale of annuities $ not exceeding 3, 000!. Commitfioners* order to entitle the con tributor to the payment of his interest and anniuitv; charged upon the rates. Annuities deemed indefeasible estates; not chargeable to the land tax Annuities may be assigned toties quoties. Moneys may by

sale of annuities, in the place of those that have ceased, for the^a^pent of the inrereft money. Impowering the commissioners to pave tbd'fbot and carriage ways of other streett, in case a majority of the inh&frants shall requett Stand aftefs them at is. 6d. per pound per annum; Ac1 counts of optional streets to be kept separate. Penalties may be mitigated. Commissioners who are justices may aft. Tuftices may administer oaths. Anions may be instituted in the name of the treasurer. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sections. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Diftrefr not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender of sufficient amends hath been made. Writings to be without stamps. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Books may be read in evidence. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Act 3d George III cap. 53, concerning Whitechapel church, recited. Empowered to raise isool. which had been expended. Trustees under former act empowered to raise 1700i. more to defray the remaining debts, by sale of annuities. Not to exceed sol. percent. Expenses of this act to be paid, half out of the money raised by this act for the church, the other by the paving rate. Limitation of actions, six calendar months. Defendant may plead the general issue, and give the special matter, C in evidence i and if he obuia a verdict, C to recover treble coils. Public act.

CAP. XCII

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from a place near Rider's Green, in the county of Stanford, to Broadwater fire engine, and six collateral cuts from the lame, to several coal mines; and also a navigable canal from or near the town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry canal at or near Fazelqy, in the parish of Tam worth, in the said county of Stafford, with a collateral cut to the lower part of the said town of Birmingham.

CAP. XCIII

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an at, pajfei in the fe coni year oj the reign of hoc present Majesty> for amending widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from the south end of Sparrows Herne on Bushy Heath, through the market towns of tvatfordi Berkhampjhdy Saint peters and Tringy in the county of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms to the turnpike road at ivaltony near Ayltjlury in the county of Bucks.

CAP. XCIV

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the porters of several acts of parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and chreugb Bowling and ivibfey, to Halifax, and also the roads called Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Lane, in the wcjl riding of the county of Yoik. e

CAP.

*783.] Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii 111. C 95 — 100.

CAP. XCV

an ail toenlarge the term and powers of two, made in

the fourteenth and twenty sixth years of the reign of king George the Second, for repairing the roads from through

Ferrybridge, to the south side of Tadcajier Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Wetberby, and from thence to -

bridge, in the county of York; far as the same relate to the road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge.

CAP. XCVI

jtn all for enlarging the term and powers of all an in the jirjl year of the reign of his present, An act

for repairing and widening the roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbrtdge to Tintinhull and from aftream of water called Ford, to Cartgate in in the

county of Somerset.

CAP. XCVII

An act for continuing and amending two of the ninth and twenty seventh years of his late for repairing and

widening the road from Saint Dunjtan's Cross, near the city of Canterbury, to the waterside at in the county

of Kent.

CAP. XCVIII

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an ah of the secondyear of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Cross,

the turnpike gate on Abberly Hill, in the counties of Salop and Worcester.

CAP. XCIX

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an all, made in the second year of his present Majtftfs, for repairing, widening,

and altering the road from Sandon, in the county of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the county of and

from Hilderftone to Draycott in the Moors; and from Roths to Toon, in the said county of Stafford.

CAP. C

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an ah of the third year of his present for repairing the roads from Maidenhead Bridge to, and from

the said bridge to Henley Bridge, in the county of Berks.

Vot. XXXIV

E e CAP.

402 Anno vicesimo tertio Gboroix III C ioi p 106. [ 1783,

CAP. CL

An act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of me act made in the third year of the reign of his present majesty* for repairing and widening the road from Lawton, in the county of Chester, to Burffem and Newcastle under Lime, in the | county of Stafford, and other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. CII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act., made in the first year of the reign of his prffent majesty, intituled, An act for making, widening, and repairing a road from the norrh cast side of the gofwellstreet Road next ijungton, in the county of Middlesexy and near to the road called The New Ready over the fields and grounds, to Old Street Ready oppoficc to the Doghouse Bary and at and from the Doghouse Bar to the end of Phifaell Strecty by the Artillery Ground.

cap. cm.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Wether by to Knaresborough, in the county of fort,

CAP. CIV

An act for amending and widening the road from the passage or ferry over the river Severn at newnham, in the county of Gloucester, through the pariffes tf/newnham and Little Dean, to a place called Saint white's, adjoining his Majesfs fired of peaii, in the said county.

CAP. CV

An act for continuing and amending an efty of the third, year of his present majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Staffordy to Sandon, in the county of staf fordy and several other rpad$ in the counties of Salop and Stafford

C A p. CVI

An act for completing and keeping in repair the road from the Ram inn, in the town of Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester, through the town of Tetbury, to Oldfield, otherwise Woefield Corner, near the sixteenth mile (lone in the Bath roaiy and a road from thence through the par iff es of Cold A Alton and Swan f wick, to or near Lambridge, in the parish of Bath Easton, bear the city of Bath; and for continuing the present read from the said corner to or near the monument upon Lapfdown, until the intended road from the said corner to or neay Lambridge te made fit for travelling.

a

CAP.

*783*1 Anno vicesimo ecrtio Georgii in. C 197 — 110. 403

CAP. CVII

yfn <7(9 to revive and render more efferual an ar faffed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late king George the southeast tond, for repairing the road from Markfield, in the

county of Leicester, over Charley, otherwise barnwood, through the town of Wbitvnck, and' from thence' through Law, to where the road leading from the town of Loughborovgb, to the town of Ajbby de la Zouch, in the said, county, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a place called Snape Gate,

CAP. CVIII

jfn 'act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present majesty ling George tb Thirds intituled, An an act for widening, repairing, and a mending the road from Hejict, by Tews Bridge, to cockermouth; from thence, by Lorton, over Whinlatter, to kef wick, in the county of Cumberland; and from Keswick, by Dummail Rays and Amblefide, to Kirby in Kendall, in the county of Wtftmoreland; and from Plumb garth's Croft, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the lake called Windermere, in the bounty of Westmorland; and from Keswick aforesaid, to the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland

CAP. CIX

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, faffed in the

'second year of his present Majesty's reign, for altering, widening, and amending the road from the north gate of the city of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and other places, to Newtown River; and also the road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wberwtll, to the present turnpike mad at Andover, in the county of Southampton 1 " '' "

CAP. CX

V

An or for enlarging the term and powers of two ars, made in the '/eventh year of king George the First, and the eighth year of king xseoree the Second, for repairing the road from Saint giles's Pound to Kilhourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road', and

also of an al, made in the twenty-ninth year of king George the

Second, to ehable the respective trustees of the turnpike roads leading to Highgate Gate House and, and from

Saint giles's Pound to Kilhourne, to make a new road from the great northern road at jjlington to the Edgware road near Paddington j Jo far as the same is by the said ail direred to ho under the management of the trustees of the said two -

tuned ars.'' V '

CAP.

Anno viqcfimq tertio Georgii in. C i itl £1783;

CAP. CXI*

An act for continuing tbt term, and altering end enlarging the pothers of two alls made in thesecond and twenty-fifth years of tbt reign of his late jhajesty, for repairing the highways between Sheppards Sbori, and Herflty Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the county of wius^ and other ruinous parts of the highways thereunto adjacent

of Par II Vot, XXXIV

THE

Statute at iurge,

Anno vicesimo quarto georgir III Regis.

Being the FOURTH Session of the, Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

you XXXIV PART III

T

i

V

; V

S T A T y T E S at Large,

r

jinno regni G E O R g11 III

tice Britanniay Fran &,

vicejtmo quarto

AT the parliament begun and botden at westminster, the thirty first day of October, Anno fiomini 1780, in the twenty first y of the reign

of our Jovereign lord GEORGE Third, by the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C And from thence, continued, by several prorogations, to the eleventh day November, 178-3 i being the fourth jrjjien of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain,

CAP. I,

An act for continuing and granting to hit Majesty certain duties, upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the feryke of the year one thousand seven hundred s^nd eighty.fout.

Malt act of 1 Geo. 3. further continued to June 14, 17*5, and 6 Geo. i recited. Clause of loan at a]. 10s. percent. Exchequer bills issued by virtue of this act to be placed at caih in the offices of the tellers of the re ^eipt of exchequer; to oe iffuable thereout in common with other moneys, and to be current in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. Penalty on refusal, for4 hours after demand fub}eft to action for the money and full coils. Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer. In ter eft to be allowed till payment: except whilst the bilk are in the hands of receivers, C Bills paid to receivers, C to be signed and dated. Bills may be te issued, both for principal and interest. Receivers to keep books. 1001, penalty on receiver neglecting to keep hooks. Sec. Bills Ailed up by indorsertient; or defaced, to be exchanged. Bills not exceeding 5, 0001, each, may be made forth at the exchequer. Forging exchequer bills, or endorsement thereon, felon V Commissioners to appoint perlbns to pay off principal fuma, which ftiah from time to time be in course of payment upon exthequer bills, as money is brought in, to be paid to the paymastert. Bills to be regiftefed in course. When

f f a money

4q8

Anno vicesimo quarto Geo* on III*—, 6, [ 1783.

moqeykreferredformym.ntrt*to«*«<€. toe control of stye tre^lury. Treasury to fcttl* lab nes of clerks, sc. tad to with periods to circulate bitti, Ac.rthe rat #feft'sets.'mr

pent per an. Comraftoei not difrbled i om being mown of ytnii*Ditnt, Ate. contra&ers may tow oc raise the ioterect, trnfury. Contraftorx to be naid oat of money utued to t|lejmm4ai«. tfo see to be taken by the officers of the exchequer, ca peony to be paid for tnterclt. Charges to be padodt of the cnisy fond/and to be replaced oat of the sir It lopplitt. cuufc of itutf bilfs lolf or dearoyed. Bills discharged to be skncelled. jinking Spprqpriated to djfc]urge national opbts jncurred before Dec. 171c. jdentiency of the tax as Geo. % . ho to he fupq^od Arrears m former dutiq to by applied iu id of the (uppti** granted fof ttte ytar

fr*t ., '

CAP. II;

An act to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the left (effioa

K" meat, intituled, An ft for preventing certain inurumehtn froqi. required from ships belonging to the United States of America }*

tad to gih a Itif fa*power see t«m}

etter carrying of trade ard ejotproercc between the jesty's dominions, and the inhabitant of the said United s^atet,

*3 Geo. 5. C 39* recited 3 and continued until April sor 1784. '

cap. iu. '

An act to continue so much of an made in the Uft fefioa ofparhq*

4 ntent, as allows further pine lor the payment of certain Ipmf uuft p to become due to the public, from the united company of merdbqntt of England tfading so the Eatt Indies 4- '

13 Geo. $ C 83. recited. Commifltoncn of the trqafpry may low (fcf Company furthe/time for ftp payment of their debt due t6 tttepfjbtycfc sill May i, 1784* '.

; C A b IV

An act for granting an aid to hts Majesty by a land tax, so be rtiftd hi

Britan, for the (* rvice of the year one rhontgnd ffw* hpqdfrd

ihd fi|hty fopr.

Four Shillings in the pound

CAP. V

An a to, treble the pm pany of proprietors of the Borrowftqwnnefc

navigably cut'or canal, ''more effe^uajiy to compiet* ahd maintain 'ibf same.

AS 8 Cjeo. 3. C 6 facetted. Company of proprietors impooerod to re a fuithey Turn of t, oool* to be divided into shares of 50b each ' bob (criptions raised fine the passing the foriner aft, deemed part of the cap tal frock. If fuhlci iptions prove deficient, the company may bocroy phoney, and assignthe tqd^ qafccuritj.*'

, % '1

CAP. VI

An act sir (flahlifiwg certain the and

conveyance of letters aridpacicts ty tin toft Great Britain

and Ireland. " 1

Preambte. W^ by an ta made he the fourth year of/be reign Recital of of his present Mqefly, intituudt An act for preventing*Geo. 2. C 14, frauds and abuses in relation to the sending ant) receiving of

letter

Ahrio vicesimo ^qatto GEORGII III C 409

letters ap<fpackets free, 'frost the duty Of portage; ethtr things enoffed, That mo letters or'packtiibythgpi/l; io % r

fror^ anyplace whatfoevtr, ball bt exempted frpht paythg the of'

p^fdjte, txtept Jucb letters And packets as art therein excepted: end

vmteaj a ptfr office ittthe kihgdofn of Ireland jrintended to be tfia

bnfinds, independent if that bf Great Britain jfrr iobieh case it will,

banectjjary that proper regulations be made for tarrying on the cor rtfpbndetite by fiojl, between Great Britain and Ireland, and that be Utters or packets (except in the cases her tin a fur to be mentioned) should pass free of pojlage from the one kingdom to the othpr: fpf /

Which purpdfe, ttlay it please yodr Majesty that it tttajr bfc.eha&*

d; and be it enacted by the King's rtioft excellent majesty, by and With the advice and Content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembledi and by: the authority of the same. That; immediately from and Part of 018 aftdr the ertabiilhroent Of a general port office in Ireland; by recited aftt the authority of the parliament of that kingdom; fd tnuih iff rteeftihiis^ the said a, made mthelbutth year of the feign of his preftht ment of g majesty, as relate id letters and packets, printed votes, pro neral post t ceding in parliament, ahd printed ntwfpapers, parting by the office oy portfire from fife duty of polfagej from jr' Britbin to fre-**"'*" idnd, and from Ireland to Gfedt Britain, Mil be and the fa the

1st hereby repealed; _.

II And whereat the conveyance if letters ahd packets from Great Britain to Ireland, and froth Ireland to Great Britain, is intended' toe bt defrayed at the expend ojfthe revenue bf Great Britain, 1 be it therefore further enabled. That ndthing hefein contained thill Not to Ueprivb deprive, or be eonrtrued iddeprive; the port inafter gin erai fob, he pottmaf the time?bring; >ahd his deputies; df the portage and Convey ^'ssftawe % abco of leners alid packets frotfi Crept and and Iran ire from Ireland to Great Britain, dr pretent the said poftirtafter land, general, and his deputies, from demanding, having; receiving; ahd taking; for the use of hid Majesty, his heirs add successors, thd rates by any aa 6r afrs Of parliament payable for the fsfcme.r " f: -

III frnd be it farther enafrid by the authority aforesaid; thatie/hall and thay be lawful to and ft his Majesty port cemftiissu nvafter generalj and hii deputies, aftd he and they are hereby

required'ro demand and receive, for: the port and cohveyahec*of all letters and packets for Ghat Britain, cjbried by the port general, to be Within any part of Ireland; id addition to the rates of poftagi accounted ff hereby reserved, fuek further rfrds Of portage as shall, upoft thfe to the post establishment of a port office in Ireland, be chained sot cofikey Pjjj?, n, r abea of letter a and packets therein; 'by tni act of ifrsto be hereafter made by the parkament Of that kingdom; and that his majesty'j portmarter general shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to account for and pay to the revenue of thf port office of Ireland, quarterly fitch portage fid to accrue nith

id the kingdom of Irelands, and to he, received within'that of Great Britain.

IV And be it further enabled by the authority afore said..

f 2 Pooolf*fhet* y

vjuuv LV 9

io Anno ticdimo quarto Georgii IU. C fi.'[i^jv

A temporary That, until the general poll office, otlrelani shall. have cfta auowance to bli(hcd packet boat for the port and.conveyance of letters and the'post office p3^615 from Ireland to Great shall he allowed in in faeiand. account, . from the general letter office or post offica it\great Britaiflj. to the revenue of the poll office in afunviioc

ex^fedlng four thousand pounds per annumby quarterly pay ments, in lieu as well of (he profit of the said packets, - as in compensation for other, purposes.

V And be it fprther enacted by the authority aforesaid. General poll That the poll mailer general of Great Britain, and all and every office in Ire other person and persons in whom the buildings eroded) in ad J Dublin, and known by the name of The General pejl <$bct

the'portmaf falanti, are or shall be veiled, shall, and he and they ane^ierw

ter general by several ly authorised and required, so soon as a. poll effie tuic. shall be .cflablilhed in Irela by authority; af the parliament

of.that kingdom, to assign over and convey to the poflmaster. general of Ireland foe the tipie being, for. the use of his Majesty, hi, heirs and fuccellbrs, without any consideratrqnbciagpaid for. the same, all and hqgqlar the said.feuildings, and silt right, tiik', and ihtereft whatsoever, in and, to the same..

.yt And see it further onacted fey the authority aforc&d* Postmaster That it shall apd may feejawful for his^mryefty s poftmafler ken*t*j*y general far the time being to authorise certain.persons to fond tainp«rfoo*r* ', n4 receive printed votes, proceedings parliament, and print to (end and4 uewfpapers, by the pod, to and from britain.nnd. tr*- receive print lanle at the rate of, one penny only for each printed vote and d yotes, Ac., proceeding in parliament, and each printed newfpapevover Ireland^"4h°ve the printed price thereon, to be carried to the re Venn of the pod office of Great Britain j and all printed votes and proceedings in parliament, apd printed newspapers, So font and received, shall be free from any other rate of pottage wfeatfaever. ....

Any person.; .; Provided, That it shall and may be lawful fof .any per

may son whatsoever to send any printed votes, proceeding in par

the**' I lament, and printed newspapers, by the poll, to and from pod, (or i d. greatxbretain and Ireland, at the rate of qifoi penny only. for. foe

each, provided.carriage of caclv printed vote and proceeding.in parliament, and the packets each printed .nevyfpaper; such printed yores, proceedings and eacfcend.** printed newspapers, when solent, to be open at both ends rim penny required to be, paid for the carriage of the same to be paid when the said printed votes, proceedings in. parliament,

and printed newspapers, (halbe put into, the pod office; which primed votes, proceedings, jn parliament, and printed newspapers; be marked Post paid, and the. mpoey received thereon shall be carried tq the revenue of the pofl office of Great Britain.

CAP.

1artfto vicesimo quarto gtoitoi! III ff. fi 41|;

^!; "CAP. VII >

hfn.act to explain and attend an act, .mad jvfflth of fit...

.. tnt, intituled, An act for repealing ah a, rtlarfe t the' ', ., year of his pfefeilt Majesty, entitled; An act - for charging ajldmp duty ufiin inland hills of exchange, promjftfj notes or aether notes, payable btherinfi thah demand', and for granting new stamp duties on bills of exchange, pfomif ibry and other notes; and also stamp ddties bn receipts: and for indemnifying all persons who bavi written .exchangexpromtffiry tr other hole, or any, net Jldmped

cording to law.

^XTHERE AS b$dh aft, made in the fejfon of parliament, ft eamtill#

(entitled, An adb foi repealing an act, made in, the twenty, feeotidyear of htspreftnt Majestyj Entitled, An act fern tbarging if amp duty upon inland bill) of exchange, promiffoty notes, or other notes, payable otherwlft than upon demand', and for grans*

"Sng newftamp dutiesirt bill! of exchange, promiflbry and other notes; and also ftam(f dutlfcj on receipts; ) it was from and after the fihfl day of Augolt, one fetters hundred

hind eighty-three; sliere fiomd be rfifed, levied, eollested, and paid,

-pbrdtghout the kingdom of Gtdt Britain, word and for tie act of his Majesty, his heirs andjuceefbrs, thefeveitl rites and duties follottm tag, ft hat is to say), for every' pieceef t parchment, or

sheet or piece of paper, upon ttihitb any foreign or inland bill of change, promtffory note, or other note, draught, or, should It in

jgroj/cd, written, ofprihtti, wh&r the therein, or

btade payable' thereby, should nit amount - Jam of fifty

here jhottld be chargedaflamp duty offi and sir ewdy

if vellum or parchmtai; or jhcet or piece of piper upon which foreign dr inland bill of exchange, probsijjity or other non, draught, or order, fholtld be ingrojftd, written, or printed. When the sum exprtjfed therein, or made payable thereby, should amount to the sum if fifty pounds, oh upwards, there Jbotld be charged ofuty of one hilling; and it was enacted, That, from And After the first day of Septembef, cue theufand fevtti hundred and eighty tbrei,

there should be hailed, levied, cohested, dnd eke

Kingdom of Great Britain, the several rates and duties fcutwlug;

(that is to say), for every piece of vellum Or parchment, or Jhettt piece if paper, Upon which any receipt or given upon

the payment of money, amounting to two pounds, arid nit to tfre sum of twenty pounds, Jhodld be ingrojftd. Written, or,

there should be charged a stamp duty of two penie; And for every piece efvewim etparcbbihst, or Jhcet er piece of paper. Upon which

any receipt or other discharge given upon the payment of money; amounting to the sum of twtnty pounds, and upwards, should be '*.

grojjed, written; eh printed, there should be charged

fourpence: and it was further enabled sold aft, That ml powers, provisions, articles, claujes, di/lributions of, ant.

forfeitures, and all other matters and things preftribrd Or appolfttej

F f 4'bi

r

i. annqvic^g/np qturto gsojumluit C [{7§$

by gay firmer a or totof pa relating to tbefiamperdmtia

on vellum, parchment, and effmdftru

' w ith relation 49 the duties thereby awjjbtnld beopphod

sit in (xecution for the roiftng, 'levying, coee&tg, aadffeeuftmgjb*

aid new duties thereby unpefed, to the true 'tnttett mi

meaning of the said ail as fully and tt oft.intents, had

fiposes, as if the same bad feverauy and rejpeaiveif been thereby enaffect, fvith relation, to the fold new duties thereby imp fid z .whereas by Jevergl of the laws now in force relating to toe fifinp. duties on vellum parchment, and paper it was Ybatjjfting

perfin or persons Should ittgross, or cause to written, upon any vellumjparchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper, isthereby. Charged to pay any duty before suck ye the faii vtsttm* parti went, or paper, Shall ie marked or stamped as oforgfaid*

'Which there ball net be same mark or lamp rejeumtug the same, nr fts'otddingrofs or write, or cgu he wgrtjffd or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment or paper, he

marked or stamped. for. any lower duty than by fitch afff^gye.

able for what Jhtuld be so ingror written, such per foot foofini

dag field', for every futh offforfeit the fugs, of five, pounds;

and. by other of the said laws the penalty and forfeiture impy/etl an such offence it ten pounds: and whereas double hove arisen, whether thefetid recited a8 of the daft of parliament extendi any nr.

gither, and which of the Penalties by the said fermtr ags

'; of parliament, tt bius of exchange, and other notes, and

receipts or otherdi/charget g

dum, parchment, or paper, net properly ft fifed: foe remedy where, and to obviate such doubts, may it please your msjeay tjwt it majr.be enacted; .and be it enacted by the ksng'smod cxccf jent mriefty, by and with thfc $dvicc and. content of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefenc .partial Mo person, enent assembled, and, by the. authority of.the (ame, That, from

after March isar the twei>tjr hfth day of marcha one thousand ieren

wrltvorfiaa 'hundred and eighty-four, all and every person or periods who any bill of Hullwrite or signor cause to he written orsigned, any bid of exchange, .exchange, promissory or other note, or any receipt ortothep<dtf jsharae given for the payment of money, liable to.any ftarop ceiptfliame charged by the said recited ait of the lait.session of psrlia

to any tamp meat, upon any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, without duty by the the same being first duly damped as in and by the said AIS trfson**^ directed, or upon which there shall not be some damp or najrrfc cepton stamp. rcktnbling the same, he, (he, or they Shall, for cvcry such bill ed paper, cof exchange, promissory or other note, or any such receipt or on penalty of other discharge, so written or ftgned, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as in and by the ..said recited acts is diredfed, or in manner herein after men

All aerihaa'l>rov^e^ >lw*y*» and be it enacted by the authority afore iitdtmriitd laid. That no person shall be liable to any prosecution for hav

tarhawag ing written or signed, or cabled to be written or Signed, pre

vtoufc

Atujo yfctfimc quarto gtus&cni lit. C V 4i j

vioostto^the coitmcrictttient bf This act any bhlbf cxchanj^v Cgtierf foe promrflbry ordthcr note, Or any Receipt ot Other di&harge for reccjp^»^the paymept of money, upon any piece of vfcllum, parchment, ^t*r, foes or papery not duly ftamped accor^ing to the directions contain the com. ciin the fa id recited act df e last fefftoh of parliament. mencerowitrf

'Ml, 'And'whereas drafts cr orders for the payment of money on thil detkemd upon 'any banker or person or persons sitting as a banker, r fiiitfg or transa&ikg the bufmefi of a banker within icy miles ofthk plait'pffibode f the per Job cr persons drawing such draught or order, amimptei bp the foetid bir$in bcft>re reeked aft from the payment of the samp duty thereby imposed: and whereas it might tend to pre leni ttrfons, if fochixttopfim was confined to drafts cr orders mptde payable it the bearerbe it therefore further enabled. That all Draught m drafts Or orders, for the payment of money on demand, upon hanker, not airy ©anker, person or persons adingas bankers, which are not'w^.^ to the drown payable to the bearer, shall be, and the same are hereby the

declared to be; liable to and chained with the fiamp duties by tame duties .the eeui ^heretis before recited act imposed upon foreign or in» ot; landbtusfof exchange, promi(tory notes, or other notes, drafts exchange, Sec or'enters* theherein before recited exemption in the said act to the contrary thereof notwhhstanding.

V And whereas it was not the intention of the said recited act " tojubjebtto anyfiamp duty any note, drafts or order, which may be legally gfaen for'anyjum not amounting to forty billings, therefore be kenactedi That no lamp duty shall be required for or on tfott«*&c. account ea any draught, ordfcr, or note, which may legally be under 4^1. given, wherem the futh exereflcd or made payable does hot anrmoot io the sum of fotiy shillings. anywy.

V And xvbefeasy by net said herein befdre recited aftythe duty thereby granted on receiptvis diredfed to be paid by the petfon reyuir, ing the faene/(except as therein cs exceptedj, and a penalty is by this ssh impofti Ofraty person who ball give a receipt on any parchmentf vellum, at paper, not properlystamped as by the said act if directed: and whereas it wduld be a great convenience to traders and others to furnish the receipt properly stamped, if they were allowed to make if

charge thereof*be it therefore enacted, hat it shall and may Personi re be lawful for soy person or persons required to give any required to give ceipt, to provide the paper stamped and marked as by die said*rep recited act is efireded; and such person or persons shall and may adefthe value of the stamp to the debit of the account of chmge n fthe.person requiring the same, or to the demand, for the dif value tfecjeot charge of which the said receipt was required; which said charge so made shall be allowed to be good and valid in any court of law or equity.

VI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Rcoeiptafor thing In this act, or in the herein before recited act contained, thr pare shall extend, or be. cqqftrued to extend, to charge or impose m7f V**, any stamp duty upon any receipt given or to be given for the sfordhi xonfideratidn for the purchase of any share in any public flock derd* tfcrreof* or fund, or in the flocks of the corporations of the bank of not hableto

' England, duf>'«

4*4 Anno vicesimo quirto fjeoroii ITT. £. f. f,

England Edft India company, or South Sta company, or for the dividends paid or payable on such shares of the fcid flocks, ^thofifor Vlli Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by drawbacks, the authority aforesaid, That riothlng in this act, or in the be fore recited act of the last session, (hill extend, '6r be confirmed to extend, to charge any receipt given or required to be given*for aily money payable by law to any merchants for drawbacks pr bounties upon the exportation of any goods or merchandizes from this kingdom, nor to any certificates of over entry of any duties or customs; nor to any portage bills allowed to matters of ships of vessels for making a just arid true report of their fcargo at the customhouse; any tiling in this act, or any other': act or acts of parliament, to the contrary ndtwithstanding.

fto bill of'VIII Provided also, alnd be it further enacted That no bhl exchange, of exchange, promissory of other note, receipt or other dit nor recharge given for the payment of moneys required td be stamped ltamped0after Incited a of the last session of parliament, shall be

written.or«permitted to be stamped at any time after the same flwlll have signed, uttiefs beeri written or signed, unless upon payment bef the fuin of ren upon payment pounds; ahd; the proper officer and officers are hereby enjoined ° 16*and required, upon payment of the duty, and the said funa of ten pounds, unto him or them, to give & receipt for the same; and to ftiark or (lamp such bill of exchange, promissory note, receipt or other dischargp given for the payment of money,

V / tvith the: .mark for (lamp required by the fnid htfem before re j \ \: !; cited aft'/ \\\\ m m

anvneigh*IX And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, '

bouring juf That it shall and may be lawful to attd for any justice of the t ee may de peace reading'near the place where the offence shall be com ^ncjngainst Head, to, hear ?nd determine any offence agairift this act, of tbii act. the said recited act of the fast lesion df parliament Which subjects the offender to the penalty of five pounds for writing of signing, for causing to be written or iigned, dhy bill of ex chartgc, promissory or other npte, or any receipt or other discharge given upon the payment of money, without the same being first duly ftatripod; which fard justice of the peace fs here; r by authorised and required, upon any information exhibited,

of complaint made, in that behalf, to summon the party ae

cussed, and also the wirneffes on either side, and to examine into the matter of fast; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confcffioti of the party, of by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnefies, td give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture as in and by this act is i^ffidti** may directed, and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand b^ievied by and scat for the levying the said penalty of five pounds so ad

iiutrcu. judged on the goods of the offender; and to cause sale to be

made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six { urr days, rcndcring to the pany the overplus, (if any); and where fender to be t, lc g0ck, s of such offender cannot be found sufficient to attswer Qommiued. the penalty, to commit such offender to prison there to remain

for

anrtt)vicfe&na gttmtollui.'copr ' 4*1

for thefpaoeef three srionths* unlwkfuch pectinfeay penalty "'shall be (boner'paid and satisfied: arid if «nry perfoaar pecfona perth)wag shall find himself orftrenbselves aggrieved by the judgement of noyfucb justicejthen 'he orthcylhau and may, upbft giving , o(ertec«. feowrity to the amount of the value of factr penalty and foot nty) appeal to feittite, - together with faohebfta .its. shall be awarded in edit the quarter fiieh judgement hail be affirmed, appeal to the jnftieesriftbe peace at the next'general quarter Hfffionsidr the bounty, ridings vrplace, whichithsm happen ahsrittatfteen days next after facta con vision shall have been made, and df which apfieai radon able notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witneflfcs Uport oathy and finally to hear and whose dettr determine tie same: , and in case tl>e judgement of such juftiqe n»in»ttoo shall bd'affirmed, t shall be lawful ror such: jufocei. to' jiwara the persan of pprfens to payfutheofts occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem tneet. Provided neveetheiefs, That Justice may it shall and'may bdlawfiil to and ferthe said jdftfeej wbett he I

shall see cadfe; 'to mitigate andleflen any such penalties as he ni Ue'*

(hast think fit, treasonable posts and charge of the officer and. Informers, as well in makingithe discovery ain <prafeartirtg the same, being always allowed, over and abott rtboh*'mitigation}, and so as such mitigation dq. not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and cft&rges; any shing'tfonfainetfhvrtb af, or atpy othfcr adv of parliament, to the contrary nbtwithftaitding.

X And be it further enacted, .That if any pcr(pp, ot persons Penalty an

shall be summoned as a witness or witnestes, to giveeviddcce fine

before such jufdce or justices, touchin| any tie m«tqrs rp

lattve to this adft or to the hefeilffoefofe recited act orpe lat shall neglect session of parliament, and (hatl neglect or refuse (6 appear at thy to appear, time and place to be for that purpose appointed; (bis. or her reasonable expends being fist paid or wndfefed^; 'withoor a reasonable excuse fcrr such neglect Or refofal, tb be allowed of by such juwce or justices of the peace, of appearing, shall re fsjfe to be examined on oath*..end give evidence before Aieh juftke or justices of the peace bofere?whom the ptofecutkmlhali be cfependimg, 'that then every fufrfi person foall forfeit, for everjr sikh qncrt'ce, the fom of toffy Shillings, to be levied and paid ih such manner, and by fitob means, as is herein dkeded as to other penalties, without*reasonable ex€ti(d "f- -- fiaftl, to be allowed of by such justice or justices bf the peace

XI And be it further enacted, ' That all forfeiturpsfcafvd pc penawe* and

nalties mentioned in this act (the eeceflary eharges for the re forfeiture covers thereof being first deduced )shall be divided and diftrf 0**'

bated, one moiety thereof to the receiver-general of his ma jestyvftarilp duties, (or fomc person authorised by him to receive the lame), for the use of his Majesty, and the other

moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XIL Provided also, and be it enacted That no person or Cowptaiatt,

persons C under this

4*«,

ik, to bit fciade wit hilt*year afttt that oftcncd.

annoviccfiidd (Junto georgii IIL C 8; t. [17i3.

person shall be liable to beacon vi&fid before any justice of peace for any offence Committed against tbh ad, or an act inpi An at fvh thtulifig ari ofl, made tbi f,

pxtftnt a&tftflfr intituled, Art act for charging a ftaotpdtoty inland .bills of exchange, proratftbry tews, - ooothernoteay an aue oahnrwifetfaan rtpondetnarid; Mi ftrgritting a^aojdnft ddtiet en tills if exchange, prmiffbrj and other rates, and, dutitienreceiptsi on)c&complaintor informattoa4uh bemads Or exhibited against such person or perform wi tfeift ote ytaad after such offence committed;

, ..C A piviifi -! ter M) six

An act for the more iity and speedy recovery of witfiia the

town nod port of Dovor, and the. pafifbes Of Umritoo^ Unrtrlimfa 'river, Ewell, Lydden, Cotdred, Eafttangdon, West Larigdon, Ril^* Would, Saint Margaret's At Cliss, wjntftdd Otherwise Beatosfidd^ Gufton, Hongham otherwhe* huffb^m# Capfe It Fern, and Atfcham, 'and also the liberty of Oovor Cattle, in the county of k^nti t V ".

The name and style to be the Court 6f Resets in that Totm atfdtffert of Dovor debts above stf. and Under 40 s may be recovered therein conf jnii&oiitfs appointed.*-*.*.'

/. cap. it, V ': V

An act to enlarge that powers of an a mad in Hit tbf

reign of his late majsjty King George the Second, irtx£ukd,an>ftfcr draining and preserving certain marsh and fen lands, and kw jrniftij in that parish of Wiggenhull srintmafy Magdalen, in the

morftht.' - - - 4t '

t^.si; \;*

Recital of an t^yg«p. ». & if.. tofmhlflioriers in ((us. Meetings of commurentra as in*n*"to say a further tat bf . J

ot Sdttb and Hottb Headin lands off the est ftdtofvfaid

f*s. tfdf. per dear per arn on lands bn Heading Drains, and r V5 d/pef ioe bear 1 ofvfaid dftdnt. Rates ft be m'lmh i until payment of the mora abe, frotm^ed. j fasterttf bofttfcfl and to assign the rates as i tecurity. Mortgageebjriytdirtftsag sqod

that money to be, borrow, jusd interest thereof Ciedtotrt m'dhbidl fof interest. if not paid half yearly, or withip three fhtotbetiftfn Aetata rides transtiprrable. A dabi, bankv drdiq, and umc^jtodx wkbii tbrtt months after paling this a a, tcrots'yhe eiid of The forth jfgofc, Froriio, that at she ekpiraftion Of fomnears, if nidd^m, cial to the dran|ge of hmdadputh.nf sod shud^lmd/^fanseso be rertioved, . May jnake^allpwa^ct for.catcbi^g ..mol^iaqdivttb^u rwb^ trees of nbl^rth bise within 400 ertftod by eh&or the former&\

within that fiiote duusicv. NO

drainage of oipitraown jamroniy.^ dclpbik*9me> of

to this. AH £u(anto be conmhtnctd within ________

brought ih ndftpftjv central*«ut, Trebk Costs tv .ra

: , .7 77 7*..«*. ": 1 u Jr

W - -*- J J >. f.

, 'r -; . S. ! /.

''s; ............... CAP.

pb3.] Anno vicesimo quarto Gborqii III p, to — o a,

; rt 1 ] t 8.'. j 11 "''

CAP. X

in for appointing commissioners tq nut in execution an act of this teflion of parliament, intituled, A nft for granting an aid to lima.: : r'

jetty by a land Ux, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fenrice of the year one thousand leven hundred and eighty-four; together with those named in two former ab for appointing conjinifjioner* of the land tax and with those named in an act of the lait (elhon of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for ttye service of the year qnf thousand fetren hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XI

An act for punhbing mutiny and defeetioli 1 and foe the better payment of the army and their quarter \

1.»N tl 1»/ '

Nmator offorcet 17, 4*3, including, ojo invalids, pontinped for one year.

C a p.: xn. \

ftn ofl to autborife the removal of prisoners efrtain cases; on if

amend the eaves rtfptfling theoranfportat'mof offenders.

WHEREAS difficulties have occurred, which Moped pfttmw*.

V V the tarrying into execution ftnttncts and orders of transportation of convuls to places beyond the feat', and it may be same time before. the said diffint/tiettan be obviated: and whereas, from the un

ufuaiiy, great, number of offenders new under death and

refybted during his Majtjly's phasure, or under fentente or order of transportation, its the gaols within England Wales, is

futh a want of convenient and efficient room in many gaols

then very dangerous caufogvtutes atrt to bo apprehended, unleft some immediate prmfionbe mode for removing futb offenders to same other

plate cfxonfpetnent: be it therefore enacted Toy the king's moult rxcetfept nhuefty, by end with the advice m.d.. content of the lords fpiiitual and temporal, and com moot, in this present parliament aflesnwfd, and by the authority' of the lame. That, Hit Mijtfty front and Tttlfoediately after the twenty hftb day of one imnowered to

theiifapd .fevea hundred and eighty-four, it/bail he lawful for 10

his Majesty. from time to time, by an order in writing to be jvmrs notified by one of his majesty's principal feoretariet of ft ate, or of peace to for any three or more of fitch of his mijesty's justice of the order, the repeace acting in and for the county, city, or placet m which of "*" such gaol wall be situated, as shall be authorised by his Ma r feotence' jetty, under his sign manual, to direct the removal of any one of death, cor more male offender or offendera, who, during the coarinu from any gr pnee of this act, shall he under (entance of death with a reprieve i" g( during hit Majestyb plcafnire, or under lenience or order of w* transportation, and who, baring been examined by.an experienced surgeon or apothecary, thau appear to be free from any putrid or infc&ipua distemper, and fit to be removed from the gaol or prison in which such o/fcoder or offenders shall be confined, to such place of confinement within or the dominion

; aot

or

to de jfjter offender t according to such orders, withes'proper' {frufifmf.

Gaolers sees, and expenses of icmoval, to be paid by jbe county.

Ovtrfcertp to whom such

Sriionera are divered, to have theiame powers over them as gagi. fh C

a#md uitfeflfttop*w*<* Oroaiwi HIC. f 1« [ 17s

minion of /if'i/rt, either at land, or on board any ship ar vdfci in the river Thames or any"navigable or oilier river or within the limits of any port of England or ivala, as his Majesty, ot ny thto bir more of such jufrices, authorised as aforekkl* lhafl from time to time appoint, and under the xnan^mmi of ant vcrfeeror over/eers to be appointed by his majesty^.oe.w three efr triore of such justices authogifed as afaceiaid; and offender who l^iali be f removed shall continue rathe fed place of confinement, ox be removed to and confined in any aether such place or places as aforesaid, s his maje(iy9«as any three or more of such justices, authorised as aforesaid from time to me shall. appoint until such offender be. transported according touw or by the expiration of the term C such trvnfportation, or otherwise, shall be entitled to his LI

Sty, or until his Majesty, or until ny three or more ef such [ices, authorised as aforesaid, shall direa the rett^m of^frefi tnder to the gaol oj prifc^ from whi$h heltull have been (b removed,

/ IL And be it farther epacted, Tfiat th iherifpoc gamier, having the custody of any offenderwfiofe removal Audi oe ordered ir manner aforesaid, shall, \yith all convenient ipeed after receipt of the notification of any suchordof^ cotsvey^ or capfe to be conveyed, every such offender totheplaceappoinr edr and there deliver him, with*certificate of b>»r durfftian name, surname, and age, and of his offence and ofi the coart in which he was convided, and also of the purport of his Sentence, to such overseer .or overseers as aforesaid trim fhatfgrve a proper receipt ip writing to the sheriffor gaoiecy fijr tkojdtf charge of fitch (heriflf*r gaoler.; V

Ilf. And be it further enacted, That all fees, m^elhicsin* out of the custody of fu$h Ihcrrff or gaoler any fudr offender (q ordered to be removed, as hath ufuatty bten paid, and wfcol4 have beet due to hem respectivety if such offewder had bdn removed in order to have been transported, and U itajahable expenses which lit sheriff or gaoler shall incur in every seth, removal, shall be paid by the county, riding city, hbrotigb, liberty, or other division, for which the court m Wtiohithe offender was convtded shall have bees held 5 and the'fhetjff or gaoler shall receive the money due for such fees and expenses from the treasurer of such county riding, city, hetoogh, liberty, or other divigon* such spes and expenses bring fast allowed by the order of the justi cos of the peace attheir quartern or other general sessions of the peace, who act hereby raprired to males fitch order as hah be justin that b*h^> M*1

IV And be rf further enabled. That after deeeei^> of^ny Offender under this acv the overfeev who (hallhawe the ebftody of him shall, during the term of such custody, /hsvcvthe lame pesters over trim3' atietaddtnc to the oflue of a sheriff or gaoler and m like manner be answerabk fbriany escape of such offender'; and also during such custody ffiafr teed and clothe sikh ofifeudcr, and (hrimsep him^4u(fh madfter, and

when

78 g, 3 Anno vicesimo quatfs>, 5i£ob©jiili & 1*. 419

vbere the same can safely be'done, permit Mm to labour at uch places, and under fitch directions, limitations, and.reftric ions, as his Majesty, or as any three or more of such justice** ruthorified as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, t>y dny order: a be directed to fuph overseer or oyerfcprs for their instrudipn, appoint; and mall allow hijp half the profits arising from such Prisoner tft labour for his own ufej1 and in thp mean time, as nearly in j**u°w.ed conformity io the treatment of pcrfoos committed so houses of correctiop as the. nature of the c*fe will allow.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no but shall not

thing contained in this act shall extend to authorise putting to*

labour any person, whilst he continues confined by vjrtpe of work tins ad, who shall not content thereto,

VI An it .is hereby declared. That qll the timp during Time of im

which any offender, being removed under the provisions afore prifopmtnt te said, shall continue confined by virtue of this act, shall be reckoned in discharge, or part discharge, or satisfaction of the of tranc.

term of his {rapfportation, so far as such time shall extend. portatioa.

VJI. and.be it further enacted, That if any offender shall, overreersmny during such custody under this act, be guilty of any milbcha inflict mode viour or disorderly conduct, it shall be lawful for such overseer rtwpf"lfh'jr pt overseers. the custody of such offender, to inflict, or srtmrioarae, fause to be inftided, such moderate puniflunent as may be in ffided by law on persons committed to a house of correction) and if any fuph offender shall break from, or unlawfully leave ihn custody of such overseer or overseers, or if any person shall refeue, or attempt to refcuc, or alfift in rescuing, any such offender from such custody, or hall supply any arms orinftra* tnent of escape, or any disguise to such offender, every such pffence shall pa punithable in the same manner as if such offender was in a.gaol or prisen, i the custody of the sheriff or pthcr gaojer, far. the crime of. which such offender shall have been convicted.

And be it - further enacted. That the overseers of the Overseers to several places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this make returns pdvfinll, from time, to time, make returns. specifying the o the court lames of every person io their custody the offeoce^of which he of King s shall have been guilty, the court before which be shall have Bench, the been convicted, the (entente of the court, with his age, and soil day of bodily ft ate, .and his behavnour whilst in custody also the mry name of such offenders who shall have died under such custody, or shall have efoaped, or have been lawfully released from the same; which returns shall be made the first day of every term

fco his majcfty, court of King's Btnch at, on the

oath of the person or perfossomking'the lame > such oath to b

before the said court or any commissioner authorised te sake affidavit! in the same..

IX And yohates there art fhvertl persans in county and

(itj, goals in England and Wales, under internes and orders'mode hyajttjliwar justices ef peas at their fijitns, or in s

furnmaryw&j^ oftd net warding ft tit ustrft;

be

J

4i0 Afina vicesimo quarto geqrgii III e. t. [iy8j.

be it further enaftct|, That it (halt and may be lawful for a»jr a renwve voce of albae or great session, or any two or more justices of; prisonertcom the peace, within whole jurifdk5hoi> the said gaol it Situate, to mfeted hr juf remove any such person or persons to any house of correctioa ea of peace, within the feu jurlldiition, there to remain in execution of the said Sentence or order.

X And whereas the security required by an faffed in the

fourth year of the reign of hit late King George tbf (intituled, An act for the further preventing robbery, burglary, 'and other felonies, and for the more effectual transportation of felons, and unlawful exporters of wool; and' for declaring the law upon same points relating to pirates), relates only to tie fortation of offenders to his Majesty's colonies and tn

America: and whereas an till, faffed in the nineteenth year hie

frefent afaje/ty, intituled, An act to explain and amend the saws relating to the transportatioh, imprisonment, and other puomb ment, of certain offenders), bath not provided any feevrity to bo Any court taken fo/feod thereof; be it ensiled. That it shall and may be |awfu| for a, y court, having competent authority to order the she tnn&or. transportation of offenders, or any person or perfaqs duly natation ofof thorifed for that purpose, to require and take, from any person fcadcr>, fp)jr or persons who thai) be willing to contract or agree see the cepi transportation of any offender or offenders, Sufficient security mdiwfecu that he or they will transoort, or esufe to be transported effec iky for their toally, such offender or offenders to the place to which he, fhc, wmijporting or they, is; are, or shall be ordered to be transported; and that kw lethe said offenders, or any of them, shall not be Suffered to return from the said place to any part of Great Britain, by the wilful default of such person or persons so corn raising as aforesaid, or his or their assigns) and instead of the certificate required by the said ail of the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, to take security for the production of such other evidence of the ailual transportation of inch offender or offenders as shall appear necessary, and as the nature of the case may warrant.

XI And vohertos the provisions of the said ail i faffed in the nineteenth year of the reign ef his frefent Majesty( (, act to

explain and amend, the laws mating to the transportation, unit offender! prisonment, and other punishment, of certain offenders), are

notfuffklent to obviate the difficulties which have ariftn in tarrying tusufierted rucinikn fententes and orders for offelons, and

toihtpiace others now astder confinement: and whereas, in order tefaeistott mentioned in the transportation of such felons, and others, it is nectssary, that au t Set r same nee, shortly Should be given to transport them to any proper place beyond** fa*although the said place be not mentioned in the fentente or

fcemsyerder order feet their tronfportatidn: be k ensiled. That if any offender

tun to b hath already been ordered to he transported to any part beyond

transported the feasor if hereafter any offender shall be under the fike

2*«, tlwv<r estdtr, d such order cannot be conveniently executed with sal think trefpea to the place in such order mentioned, it (halt and may

ftafer. be lawful for the court of King's Bench, or for the court before

which

1783*] Awichvicesimo quarto Georgii III C i2; which any fisch perfoiv hath b$*n or shall be cgnvidfed, or anf court holder for the same county, city, riding, liberty division, or place, haviqg like, authority; or whilst the court of King's Bench is not sitting, for any two justices of the court of King's Bench, Common Puns, or barons of the Exchequer, of the degree of the coif, iftuch court, or such two justices. or barons, shall t)tink ftr, ta order that, such offender shall be transported to any Other part beyond the seas, which shall appear to such court proper for tha£ purpose, in fpeh and the like manner, and for the fapae term of yrs, as such offender is or shall be liable tq be, transported to the place mentioned in the original fenteneef orf order, for his or her transportation; 4 and such order (hull be conf^dcred^s made at the same time, and shall be as cffedlual tip every intent"and purpose, and (tiau have all the same consequences in every respect, as the opgioal.order for thetranfpor tafiqn of (iuch offender $ and such pffender shall be transferred Obeyed, and made over to any person who will contract for he performance of such transportation, and to his or their ail^gpa, . ih like manner as if such offender had been transported to jh$ place mentioned in the original order of transportation 1 nqd (hch person or persons so contradfing as aforesaid, his or ^(iigp$, . by virtue of such order of transfer as aforesaid, mfjlitavea property m.d.. jptereft in the service of the said of tender for the remainder of the term for which the offender was originally ordered to be transported $ in case such offender io ordered for transportation shall be afterwards at large within aqy part of this kingdom of Great Britain, without fotne lawful c^use, before the expiration of the term for which such offender ftalj have been ordered to be transported, every such offender, ^i^hereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death as in cases of. felony, without benefit of. clergy; and shall be tried before nd in such manner, and the same, evidence made of for his or her conviction, as are directed by the laws now i^jbcing for the trial of other felons found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which they were ordered to be transported; whoever shall discover, apprehend, and prosecute to conviction of felony without benefit of clergy, any such pffender so found at large within this kingdom, shall be entitled to the like reward of twenty pounds and certificate, and in the lame manner as any person may be entitled to for discovering, apprehending, and profecutipg to conviction, any offender ordered to be transported, and found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for >yhicb such offender was ordered to be transported: provided always, jthat it shall not be lawful to order any offender to bo transported to the coast of Africa, who shall be under fentcace or order of transportation to any other place.

XU. And be it further enacted, That the expends of carrying this act into execution, not otherwise provided for, shall be annually laid before both hoyfes of parliament; and after.de*dudling thereout the profits, if any, arising from the earnings Vol. XXXIV Gg*ot

4v

Offenders returning before the expiration of their terra to foffer death.

sol reward for prosecuting such of feeders.

Expenses of " executing this act to be laid annually before both houses of parliament.

422

Anno vicesimo quarto gfioroli III C i3. [it

of the offenders who shall Iibour in any of tftt pi tort of confinement to be appointed by virtufe Of this&, shall bit prtfvfcfcd for in the next (applies to be granted to his Majesty by parliament.

Persons profc XIII And be it farther ehaaed, Thfct if any fiiit or action cuted for cxe shall be prosecuted against any person or persons for any tiling aaml y plead one n pursuance of this act, such person btperfdirs may plead the general the general issue, and givt this act, or 'thfe speciil matter, in issue; evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fatafe

was done by the authority of this act: and if a vetdta shall bass for the defendant or ddfendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or disconthtue his, her, or their a Avon, or aaions after issue joined; or if bn dednifrer, or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff br plaintiffs, the and, on ob defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the rcmcjy r ^amc* as any defendants hkve by law in cover treble" other cases; and though a verdia shall be given to any plaintiff costs. in such aaion or suit as afore said, such plaintiff shall not have

costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom die trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the verdia. Limitation of XIV And be it further enacted, That all aaions, suits, and actions. prosecutions, to be commenced against any person or persons

for anything done in pursuance of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county and place whefe the faa Was committed, and shall be commenced within six calendar months after tbfc faa committed, and not otherwise.

Continuance XV And be it further enacted, That the provisions of this f this act, A, so far as the same extend to authorise the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, shall continue to be in force for one year, to be computed from the twenty fffth day of Marcby one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and also to the end of*the then session of parliament; or if the said term of one year shall not determine during any session, then till the end of the then next ensuing session of parliament, and no longer,

CAP. XIII

An act for defraying the charge of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one yeary beginning the twenty-fifth

M March, one thousand even hundred and eighty-four; and fining the number of deputy lieutenant; , and justices of the "peacel to act in the execution of the laws relating to the militia.

XV AND whereas by the laws now in being relative to the raising and training of the militia foroes, certain aftt are required to be done by three deputy lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one jujtice of the peace or h one deputy Keutenekt end two justices of the peace: and whereas it frequently happens that three deputy lieutenants, or two deputy lieutenants and one jtefthe xj the peace > or one deputy lieutenant and two justices of the peace cannot be ajembled for such purposes9 whereby many inconveniences hate

stifeni

I

tyz$.] Aftrio vloejtmd cjuirto oeciroii ltl. C 4

arisen be it therefore enacted, That m all cases where any acst ^||,^rscherc' is required by the laws now in force to be done by three deputy °°ed^lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one juftrce of the done by three peace, or by one deputy lieutenant and two jgftices of the d?p. lieut. peace, such as may be done by two deputy lieuteriants, or by aml one deputy lieutenant and one justice df the peace; and such ytwo<\cp* acts to done shall be as valid and effedtutfl as if the fanrtd were licutsi done by three deputy lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one justice of the peace, or by one deputy lieutenant and two justices of the peace; any former && or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV

An act to continue the provisions of an act of the twenty'third of hie present Majesty, for granting a bounty upon the exportation of britifu and Trifh buckrams and tillettings, British and Irish linens, British cal. licoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, (tain ed, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited time.

*3 Geo. f. C ai. recited; and continued whilst a bounty upon exportation of 'buckrams and tillettings, linens, calicoes, artd cottons, mixed with linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, filall continue to be given by any a ft of parliament in Ireland.

CAP. XV

An act for further continuing, for a limited tilde, an act made In the list iession of parliament, intituled, An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the United State!

f America i and to give to his Majesty, for«limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the! subjects of hit 'majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the said United States.

03 Geo.). C )9» recited | and further continued until June so, 1784*

CAP. XVI

An act for allowing further time for in roll ment of deeds and wills mad by Papiffct, and for relief of Protestant purehaftr*

Act 3 Geos. continued to Sept. I, 17s4.

cap. xvir.

An act for the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on fhdrt, - — Same as last year.

CAP XVIIL

An tfft for regulating, smd rendering more effectual, the «*£ftion oflh# ft suite work withm the Jure of ndittburgh.; and 'for aurhoriftog the trustees for putting in 'execution fevecal act for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburgh, to borrow gpon the credit of the lolls ariftng within the district of Lafwade, a further fn?n of mpney, to be applied for payment of certain sums borrowed on the personal fecu* rkyot the said trustoes; and for further vaporing thexcodt within tbt aid di ft rift,

Cgz

cap.

S'

424 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 19 — 24. [1783s

CAP. XIX

An act for settling the rates for the carriage of pafiengers and goods for hire to and from the lile of Wight.

Prices of carriage to be assessed by the quarter sessions. Penalty on taking higher rates 51, to be levied by distress and sale of goods, and in default one month's imprifooment. Mailers names. See. to be put on vessels $ a table of rates affixed in the cabin. See. and also a description of houses, registered for receiving goods; upon pain of forfeiting 51. Exception as to veltels carrying Hie mail, See. junlefs engaged to carry paftengers, Sec. at an earlier hour. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Mailers of vessels to appoint and engage houses for lodging goods, Sec. To be registered by the clerk of the peace. Books to be kept at such houses, to enter goods delivered therein. Fees for entering goods in such books to be iucertained by quarter sessions. Carriers to deliver goods without delay at registered houses. Inhabitants of the isle of Wight competent witnesses. Convictions not to be quafbed for want of form Form of conviction. Limitation of actions. Public, ast.

CAP. XX

An act for the appointment of an additional for the inter

government of the poor of the parish (Bradford, in the county o/wilt*.

CAP. XXI

An act for building a bridge over the river Ouse, at Newhaven, in the county of Sussex...

XXII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an in the

fourth pear of the reign of his for repairing and

widening the road from in the couoty of

through Wallingford and Pangbarne, to Reading in the county of Berks j and for building a bridge over the river s at or near Shillingford Ferry.

CAP. XXIII

An act to continue and enlarge the term and powers tf alt made in the third year of the reign of his present An

at for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Kirkby Kendall, in the county of to

Jreleth, in the county of

CAP. XXIV

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an all, made its tie fourth pear of the reign of his present for repairing and

widening the road from in the county of

Nottingham, to The Croft Post upon Smalley Common, in the county of Derby; and from llkejlon to the towns of Heater and Shipley, in the said county of Derby \ and from Trowtll, in the county of Nottingham, to the town of Nottingham; except so far as relates to the road leading from Ilkeftdn to the town cf Shipley.

CAP

x783*] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 25 — 29! CAP. XXV

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act of the third year

of the reign of his present Majestyfor repairing the roads from

Lems ford Mill, through Welwyn and, and by Cory's

Mill, to Hitchen, and from, through, to

fiitcben, in the county of Hertford.

CAP. XXVI

for enlarging the term and powers of an in the

Jiftb year of the reign of his pre Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the south end of Newton Abbott to the passage way in Kingswear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth'Hardness, and from the end of a lane leading out of the

turnpike road between Newton Abbott and towards

Abbott's Kerswell, to Five Lanes j and from Langver's Barn to the said turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton Warborough to Mont's Bridge and Brixham £>uayj and from Langver's Barn to the north end of Paington Jown, all in the county of Devon.

CAP. XXVII

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an ail, made in the fectni year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the Lost turnpike road, in the parish of Creed, in the county of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Euan Lanthorne; and from Dennis Water to three hundred yards on the south side of Tretbi Mill in the parish of Saint justin the said county.

CAP. XXVIII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the Jeeond year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and.keeping in repair, the road from Cajlle Street, at the end of the town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town's End; and from or near the guide poll at Waleot town's End, in the county of Leicester, to the eighty mile (lone in field, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. XXIX

An act for continuing the term and powers of two acts, made in the sixteenth and twenty feeond years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the highroad from Boroughbridge, in the county of York, to Catheritk, in the same county j and from thence to piers bridge, on the river

t(ts,

Gg3

CAP.

Anno vigefhnc quarto Gjorgij HI. C 30-^34; [1783. CAP. XXX

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an ally in tit

second year of his present Majesty o intituled, An act for

amending and widening the road from the turnpike road at or near the town of Swindon, to the north end or side of the town of Marlborough; and from the said town of Mqrlhorofcgb to the village of Eyerley, in the county of ipilts,

CAP. XXXI

jfn all for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an oil of the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the town of Barnjtaplex la the county of Devon.

CAP. XXXII

Ad ail to antinut and enlarge the term and powers, ea act, made in the second year of that reign of bit prof out Majesty, entitled,

An act for repairing and widening the road from Qosham, in the county of So, to thp city of

it, hejitr.

CAP. XXXUJ.

An act for continuing the term, and powers of an all, mpdf «* that third year of the reign of his present, repairing the

road from the fourteen mile stone, in the parish of Mothvey, to Tavern Spite, in the county of and for repairing,

amending, and keeping in repair, severed roads Within the said county.

CAP. XXXIV

An act for continuing and amending an act of that fourth year of'his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the market place in t; and

from the'tenth mile stone in the parish of Gefbertown, to the eighth mile stope in the parish of, in the county of

ltnu/u.

THE

THE

Statute at fcarge,

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III Regis.

Being die FIRST Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Q

Ml

THE

STATUTES at Large,

j4mo regni GEORG 11 III Regis, Mag

rue Britannia, Franc, &

vicesimo quarto

AT the parliament begun and held at west minster, the eighteenth den May, Anno Domini 1784, in the twenty fourth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, f ing, defender of the faith, C Being the first session of the sixteenth parliament of Great Britain,

CAP. I.

An act for further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty? intituled, An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from fhipa belonging to the United States of America s and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the said United States.

Act as Geo. 3. C 39. continued till Aug. 1, 178a, and further continue patil Aug. 1, 1785.

CAP. II

An act to itnpower the east-india company to make a dividend to the proprietors of east-india stock, at Midiummer, one thousand feveq hundred and eighty-four.

>

Baste India company empowered to make a dividend for the half yea? ending July 5, 178^, not exceeding 4 percent 5 on capital of s, aoo, oool.

CAP.

43°

Anno vitefuno quarto Georgii III C 3. {1784i

CAP. III

An act fur mure effectually preventing frauds and abnfes commttad

by perfom employed in the manufactures of tombing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, in tbt county of Suffolk.

Preamble.

Recital of stat Geo.

*4 Geo. j. C

and 15 Geo.

prevenung 1

abuses committed by personi employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fliftian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers, and journeymen hot preflirt, and of all perform employed in the said several manufactures; and for the better payment of their asagea: and by another act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present majesty king George the^a An

pdf to amend an at, made in the twenty fopond year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, intituled, Am a8 sir tbt vwe tffichtalpreventing of frauds and abuses committed typer fens employed in the mawficiwe if, and in (be wittiest,

linen, fushan, cotton, iron, uallier, fur, flat, mohair, aged

flu manufactures', and sir preventing unlawful combinations of

journeymen fori, and journeymenh and of ablpufsm employed

in though fdid several man/foaurtt; better payment

of their wages: and by another alt, made in the fifteenth year the reign 0) his find present Majesty, intituled, Art act to explain and amend an act, made in the fourteenth year of hit present Majesty, intituled, An act to amtnd an aa, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, intituled, "An act for tbt more effeoual frauds and

"abuses committed by persons employed in the of bats,

yuntn, ftshan, cotton, iron, hasp.

and in the

M combinations of journeymen dyers, andjourneymen and

1 of ad perflms employed in tbt sold several manufactures, and for

"the better payment of their wages; " certain penalties and puntfls mgnts in tbt laid aqs fefbe&huly mentioned are upon all

persons who flail reel false er Short yarn, and on embttasting the materials used in the said manufaaures and whereas the good purposes of the said laws have been greatly frujlrated from the manvfaaurers of tombing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, being unwilling to exptfe themselves finely to the left attending the resentment of the spinners and work people them

for offences against the said assis: and whereas this important branch of the woollen manufacture will he greatly prejudiced thereby, ttnlefs the manufogurers are enabled jointly to carry theft laws into effectual execution, which cannot be done without the aid of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be ft {nadted by the King'? mqlt excellent majesty, by and with

1784*} Aono vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 3. 431

the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That a general meeting of the menu General fa/qturers of combing wool, worded yarn, and goods made roeeti"*t, °* from worded, in tbc county of Suffolkt shall be held at appoint

Jidarktt in the said county, on the kepnd Tuefiay in'the month ed. of jiugafl next ensuing alter the passing of this act, at the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon of the dune day, notice of which shall be given in the ipfuricb and Bury newlpapers at lead twenty-one days before the said meeting, by the clerk of the peace of the county of Suffolkat which Caul general meeting the said manufacturers present by themtelyes, or proxies appointed by writing, under the band of any of such manufacturers, shall have votes j and having first chosen a chairman, the said manufacturers shall cleft, nominate, and appoint fifteen persons from amongfk thenaselyes, which said fifteen persons foto be elected, (kali be a committee of the said manufacturers for the time being, and until another committee shall be cho (cuand appointeuin the manner bereia after provided, and fq qs often as there shall be occafioa 1 which committee are hereby autborited and empowered to nominate and recommend two or more proper persons to be licensed hythe justices of the peace of the county of Suffolk at any of their quarter fcfiions for the said county, or any adjournment thereof, to be inspectors foe the purposes herein after mentioned j and also to have the di region of all profecutioos of offenders againff this and the said before mentioned acts, and the management of the fund hereinafter to be created, and to do all other matters and things which may be deemed necessary and proper for the carrying this act into execution, in such manner as the said committee of the manufacturers for the time being, or any five or more of them,

St a public meeting to be assembled, shall judge and think bell for the interest and advantage of all the said manufacturers.

II Apd be it further enacted. That it shall and may be law r, ninill.)1|| t full to and for the said committee, or the greater part of them, appoint a at any general meeting assembled (and they ara hereby autho clerk, rifed and required) from time to time to nominate and appoint, by writing under their hands, a proper person to be their clerk; His duty, yrhich said clerk shall attend the meetings of the said committee, and shall in proper books, to be provided for that purpose, enter and keep true and perfect accounts of all the acts, proceedings, and transactions of the said committee; and that each and every of the said manufacturers shall and may at all convenient times have recourse to and peruse and inspect all such books gratis and may demand and have copies thereof, or of any part thereof, paying twopence for every one hundred words (o to be copied; and if the clerk shall refuse to permit any such manufacturer to inspect such books, or refuse to make copies or extracts thereof at the rate or times aforesaid, be shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds,

'*9

Quarterly meetings appointed. '

Chairman to be cbofcn.

Qgeftions to be determined by a majority.

No business to be done at quarterly meetings unit fs five members present.

Three committee men may call a fpe pal meeting.

New committee men to be

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 3.. [ 1784.'

to be recovered in such manner as any other penalty inflicted by this act is direaed to be recovered.

III And be it further enacted, That for the purposes aforesaid a tneeting of the said committee for the time being shall be held four times in every year; (that is to say) on the tburf day before midsummer*day, on the Tburfday before aftcbatlmas day, on the Tburfday before the Epiphany, and on the ttmrfdey before easter day, at eleven of the clock in the forenoon of each and every of the said days, who shall have power to adjourn themselves from time to time as occasion may require; all which said quarterly meetings of such committee shall be held at Bury Saint Edmunds, the first of which said quarterly meetings shall be held on the first of the said days on which the said quarterly meetings are herein before appointed to be held, which shall first happen after the election of such committee as aforesaid; and at such first quarterly meeting, and every subsequent quarterly meeting of such committee for the time being, a chairman for each of such said quarterly meetings shall be chosen, and all matters or things which shall come before such committee for their determination, shall be determined by a majority of votes of the members of such committee then present, and if there shall be an equality of votes upon any question which shall come before the said committee, then the chairman shall have a calling vote, by which vote such question in dispute shall be determined.

IV Provided nevertheless, That in case there shall not at any of such quarterly meetings be there present and assembled five of the persons constituting such committee, then, anc) in such case, it is hereby declared, that no business whatsoever shall b done at such meeting, and the majority of the persons then present shall cause fourteen days notice to be given in the Ipswich and Bury weekly newspapers of such next quarterly meeting.

V And be it further enacted, That if at any time it shall appear to any three or more of such committee for die time being, that for the more effectual putting any of the powers. granted by this act into execution, or for settling or dijcuffing any matters or things whatsoever relative to the same, a special meeting of such committee is necessary or expedient to be held, it shall and may be lawful for the said three or more of the said committee for the time being, to direa the clerk to give notice of such special meeting of the committee to every member thereof, setting forth the place where and the time when such special meeting shall be appointed to be held; and in case there shall be then present at such special meeting five of the said committee, k shall and may be lawful to and for the said committee so present to proceed in the execution of the powers given by this aeft to such committee.

VI And it be further enacted, That in case any one or more of the said committee for the time being shall, die, or shall decline

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C £ 4 % %

dine business as a manufacturer, or shall go to reside in any chosen in case distant part of the kingdom, or shall wilfully absent himself or dcatb» themselves from the said quarterly meetings for the space of one year, or refuse to act, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said committee for the time being, at any of their said quarterly meetings, there being five of such committee then present, to choose another or other proper person or persons, being manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarn, or goods made from worded, in his or their place or places, who shall have the same power and authority as if appointed at a general meeting.

VII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if

at any time hereafter it shall appear, to any fifteen or more of lbcir the said manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarrn, or y goods made from worded, within the said county of Suffolk, that the said committee for the time being neglect to discharge their duty to the ends, intents, and purposes for which such committee was appointed; and in case such fifteen or more of iud*ces**? such manufacturers so dissatisfied shall in writing under their thwof catl1 hands make complaint thereof to the judices of the peace for a general the said county of Suffolk, in any of the general or quarter meeting, See sessions of the peace, orin any adjournment thereof, for the said county of Suffolk to be held and assembled, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such judices ia such sessions assembled, and they are hereby required (if they shall think proper after hearing the nature of such complaint) to call and appoint a general meeting of the manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarn, and goods made from worded, within the said county of Suffolk, at such time and place as such judices shall think proper, and shall also cause notice to be given of such general meeting of such manufacturers as aforesaid in the Ipjwich and Bury weekly newspapers, setting forth the place where and the time when such general meeting shall be held, the same not being less than twenty-one days after such notice given in the said papers, and which notice shall be continued in the said papers until such meeting shall be held; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such manufacturers then present at such general meeting called and held in man tier as aforesaid, to elect, nominate, and appoint a committee confiding of the same number of persons, and in the like manner, and under and subject to the like orders, regulations, and directions, herein before laid down and ordered for the election of the fird committee; and the persons so elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new committee in manner aforesaid, shall thereupon be inveded with the same powers and authorities as the former committee were inveded with.

VIII And, for preventing frauds and abuses for the future by ferfons employed in the said manufactures of combing wool, worjled

yarn, and goods made from worjled, and for the more effectual car to ap >

rying this act into execution, be" it further enacted, That the ju point inspec. dices of the peace for the said county of Suffolk at their next tors of yarn,

quarter

y

434 Anno ticesimo quarto Georgii till. C 3.

quarter (Hfions of the peace to be held for the said county, or any adjournment thereof, after Michaelmas next after the pairing of this act, shall and may, and They are hereby authorised and required to licence and appoint such persons of good character and repute within. the said county of as shall be

recommended to the said juftrces by the said committee of manufacturers, or any five of such committee, in writing under their hands, to be inspectors of worded yarn within the said county of Suffolk.

Committee to IX And be it further enacted, That the said committee of station inrpec manufacturers for the time being, or any five of them, shall an<l tfiay, ar, d they are hereby authorised to station such in ' fpectors for such districts in the said county of Suffolk as the said comm'qtee, or any five of them, shall think proper, and Shall and may assign, allow, and pay to the said inspectors so appointed such yearly salaries as the said committee, or any five of them, shall think proper, to be paid out of the fund hereinafter mentioned to be raised for that and the other purposes of this act; and also shall and may remove, difmifr, and displace any of such inspectors, who by sickness or any other accident shall be rendered incapable of (erving the said office, or shall milbehave, or not conduct himself or themselves to the fatit faction of such committee.

inlptaors to X And be it further enacted, That the said inspectors for pfe diligence the time being so appointed shall several ly and respectively, in and bringing, hc ^cvera^ districts allotted to them by the said committee, use offenders to' all due diligence and industry for the convicting and bringing justices to justice all offenders against this and the said former aids, ana alio shall and do from time to time, and as often as they shall be thereto required by the said committee, inspect the fevers! reels of all and every the spinners of worded yam in their several and respective didricts within the said county of, and also the hanks of worded yarn, in order to see that the directions herein after laid down for reeling such yarn be complied with, and also shall and do from time to time, when and as they or any of them shall detect any person or persons offending against this or the said former acis, lodge informations against such offender or offenders before the proper justice or justices of the peace, and prosecute fudh offender or offenders to conviction: (heir powers, and for the easier detection of all offenders against this and the said former acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such inlj>e<ftor or inspeclors from time to time, as occasion ftxafl require, to detnand entrance at ail) seasonable hours into the dwelling house or dwelling houses, (hop or (hops, outhouses or outhouses of any agents or persons hired or employed to put out wool to be spun within the said county of, to inspect the yam in the custody of any such agent or person hired or employed as aforesaid within the said county, where he has any information of or suspects any false or short reeled yam and in case of refuial, by any such agent or person hired or employed to put out wool to be spun into worsted yarn, to permit and a suffer

1 Anno tlcesimo quattb Gfcoftori HI. C p 435

fufier fitch inspedibn, he, (he, or they fb refafing shall forfeit and pay such futh of money, ndt exceeding ten pounds, nor left than five pounds, as such justice or justices, before whom be, she, or they shall be convicted shall think proper, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned.

XI And be it further enacted, That every person or per Directions tonnes employed or findertaking to spin or red worsted yam for how "J hire 5n the (bid county of Suffolk, shall red, or cause or procure ^uuu the same to be irfeelect, either upon a yard reel of thirty-six inches, ora fevett quarter reel of sixty three inches, or a two yard reel of seventy two inches round; and when such worfied yam shall be f6 reelect, that each and every several hank or fieaiia of such worfied yarn, which shall be reded on a yard red, shall eonfift of hr contain seven taps or leas; that each and every fitch rap Or lea shall eonfift of or contain eighty threads of such Worsted yam; and that each and every several hank Or fkain of such worsted yarn as shall be reeled on a feveii quarter or a two yard reel, shall eonfift Of or contain six raps or leas; and tfirt each land every such tap or lea shall eonfift of or contain idghty 'threadr of such worsted yam.

Xll. And be h further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person or persons hired or employed in the comb Penalties on log bf Wool, or in the Spinning, reeling, winding, or weaving (*lfe web x»f worsted yam, or in the preparing or working up any of the

materials used in the said manufactures in the said county Of '

suffolk, shall reel, or cause to be reelect, any worfied yam contrary to the directions herein before specified and laid down for the reding such yarn, or shall conceal, keep back, embezzle

fell, or otherwise ailpofe of any .wool or other materials entrusted with him, her, or them to spin, or other purposes, and shall of all or any of such several offences be lawfully convicted be fore any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the said county, upon the oath (or, if the owner thereof be of the people called Quakers, solemn affirmation) of the owner of such yarn or wool, or upon the oath or affirmation of the inspector or in fpedors appointed as aforesaid, or of any one or more credible winters or witnesses (which oath or affirmation such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), or by the 'confelfion of the person or persons charged with all or any of such offences, such person or persons shall, for each and every such offence, be subject and liable to the same penalties and punishtnents as are several ly inflicted by the said former acts, so far as the said former acts, or any of them, are unrepealed; all which penalties shall be recovered and punish xnents inflicted in the manner directed by the said acts, or any of them; and which said penalties shall be publicly distributed by the constable of such township, parish, or place where such offence or offences shall be committed, in the presence and under the direction of the said inspector or inspectors, amongst the poor of such township, parish, or place fast abovementioned.

XIII Pro

436

Prosecutors not liable to charges of conveying offenders to prtfbn.

Proviso

Penalty on agents refusing to difco ver persons guilty of false reeling yarn.

Goods of butbands whole wives offend y liable to distressed and sale.

Upon the death, cof in/pettors, others to be appointed.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III [1784;

XIII Provided always. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to'tfye subjecting any prosecutor or prosecutors of any offender or offenders against this and the said former acts, to any charges Or expenses of conveying such offender or offenders to prison; but such charges and expenses shall be paid and born by the constable or other officer conveying such offender, or offenders to prison; and such constable or other officer shall be reimbursed and repaid such charges and expenses, in like manner as he is reimbursed and repaid any other charges or expenses of his said office.

XIV Provided neveftheless, That no part or share of such

Ecnalties or forfeitures be given to such offender or offenders, is, her, or their family or families.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any agents, or persons hired or employed to put out wool to be spun into worded yarn, shall have in his, her or their custody or possession any worded yarn not reeled according to the directions herein before specifled and laid down for the reeling thereof, and shall refuse, or not set forth and give In evidence, before any of his majesty's judices of the peace for the said county of Suffolk, being thereto required, what person or persons was or were the reeler or reelers of such false or (hort reeled yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the same, so that the person or persons who reeled or caused to be reeled such false or (hort yarn, may be lawfully convicted thereof in manner aforesaid; he, (he, or they so refusing, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon the oath (or, if of the people called Quakers, solemn affirmation) of any person or persons, before such judice or judices of the peace, as are hereinbefore mentioned, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five Shillings for every parcel of yarn made up as and for a pound, so false or (hort reelect, which shall be found in his, her, or their custody; all which penalties inflicted by this act shall be recovered in the same manner as the penalties inflicted by the said former acts are directed to be recovered, and shall go, be paidl, and applied*by such person or persons, and in such manner and form, to the poor of the township, as the penalties herein before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XVI And forasmuch as doubts have arisen, whether tbi goods and chattels of a kujband> whose wife Shall offend against the said former acts> are liable tojijlrefs and sale for raising the penalties thereby created; be it therefore further enacted, That from and .after the passing of this act, all such penalties as shall be incurred by any married woman or married women, shall and may be recovered, levied, and raised by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the husband or hufoands of fpeh married woman or married women so offending against this act, in the manner directed by the said former acts, or any of them.

XVII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person who shall be so appointed an inspector of worded yarn, shall happen to die, or shall be removed or displaced from

his

437

1784o Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 3.

his said office it shall and may be lawful for the said justices of the peace of the said county or Suffolk, in quarter sessions assembled, or in any adjournment thereof, to licence some other proper person or persons to be an inspedtor or inspedtors of worded yarn within the said county of Suffolk, upon the like recommendation and in such manner as is herein before mentioned; which said person or persons shall be inverted with all the powers, and subject to the like removal, and liable to the like penalties for any breach or neglect of duty, as the inspedtor or inspedtors in whose place or places he or they shall be appointed to succeed, was inverted with, or subject or liable to.

XVIII And be it further enacted, That in case any inspedtor or inspedtors so appointed as aforesaid, shall at any time or times hereafter take or receive, from any person or persons offending against this or the said former acts, any sum or sums of money, or any other thing whatsoever, to screen from justice, or otherwise to hinder or prevent such person or persons so offending as aforesaid from being convicted for such offence or offences, and being thereof convicted upon the oath (or, if of the people called Quakers, solemn affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the said county of Suffolk, (which oath or affirmation such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered to admini (ler), then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices of the peace to commit such inspedtor or inspedtors so offending to the house of correction, or other public prison in the said county, for the space of one month.

XIX And whereas by several acts of parliament made in the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and several subse quint acts, the collectors of the duties upon fope, by the said acts granted, are dire fled to'pay out of the moneys in their hands, by way of drawback, unto'any person or persons who Should employ any quantity of fope in the making of any manufacture, whereof the greatejl part of the value of the materials should be wool, or in preparing the wool for the same, the duties upon the fope so spent and con fumed as aforesaid \ to the end that a sufficient fund may be raised for de frying the expenses in and about the obtaining this act, and for paying the falarics of the inspectors and clerk to be appointed under and by virtue and for the purposes of this act, and all other necessary expenses attending the carrying this act into execution under the direction of the said committeey be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the collector or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons employed in the collection of the duties on fope within the said county of Suffolk, and who by the said acts are thereby directed to pay such drawback of the duties on fope to such manufacturers as aforesaid, and such colledlor or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, are hereby required from time to time, to dedudt and retain the sum of fourpence out of every shilling tq which any person,

Vol. XXXIV HU Jbcing

Punishment

of inspedtors fereening offender from justice.

Fond to he established for defraying the expenses of the execution of this act.

43* Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C j. [1784*

being a master manufacturer of combing wool, worsted wm, or goods made from worsted, redding within the county of Suffolk shall from time to time hereafter he intituled, and of which he, (he, or they shall demand payment under or by yimie of the said acts, or any other act or acts of parliament whatsoever as and for the duties of and for all fope spent, employed nd cor.fumed in the combing of wool, making of worsted yarn pr any kind of goods made from worsted, or preparing the wool for the same, in the said county of Suffolk; and such collector or colledlors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or per fpns, and each and every of them, shall several ly and refpcc tively pay or cause to be paid unto the treasurer or die division of Bury Saint Edmunds, for the time being, (demand being made thereof), all and every the futnor sums of money 'by him or any of them so dedudted, retained, had, or received, under apd by virtue and for the purposes of this adh Treafarer XX And be it further enabled. That the said treasurer for to pay the the time being shall, out of the money hereafter to be received thrift out by him in manner aforesaid, pay the charges and expenses of of the money obtaining and passing this act, and the expenses relative thereto be received to, together with interest for all or any part of such expenses, by him. the salaries of the inspedtors and clerk herein before directed to be appointed, the expenses of all prosecutions in support of this and the said former acts, and such other charges and expenses as may be hereafter incurred or expended for the support and encouragement of the said manufadtory, as the said committee, or any three of them in committee affeidbled, shall by writing under their hands direct or appoint; and the said treasurer is dlfo hereby required not to pay any sum or fumjs of money foto be hereafter received by him for the purposes of this act in manner aforesaid, to any person or persons whomfo ever, or for any purposes whatsoever, without such order, di rediion, or appointment in writing under the hands of such committee for the time being, or any three of them in committee assembled; and such treasurer shall, and he is hereby required yearly and every year, at the quarterly meeting of the said committee herein before appointed to be held on the'Thursday before michaelmas day in every year, for the future to return and transmit to such committee at such quarterly meeting, a true and perfedi account of all and every the sum or sums of money which shall have come to his hands, or been paid by him, (ince the then Raft yearly account; which said account shall be laid before the justices of the peace for the said county of Suffolk at their general quarter sessions of the peace yearly to be held next after Michaelmas, by adjournment at Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said county of Suffolk, for their inspedtfon and The rate of allowance.

in the XXI And it is hereby further enacted, That in case at any rin.ling may time hereafter the moneys herein before directed and ordered to be paid into the hands of the treasurer for the purposes afore orje ike, shall, after paymc, u of aj( anj every the charges and expenses

439

1784.] Anno vicermo quarto Georgii III C 3.

peaces herein before ordered and directed to be paid thereout, amount to the sum of fifty pounds only, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justices of the peace for the said county of Suffolk at their quarter sessions of the peace to be held by adjournmentat Bury Saint Edmunds as aforesaid, upon application made to them by the Paid committee, or any five of them, by writing under their hands, or upon application made to them the said justices by fifteen or more matter manufacturers of combing wool, worsted yarn, or goods made from worsted within the said county of Suffolk, by writing under their hands, to make orders for increasing the aforesaid fourpence shilling, which the col left ors and supervisors of excise are herein before directed to retain in thtir hands, to eight pence or eleven pence per shilling as they may think necessary, until such fund shall amount to four hundred pounds, and from time to time upon like applications to reduce the same to threepence or twopence per shilling, so as the funds in the treasurers hands shall not exceed four hundred pounds, nor be reduced to less than fifty pounds, and so as the same shall never exceed the rate, proportion, or sum of eleven pence per shilling herein before directed to be deducted and retained as aforesaid.

XXII And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices Howjuflicct before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in manner and form offenders, following; that is to say,

BE it remembered, That on the day tf

in the year of our Lord A. fi. is cenvifled For Sf

before me, (or us) of his Majesty's justices of the peace conv, ^oxu

for [Specifying the offence, and the place

where the same was committed, and so specifying that it was the first, secondj or third offence against this af}y as the case shall be; J

Given under my hand and seal, [or our hands and seals the day and year aforesaid.

Which conviction the said justice or justices shall cause to be fairly wrote on parchment, and returned to the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the said county of Suffolk, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept among the records of such county.

XXIII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall find him, her, or Persons ag themselves aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any Sneve<1 map justice or justices, or upon any conviction before him or them quarter cf iin pursuance of this act, such person or persons may appeal to Hons, the next general quarter sessions to be held for the division of the said county where the offence shall be committed, which shall not he held within fourteen days next after the cause of appeal shall arise, giving ten days notice of such appeal to the

H h z person

Anno vicesimo quarto georgii III C 3.' [1784;

person or persons discovering the offence on which the conviction was made; and if the justices at the said quarter sections either confirm or disannul the orders or proceedings of the said justice or justices, they shall allow such costs and charges to the party aggrieved thereby as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such manner as is usual in cases of appeal from any order of .the justices of the peace to the sessions, whose order therein shall be final.

XXIV Provided nevertheless, That the person or persons appealing to such quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid, shall give security to the satisfaction of the said justice or justices to prosecute such appeal with efsect, and to pay the costs which shall be ascertained by the said quarter sessions, in case such order or judgement be affirmed; and the justices in the said

5juarter sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine uch appeal, and to make such order therein, and to award such costs, as to them shall appear just; which order shall be final and conclusive to all parties, and shall not be removed or removable, by any writ of Certiorari or otherwise, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster or elsewhere.

XXV Provided nevertheless, and be it further enateted, That no order or other proceedings so made or had by or before any justice of the peace in relation to the premises shall be quashed or vacated for want of form only.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority afortfa*), Limitation of That if any suit or action shall be commenced or profecufed aion. against any person or persons for anything done or to be done in pursuance of this act, every such suit or action shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the committed, and not afterwards, and shall be several ly laid, brought, and tried in the said county of Suffolk, as the case shall happen, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such General issue. actions or suits shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such suit or action shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be, given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may Treble costs. recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs irt'other cases at law.

Public act. XXVII And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deenjed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by aw judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same, e CAP.

Persons appealing to

give (ccurity lo prosecute, corders

to be final.

Proviso.

1784*] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C — 6., 44*

CAP. IV

act for incorporating the company of proprietors of a canal navigation authorised by an act, passed in the eighth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Bilftone and Autherley, with the company of proprietors of a canal navigation authorised by an act, passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, to be made from Birnyngham to Fazeley j and for consolidating their shares 5 and amending the said last men tioned aft.

CAP. V

An act for enlarging the marketplace, and regulating the markets within the town of Sheffield in the west riding of the county of York; and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious several streets adjoining or leading into the said market place; and for taking down the present (laughter houses within the said town, and erecting others in a more proper situation.

CAP. VI

An act to enablo such officers mariners, and soldiers, as have been in the land or sea ftrviccj or in the marines, or in the militia, or any corps of [enable meny since the second year of his present majesty reign, to exercise trades.

WHEREAS there have been and are diverse officers, mart preamble.

ners9 soldiers, and marines, who have served his present Majesty in the late tvars by sea and land, some of which are men that ttfed'trades 1 others that were apprentices to trades, who had not served out their times, and others who by their own industry have made themselves apt and fit for trades; many of which, the wars being now ended, would willingly employ themselves in thffe trades which they were formerly accustomed to, or which they are opt or able »

to follow and make use of for the getting their living by their own labour, but are or may be hindered from exercising those trades in certain cities and corporations and other places within this kingdom, because of certain bylaws and customs of those places, and of the fia tute made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, prohibiting the use 5 Eliz. C 4. cf certain trades by any per]on who hath not served as an apprentice to fitch trade for the jpace of even years: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all such officer, mariners, soldiers, officers, ma and marines, who have been at any time employed in the fer riners, fol -- vice of his present Majesty, since the first day of Aprils in the d, cr?» and year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, |jllav" n^, w 0 and have not since deserted the said service; and also the wives employed in and children of such officers, mariners, soldiers, and marines, the King's may setup and exercise such trades as they are apt and able for,5rvi.^e f, nc in any town or place within this kingdom, without any let, ^havenot* suit, or molestation of any person or persons whatsoever, for or since deferred,

H h 3 by and also the

issue, they Hull be acquitted,

442 Anna vkcsimo quarto Georgii III. C 6. {1784.

wives and by reason of the ofing of such trade; nor shall such officer children of^mariners, soldiers, or marines, or their wives or children, dur th^fedcto<iet in time they shall exercise such trades, be removcable from up and exer such respective place or places, to his, her, or their last legal cife trades in place of fettlcmenr, by virtue of any law now in being, relative any part of^to the settlement of the poor, until such person or persons shall M" ftan1not; ^ecomc actually chargeable to such parish or. place; and if any be liable to be such officer or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers, removed from marine or marines, or the wife or child of any such officer, thence tp their mariner, soldier, or marine, shall be sued, impleacted, or ia puce of fet Rifled, n any court whatsoever within this kingdom, for using tlement, until or exercising any such trades as aforesaid, then the said officer they become or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers, marine or actually marines, or any wise or child of any such officer, mariner, fol themsfti 10 ^cr> or mar*nc> waking it appear to the same court, where and if sued, they are so sued, impleacted, or indidled, that they have served upon pleading his piefent Majesty as aforesaid, or that he, (he, or they, is or the general are wise or wives, child or children, of such officer or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers. or marines, who shall have so served his present Majesty, shall, upon the general issue pleacted, be found not guilty, in ny plaint, bill, information, or indictment, exhibited against them; and such persons who, notwithstanding this at, shall prosecute the said suit, by bill, plaint, information, or indictment, and shall have a verdict pass against him, or become nonsuit therein, or discontinue their said suit, such person or persons shall pay unto such officer or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers, marine or marines, or the wife or child of such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine respectively, double costs of salt, to be recovered as any other costs at common-law may be recovered; and all judges and jurors, before whom any such suit, information, or indictment shall be brought, and all other persons whatsoever, are to take notice of this present act, and shall conform themselves thereto; any statute, law, ordinance, custom, or pavilion, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more justices of the peace, for the county, town, or place, where any such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, shall setup and exercise any trade as aforesaid, to cause such officer, mariner, soldier, shall so setup, or marine, to be summoned before them in the town or place shall summon where such officer, mariner, soldier or marine, shall setup and exercise such trade as aforesaid, in order to make oath of the place of his last legal settlement, (which oath thelaid justices are hereby empowered to administer) and such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, are hereby directed to obey such summons, and to make oath accordingly; and such justices are hereby required to give an attested copy of such affidavit so made before them, to the person making the same, in order that he may produce it when required; which attested copy shall at any time

be

and be paid double costs of suit.

Where any two justices for the county or place where they

them to give evidence as to the place of their last legal settle tuent, they shall make oath accordingly; an at felled copy whereof shall

i 784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 7.

be admitted as evidence as to such lad legal settlement, before any of his majesty's justices of the peace, at any general or quarter foflions of the peace.

III Provided always, That in case any such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, shall again be summoned to make oath as aforesaid, then, on such attested copy of the oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other person on his behalf, such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, shall not be obliged to take any other or further oath with regard to his legal settlement, but shall leave a copy of such attested copy of his examination, if required.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, and every part thereof, shall extend to all officers and soldiers who have been drawn by bailot, and have personally served in the militia, or any of the fencible regiments, from the said first day of Aprily one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, for the term of three years, and have been honourably discharged.

V Provided always. That this act shall not in anywise be prejudicial to the privileges of the universities of Cambridge and Oxford or either of them; or extend to give liberty to any person to setup the trade of a vintner, 'or to sell any wine or other liquors, within the said universities, without licence first had and obtained from the vice-chancellor of the same respectively.

443

be given them, which shall be admitted as evidence at the quarter sessions; and it summoned again, they shall not be obliged to, take a freth oath, but produce the former, or leave a copy thereof.

This act extends to mi litia rrun and fencibles who have served three years, and been honourably discharged. Privileges of the two universities reserved.

CAP. VII

An act for explaining certain acts of the parliament of Scotland concerning manufactories j and for extinguishing the claims made by the proprietors of the two manufactories, called The Rope and Soap Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain exemptions from tujloms and duties, and for making compensation in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS by fevered acts of the parliament of Scotland, Preamble.

and, among others, by an act passed in the year one thousand six hundred and sixty-oney in the first parliament of King Charles the Second, intituled, Act for erecting of manufactories, chapter the fortieth; by another acl passed in the year one thousand six hundred and six ty nine y in thesecond parliament of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, Act concerning the excise and customs, chapter the eleventh \ and by another acty passed in the year one thou jand Jix hundred and eighty oney in the third parliament of his said majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, Act for encouraging trade and manufactories, chapter the twelfth y certain privileges and immunities were granted, and rules made, for encouraging and promoting manufactures in Scotland, and particularly materials uje full for manufactures were allowed to be imported, for the use of such manufactures, free of customs and excifcy and all other public burdens j andy m order to prevent all questions and debates in relation to t the said privileges and immunitiesy the lords of his Majesty s exchequer and privy council in Scotland, were, by certain of the said aclsy

H h 4 autbo

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 7* [i 7s4*

authorised to inquire and declare what manufallories already % otrt, or thereafter Should be duly qualified to enjoy thetenefit of the privileges and immunities, by the faij alts befiowed; ana whereas, tender the encouragements held forth by the said alls of parliament, tue manufallories were erelled in Glasgow, the'one, in the year one ibeur sand six hundred and seventy four, for making of soap, and the aether in the year, one thousand six hundred and ninety six, for the making of ropes and cordage, the proprietors of each of which manufactories did obtain from the lords of the exebequ r, or privy council of scot land, an order or all declaring their rejpetlive works to be duly Qualified in terms of the statutes in that behalf, and which manufalt tries % so efiablished and approven, have been continucdly carried on futce the rejpetlive times of their ereilion, and do now, by course of regular successions and conveyances, belong to the following persons videlicet. The first mentioned manu falltry, for making of soap, to sir James Maxwell baronet, Robert Bogle, Robert Crausurd, John max "vrell, and John Craig, by way of copartnery, known by the appellation of The Soap Work Company of Glasgow, and transacting business under the firm of Robert Craufurd and. Company; and the other manufallory, for making of' ropes and cordage, to James Corbet, James Dunlop, George Brown, Andrew Blackburn Colville, John Cross, Hugh Wyllie, Thomas Dunmore, Robert Dunmorejunior* James Sommerville, Robert Crausurd, George Kippen, Thomas Connell, James Gemmill, John Crausurd, Jame? Scott, and William Semple, also by way of copartnery, known by the appellation of The Rope Work Company of Glasgow, and tranjalling business under the firm of James Corbet and Company: and whereas, by the sixth article of the treaty of unions settled and agteed upon in the fifth year of the reign of her late jefiy §)ueen. Anne, between the two kingdoms England and Scotland, provision is made in the terms following; videlicet, "That "all parts of the united kingdom, for ever, from and after the union

4c ball have the same allowances, encouragements, and drawbacks,

"and be under the same prohibitions, refir ill ions, and regulations of "trade, and liable to the same customs and duties on import and ex LI port; and that the allowances, encouragements, and drawbacks, CC prohibitions, reflrillions, and regulations of trade, and the customs "and duties on import and export settled in England when the union "commences, Shall, from and after the union, take place throughout 11 the whole united kingdom, excepting and refer ving the duties upon "export and import of such particular commodities, from which any C persons, the subjects of either kingdom, are speciauy liberated and 44 exempted by their private rights, which, after the union, are to C remain safe and entire to them in all respells as before the same i9 and whereas, upon the commencement of the said union, doubts and disputes did arise between the officers of her Majesty's customs and the proprietors of the said soap and rope works, who claimed the privilege of importing materials for their respellive manufactories, free of duties, as a private right, confiituted by the alls of parliament and alls of exchequer and privy council before mentioned, and as futb, raved by the exception in favour of private rights contained in the

aforefaii

giooqie

445

784*} Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 7.

foufaid sixth article of the said treaty of union; to which claim tha (peers of the revenue objected, that the exemption from duties, given y the act of parliament, and exchequer and privy council of scot and, Was not in the nature of a private rights but of a public cn ouragement to trade, and as such was determined and at an end by he treaty of union; in respeci to which disputes9 it was agreed upon ran interim expedient, that the proprietors of the aforesaid manu aftories Should grant bonds for the duties of the materials to be imported by them with condition to pay the same in case the parlia nent of Great Britain, or court of exchequer in Scotland, should adjudge the said materials liable to the payment of duties \ which agree nent of taking such conditional bonds as aforesaid was, for sometime, arried into execution, until the commissioners of the cpfloms at Edinburgh gave orders for letyingjbe duties upon all such materials imported for the use of the said manufactories as were by law chargeable vitb duties upon being imported for other purposes; whereupon the Proprietors of the said manufactories paid the duties accordingly, but aider proteji, that the right of exemption claimed by them Should not !hereby be hurt, nor themselves precluded from reclaiming such duties is already bad been or afterwards should be paid by them j and for ringing the right of exemption so claimed by them to trial the proprietors of the said rope work did9fome time fmce9 cause injlitute an idion in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, at the Juit of the said fames Corbet, one of the said proprietors and ojfignee of the ref of hose proprietors, against Edward Burrow collector of the customs at 'he port of Port Glasgow, and John Clerk then the deputy of the raid Edward Burrow, at the member port of Greenock, for that hey bad against right, rejufed to repay duties levied by them on cer ain materials imported for the use of the said rope work j in the: ourse of the proceedings of which aciion a special verdict was agreed ipon and settled by the parties, and returned by a jury upon which verdict counsel were beard by the lord thief baron, 'and other three Aarons of the said court, and the judges being equally divided in their pinion the quefiion remains hitherto undetermined; since the time of vhiih hearing certain propoftions have been offered by the proprietors f both the said works for accommodating the matter in dispute: ind whereas the claim of exemption made by the proprietors of the raid manufactories would on the one hand if eflablijhed9 be very Prejudicial to the public interest9 being capable to be exercised in an inlimited extent with respect to the commodities which are the subject hereof to the great diminution of the revenue and the breach of fhat equality in trade which ought to have place in all parts of toe inited kingdom: and whereas by means of the aforesaid treaty of mion9 and the doubts and disputes thereupon arising in relation to the 'ight of exemption claimed as aforesaid9 as well as by reason of the Proceedings confequent upon such doubts and disputes, the proprietors f the said rope and soap works who in firm reliance of the public raith of the kingdom, had laid out and employed a considerable sum of noney towards carrying oh the said works, have on the other band Offered considerable loss and inconveniency the exemption from the Payment of duties enjoyed by them under the acts of the parliament of

Scotland

44

Anno vicesimo quarto georgii III C 7. [1784.

Scotland, having, by the aforesaid means, been abridged or inter rupted, and much expense incurred by law Juits and otherwise: ad whereas in a case so circumjlanced it is reasonable and just that font compensation should be made to the aid proprietors for the private ik they have suffered in conjequence of the said treaty of union, a transaction calculated for national advantages: and whereas it is at tbt fahte time expedient to remove all such doubts and disputes as cfm said in future; be it therefore enacted by the king's mod excel lent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present pariia aflexemp ment assembled, and by the authority of the same. That all tions hom the nd every the exemption or exemptions from the payment of ^ty^dpon the any cu^om^ fiibfidy, import, or other duty, upon the importation importation of any goods or commodities whatsoever, for the use of any sort f goods, of manufacture whatsoever, which was or were granted by the granted by the as of the parliament of Scotland, Or the acts of the exchequer Scotland"^privy counc*l that kingdom, herein generally or para ter mined by culariy before mentioned, or any of them, shall, in all cases the union. whatever, be deemed and taken to have been intended, not as a private right in favour of any person or persons, companies, or bodies politic whatever, but as a public encouragement to trade, limitable by the parliament of Scotland, and determined by the treaty of union concluded between these kingdoms, and for the several reasons and causes herein before mentioned. V

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The condi That all and every the conditional bonds before mentioned, tional bonds which were from time to time heretofore granted by the pro

honed Urant pr*etors^soap an rope works respectively, for the

CD by the pro duties of materials imported by them for the use of their re prietorsof the fpeoive manufactories, shall and maybe cancelled and given soap and rope Up free from the payment, to his Majesty, his heirs or.fuccef onceliect^ors' cu^oms an duties fr which the said bonds were

granted; and the commissioners of his majesty's customs in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to cause cancel and deliver up the said bonds accordingly, when thereto required: ums to be and the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are paid to the also hereby impowered and required to cause to be paid, one cf proprietor in any of the public duties and revenues under their inanage of thefrtoft* ment, unto the said sir James Maxwell baronet, Robert Bogle, by the deter Robert Crausurd, John Maxwell, and John Craig, or the stir nnnation of vivors or survivor of them, by the firm aforesaid, for the use of the aforesaid the proprietors of the said soap work, in consideration of their exemptions. jufs an(j <jamages by reason Of the premises, the sum of two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds lawful money of Great Britain, and that by two yearly installments of one thousand one hundred and twenty-five pounds each; and also by the like two yearly installments, to cause to be paid, out of the said revenues, unto the said James Corbet, James Dunlop, George Brown, Andrew Blackburn Colville, John Cross, Hugh jvyllie, Thomas

Dun ms?: .

447

1784-] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C ff.

Dunmore, Robert Dunmore junior, James sommervil/e, Robert Craufutdi George Kippen Thomas Connelly James Gemmilly John Craufurdy James Scotty and William Sempler or the survivors or survivor of them, under the aforesaid firm, for the use of the proprietors of the aforesaid rope work, the like sum of two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds of like money, in confederation of their loss and damages by reason of the premises; the first of which payments for each company is to be made upon the twenty-fifth day oi December in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the next payment upon the twenty-fifth day pi December thereafterand when the said several sums of two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, and two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, shall be thus completely satisfied and paid, all claims of exemption, and other claims whatsoever in relation thereto, setup by the proprietors of the said soap and rope works, or either of them, in manner aforesaid, shall for ever cease and be extinguished.

CAP. VIII

An act for establishing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the pcjl between Great Britain and Ireland.

WHEREAS by an afty made in the twenty-fourth year of Preamble the reign of his present Majesty, intituledy An act for efta Recital of blifliing certain regulations concerning the portage and convey C 6. of last ance erf letters and packets by the poll between Great Britain session and lrelandy it is enabled, Tbaty immediately from and after the ejhblijbment of a general pofl office in Ireland by the authority of the parliament of that kingdom so much of an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituledy An act for preventing 4 Geo. 3, 0.14. frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of postage, as relates to letters and packets pajfwg by the pojly free from the duty of pojiage y from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain,

Shall be repealed: and whereas certain persons whoy by virtue of their respective offices in Great Britain and Ireland, now send and receive letters and packets which relate to the business of their respective officesy free from the duty of pojlagey from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, willy by the said recited act of the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reigny upon the establish merit of a general post office in Ireland, be deprived from sending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty ofpojiage: and whereas the public buflnefs makes it expedient that such letters and packets should pajs free oj pojiage from any part of Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to any part of Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by the king's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the establishment of a Certain ofli

general poll office in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and cers in Great

V for Britain and

448 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 9, 10. [1784.

Ireland allow for certain persons who, by virtue of their respective offices in rtc^veletterf Great Britain and Ireland, send and receive letters and packet, C to and*free from the duty of portage, under the said recited act of the from Great fourth year of his present majesty's reign, or under any other Britain and act or acts passed since the parting of the said act, nd for h*s from the Bri majesty's postmaster general of the kingdom of Ireland, the C till postoffice C ctary of the general port office of Ireland, and the surveyors dutys of the said general postoffice, and for the undersecretary and

first clerk for the military department of the office of the chief secretary of the lieutenant general or other chief governor or governors of the said kingdom, all for the time being, to send and receive, by the post, letters and packets from any part of Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to any part of Grut Britain, free from the duty of portage for and on account of Provided such postoffice of Great Britain; provided that all such letters letters are cer and packets so sent shall relate to the business of their respectivc tified to be on offices, and that there shall be certified, on the outside of such hu majesty't letters and packets, under the hand writing of such officers re leivice, C spectively, to be on his majesty s service 5 and that such letters and packets shall be sealed with the seal of the office or officer sending the same: and in case any such officers shall receive, under cover to them, any letters or packets intended for or directed to other persons, all such officers are hereby authorised and required to send the same to the general postoffice in London or Dublin, in order that such letters and packets may be charged with the duty of portage; it being the true intent and meaning of this act, that the privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets by such officers shall extend to such letters and packets only as relate to the business of their respediv; offices, f

CAP. IX

An act to authorise the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland to cancel bonds, given for the high duties on certain parcels of com imported into Great Britain, on certain conditions tberdi mentioned.

Ad of3 Geo. 3. C 1. recited; and that certain quantities ofcors asd barley bad been imported into Scotland after the time limited by theafr Commissioners of the customs to order the low duties, imports of 5 percent, and 5 percent, on the said duty to be taken for the before roes tioned parcels of corn and barley \ and upon payment thereof, tbeboidi for the high duties to be cancelled.

CAP. X

An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities sad fer establishing a lottery.

6, 000, oool. to be raised by annuities, and 360, 0001. by afbttery. tributors to the sum of 6, 000, oool. for every icol. to be emitted tonus ities of fool, each at 3 percent. 50i. at 4. percent, redeemable by 1 lament, and an annuity of 5s. 6d. for 75 years and an half, from July $, 1784, and then to ceafej which shall be charged upon a fund to be

establilbed

449

1784 ] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 11.

eftawilhfid this session, and collatterally on the sinking fund. Every con tributor'of i, oool. shall; upon payment of 60i. more, be entitled to fix lottery tickets. The said annuities of 3 percent, and 5s. 6d. shall be paid July 5, and January 5, yearly, and the 4 percent. April 5, and October 10. Annuities tax free. Annuities charged on the fund to be established for the payment thereof, and to be deemed persona! estate Persons possessed of stock may devise the same by will, C The 3 percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the 3 percent, con fois, transferable at the bank. The 4 percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the same fund as the 4 percents, granted by the lottery acts of 10, 21, 12, and 23 Geo. 2. The annuities of 58. fid. per annum for 75 years and six months, to be added to the consolidated long annuities of 1, a, 4, 20, 22, and 23 Geo. 3.} but to be paid out of the fund to be established this session. 360, 0001. to be raised by a lottery 5 the prices whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. The number of the fortunate tickets are 12, 000; 2 of ao, oool. 2 of 10, 0001. 2 of 5, 0001. 4 of 2|ooo 1. 10 of 1, 0001. 20 of 500i. 110 of 100i.00 of 50i. 11, 650'of sol.; 500i. to each first drawa ticket of the first six days i*oool. to ditto the 13th day; 1, 000). to ditto the 16th day; s, oool. to ditto the 19th day; i, oool. to ditto the last.drawn. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 21, 1784. Forging tickets, Sec. a capital felony. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty to receive a pardon, and 501, reward. Proviso, no attainder to make corruption of blood, C Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets for such sums to be delivered into the exchequer. The 360, 000!. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, tb be charged on any supplies granted this session j and shall be paid to the proprietors without any deduction, oil March i, 1785, Sec. with other daufes as usual.

CAP. XI

An act for hying additional duties upon all candles, (except wax and fpermacett candles and for more effectually securing the duties upon candles.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's rood dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties upon candies herein after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by she authority of the same. That from and after the first day f? the*fol of Augujly one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there lowing addi shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use tional duties of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all can jj?* to dies, (except wax and spermaceti candles), which at any time yi

or times shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of 9

Great Britain or made within the same, over and above all other customs, subsidies, duties of excise, or other duties already imposed thereupon, by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties herein after mentioned; that is to say;

For

45

For at! candles imported, (except wax and spermaceti), one halfpenny per pound $

and for all candtes made in Great Britain, (except as above), one halfpenny per pound.

Anno vicesimo quarto gboltgii till. C i r. [1784.

For all candles whatsoever, (except wax and spermaceti candles), which shall be so imported, one halfpenny for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity; the said duties for and upon all imported handles, (except wax and spermaceti candles), to be paid down jn ready money by the importers thereof, before the landing the same:

And there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for and upon all candles, (except wax and spermaceti candles), which at any time or times shall bd made within the kingdom of Great bri tain, the further duties herein after mentioned; that is to say;

For all candles whatsoever (except wax and spermaceti candles) which shall be so made in Great Britain, one halfpenny for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity; the said duties for the said candles foto be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the makers thereof respectively.

And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tfiat wovcred^c ^evcra* anc respective duties by this act imposed for and in the same*upon all candles imported or made as aforesaid, and all arfear manneras the ages thereof, shall and may, from time to time, be raised, reformer duties ceived, levied, recovered, and secured, by such ways and means, and under such management, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with such other powers, and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, and in such methods, manner, and form, as the like duties granted by an act of the eighth year, and by another act of the ninth year of the reign of our late sovereign Queen Anney whereby certain duties are laid upon candles, towards raising her said late majesty's supplies for the years one thousand seven hundred and ten, and one thousand seven hundred and eleven, are by those acts, or by any other law or statute thereby referred unto, or since made, to be raised, received, levied, secured, or recovered; and that the said acts of the eighth and ninth years acts o7 s and le ren f Queen Anne, and all the clauses, penalties, for9aane, C feitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and to be in force things therein contained, or thereby referred unto, or since Q cna<^ec*> fr the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, of this act. paying, or accounting for the said duties upon candles thereby granted, or any arrearages of the same, are and shall be by force of this act continued, practised, and put in execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, and accounting for the duties upon candles by this act granted, and making allowances out of the same, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large recited in this present act.

All (lock m III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore 1 to be That for all candles (except wax and spermaceti candles)

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 11. 451

which any tallow chandler or other sellers or dealers in candles liable to the ia Great Britain, or any person or persons in trust for him, her, 1CW or them, or for his, her, or their use, shall be possessed of or J interested in, upon the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, for sale, there shall be yielded and paid to his said Majesty (over and above .the duties before'this time imposed thereupon) the like rates as are, by this at to be paid for candles to be made after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and that all the directions, powers, penalties, forfeitures, rules, and clauses Whatsoever, contained in the said as of the eighth and ninth years of the reign of Queen Anne, relating to the stock of candles, which was in the hands of any chandlers, or other sellers of, or dealers in candles, or of others in trust for them, or for their use, upon the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, or the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eleven, respectively, shall, by force of this abe exercised, practised, and put in execution, for ascertaining, securing, charging, levying, recovering, and paying, the rates by this act imposed upon the stock of candles which shall be in the hands of any such persons as aforesaid, upon the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and for making allowances and drawbacks in respect thereof.

IV Ani whereas Jlanding contracts may have been made before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred ani eighty-four, by chandlers or other dealers tn candles, for fervtng public offices, facieties, or other persons, with candles, to be delivered at a time af Dealers who ter the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and bavecontraft eighty-four, it is hereby enacted. That the persons serving such candlesvfter candles, after the said first day of August, one thousand seven Aug. 1, 1724, hundred and eighty-four, in pursuance of such former cop may add the tracts, shall be allowed to add the duties hereby charged upon northwest d?tics such candles to the price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue jh«£o£c

of this act to be paid for the same accordingly.

V Provided always, That this act shall not extend to charge Small rush the duties on candles, herein before mentioned, on such fmali lighht8£m?de rush lights as shall be made by any person or persons, to be "iff f0rcpri* used in his, her, or their own houses only, so as such fmali rush vate use, net lights be only once dipped in or once drawn through grease or liable to new kitchen fluff, and not at all through any tallow melted or duties, refined; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, The new da that the duties by this acfc imposed upon candles imported, tieioncandle* shall be subject and liable to the additional duties or imposts j^bjcc^to of five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, feve the additional rally imposed by the acts respectively made in the nineteenth 5 percents, and twenty second years of the reign of his present Majesty, ontbepro upon the produce and amount thereof; and that such additional

duties or imposts of five pound per centum, and five pounds qcq. c/tj9

per

** Geo, J C 66.

19 Geos

C ia.

Excise officers im powered, after Aug. 1, 17i4, to enter the housei, Ac. of candle makers, and to take an account of their (lock, by day or by night.

Penalty on obstructing officers.

Recital of n Geo. X C 30.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III a t 1.; l*jh± per centum shall be raised9 levied, collected, and m.d.., ia ihc (ame manner, and under the same rules and regulator powers, and authorities, ways, means, and methods, V the said additional duties or imposts are by the said ag^nineteenth and twenty second years of his pretest Majesty reign directed to be collected and paid

VII And whereas great frauds upon the revenue are of mi sci

by the secret making of candles, without paying the duties for XI famcy which mighty in a great measure, be prevented if the officer of excise who survey the makers of candles were authorised to emir the workboufesy and other places of such makers of candles, by might as well as by day, and to take an account of the candles thereme&m, without waiting for the presence of a constable or peace officert im iske manner as officers are authorised to enter the workhouses of the maker: of glassy by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King George the fccondy intituled, An act for granting; .to his Adfjt several rates and duties upon glass, and upon spirituous liquors; and for raising a certain sum of money by annuities and at Jittery, to be charged on the said rates and dutiesj and for orating some doubts fbout making out orders at the exchequer for the moneys advanced upon the, credit of the salt, dune, granted and continued to his Majesty by an act of the. la$t^ef fion of parliament; be it further enacted by the autfjgf&v aforesaid. That all and every the officers of excise (hap at^ll times, by day or by night, be permitted, upon his or th^irrf quest, to enter into the house, melting house, warehoujfc, or other place whatsoever, belonging to or used by any persons, who, after the said first day of Augufly one thou^nd seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be a maker or mal^fei?4>t any candles whatsoever, and by weighing or tale of thexafkfigt, or otherwise, as to such officer shall Teem most proper and convenient, to take an account of the candles which (hau have been made by such maker or makers of candles from jime to time, in like manner as such officers may now do in the claytime. -.

VIII And be it further enacted, That if any maker or

makers of candles shall obstruct or hinder any of the said officers in the execution of the powers and authorities given to him or them by this or any other ad, for the ascertaining or securing the said duties upon candles, the person on persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds. X

IX And wkereasy by an act made in the eleventh year ofjjp reign of his majesty King George the firsty (inlituledy An 3d far more effectual preventing frauds and abuses in the pubfic^ revenues; for preventing frauds in the salt duties, and for giving relief for salt used in the curing of salmon and cod fuh, in the year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, exported from that part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the jo furance companies to plead the general issue in actions brought against them 3 and for securing the stamp duties upon

'' of

1784*]'Anno vicertnio qiiarto (jeoltari itl. fc.ii; 453

of ihfcinmce; ) it way enabled, That if any chandler, or maktr of tattdlks sir ale, Should begin to work upon, dip, or make tiny eourfe or mating of candles, not being mould candles, or, in order thereto, fhonfd make any of the preparations therein mentioned without first mating and delivering, or causing to be made and delivered, to the officer or officers under wbofc survey such chandler or maker of candles for file Should be, fitch declaration in writing of his, her, or their intentions to make such eourfe or making of candles, as in the aid add ir mentioned: and whereas the said exception of mould candles has been found inconvenient, and has afforded opportunities for the committing of frauds On the tevenue, by the secret making of mould candles with out paying the duties for the same; be it further enacted, That if, From Aflg. H from and after the'find first day of Auguffi one thousand seven7*4^ every hundred and eighty-four, any chandler or maker of candles shall begirt to work upon, or make any eourfe or making of triould begin a eourfe candles, or, in order thereto, shall make any of the prepafa of mould tkms in the said at mentioned, without first making arid deli candles, or vehng, or causing to be made and delivered to the officer or ffo?the officers under whole survey such chandler Or maker of candles without shall be, a declaration in writing of his, her, ot their intention delivering a to make such eourfe or making of mould candles, and of the written decu. particular hour or time of the day or night when such eourfe or r^vofficer making is intended to be begun, and of the true number artd of such his^iu fct of the moulds he, (lie, or they intend to fill and draw, and Wtio$, Gull also of tilt number of times he, (he, or they intend to fill and'forfeit 50u draw the same in each making or codrfc; every such chandler or maker of candles, On every failure or default in all or any of the particulars before mentioned, or having in or at such making or eourfe more br larger moulds or candles than shall be mentioned itl such declaration, or filling or drawing the said moulds a greater number of times than shall be mentioned in thte said declaration, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds; and if, after such declaration fd made as aforesaid, such making or eourfe of candles shall not be begun and proceeded upon at the hour and tilne mentioned in such declaration, or in three hours next after such hour and time, then every such declaration shall be, arid is hereby de dared to be null and void.

X And whereas, by the statutes now ih forte for hnpo/ing die ties itpon all dandles made in Great Britain, the commissioners of excise or other ptrfons by them refptftively appointed for that purpose, are tatohorized to Compound ahd agree with such per sins as halt make ttiniles, not to sell or to make any profit thereof, but to be consumed uin their own private htmfes only, at a certain rati or payment for every head which, at any time or tikies during the continuance Of fueb Xompefition, shall be of the family of such persons respefiively, as in end by the said statutes is particularly directed and required: and ivb treat gnat frauds have been and bre noib frequently pr a Hi fed by means of such compositions, and great quantities of candles have been privately disposed of and sold by such compounders, to the maniftft trt- t Jury of the revenue and: the fair trader \ for remedy thereof, belt Vo*. XXXIV I i further

4*>4 Anno vicrgrno quarto giiifcefm'hti tf.ifr,

From Aug. i, further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, ffoift aultaftflb 1784, commis the aid sirs jay 6fjuguffione thousandfevea huhdrtrf 'M cife, e&c°n«* 4'ghty four, all the powers and authorities to the comarfffsoftk. to compound er or excise or other persons by ail or any of tfre said a&sjnteiffc with any per to compound and agree with any person or perfphs fodi«fo( son* for make tics on candles by any such persons made or to be ittacts, Aim in candies cease an(j determine anything in any of the said statutes, of either of them, to the contrary in anywise notwithstm<fetgr; ixi. And it is hereby further enacted' by the authority wore said. That all and every person or persons who hath or bate already made composition or agreement for the duties on candles by them respectively made, or to be made, shall, on or tecfete the tenth day of Auguftt one thousand seven hundied and eighty-four, make true and particular entries of alt such candles' a they, or my of them, or any other person or persons in draught for them or any of them, were possessed of, on the first day df

ing candles for private life.

All compounders Shall, on or before Aug.

JO, s7s4,

make entries of all such candles hi

pofled of Augufty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, at tffe on Aug. 1, on office of excise, within the limits of which they shall rcfpcflivoy forfeiture of inhabit, upon paid of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds, atid also all the candles of which no such entry shall be thadev Scsd

501. and the unentered candles and, within six days after shall pay the duties, C

within six da vs after hebe, or they shall have made, or ought to hare made, such entry as aforesaid, shall pay down for The said candles the several duties chargeable upon candles^o?, 0 in default thereof, shall forfeit and lose double the value of tfce ffid candles; and that the houses, outhouses, and bthe^jfliweisfc longing to such compounders, from and after the said fifft nay of augu/it one thousand seven hundred and eightyifoifi^ (fyall and are hereby made liable to the furrey of the officerj fcy^be duties on candles, in the same manner, and undefjhe'^finm rules, and under the same fines and penalties foi twhimyl as persons making candles for sale are liable.

XII And whereas if may have happened that, powers by the said before recited

by the eommifftoners of excise for that May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, renewed competitions, and f he plenty payable for the same may bam

been received by such officers now, to prevent all confusion, be it enatfted by the authority aforesaid, That all such'xotii petitions as shall have been so msuie, renewed, or agteed tt^be made, c aeria, y after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred end ' eighty-four, shall be, and are hereby declared hmf^(m\»ds and all such sums of money as shall have been recelvpctlqr the said officers, from the persons so making or renewing tattr positions as aforesaid, shall, and the lame are berebjy't^dfted and required to be returned to the person and pembmfdtw* tively who shall have paid the same; anything; former a Its to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. ia Penalties and Kill And be it further enacted by the amhcnify'atforduid, forfeitures That all finks, penalties, and forfeitures, mtetatidi^ttrai^nd to, be/j* duties upon candies, shall be sued for, levied, todtireetkroe^ torfed. Qx "it'gatedj by sue*i ways, means, and methods, os^tnyioc,

penalty.

All compofr

tlons made, See. after Ml,

It7*4f be void, and the money returned fb the com pounders.

ahi vittfimeiqauto^eoagij IH. C u. 4|£

ftoaktf, jpcforfsimflc, or may be recovered or mitigated by fflr low «r laws of excise, or byodtion of debt, bill, plaint, or jhwwafttiqp, in any of his mtojesty's courts of record at wtfi jffmufrr, orit) the court of exchequer in reipedtivelyf

jy that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or .forfeiture, jrmii bo to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other ^aoiety to him or them who shall diicover, inform, or sue for the font,

> 3tjv. And be k further enacted fw the authority aforesaid,

That all the moneys arising by the said additional duties by thie Duties to be imposed upon candies fthe necessary charges of raising and ac pinto th counting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid excb*9uct* Jftto cby receipt of his majesty's exchequer at separate

and apart from all other duties and the said money so paid How to be into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund*'?'* for the payment of th federal annuities, and all such other changes and expenoes, as are directed to be paid and payable purfca nt to an aof this present session of parliament, inti, tuied, An act sir raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities i t&dfer ajlablishing a lottery).

: XVT. And be it further enadtd by the authority aforecaid,

That if ny action, Amor prosecution, shall be brought or Limitation of r wwmenoed agfunft any person or persons for anything dfone in aan pursuance of this such atf ion, fuitr or prosecution, shall be %

Vought or commenced within three months next, after the thing ^. v)dont, nd shall be laid in the proper county*and the defendant {.pfj defendants may plead the general issue, and give this at and General MW 0.fjwibccial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon;

^jupd if a ycrdi& pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action, suit, or prosecution, or judgement be given s^ga^such plaintiff or plaintiffs, then such defendant or de

shall have treble costs awarded to him her, or them, Treble ooa* vpgaipft such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XIL

- : ; -''

:

; i

iwxu'tifi (tenable tbi governor and company of the bank of Scotland 4sbr. - farther to entreafe the capitalflock if the said company*

E R E A S by an act of tie parliament of Scotland made Preamble.

the year one thousand six hundred and ninety five, intituled, : for eroding a bank in Scotland, a joint focky amounting to Recital of an ^{tie.fimtf twelve hundred thousand pounds Scots money was allowed the

fajfid by the company thereby established for carrying on andean

k bank; and certain persons therein mentioned were authored to appoint a book for receiving tbffubjcriptions of such per, t>ufins annexe willing to become adventurers in. the said pint flock: tit aid as it. was dtchrtd, That ent v.'jbtmbttbt lawefi, andtvnnty thoujend pounds Scots tbt bi^he0, Jim. v/bith mg i jbouu. bmllmtd to fttbfcribt: ead\ :

- " XI 2'' " .*3

r

456 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IIL C i4.: [1784*

aft it was also declared That all and everytie per sins, subscntbfig and paying to the aid stock as aforesaid Jbotdd be one bodypolau£ and corporate, by the name of The Governor and Compaayrtfthc Bank of Scotland; under which name they. Should have perpetual succession, and Should have a common seal: and by the said act U way directed, That, within three months after the aforesaid subscrjplwu Should be ended, the persons in, the said act narptd, or any Uuoef them, Should appoint a certain day, and make due intimation, of tba V same, that such and so many of the adventurers, and none ofher^ as Should each of them have subscribed for one thousand pounds or upwards in the said book of the joint flock, might elect and ebufit, by*majority of votes, which were to be given, one vote for every pop 1thousand pounds Jbare of the flock, afit person of the subseribery % ub* had subscribed for himself at least sir eight thousand pounds, tob* governor of the said bank; and another fit person of the subseribery who fhoulf have subscribed forbimfelf at leaf for six thousand pounds to be deputy governor of toe said bank; and also twenty-four other fit persons, who Should have subscribed each of them for huufelf at leaf) for three thousand pounds in the said joint flock, to be direftorp of the said bank: and certain other rules and regulations were thereby prescribed, for the better managing and' ordering the affairs of the said bank; and, in purfuanco of the aforesaid act, the said bank wen soon after eflablifbed, and has ever fmee continued: and whereas, by an act of the parliament of Great Britain, faffed in the fourteenth Art 14 Geo. years his present Majesiys reign, intituled, An act to .enable the 3; C 31. re. governor and company of the bank of Scotland to encrease^he capital stock of the said company, it was enpfted'. That within one month after the passing of the said act, or as soon after as might J the court of ordinary directors of the said bank Should appoint*bpoi, to be, opened and kept at the office of the said bank of Scotland, far receiving subscriptions for an additional capital or joint stock, U tie extent of twelve hundred thousand pounds Scots, or one hundred thousand pounds fierling money, and no more; in which book every person or persons poffieffied of a Share or fbares of the original capital stock of the said bank Scotland Should be entitled to subjeribe for as much of the said new or additional stock as he, Jhe, or they Should be poffieffied of, of the old or original ft ocl at the time of his, her, or their Jubscribing, and no more, or for a leffier number of Jbares thenar of, iffuch per Jon or persons Should so think proper: and by lb said.. it was further declared. That no proprietor Should hold mpre (bat twenty fbares of the old flock, or more than forty fbares of tfur and new together: and it was also by the said act further declared That after the additional capital Should be completed, no proprietor Should be elected governor, unless be had, upon the original and JW* flock together, paid in the sum of fexteen thousand pounds Scott 3 roar deputy governor, unless he had, upon the original and new flock togs gether, paid in twelve thousand pounds Scots; nor director uylgfi he had, upon the original and new stock together, paid in six thaujemd pounds Scots; and that from and after the said period, no proprietor Should be entitled to give his vote in the tleftien of a governor, deputy governor qr dir eft or, or in any queflfintn anyxgeneral meeting»tot*

17s4o Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III e. 1#; 45/

was nh pajfeffed of two thousand pounds Scots of old or new foci, er oli and new flock together, and who had not actually paid th the filtd two thousand pounds; and that every proprietor Should have a vote for eachtwo thousand pounds which he had actually paid in: provtded akuaysy That no proprietor Should ever be entitled to more rban twenty votes: and certain other rules and regulations were by the find aft prescribed, for the better managing and ordering the affairs of the find bank: and whereas it would greatly tend to the advancement of commerce, and be otherways highly beneficial and expedient, That the capital stock of the said bank Should be still further increased, Jo as not to exceed in the whole the sum of three million six hundred thousand pounds Scots money, or three hundred thoujani pounds flerting: may it therefore pleafeyour Majesty that it may be eriased; and be it enafied by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament affetnbjed, and by the authority of the same. That within one A subserip month after the passing of this act, eft as soon after as may be, t, on to be tcourt of ordinary directors of the said bank shall appoint' a book to be opened and kept at the office of the said bank of additional Scotland, for receiving subscriptions for an additional capital or capital of joint dock, to the extent of twelve hundred thousand pounds 100, pool. Scots, or one hundred thousand pounds sterling money, and no shore; in which book every person or j^rfons possessed of two proctors, or more shares of the present capital stock of the said bank of

Scotland, shall be entitled to subscribe for a proportional part of the said new or additional stock, corresponding to the shares so possessed by such person orpersons at the time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more; that is to say. That each proprietor holding two (bares of the present capital stock, shall he Hititled to subscribe for one share of the new additional stock, qpd np more; and soon, in proportion.

- II And, in order that no person or persons possessed of slack in the said bank of Scotland may be deprived of the benefit hereby intended them; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be Proprietors in the power of every proprietor of the present capital stock of may fabfenbe the said company, by a writing under his, her, or their hands, pry to authorise any other person he, (he, or they shall think proper, to fpbfcribe for him, her, or them; and the subscription of the person so authorised shall be equally effectual as if the proprietor yrho gives such authority.had lubscribed, with his, her, or their bands.

C HI. And be it further enacted, That the privilege and pre Time limited ferenee of subscribing to the new or additional stock hereby r iubfciip given to the proprietors of the present capital stock of the faid1101X4 bank, shall be limited to three months from the time of opening the subscription book abovementioned; and after the expiration of the said term, in case any share or shares of the said rtew or additional flock shall not have been subscribed for, the said subscription book (fyall be (hut, and a general meeting of the proprietors calied, upon such notice #1$ a court of ordinary

I i 3 directors

googi<.

*5?

How <b*rts unsubscribed for are to be

diipofoliu3

Gain on falea to be applied to the ule of the bank.

>^bn<fcylcefi(po q«mtc> Gborgjl ill. g, 12., m

of/(hall tbiok sit at whkh rocetmg the; not subscribed for, (hu be d to the higpefr bidden, tt fuak bidder be a pnoprwtor of thq present capital ftocji 1 said bi*k, or be authorised and knpowered to.purchafci u person who is at proprietor of thpfeid<«apiui flock by Wider hit, lw or tbtirhands,

V JW And be it farther onacted, That iuvcafa auy prea^qijl or gain b? received upon or by the said falo or falcs,

shall be applied for the benefit of thegovernoraod cxrtjipei^

the bank of Scotland

If the shares are not all disposed of, a subscription to be again

optnedl

General meeting of proprietors may call for new (lock to

V And be it further enabled, That if any fhace os^jnjra of the new flock hail not be sold at the said general mustang jy proprietors then, and in that ease, the subscription booh shall be immediately again opened; end it flail be ir the power f ny person to subscribe for such a number of shares as, be fh»l choose.

VI And be it furthef enabled, That it shall and. maybe lawful to the majority of a general meeting of the said proprietors to call for the whole or any part of the new or additional

iicwiiocitio ftoch to be subscribed for, in manner above directed, at Arch b*7ub(gribed times and in such proportions as they shall think proper: pro fey, '- vided always. That no subseriber shall be called upon to pfiy

'' up more than his just proportion of one hundred thou land pounds fteding, the amount of the. new flock corresponding to the ot^mber of shares subscribed for by him; but it shall not be'in the power of any subseriber to pay up either the whole m any part of the new additional flock, until the same shall he calied, for by a majority of a general meeting of proprietors.

Wo proprietor VIL And be it further eroded, That no subseriber ofnew of new stock flock shall be entitled to draw any part of a dividend cithir to draw act upon his old or new flock, until he has paid his proportion, of calf II paid in! any (i>at has been ordered by a majority of agene

' meeting of proprietors; and each subseriber of new flock

failing to pay his proportion of such call, shall be charged wip the legal interest upon it until the same be paid, and shall hayc no vote at cle&ioas or general meetings while the same rtynfihs unpaid.'' .' a

VIII And it is hereby enacted, That a certificate under me hand of the accountant of the said bank, certifying tfiataffll or calls have not been paid by any of the perforowjjo*

Court of fef (ion to utue lettf f of

horning

affa?n<kner - subscribed themfewes to the said new flock, or by any At

/" f I »_ v/\r uviam snir Athnv nttv/vin imnatonm/i e n^arnf<a)a

&

font failing to persons'for whom any other person empowered. as flfpreli pay in their fobferibed to the said flock, shall, when produced with teiie's^ to the court of session, bea fuf&dent warrant to the said court for issuing Tetters of horning against such person or persona ft the call or calls unpaid by theat (he mftanceor iiiie>nfcjhe treasurer of the said bank, '

IX And be it further enadfcd. That, after the; new additional flock has been completely paid inno proprietor, fh^tp* elected governor, unless he be poffdftdof twenty rfour tbmkmd pounds Swi", nor deputy governor; unless' he be pofiiflfit&irf ....... .................

Qualification of governorp

r] Anno vicesimo quarto Giorgii TIE C 13.'43)

ergnteen thousand pounds; nor director, unless h8bc pojf tifta dfnhife thoufatfaf pbtfttds Scots bftb flock of the'said go _4 vcrttbr^ndeompany of the bank of Siotknd.

*' X And be it farther enacted, That after the said new addi qgaefaation tiohal ftoek Has been completed in the manner above direfied, 'own.

4ao proprietor dial! be entitled to give his vote in the election of a governor, deputy governor, or directors; or in any queftton firstov general meeting, who is not poflbflfed of three thousand;'

Scots of flock, and who has not actually paid in the nid three thousand pounds Scots j atld that every proprietor shall have a vote for each three thousand pounds Scots which ho s aftnahy paid in: provided always. That no proprietor shall ?verbe int(tied to more than twenty votes.

XI And wbereasthnt fart of theaforefavd all of the parliament if Scotland which declared. That twenty thousand pounds Scots Should be the hightjt Jhm which any one person be allowed to subscribe j and that part of the aforesaid aether all of the fourteenth df his (rrfent Mojejly which provided, That no proprietor Should told'more than twenty shares of the old or more than forty

Jiares of the old and new together, have been found by experience to >befrodulhve of no good confluence, but on the tontrary, to be at..

with great inconvenience; be it therefore further enacted,

That those parts of the said two before mentioned acts be, and restriction In'fhd same are hereby repealed; and thar in time to come, any t*jj'/9rmer 'person.' or persons may hold, in his, her, or their name, fuctr a repealed.

'putriberof shares of flock as he, (he, or they, may choose to mibltf dr acquire: provided'always, as abovementioned. That - tft/jirdprietbr (Hal) ever be intitfed to more than twenty Votes, either in the annutf'cledtioh of governor, deputy governor,

a] djrectors, Or in any question whatever that may occur or. pi made the subjefl of difeuflion at any general meeting of pro

^priefars.

, XII And it r hereby provided and declared, That the said Former au the; parliament of Scotland in the year sixteen hundred confirmed, 'iftfd'irfnery five, excepting so far as the same is altered by the'pis Other act of the fourteent|i of his present Majesty; and also y

'the ftid aft bf the fourteenth of his present Majesty, shall re

Oin full force in all points, excepting in so far as the same fcretf ty this act.''

'xfhi And, laftly; be it enacted by the authority afarefeid, lat dtis aft shall bf deemed a' public act; and shall be judi pubbck aftf alfy taken riotice of by all: judges; justices, and outers jvhat*

Without ijpeciahy pleadingthe' same.

C a p, $mv

_ ____ andenabling commissioners farther to examine,

take, and (Tate the public accounts of the kingdom.

asa dfio6eo. 3. C <4; ^rgeo. j. CI 455 ia Geo. j. C <05 and a j Geo, h. LI recrrtd. ltiomae1 aogoiib esquire, Arthur Piggott esquire, ixlidme* Msaye /dquire, saoum Beach rott esquire, George Drummond.

: ftybt*, and William Hoc esquire, comraifiionere appointed to examine

' and.

4&> Anno .viapsimo quarto gbqbqufuj. e, rr P[ 178**'i

And rtate the public accounts of the kingdom. tbetrecuc«u0etp o^rq tinue in force, from ahd after July», 1784.. No conmuflijpufr.tp - civil office of profit during pleiiure ander his Majesty. Ahy twse rhecominissioner* to he sworn before that abaaceilor bf the exi$&£>efv 7 .catin former act. The fiid three opvnmissioners to ediniiiffirr^the oath to the rest. Lords of the trealuiy may pay, ooq|. 40 the «csfer rd of the cominiflioner*. To be employed for the payment of clerks.

Other officers and in defraying all other charges in execution of the covterc t 10 the ad, to be appointed by three comnfiifttoners and accounteid for the exchequer, and to he tax free. Executofi of the accoaatttitt to St J itend commissioners and execute their orders. Continuance of this act lot j bncyear from July as, 1784, and no longer.

CAP. XIV

, _'a a

An act to enable the commissionea of his Majesty's treasury t6 dhvtu*pound a debt due to the crown from Francis Dixon esq; and his lurerieii and for vetting his elutes in trustees; and for otuer purr poles therein mentioned.*''7'

CAP. XV

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor belonging.to je veral parities within the town of Shrew (bury and the liberties inercof, in the county of Salop.

t.

cap. xvr.

An act to discontinue the petty custom on aliens goods imported into Great Britain, and the duty of one per centum on goods exported, to-pr imported from the Mediterranean Seas in unqualified ships$

etfta for repealing ft much of qn aft passed in the fourth year of the reign of bit prejent Mqjejiy as enaft$9 that no part of the old fob july flail be drawn back upon good exported $0 the British tetanies or plantations in America.

Preamble. X TH E R E A S several duties and restrictions9 imposed by var'mw

efts of parliament upon mercbcuidize, are by he alteration of the trade now carried on between this kingdom and foreign flaus\ m some cases become an unnecejfary burden upon commerce without. producing any real advantage to the public revenue; and it is expedient

that they Should not be any longer continued; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it crowded by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the, adyfe? and consent of lords spiritual and temporal, apd commons this present parliament assembled, anq by the au&wty^f From Aug.'the same. That, from and after the twentieth day August^0, 17*4* the one thousand seven hpndred and eighty-four, the. dflty

on aliens monty called The Petty cttjlom9 imposed by an a rnade in the goods to cease. twelfth year of the reign of jung.cfyarjqs the Second; intituled, I Afubfsdy granted to the King of tonage ana poundage, and otherfums

if money payable upon merchandise exported m.d... i&pfirjed, (ft Jty tjfe rules thereto annexed, and all other additional duties imposed by arjy a. of parliament, upon the goods f aliens, or(upfitetf born, over and' abpve the duties paye \iy naturajrhofp jmf pits, except as hereinafter is provided, shall peas, icwmw*

78*41}t 'anno v^efirho quarto Georgii IH. e. 16.

nd4w na longer paid or payable; any law, cuilom, or usage, o itit contrary notwithstanding.

il.j Provided always, and it i6 heray further enacted. That not extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or njvtifealter the duties due and payable, by any act of parlia netrt, upon goods imported into, or exported front, this king lo, apy fqjrqigq ship or yeffel, nor tq the duties of pack ige and tcauagcf} or any duties granted by charter to the mayor ind cdmmonalty and citizens of the city of London.

HI. Andyi the better to prevent the said mayor and common ilty and citizens from being fraudulently injured, be it enacted by: heauthority aforesaid, That every merchant, or other, passing any goods, wares, or merchandizes, inwards or outwards, [hall by himfdf, or his known servant, factor, or agent, fub* .cribe one or more bill or bills of entry, whether such goods are on alien, or British account, and, if required, make oath of: he same before the officer appointed to receive the said duties, (who is authorised, by the charter granted to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, to administer the same; ) and no entry on alien account shall be permitted by the officer of the customs to pass, or the goods to be delivered, unless the Ggnature or mark of the city's collector, or his deputy, appears on the face of such warrant; and if any goods entered on Britffb account, which are (bona sids) aliens property, the merchant or others entering the same shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty, pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or infotmation, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster % in the name of the officer or collector appointed to receive the said dues in behalf of the said mayor and commonalty ?nd citizens; and the damages foto be recovered shall be pajd into the chamber of London, for the use of the said mayp^and commonalty and citizens.

ly. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth day of Avgufl, one thoofattd (evert hundred and eighty-four, no part of the duties, commonly called The Impcfi one thousand even hundred and events nine, and 7 he Impojl one thousand [even hundred and eighty twiy imposed by two acts of parliament made in the nineteenthnd?fw«rtty second years of his majesty's reign, for granting acl dftfod ai d dries u|ton the produce of the several duties under the that^geifient of the respective commjffioriers of the customs and excite in Great Britain, so far as the same hath been, or hahmbm piid or payable upon th aliens duty, chargeable for any goods imported into this kingdom, in any ship or vessel, (half be repaid, or drawn back, - upon the exportation of such gfiod^'any thing io the said receited act, or any other act, to thesfiootrary notwithstanding.

V And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore wd^ That from and aftjer the said twentieth day of August> pne thoufaftdtseven hundred and eighty-four, the duty of one per Wtumf €nohhq|)ty c^il^d tys Mediterranean £>uty^ which, by^" u an

4*1

To what duties this act shall not extends

Regulations*relative to Us export and import of merchandise

No goods to be entered on

British account which are aliens property, on penalty of 50w

From Aug so, 1784, no part of the import 1779, nor of the import 178s, payable upon aliens duty, shall be drawn back on sex portation#

From Aug so, 1784, the Mediterranean duty, granted by 13 and 14 Car. s9 cap. II shall cease.

40* ann$r\atbm qtfortfr&wrvh Wf

an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth yean oftherq of king Charles the Second, intiodefl, An o3 .jpr, i frauds, and regulating chufiu his cu/hms, VI _ ttporr goods exported from thh Nngdomico atwjort qr or the Mediterranean Southeast, beyond the port; of

ported front thence, to any. port of thn kingdom, uv I or veilel which is not qualified as byithe said. a iff*1 and directed, shall cease, determine, and be no loqgfltj payable. -. q

From Aug. VI And it is hereby further etiafted by the aq ?» p*rt said, That from and after the said twentieth dayqfv ij^rttiriltl* thousand fetch hundred and eighty-four, so 3'*of parliament made in the fourth year of his pi

entitled. An act for grunting certain duties iu tie. and plantations in America; for continuing, intending, audoyb perpetual, an act passed in the faith pear of the reign of huksn jefip King George the Secon( An act for the btacri curing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugarcck nies in America \) for applying the effutb dmus, j

the duties to arijie by virtue of the af, towards egfrw» expenses of definding, prtt, andftauring, thejhiictlma a plantationsfor explaining made

the reign of King Charles the Steond, intituled, oadfxd encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland trade and a the better securing the plantation trade; } ant for olttru[ n disallowing ftvetal drmohecis on experts mt. more effeltuady preventing ctiweyapt

and from the said cebnietani limitations, and xim

trig the trade between the same and Great Britain; at .oa That no part of the rate or duty, commpnly qupl 'Old Subsidy, 'shall' be repaid or drawn backtor.»pj t.. growth, production, or manufacture

East Indies, which shall be exported from thiq j: iugaot^ro^ British colony or plantation in America, (wirier, whipimm and muslins, only excepted, ) fiull be, and. tepestlfed and made void. vsviisvs ic

CAP. XVII cb

Ln wsk for amending and rendering more etfe&oil ikimunsk tittf eighth year of the reign of hit late Majesty, intituled, W

better relief and employment of the poor of the otherwise Launceston, and parish of Saint Merry, county of Cornwall $ and for veiling the aftennpw mon lands within the borough in trustees, for ty*mentioned

CAP. XVIII

'Mfeidi

jj'l C CC; :

An ab for hying additional

boards, and Jcaleboards I and for explaining eeti. ing the duties impefed hyan spade in the ixt(titj) his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An a9; (bf ftp present duties' upon paper, pafteboards, rr{ltftjb ieakboards, mad in Great Britain; and t^jjwhf duties in lieu thereof, 1*^''"*"

y

V

tfcpflmi ^irfor^s(mtoflr ri*cbt %

4&1

iwfoft 0raciou« Sovereign,

''E# ffo^majestirti «oa dutiful and loyal subjejfts, the coti$m»ttt ottitaa Britain, ia parliament atiembled, Preamble. fomf Waiting the nseeflhry fopplics to defray your majesty's hj«w^*xpe*«s* have freely and voluntarily resolved to give M gimfct umo your Majesty lb several additional rates and,

rite upon paper, pafteboerd, millboard, and scaleboard^ ri^after 'nientioned j and do therefore most hnmbly beck yoormajesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted efife King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice Plmitoff of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common

_ present parliament affismbled, and by the authority of

That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and Frora Ao?*

fevdh; hertdfed and eighty-four, shall be made in Great, foal' pap*r» bveriaridabove all former duties of excise, or other duties al miuhoa^d and ready5imposed thereupon, by any a of parliament, the further realeboard, rates fahrf duties here in after particularly mentioned and de made in fcfibed, 'and dafted In the several tables annexed to this act: Great Britaini (that is W frv, J videlicet,

'^*- -,

flsinf of paper made in Great Britain for writirig, imperial

tisthijmpefiaii of the value o( two, pounds, eleven Shillings ttoftrssma per reahy artd'tipwtrtls, and not exceeding the dimentions of** "

twenty ttvo inches by thitty inches and a quarter, three Shillings*' '

For cveftf ream of paper made'in Great Britain for writing. Super royal eatlldd sitph* Rejal, of the value of one pound, eighteen Shillings am pri yearn, and upwards, and not exceeding, the di mentions of p'nineteen inches and a quarter by rwenty fevaa inches and an has, the sum of two Shillings and threepence,

every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing. Royal ditto, called Bejal, of the value of one pound, nine Shillings par *<(. per, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimentions ot nine rean, J k inches and a quarter by tweenty tour inches, ode shilling btd>hide peoce s

; fbrisvwf irahri rf paper made in Great, Britain for writing, Mediiimdittp, of the value of one, pound, two Shillings, and^a, pef fxpence 'per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the di uenfions of (eventeet^ inches and an half by twenty-two inches 1 an half poe shilling and sixpence: :

' evtty rmiti Of paper made in Great Britain for writing. Demy writing (rjpety, of the value of sixteen Shillings per ream, and paper, is. per Ipyhfrdt, 'arid hot exceeding the dimentions of fifteen inches jpd'aa half by twenty indies, one shilling:

tta'.'every rtam of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Thick post med tytiti pejl, of the vajue of thirteen Shillings per ream, d PU

''*4'i andream*

njoo^ic

Thin poll ditto, 7 d. per ream |

Small pod ditto, 6 CL per reamj

Fools cap ditto, 6 d. per ream;

Pott ditto, d. per ream;

Double atlas, for writing, or copperplate printing, ios. per ream;

Demy, for ditto, 7d. per ream;

Copy, for writing, or copperplate printing, 4d, per ream;

Fools cap. for ditto, 3 d. per ream;

Littiis fools cap. for ditto. 3 CL per ream;

Pott, for ditto, id. per ream; f

gtfntf vfetsimo qvttrto^eougu.

and upwards, and not exceeding the dimeftfioh*rofloft&eti inches and a quarter by nineteen inches and*h laflf£ pence; .«7 - V -

fr every ream of paper macft'so Great Britain called Thin Pcjt, of the value of ten fhiuvfigft Wards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen' uxdheitfm a quarter by nineteen inches and an half, fcverwpehdet

For every ream of paper made in Great brit&kt fa wrhfor, Called Small poj1> of the value of seven Shillings arid six pierkc per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding thedfitoeftfidris of thirteen inches and an half by sixteen inches and art haff* pence: '-

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Fools Cap. of the value of nine Shillings per stem, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inched and an half by sixteen inches and three quarters, sixpence :

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Potty of the value of six shillingsper ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of twelve indies and anhalt by fifteen inches and an half, fourpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, or copperplate printing, called Double atlasy of the vdaetf fifteen pounds per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding she dimensions of fifty-five inches by thirty-one inches and fc half, ten Shillings;

For every ream of paper made in Great, Britain fotwririn^, or copperplate printing, called Demy of the value of twent Shillings ream, and upwards, and not exceedmgtlied^n^i fions of fifteen inches and an half by; twenty inches, fcvca pence; 'V - V

# For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing or copperplate printing, called Copy or Bastardj 6f ttot seven Shillings and sixpence per ream, arid upwards, arid at exceeding the dimensions of sixteen inches by ewemy inters and a quarter, four pencei^ 1

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, or copperplate printing, called Feels Cap. of the vatae f six Shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches and ah half by fixteeo inches and three quarters, threepence:

For every ream of paper made in Great brit*b*forvnii\n§ or copperplate printing, called Litris Soils Cap. f bd Vatoaf six Shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding menfions of thirteen indies and an half by ieveimen inchest an half, threepence, n t

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for wrifiwra or copperplate printing, called Potty of the*value<)f/otir'4hfi4 ings per ream, and upwards, and not exceedingthe ditaeoiferij of twelve inches and an half by fifteen inches amdaahafivttqfl pence:

Sot every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writidgj

784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II C i $4465

r copier plate printing, calied, Grandpagle or Double e&pbanti Grand «gle, f the value of four pounds per ream, and upwards and not xpeeeding, ftkedimenfions of twenty six, inches, and threep'[uarters by forty inches, four shillings: :

, very ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, coiombier, sot if, copperplate printing, called Colombier, of the value of two c, tt J d >punds and ten Shillings per ream, and upwards, and not ex perre*n, t ceding the dimensions of twenty-three inches and an half by hirty ipur inches and an half, three shillings and sixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Ada, for die r copperplate printing, called Atlas, of the value of three to, (worth 31.) kktnds per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the di s per ream; nenfions of twenty six inches and a quarter by thirty-four in:

: five, Shillings,

, every ream of paper made in Great. Britain for writing, Ada, for ir eppper plate printing, called Atlas, of the value of two writing or 'ounds per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen copperplate io0?pf twenty six inches and a quarter by thirty-four inches, ) —

wo Shillings and sixpence: ad. per

For every reaip of paper made in, Great Britain for writing, ream; ir copperplate printing, called Small Atlas, of tyre value A one Small atlas, etund and ten Shillings per ream, and upwards, - and oot ex for ditto, gediipg the dimensions of twenty-five inches by thirty-one "* Pw nches, two Shillings and sixpence: ream;

For. gvery ream of paper made in Great Britain for .writing, Imperial, for r copperplate printing, called Itnperial, of the value of one ditto, 1. gd, round and tieoftulhngs.per ream, and t upwards, ; and not ex per ream; ceding the dirhenfions of twenty-two inphes by thirty inches m.d.. a quarter, ojqc shilling and nine*pence:

For every ream.of paper made ip Great Britain for writing, Super royal,

r copperplate printing, called Super Royal, of the value of for ditto, 1«. ine pound and five (Killings per ream; and upwards, and not d per ream;

i*ceeding the dimensions of tupetcen.inches'and*a. quarter by

wenty deven inches and a half, one shilling and sixpence;

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writings Long royal, : ir copperplate printing, called Long Royaof the value, of one for ditto, 1 $. iound per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimea per ream; ions of twenty seven inches and an half by eighteen inches,

>qe shilling:,

Fqr every ream of paper made, in Grert Britain foe writing. Royal, for '

, r copperplate printing, called Royal, of the value of eighteen ditto, 11. per hillingsand upwards, and not exceeding the dimen re, m iops ofnineteen inches and a quarter by twenty ijour inches,

northeast fltjjliqg i, 'I

For every roam, of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Demy, for r copperplate printing, called Demy, of the value of thirteen ditto, 7d. per billings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen team; ions ofseventeea ioches by twenty-two inches, fcvet? pence:

fot.eveiy team of paper madq in Great Britain for writing, short if cppper, pl»tc. printing, called. Short Demy or Grown', of the for writing/or alue or nine fl)il}ings per, ream, and upwards, and pot exceed copperplate

jne printing, jd.

<* £cr ream

Paper for banknotes. See. 1t. per ream

46# Atmevkeflf* quarto

iqg the dimensions of fourteen inches by twe^adpif a quarter) or of fifteen inches by twenty I nchea* fir«sp:

_ t tfor every ream of paper made in Great Britain % wng

ditto*as^'pw' or copp«r'p^atc Panting, called Large Fapt of thfc va^ueofa team*Shillings per ream, and upfeards, and not exceeding 1 dimensions of twenty three inches and an half by tw^wytoci and an half, one shilling: T. J

, For every ream of paper made in Great Britan, .tfx vfai

dsw, od! per or popper pla, e printing, called Small of ntn'i*eleven Shillings per ream, andupwards, and oot

dimensions of twenty-two inches and a quarter ly inches and a quarter, nine pence: ..

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain tat \ Elepliant, for or copperplate printing, called of the vafop/cif fibe^

ram*^ billings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the

fiorts of twenty three Inches by twenty-eight laches, sui pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for bint j bankers bills or notes, allowing two bills or notes in d sheet, one shilling; 'and foin proportion for«greater fitiq number of bills or notes in each (neet:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Printing dou called Double De, of the value of op? J

od. on*'**' eighteen Shillings per bundle, and upwards, and ndt berth) the dimensions of twenty six inches by thirty dj'fofococio an half, one shilling ant) nine pence: - "j.

For every bundle of paper made in Great Printing called Royal, of the value of one pound^and four jfisjingt^f r°y'**<, ' bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the. dfouamm*! ftt "Ua t; nmeteen inches and an half by twenty-four inches Indy

or of twenty inches by twenty six inches, onefhifoagiwm p«n«' \

Printing royal or ever bun^e f paper made in interior, ti. ing, called Royal Inferior, of (he value of fourteen (hifaljpl1 per bundle) bundle, and upwands, and not exceeding the diatens^c nineteen inches and an half by twenty-four inchesii(j jij

- eight pencei g. j

For every bundle of paper made id ?.ffw

called Medium, of the value of one poilod prr' "-

wards, and not exceeding the dimensions" " twenty-three inches, eleven pened:

Printing demy For every bundle of paper made in Great.

sin ing, called Demy Single, 01 the value of

bub le bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding d seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two in teen inches and a quarter by twenty-one ificbea i ten pence: .

printingdemy For every bundle of paper made in greatbr^

inferior, 6 d. ing, called Dttrry Infen of the value bf teq

bundle, and upwards, and not exceedifig.jfoe L seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two 1

Printing medium, nd. per bundle;

pet bundle;

aih^vi^mb 4*?

Frir every 'bniadle of paper made m Great Britain printing, Printing dou xci'doune Crown, of the value of seventeen fltilkngs tyecrown.sd. 5sdju£' and "upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of Pw bundle rctitf inches by thirty inches, eight pence. '

For 'everybuodk of paper made in Great Britan for print' Double crown 1 &4ued 'Double Crown Inferior, of the value of twelve dull inferior, cr* ftr bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen per bundle m of twenty inches by thirty inches, seven pence;

Fdr every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for print printing.fia tg, Oiled Single Crown, of the value of thirteen Shillings per gk wown,* mub^ and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of pr bundl#i fteen inches by twenty inches, eight pence:

Fdr every'bundle of paper made in Great Britain for pr int single crow

(e called Single Croton Inferior, of the value of eight Shillings inferior, d

rr'bdndle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of P bundle tftefen inches by twenty inches, five pence:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for print Printing de bg*. called dtmjtijjut, of the value of eight Shillings per bun tny

ms, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of seven peru ie

Kit ihphet and an half by twenty-two inches, five pence:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for print Crown tissue, crowntijjue, of the value of five Shillings per bun 3d. per bua tod upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen dle» let by twenty inches, threepence: r'Fbr every bundle Of paper made in great britain for print Printing do, iag, called Double Pott, of the value of nine Shillings per bun ble pott, 6d. fieyand upwards, atid not exceeding the dimensions of seven pr bundlei (beta Inches, bytwenty five inches gna an half, (ixpence:

For evfery ream or paper made in' Great tailed - Cartridge, yd. tridgfr hot exceeding the diiflenfiorts of twenty-one inches by per ream htenty ftr1 inches, seven pente:

For every ream of paper made in Grtat, called Spare Square cart

ttoririige, n at exceeding the'dfmenfibns of twenty-four inches ridge, 8d. tod in half by twenty-five Inches and an half, right pence: 1 pr ream

1 Far cvriy ream of paper niade in Great Britain, called Car Small cart bridgt, flirt exceeding the difaeflfions of nineteen inches and a ridge, 6 d. quarter by twenty-four inches, sixpence: perreamj

^fof'ewy team of paper made in Great, called Elephant y&dbf Gonna, nor exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three ednimon/jd.

tries bytwtaty rightinches^ five pence: '"'" perreamj

For eve ry ream of paper made in Great Britain, tailed Ars ar Sugv blue,

&ng the dimensions'^of twenty oherinches and sd per 1

t tmeer inchtt, right pence: 1 ram

up inade in"greatbritain, toiled Sugar Sugar blue, s&^'not exceeding the dimensions of eighteen fmallerbixe, nik'qinuters by twenty seven inches, sixpence'f 6 d p61, ream

U

I Cf,

y warn paper ftfiide in Great Bcalled Sugar

rctm 1

Purple royal, 4d. per ream)

Blue elepliant, d, per ream)

Bine royal, Sdl per biui die y

Blue demy feloflbm, 6d. per bundle j

Blue crown fingte, 3 d. per bundle f

Royal hand thick, 4^. per ream:

Royal hand, d. per bundle |

dumber hand, d. per bundle |

Double two

pounds, 3d. per bundle;

Single two

pound, t d. per bundle

midd!e, hand double, d. pcr bundle;

Middle hand, 3a. per bundle)

an*o >^icduim^jc^iarachrafx|koab^T ftfla

Blue Grmvn: ixe, aot exceedingaba diaserifipntfof fjffce»rtochc> by twenty mchet, five pc nee: < 1^/*'.*v£l.

For every ream of paper raadedn fed^mfc

Itytf/, not exceeding the: Amenfions of nitaetttn inctfe* Wl in half by twentyrfour inchesand at quarter, foudpenofcv For every ream of paper made in Great Brittin\ cum'm £jepbantt. not exceeding the dtrqeaftons of twenty thrfeehtfeho by twenty-eight inches, fixpeaces. 1; ''V- -- -

every bundle of paper made in Grtat qjjfcd

Blue Reytl, not exceeding: the dnoonfions of^htilttdfh^mt^s

suid an half by twenty-four inches and a quarter?

For every bundle of paper made in Grtst briuan;

Dymy an£m*jfbm, not exceeding the dimerriioftfc dt ftverriecn inches by twenty-two inches, fixpente:V

every bundle of paper made in Great ^britmoe; caltedjfiu Crown Single, not exceeding the dimenfoms ol ftftetfrincftti by twenty inches, threepence: i ^5

For every ream of whited brown paper mad»4h tain called Royal Hand Thick, not exceeding jthe twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and pence :: V

, every bundle of whited brown paper made taint called Royal Handy not exceeding the dimrnfiditft>df twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and a qtrtlrte^ fiwf* pence: , V

For every bundle of whited brown paper made hi Great Britain, called Lumber Hand, not exceeding the dimenfiofls"# twenty-three inches by eighteen inches, fourpence r /*every bundle of whited brown paper made insn tain, called Double Two Pound, not exceeding the drmeiilibq* tf twenty-four inches by sixteen inches, threepence "1 '*

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in' Qtaat r tain called Single Two Pounds not exceeding theditaerifita^ of sixteen inches by eleven inches, one penny :

For every bundle of whited brown paper made

tain, called Middle Hand Double, not exceeding the di&ehfidti of 'thirty-three inches by twenty-one inches, sixpence: r

Small baud, double, 4d, per bundle;

Small hand,d. per bundle;

ouples uind and if pound, d. per bun

For every bundle of whited orown paper made in 'Qreal bn tain, called. Middle Hand, nob exceeding the dioaerdbehx^twenty-two inches by sixteen inches, threepence:

For every bundle of wilted brown paper made inchat Britain, c^wed Small Hand Double, not exceeding the dhnettfioik of thirty-two inches by twenty indies, four pencei^5r, ir51*

For every bundle of whited brown paper made^in tain, called Small Hand, not exceeding the dimen teen inches and .three quarters by sixteen inches^t'wo^'pehfcef^ For every bundle of whited brown paper made^mgrti&bh* tain, called Gouples Pound and Half Pound, not**teeding dimensions of twelve indies by tea inches, nd dfirihe ladhi by seven inches and an half, one penny i > C

wy i Amo vicesimo quarto Gtoncn III C 18.

for^vcry ream of brownpaper made in Great Britain, called tmferudcap. not exceeding the dimensions of twdnty nihfe in the* by twenty wo inches, fourpence

For, every ream of brown paper made iri Great Britain, called Haven Cap. not exceeding the dimenfioris of twerity four inches by twenty inches, three pepee:

for every ream of brown paper ittade in Great Britain, call6 Bag Cap. hot exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three In.: be and an half by nineteen inches twopence:

For every vreaqi of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Kfinttfp cis not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-one iuchei t>y eighteen inches, twopence:

For evejjry ream of brown paper made iri Great Britain, trailed four Pounds, not exceeding the dimenfioris of twenty inches by fixtech ihqhes, twopence:

For every ream or brown paper triade in Great Britain, called Small Cap. not exceeding the dimenfioris of twerity inches by fifteen inches, one penny :

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Qaajble Pour Pounds, not exceeding the dimerifions of thirty hree inches by twenty inches, fourpence r, For every .bundle of brown paper made in Greot Britain, Ufd Single Two Pounds, not exceeding the dimensions of six seen inches by eleven inches, twopence t For every jbundle of brown.paper riiade in Great Britain, : ?Head Couples Pound and Half Pound, hot exceeding the dimen lons of twelve inches by ten inches, arid of bine iriches by 1b pen inches and an half, one penny:

For every hundred weight of pafteboarcl, millboard, scale ioard, and glaied paper, inde in Great Britain for clothiers tnd hot preiters, drte drilling ind sixpence; and after those ates for iny greater or less quantity of such pipers; paste toards, millboards and fcaleboards, respectively:

4*9

Imperial cap. 4- d. per ream;

Havon cap.

I d, per ream;

Bag cap. ad per ream)

Kentifheap, id. per ream;

Pour pounds, id. perream.

Smalt cap. t d. per r^tni

Double fortr pounds, id, per ream;

Single Two

pounds, td.

per bundle;

Couples pound ana half pound, t i d. per bundle;

Pasteboard..

See. it. dd. per hundred weight

Which fiid several rates and duties iipov> the said fevei'al forti ^, c5tdu?

f paper, and other the commodities last mentioned, to be makers nade in Great Britain, shah be truly paid by the makers there f respectively, according to the dilnenfiohs, denominatioris, aid value, in the several tables annexed, and hfcrein befdre federally described and expressed, :^

And whereas by the said act, made in the twenty first f his present ^aiajtjlyireign, (entitled, An act for repealing the G °*' c'** )resent duties Upon paper, pafteboards, millboards, arid cale >oards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other duties p licuthereof, ] several rates and duties art imposedupoh the fever dl r Tree of paper made in Great Britain, according to the dimensions, dominations, and values, epepreffed in the said oft, and the several tufas aperito annexed; and it is also euafted and declared. That the va tittfofjfah paper made in Great Britain, as is to pay duty ad valo em fhbuld, m dll cases, be token to be so much as such paper Jheuti e'worth, to be sold so sounds Ihe same is perjeft!y made, from time to N

Vo a. XXXIV*Kk iil

The doty to Included be ito the vahxes of the paper exprefmh therein

The powers for levying and recover

Anno vkcftmd quarta gfcorglt Hli ft; lft. f

time at London, without refptfl to the duly io.be xbatgtd tberjaipm: and whereas dotibts bdvf arijen, tubetherfucb values fbah ittaiest.u be so much ol/mb paper jbeuld be worth inimftve efthe duty papbit for tbejame*pr exdufive thereof: now, for removing such da&bcs, be it farther enacted and declared by the authorityoforesaid, That the values of such paper made in Great Britain expreflbd in the ft id a ft, and in the several tables thereto annexed, add also the values of such paper made in Great Britain as is topay duty ad valorem shall, in all cases be taken to beco ntucbaf such paper shall be worth, to be sold so soon as the same iapet fcftly made from time to time, inclusive of the duty in be charged thereupon by the said act, and by this act...: ry..

Ilf. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefakl, That the several and fespective duties by this act itnpofcdopoa ii^r the dotieg** paper? pfteboaid, millboard, and fealeboard, made Jn o?therecit«d Oreat Britain shall, from time to time, be raised, received, aft an Geo, 3. levied, recovered, and secured, by such ways and means, and c^endwito under such management, and under such penalties arulforfei tbiiaft* tures, and witlvludi power of adjudging and mitigaung^ penalties and forfeitures, and with such other powers, and fubioft to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, and in such methods, manner, and form, as the like duties granted by an act of the twenty first year of hi present majesfyvreign, intituled, An act for repeating the present duties upok pap*r+patfe* boards millboards* and]'cahboardsr made irt Great Britain, euedfsr granting other duties in lieu thereof are by that act to bt raised, received, levied, recovered, or feefuted; and that the hid aft, and all the clauses, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things, therein contained^for the ratting receiving, levythg, recovering fecum^pxyi&g, or accounting for the said duties thereby granttd^ arc and HUH he by force of this act continued, prtfdtifed, andr put! Ih execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, ; fcctiring, paying, and accounting for the duties upon papet pafeeboard, j millboard, and fealeboard, by thi$ aft granted, and making allowances oat of the.same, as fully and effcftually, !toal| intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at latgexe peated in this present act. i

Hew duties to IV And be k frmher enacted by the amhority adfotiefeid, be liable to the That the said several and respective rates and duties, itcmrubc additional im fore granted on paper, pasteboard, millboard, and fealeboard, poftsof five per maje jn Qrect Britain (nail be fobjeft and liable to tbdaddi arnountthere* t, ()nal duties or imposts of five pounds par./wsnmr^; five.efouneb of, imposed per centum, and five pounds per centum fcverattyinrpofcd by by the acts 19 the acts respectively made in the nineteenth, twetity firif^ and Geo. 3. CI5. twerity feebrid years of the reign of hi prelaw upon

the produce and amount thereof; and that such; additional duties or imposts of five pounds per centum five pounds pnen turn and five pounds per centum shall bo ratted, levied, collected, and paid in the same manner, and under the same rules regulations, powers, and authorities, ways, and means, penalties

- ajd

11 Geo.], c.17. and 21 Geo. 3* C 66*

Arm «5t£rtft«rqaarto Georg illll. e. 18. 471

amd foirfelwn^ xt. the vfatd additional duties or itnpoftsrc by of the nineteenth xwenty first and twenty fecoud ^3^eartfkef his^rfcfent majesty's reign directed to be collected apd .paid, ^V

, -* V And whereat ifrahd by thefetid dfi.it is provided That no Recital of part thingyrt t be [did all ceftteined^ftall extend to hindir any hjafor of paper o th Geo, 3; from fading fab paper from the mill whtrt made to any other willy C*. to be fixed or fimjhed fit for life provided leave for that purpose be for^bcyia^" fast obtained in writing from the tommissioners of exeife for the time 1, .

- being and that notice thereof fhau have bee given to the officer of*txeije twenty-four hoars at the lea ft in order that such officer map attend and take an account thereof: ami whereas the obtaining such

- in writing from the (ommeffimers tf exeife is tlnnecessary* and 7

twenty-four hours notice to the officer of exeife is insufficient; M

For remedy thereof be it crta&ed by the authority aforesaid,

That nothing in the said a tf contained shall extend to hinder Fdrty etat: maker of paper from sending such paper froirt the mill hours tjotiee 'where made to any other mill to be fiaed or fini(hed fit for proper life, provided notice thereof Shall have been given to the officer officer, Sic x>f eaccjfe forty^eight hoars at the lead in order that such offi. r cei may attend and tike an account thereof; and provided such i paper be removed with a proper certificate from an officer of exeife, . expressing the quality and quantity; and when such paper shall have beat so removed to the mill or place where tbd lame iato be fixed or made fit for use the same shall be under. the>like dirct&ions as to marking ahd (lamping* and all other miners imd things as if such paper had been firii(hcd and sized at the mill where made; and such paptr maker shall, for^thfcbreacb of any bf th directiorls aforesaid, be subject to thd^like penalties he would have been fubjc«ft to if the said paper

^fiad not been renaovech - as Vh filtui h is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Additional % said: thgt.there shall be raised levied, collected and jiaid, to duties upofi, !; and .for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and ed^ftet^auir" -- iipon the several sorts of paper hereinafter enumerated, which jot i7s4>vid*i shall* from and after the said tenth day of Augjuft* one thousand liceti Tsewn: buridved[ and*eighty?four, be imported or brought into tins kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all customs

duties already Imposed thereon the several and^jkeipeaive duties uercia after mentioned; that is to fry

- Fdr everyreatto of paper called Atlas teri shilling 2 Atlas, ted,

onujsocevery ream of paper called Blue eight pence: per ream;

bjroriev^ry ream of paper called Brown and Brown Capt dr biue, sd rff^hsud browuy fourpence: :

jog fociyeryream of paper called Cartridge eight pence: ^ub T For every ream of paper called Demy one shilling and nine Canridge, 8d. rypittecs.iv^ r:.. Demy, i. 9d.

For every ream of paper called Elephant sour Shillings: Elepliant, 4«*

- - for every ream of paper called Imperial ted Shillings: Imperial, ios*

. jlk i' For

rd

Apnoi vicc^qip^quartp georgiiiil C i0. f1784i

Medium, i. Fof every ream of paper called. dt. sixpence: '''\'j riii Ht. d: II

for, it. For every ream of paper called po/lt onefhfllirtgi*; r: :;

Royal 4** For every ream of paper called Royctl, four Shillings 3 - - fa

Ordinary pator every ream of ordinary paper, (not includedunder^h^ per, dd. of jjie aforegoing heads, ) bxpence: -: r

Pasteboard Tor every hundred weight avoirdupoise, of paftebwd, frtul* u.6d 3pcr ° ba, and fealeboard; and for every hundred weight of gire; bundled fof clothiers and hotpreflers* open shilling

weight. pence | and in the like proportion sot any greater or Ids quantity i

Duties to be And the said duties (hnll also be subject arid liable to an additio additioua^five na post or duty f vc p°'ji^s per centum, and 6ve pounds percents im pr centum thereon, which were ifoposed by twp several acts of posed by 19 parliament made in the nineteenth and twenty second years of Geo 4 chis majc(ly!s reign, for granting to his Majesty additional tttu ^ut*es upon l^c pfoduce of the ftverat dories under co. 3. C nagernenc of the respective comraissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain. 1 J

VII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afpre! jm^rt^u?cl faiil, That the said duties herein before granted upon the1m{' the direction portation of such foreign paper, shah be urider the maaagel of the comment and dirc&ion of the commissioners of his majesty's cuff ipioionevs of toms in England and Scotland respectivety, and flail be pail tbeciiiloms, down jn ready money without any discount of deduction whan in ready fuever, and flail not be drawn back upon the exportation oft hi money. See. Arne goods; and the said duties shall be sailed, levied, cojfefl

ed, recovered, and paid, in the manner and form, and under such restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rum ways, and methods, as the former duties for such paper aje respectively raised, levied, colledlcd, recovered, and paid, (except where any alteration is made by this act, ) as falfy, twas C intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers dirtct

'^ons, penalties, and forfeitures, in any a or as of parliatheil

' T*relating thereto, er particularly repeated and again ennfjttd in the body of this present at.

VIII And whereas Jlandirig contrails may have been made before

Per fens serve frjd°y f Juty* one tkoufandfetoen hundred and eighty four, by

in public makers of or dealers in paper, for serving public offices, Jocteties, or offices, fic. other personty with paper, to be delivered, in point of time, after the

virmeof^n" tent^August, one, thousand fevers hundred and eighty traftspreced Jmrl lt ts hcrcby epaded. That the persons fefvihg such paper ingjulyi, after the said tenth day of august, one thousand ftven hundred

1784. nay and eighty-four, in pursuance of such former contracts, shall be attenew0' a^owcd to ac*d the duties hereby charged upon such paper to duties tonthe Price hereof, and flail be entitled by virtfce of this a price thereof, to be paid for the same accordingly.

IX And be it further enadecl by the authority aforesaid. That all the moneys arising by the said additional dudies by

this

i i

VI - .al^-..

b7$4*j: ; Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C it.: 47^

this act imposed upon paper, pasteboard, millboard, and scale Mtoierarftng

4 board, (the neeeoaty charger of raising and accounting for the by same excepted, J shall, from time to time, be j>ajd into the tottxia^; itetfrpnof hie majesty s exchequer iijmftwinfler^ fcpzntc andquer.. apart from other duties; and the fa id money fq, paid into the Application f^fleehipt^exchequer as aforcsaul, shall be a fund for the thereof, pffymettt the Several annuities, and all such other charges and. ex peaces as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an of this present feflkin.of parliament, iptituletf* An act for raising a certain jjtm of myuy by way of annuities, and for flmjb*ing a lottery.

j A $ L EJ S mentioned and referred to by this act

FIRST TABLE. Denomination.

Until i, 1. -

I /*V

HI..' hkiiti Kji

'fni&rial' - V — —;

fafya -'

1 Wediudf — -

Iietif'

1 thicjc^oft. —,

thiajolv — —

$©aij P — -

- £9?^ Cap — —

sm i: - ;

J WL. n»"»'I

Value per Ream, and upwjtfds. 1 Not exceeding 'the Dimensions of Additional Duty per Ream.

£* \ J. y. Inches - Inches V

'i1 11 0 ia by i 3 Q

i' 19 © i71: . 2 3

1: 9 0 9*4 1 9

r. 2 6 7s*1 1 6

0 .16 0 Mi 30 1 0

0 l3 0 Mi i 0 9

0; IQ 0 Mt »yi 0 i

0 \7 6 3 i J 0 6

0 0 0 i (6? 0 6

0 0 t2' ' Mi 0 4 i

V 4 V -7> £ iw 1 y, i: :

\ W..; o" " >

- ij: .) l'ji'*- -: r.?d r!

ott; ,

j'»

*.'1^

V 1 t

0;

1.7

Kfc$

SECOND

474^Anno vicesimo quarto Gsofettll fft.' 6tf9. {17^4^

si $ £> r aifck f vala* per fleam, I t5s^c3e3s!

t — — fi

Valfft'per Ream, ! anti |

Duty per Ream.

t: :

0 UI'' "io: D

a: R '

- O i r ?+: -

ot -

o

4* Ojc

i

5 05.

2 6

' a '1

:1* i

I 63j

ft 0

f 0

i <* 7

yo s

: rrfi

0 9

i nu

s I'C LOCI

A i i; 2.

i -, 1b LII

j i =: ji brm

I'flift'

: ; ri IL smd

'A '

1

L kiia

I)>' Rtfl

I <?*>IW

rfbn djfl

- o'v

1; 9III mdt

dqb

t r a

O s,

O

O j,

4

L r.

DENOMINATION.

upwards.

Not Wo '/; tic f*dlmenfions of

Wait i.kc or copper plats i Printing.

Double Atlas*— —

Demy - —

Copy, or Ballard —

Fools Cap —

Littris Fools Cap Pott — —

Grand Eagle, or Doable Elephant cbloc^bier. — —

Atlas., —

Ditto't? —

Sipalj atl^s — —

Imperial — —

Super Royal — —

lo/ig Royal — —

Royal — — m

Demy — —

Short Dnhy, or Crowns —

Urge Fan — —

sm^ll Fa r — —

— —

Paper for Bank or Bankers Bills r of*not^s, aflowing Two Bills qr Notes, in each Sheet, and foin. Proportion for an) greater or leflfer Number of lil(s or Notes in each Sheet,

THIKP tabte.

, . rurntitfo.

Double t)emy — —

Royal «

Royal inferior —

Medium. — —.

Demy Single ' - —*—

Demy iprcrior —

Double Crown — «

Double c>own inferior Single Crdwn —

Single Crown inferior Demy Tifliie —

Crown Tissue — —.

Put..

o

12

6

6

4 o

10

o

o

10

5 o 18

d.

O

o

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

per Ream.'

18

13

*4

o

10

n

12

Inchoc Inches

s 20

1 u L a

i7*

l*r

a 40

i 34s

ai 34

J 34

S 3*

a f

9i L

*7? 18

i4

>7 ta

H

V .

t5°, 3

ri <>* aa ti3

1

26

*9 i

20

r

18

t

by i

or

L i

r7s

20

20

15 ls 17i f5., 17

24f'

*3

22

r. 'J

*2 0 30

30 V 20 20 il zo

-. 2ss

1.784*3 Anno lajesimo quarto Georgii. III C is

FOURTH T A LI L F.

DENOMINATION.

475

Not exceeding Additional

the Duty per

Dimensions of Ream, .

Inches Inches /. J.

21 by 26 0 7

24s 25{ 0 8

*9* 240 6

23 28 - i 33 0 s

0 8

, 8f - »7* 225 zo 0 6;

0 0 y 5

24* 0 t

23 28 0

so Hi K th per Bundle.

0 8

7 22'0 6":

*5 20 0 lv3

24 y 19j per Ream.

0 I 1 4

per Bundle.

ft9* 0 4

*3 18 0

24. 16 16 1, ^oi 0?;

*3 21 1 0 6?

22, 5 © 1

3* 20 f 16 0 b JR 4' s

C 10 7

]«4. V; ti

t 9, 7i £

29 22 ' per Ream.

0 4. %

2+ 20 0

23x fjj 0 J

2« 48 0 1

b 16 0 4 1

20 !j o

330 0

, l6 U, per Bundle

0 I 1 r

C'* to.). r

1 di 0 1 1 >

t 3 7i I 1

/rrhundrec

Wright

*.*1 1 p

ole '

Ordinary and coloured. Cartridge — —

Cartridge Square "— »

Cartridge -

Elephant common — — —

Sugar Blue — - —

Sugar Blue, smaller Size —

Sugar Blue, Demy Size — —

Sugar Blue Crown Size —

Purple Royal — — —

Blue Elephant — — —

Blue Royal — -* —

Blue Demy and Blossom — — — -

Crown Single — —

t: .

'} 1

t FIFTH table.

Whited Browns and Browns.

Royal Hand Thick — —

ftoyjri Hand —, — — - —

Lumber Hand — — r — 1 —

Double Two Pound - — j —

Single to Pound a'. — — -

Middle Hand double t — —

Hand — r — — —

Hand double — 4 —

Small Hand

1

Qeuflet Jpound and Half Round. \ -*

, |, r

jlmperialjcap — —

Hayon Cab — — —,—

iccitelh^cap t \ :

— — .1

Sxnkll Cjtp — — i

C Double Pojur Pounds a^—

£ifljgje 'invo Pounds'—*tt

I; 1.; -, :

|?a&eboird, .Millboard, L and Scaleboard. and Glazed Paper for clothiers nd Hot; Pfeifers,

^un

vju

anvi4ctilne'qoeit6>to^irtdc>ir»9da[i68|ti

t ... J; wnmrt'avl»uv<^i^

CAP. xlx.. - Wc '.i V 5

An ao'to mmaeand continue vn o£umtdr4n

reign of his pntfmt Majesty, har eacooraging the riariofiaj&mv oft leather, by lowering the duty payable upoh the itripbrti^ tion of oak: back, when the price of Such barkflttf 4 certain rate, for a limited time i ami for eulondbg fnkfial, mhs ofparbamont relative to the monufaflare of le&fkr}hihbht'

fart of Great Britain tahtd Scotland. -*.wir

Preamble, TIP HEREAS the law hereinafter, mntiotudejsaik lpd(p|mp'

T V Hence beyn found ufefutand benefitipk audit mp*htd'i'r\>*tit' therefore pnacted by the king's tnoft excellentjuafofiy, fcfvob4 i with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and tcntyafaw and commons, in this, present parliament aflembltdi and by tbo t Geo. i. e. authority of the same, That an act made' in the twelfth.yoar. of C jo. renved, e rejgn of his pirefent ^fajesty, (entitled; An ewtmraf

ingle marwj'allureof leatherby lowering the duly payable, the.

importation of oak bark, when the prueof.such bark ball ereetientertain rate, for a limited time), which was to continue in i«oe for five years, and from thence to the end of the; tbeu nek: . session of parliament; which act was by another act nayde 4a thf seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, continued for the further term of five years, and from thfcocc. to, the end of the then, next session of parliament, (hast kie revived,

, ard the fajne is hereby revived, and shall cofhinne: ^pd^bcin

and continued force for the further term of five years, and frofnthence lo the sop five years. clYj of the then.next session of parlia.nknt. J.

Rwnalof U. And whereas by an all of parliament made, iulbenieotkytar of: 9«kuoe, C ». the reign of her late majesty Qu Anne, (tfiftetekaia^u^ipt laying certain duties upon hides andfleios, tanned, . Jawod^ fr tlrtfled, and upon vellum and parchment; for though .tortnuf thirty-two years, for prosecuting the war, and oth<pp..her, m jesty's mod nectary occasions; hath

act made in the third year of the reign of his late mafefiy ftftg cjeotge the f'irjl, been made perpetual to pis Maffiy, kit hfikl mid.

fiutijjors forever, tut subject redemption by, par foment 1. II isffc

toe first nmtiotttd. aft, among other .things, rffitfd, Thajt. in. the. t Jac. a. C s. fiejlyear of the reign of. King James the.first, of kapiymmofjs*gofid ami wholefopte same was mode\tmemng tathwtfc makers, currier, and other.artificers.m leather,

pr.ovimii.wasmo ft for the tent and well tanmng, <wfttfiigh .fisu tiorfing of leathery and for and (enter, uing the buying Mdiftiimgtof leather, red and unuv ought, inopen fairs and marietfi ondfir.jmd) other matters, and things; relaas in, the fou flotvtts, ode plainly and largelyexpressed, the dueemeution where hath bttn and is oj great importance to the public good ond/endet t/tha.

'realm, arid wits very much contribute to the. after tain itig ptniedubfau i of, the duties by this ait intended to, bp granted rtond hdltbaetby enabled, That all mayors, bailiffs, and other tffcmfm^the time being, in the several cities, . borought, and mar bet itwnipftba

'redhs.

]Ao$© tioibnp qaart>/qix»(c ft o&c.qff. -

ramhn, and tie nfptbivtlords of ube?tirsy-fairs, end markets, end

the matteri end wardensof ebr fiverai tempaniesin the send eft /**

prefif&t end. currimlfioemaiersidmi vtiefartifker^

gliend nspry other porfm endperfiki whatfiever, an or

ought fobatamjmed in tie exetuhtu of the said fiatnte, or pm cbo-

dten^tifrwnuy fboll (mderfisdrjams, penalties

ar qrp fistefin. >fivereib exprefed) dtdy.tneaobserve, 'to % th tit. same fioitfte* and ail tie dausex, matters, 'and things tbtirem

contained, in relation to the tannneg, irtjsing, matting, haying, felting, trying, fialing, rendering, or, aether matters, Othfr, r.. _

theetyfieh as hate pen Ottered by any loworflatute finer that tiptd

mode ani nans in fine: and whereas doubts bate been made whether the hefedenetted dua/e, andfo muds of the foetid all King James

hovbfi'as is therein mentioned; and rt tna£does extend to that fari^ofbhe united kingdom of greitbritain failed Scotland, - and by' mextntwboreof the duties upon leather in that part of the >-

kingdom are greatlydefined and impaired, by rtafin tf per sins tube use the art ermyfietytf teaming tf leather, at the sane time ex erdfixg tke eraft 6r nrtfltrj of Jkocmalers, or other cutters

ofdemcti Contrary to the true intent and meaning of the before mtn- tiinfd'attdih port rented alt of King James therefore,

for the patting an end to such doubts for the future, and for tho'beuer and more effeaully tearing the duties due and pay awejohis Majesty upon all hides ana fleirn tanned and drefied in that {mrtcif the said united kingdom, be it deplored and enaa* ed hf'thii tutherify aforesaid, That fomueh of the said aa of Such part of though' ftsft year ofthereign of King James the Fist as is recitedj*c and re enacted ia the before Mentioned a A of the ninth yer of ttifc reign df Queen Onto, does, and always did extend to all declared to andeicrypbrt of the said united kingdom; and that no person extend to or^erferts lilihg: Or 'exeftifing1 the myftevy of tfadc of tanning every p*rt of y birtfelfj or bytmy other person ovpersons what Great "luin» foewefr/thalty'dprfbg the tithe that he shall souse the said my ftesy r tiidc'ofa tanner, occupy, exercise, or use the craft nr ntyftdry trfotihoemaker, curritr, butcher, or of any other arti fitet utog of oxerosing the cutting or working of leather, upon pabrtofoffcir andlofc £11 and every such hide and hides.'jkitx antfcfkins^so by them, or any ofhheni, wrought dr tanned during rtwtime* that he (nail use of exercise the myflfery, trade, or

croiftdf unttfogj Of the just vahie thereof, and the further sum ofafty poorsds of lawful money of otearbritain', and that fb tpuoh the aforesaid aa of the first year of the reigo of King t^fmsfalle Phh as is recited and re ehaaed in the before men tiondd'»4k<rf the' ninth year of the reign of her' late majesty Qstutti dines (halt be construed arid taken to be, 'and is hereby dseforetmo^nalreand eictend to all and every art of the said uintaf kingdom of Great tlritafn, in as fult and ample manner forth, and efsea, to awinreritspnd purposes, (except such part thereof os hm b<*rv altered, by any Is or statute ftnee that, tone made arid note, in force), as if the said aaofthe ftrft year of*the rein of king'^fam; five Fkft, and every cliuse, matter,

gad

Moo «qum0^oma(gsofiotl lilo. fijrf

Wi <hifig'4h^ifr«&wainedf': vatta<twete llknin agd* p*ftw Itrly repeated: m.d.. re tnacted; and that^all provasa, Hbaillki L*and ah otheb chief officer of b*rgln, aiidbadlimof, rajujt«

and aether tread officers for thp time beings in ta fotwal doe burghs, andmarket towns, in that paitfofthe foad suited hing dot of Great Britain called &tt{a»d, ad tiltanhenjumijn shoemakers, and other artificers, andah ahdenery other pda and person whatfocopr* who are or ought .coe be ednccaud i she execution of the said datute, ot giee obedience thereno ihah, unddr such nmn*, peoakma, and ferfeitute»*: t»*tt dim in federally expre&d, duly execute, obtesve, and <oespb»it( the said statute; and alt the dauses, . nutters, and tbinfttmw contained, hi relation to thetanning, dreffing, making, baying, 'telling, trying, foaling, regtftering, nr other matters chucersioi leather, (other than loch m hare been altered byatw.jsr«ftatote since that thtte made and now in fonee), a rally ati effectually, and with the same powers and aotbordies, to all is rents and .purposes, as if the said provosts, baillies, and odar officers lad before mentioned, ond every of them, . hi to particularly nitned and do&ribodm the said act of the fuftyor of the reign of his majesty King James, the First, fitrein bowt recited.: itjot;

cap. XX

An all sir altering and amending an eb* thvttenurjm if

reign bf his profint 'Majests, inti fled, An a foreftontiig'warden arid allay matters, ; foe aflzylng wtboght plat; in dc towns of Sheffield and f far at relates th fed

'lawn of Sheffield.'a , "\ws.

WHEREAS an ah sf parliament wot, made iniboiivltad

"Kecitai of s year oftbt rejfit.ff Geo. 3. C s. for appointing, warden yiuj a day maters, for a^ayipg iwo*#t ..plaw in the .towns of and Birmingham, - tubfrth LI V

Jdytr ef wrought plait appesoted tr to >< thereof, within the said tmn of Sheffield, is autbormedugui

1 end to demand and tote ef, and from whojbmkkxs

tathe ajfhy qfieebelongingta company of guardiefs^mdepudi - by ibejaid ah for the said t«p».«/sheffield, armpiete tefindff wrought phtee to be afayedtried, and marled,

money, orreutaedf, ehtbe atfajer fall think &, , «#

Jim of one shilling for e pumfigdq fr

every greater or lefi quantity of plate offtytd, 0^

as the said.prices, fuau ofmaney* aforesaid, are, inadequate attending; fa WPH M

marking offmaii pities of plate, and infyfittentjfedejrojfeuim farytupenttitf the ajfity ogue tjiablifbed in.tb^judifmglm. held; .andit«\ntajfiry that gf wards, Jtould be autwtd to be taken, for affdjing, atufjparmtg jm

pieces of plate: may it therefore; pfoafe your Wajenythat#«1 U caacfodi and beitcaa&ed by jho kiogv

aona-vk^irtq^aato x5*ojtoq hlc, stp nnjesty, byandwitfctbeachricb andconsentof tbeiords fpirj qal' and temporal, and commons, in this'pwknt parliament t fie tabled, and by. thdautboptyof the/adw, That rt shall be Price allowed awful (bribe atioyer of wrbnght plate appointed or be ap«* ''V pointed by: virtue of the bud aft, within the said town of sad

Grh&, io alki demand, take, and receive, of and from all and sveryperfbn and persons. who shall from time to time bring jo wroogfat thets&y office within the said town joishejfitld, aftyitnau pieces pi''wrought plate to be afikyed, tried, and marked, according to She due&ions of xbe bid recited act, such prices, sums Of moneys or rewards, at the company of guardians of the said assay offipe shall think fit, and.(bail from.time to time, at afiy of ebeif meetings ascertain and order to be taken and received so as such prices, sums of money, or rewards, 'do not exceed,

the rate of sixpence for the affaymg, trying, and marking, any ime dozen of such Anall pieces of wrought plate such dozen not exceeding in weight six ounces tray; and that the pricey loon of money, or rewards, allowed to be taken by the said ecited, or this present act, ffiau be paid, and applied in and,

towards the support of the said assay office, and towards payment of any debt or debts already or hereafter to be incurred on account thereof, and of the expenses of obtaining and. pa (Hog this present act, in such manner as the said company of guardians shall order and direct i anything in the said recited act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding

il. fipd whereas it is by the said recited act mallei, That if any

working fiherjmitb, or dealerm wrought plate, or any worker or

deakrximauy other jnotal plattdor mured withfiber, or

lause to be ftrutk, any letter or letters, upon anyvtjfel or other, mado of metal, plated or towered withsilver, or upon any metal

jet, ofothtr thing, made to look like silver, such perfim or pcrjdets so offiti&ng Shall be fitbjcb to the penalty therein 'mentioned; and doubts

bathe' httftn whether a mamtfalhtrer of goods plated with silver tan or mayfirike his name upon juth goods, without marring the said finally, j and by rtafon offitch doubts tbtmanufafiurm of goods plated itrstbfihtfr hove been deterred from firfkihg their names upon floled goods, whereby C proper difiinltion befithxt plated goods ofi the iffibknfmdiiufafturers is prevented, and alt emulation in that braeteb tf bt/finefi it defircyti; to the certain and manifest prejudice of the faifcmanvpibtryfot obviating such doubts, be it further enodt edhy the abthority aforesaidi That it shall be lawful for any Manufafhir inhiaftfturer bf godds plated With silver within the said town ert of plated 6f Sbrfjktdi; or within one hundred miles thereof, toltrike, or god may tadfe to Hev (track, upon any metal vessel or thing, dated .or* cov&tef with fibre, his or her surname, or, in cafooif any part there t,tfurname or firm of such partneiship, and also same mark, on the ''shirk, fijjurf, or device, to be (truck at the end of such fur good, with hath', ', othei1 name of firm; Aich mark, figure, or device, "* hot hemgjtbe same, or in imitation Of any markytnade afe of [he jjy by any fiby office eftabftshed by law for affixing of wrought Geo. 3. pwe, ^without being Aibjeft to any penalty of forfeiture for so

doing!

<- a -; - on ?/yuv onra [.;

Anno vicesimo qasreoqztftoti'.iu. cz ati^t^ jjoihg; arty thing in thr^aft t

Sum to be, IU. ffcfoided hevertheless, That eery i legible eb*. name, or firm, as afflrefsid, fhalfl^ in pfem1 iftfll&mew a »"<* and 'ftrudc with one pun^fronly; arid er^nraftii as figure, of device, (haff, b'e^ire'the fatne II mideuwdf.bidi ppiwo^ (nitte<j| tcf^he examination of the fiid companyorgdirdtia^ rtgi. thp (&&'sbijfuld assay office/and be approved of> % ytfic»<

Some 6f their public meetings, and repftetfed hi a Woky tos cept for that pufpofe} for which registry thfl'fc'fhal! behatifl demanded ana taken, ' from" ariy manofaftar^ rfawd^ on whose account such registry ftiafl be made, thvfbltt'eft* Shillings and sixpence, and ho morel -

IV And be it further enabled rand-deetarw, f any manufacturer or manufacturers"of ptated'gbdfls'iiitmfi f nof** °'ftte? 6wt6wn of sbtmeld, or within ore hundred tfc* tftwd or begging*shall at any time hereafter ftfike any dime, intwki'ficatt^orcj

-- -- -- — -- vjce, upon his plated goods, which ihift'hbth'aee'tiwn pi

viouflyvegiftered at the said aftay office fcfr' thit9i^to**ni &b*ffitldy or which shall have been previou^ regifiwcd'iftl* (aia office by any other roartiifriifhjrifr of plateifglfdlfcj'^ person' so offending shall, 'for every ftrch offferrfc} forfeit pay, to the said waidens, the sum 'df'ohd httfdrtidftoilfcm be recovered Irt like manner is' 'any petiahy dr the said recited a, authorised or

to be applied as aiiy othev money iif heftinmstfor^<lfiri^<(!5 be applied.*''''» lew iuoi vhiso i i

V And be it further enafbed by That this t^dt'shall k deemed and taken (8 Wf p&nkt l#j and shall be judicially taken norhe hf^s1 fflehj^ilejw^ justices, and other persons whensoever, wrtlwbe fistoftbyfw*; fng the same. -

*'''*...OCW ivffi; V^1

C A f XXX

ant, ti titred at the office.

Mamxfaftur* en ufing i

to others, to be subject to a penalty.

Aibtiakafiv

An ahfor the prefeeyathn qtid encouragement of I, witkifi this re 9t V L

flinty ^britixh

witfifi this realms by sir eventing the exportation, IS

flinty j3ritish hare wodr and$ritifti eonty tv^ratii$$$$ cr untamed e[ritish coney Jkiniy and for trivehtin^**

TV ct' '.. 1 ... J... J J Y.. VII

Freamblt*

skins f(om bun Jlained or jyedj and hair into this kingdom, duty frit' '

WHEREAS British bottoddbfitlflv^

principal articles ufidifti hot tods

ore of th g+oiotb or ptodute dfunghrtdi ffa efew^f^other country in quality } by reajon Itfcereof dttdtf tu lenee to tvhirh the hat manufa&u^e barb been english bets have bad great preference abroad) andte^nokirft^ tbits of 'them have been herttojort eitpertei to fottgh wtfim

of late fetftral fcretin flatts have ^iwmryvrcr wtumywye iinii endy fnfead of taking from this tfogfo*! fbfmtfaf bovei been ttfei to do tb<y not only detain their own comm'

ubj

'8 4-] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii lit C 21.

kereidfire ''bafflb'liit

0itqhfiwip'oifr joiij British hanskins, : and Britkh i British hare Wool, and british coney wool, which, by the preftnl v>s.e&t&kftalmxt'htyareatjibtrtj to da, on paying a trifling duty t the yixperta fieri thereof, whereby the bat manufqpure of this Hag

ntf^n'wbiobthe jftipportof many Bfxuftijubjefts

iodl^jp materially, injured, and the

Vd aidjufpgrtefd: and whereas gi, or Turkey goats

alfocm, atftieiemuch uftd ift the hat thamifaflur'i, great jthavr beret ofore been imported into this Which always

tid n duty of sixpence per pound, dr on importation,

directs opr rivals in the hat manufaburi ptrdrit the same to be im»tea into their respebive countries duty free, by rtofoh whereof, only

try [mail Quantities of it have lately beds imported into this kingdom: r repaedy and prevention of those several evils, arid td the irish that the hat manufatflureof thisyingdom may bepfefertfed nd encouraged, by prohibiting the exportation of uwbritifb ate skins, and.bnfi# hare wool, and British coney wool, and II undressed or nntawed British coney skins, and. by permitting Oats hair, or Turkey goats wool, to be imported into this coun y djuty fn}e) (hay it please your most excellent Majesty that it lay bcertaqed} add be it enacted by the king's most excellent Mjesty, by and with the advice ana content of the lords. fpiru ual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament ffemblpd, and by the authority of the same) That no perfoij r. pyrfons whatnever) from and after the twentieth' day df fugufii.in^the year of our Lorjd one thogfand feveri Hundred ind eighty-four, hall directly or indirectly export, transport) bi^piuircarry or corvv^, orcause pr procure, to be exported, rtsfpqtied, shipped off) Carried or conveyed) eat of or from he kihgddm of great.britain, into any foreign realm, (laths, or iotniniens, or into: any parts or places whatsoever beyond the eas, arfy British hare skins, or parts or pieces of any such skins; )t British hare wodl, or British coney wool, or any undressed or intawed British coney skins, or parts or pieees of any such skins whariqeyer; or (hell directly or indirectly load, or.cauie to be Cadet' upon, any horse, Cart, or other cattle Pr carriage, 'dr jay oh board, or cause to be loaden or laid on boardj of brfhany flup, teifel, or boat, ih any place or ports within or belonging. to this realm, any British hare skins, or parts or pieces thereof, or any British hare wool, or British cortey wpol) sr any undressed ot untawed British coney skins, dr any parts or pitc£s'af any fifth Ados, to the intent'or purpose to'export transport, ship off, parry of convey the same, or cause the/apift to be exported) ttansported, shipped off, carried or conveyed aot of .she kingdom of Great Britain, or out of any port or pktee beiodgifig thereto, 'or with intent or purpose that any person orpwfons whatsoever (hold (o export, . transport, ship off, catty or convey the same out of the (kid kingdom, or into ahyfereigpparts or places whatsoever.

II And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That H w >* ........

4«

C i

i

>1

From aug.to, 1784? no per lost shall export any British hare ficirit, bare wool, qc coney wol, 'or undrelted coney skins.

or load any horse or cart, 5rc. therewith, in order to export the same.

f

Anno v&fimoquirtogfidiwii lit.

Penalty ort and, every the offender and offenders, offence and offences atom

the aforesaid (kali bo fobj cot andliabfeto the refjx^v^patos'apife

, najtiea and. forfeitures heteia afrer nqmrioned; (rhatt»x»> 6yj| the said British Yivft. skins, of ny part or pieces of flarsvi Aiits, and briti/thare wool, and British coney wob^arts an tireffed or untawed British coney skins, or any parts, ocpies Of any such skins so exported, transported, fhjpped<»ffi yr cff.. ried, conveyed, or loadea, contrary to the true intdit ol

(leaning of this act, shall be forfeited, and the same, shall a4 may be feixed and prosecuted by any officer and oftksrt of hi hl^jesty's customs, and the owner or proprietor, (hipp&, or. exporter, oif faaqfi goods, shall, for each and every offence, 'forftii five hundred pounds { pad every matter and niafiner of &cft ship, veflej, or boat, on which (itch goods, shall be ladetvaid every person whatsoever, knowing such offence, and wiljinglf aiding and affifting therein, shall, for each and every ofieaa,

V forfeit and pay forty poands.

III Andi tnafmmh d Aprtvijuw mad sir

tutim if that ajenftid Brit i(h bare bias and firitifo t*ne$ flam ft that bat Mtmfafiory may be and in a gttatuufmi m

dfred intffeilual, by that flaming or dying offiuhjkim; for prevention whereof, be it further, enabled by the authority aforehid, That no perfoa or persons whatsoever, from and after the hid twentieth day of Angufi % one thousend(even hundred and.ciglur four, shall dtrodtly or indireftiy (lain or dye, or eanse, procure, suffer, or permit, to be stained o dyed, l^eikiju,

pr parts or pieces .of any such skins, . apy or part, or .pieces of any such skins whatsoever, rwithwtbi^iaf* dom of Great Britain, on forfeiture thereof, together .with le and every the machines or other utenftls iie

aforesaid skins, or parts or pieces of skins, fl\a3l j$npl or dyed, together with all the apparatus to then a belonging, to be seized and profecutedas hereia bifbr#' dirtd ed | and that every of the offender and offenders tlfertin, 1hd all and every person and persons.whomfdevcr jyding, ai&a^t sag therein, shall forfeit and pay, for every oesueb, thefex. of twenty pounds. - - -

IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authorityifort said. That the several penalties and forfeitures herein before in aided, shall be one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc

covered jmd** ce^or> ad soother moiety to suchoffwfceoroffem«f.tl>f applied. customs who shall sue a raj prosecute for the ftmfcy.ind(w and may be recovered in the same madder, rules and regulations, as other penalties, recovered

by any at or ate of parliament for pteventiagnfoud! in his majesty's revenue of the customs: : ;

V And be it further enacted by the authority a&tfai!, limitation of That if any action, bill, plaint, salt, or information, (halite vdtions. commenced or prosecuted against any perfoa for what he liti

do in pursuance of this act, such. action, bill, plaint, soil, or information, shall bs brought and prosecuted in the county wbn»

till

From Ang. so, 17s4, no person shall italn or dye any Bntim hare skins or coney skins, on forfeiture. thereof, with the machines, C and alto mol.

Penalties and forfeitures

ajiw 23.

*ecadeofiadtion dofh arise artd not mnoy'other county of; ; V

lace j.and the porfen so filed (hau and rauy file common haili [ 'f, T

renter into a cotomonappearaoce, and plead the general issue Generitflffiifc

at goakyi a ndy upon iffite jotted may live ims ift And llirt

pecibl matter incwtttetwer An A if the plamtiff of prolecutof

hall jbecogw nonfiait, or fuflfer dilcofttinuance* or if«fehtns

hall.palkaga'mft him, or if upon demurrer judgement: pa£i

igainst him ythe defendant shall recover treble cost, and have Treble coftt.

he likai remedy for the sane»the defendant qt defendanci

batik orime in other cases by lawt '

sir tit htiur mturagmhhtof tit bat tnattufifforydf

tbnjtingdm, Jo tie intent that, goats hair, or Turkey »4

too? hereafter it imported into this county duty free, be it further

enacted'by the authority aforesaid, That all and cvefy .duty add After Aug, duties, of what nature os kind foeror, payable to hia Majesijr, t k0*1* his heart or successors, by any act pr as of parliament, for or "od W upon any goats hair, or Turkey goats wool, imported into the duty free kingdom of Greet Britain, from and after the. laid twentieth day of august*one thoufaodseven hundred and eighty-four shall scale and determine, and be no longer paid or payable

7 cap. xxn. '

(U aft I for soamirtg firafcton Setter to dlfpoftof bit mnfettm, as now

, . o: -«.. .eahibtwd at foiceftar Heuse, by »* atchart*.

Sfe Mf. Cox's mufeura, and the Adelphi, in 177!. Sir' Alhtoti Lever 'fmpowered to dispose of his museum by lottery. Without being liable to atty 'pemity. 8bn* to be raised ndfc t exceed 37, 2001. end number of [ fidwt»v)6)0ce, To adwiife fixjh sale by Dec.5, 1784, am) before he. felloe. any tickets, with an account of the piece composing the rou stum, in the London Gazette, To consist of one prize, to be determined by the lottery of 17s?, if it confiftt Of jfi.ooct tickets or opwardt. If no iotkeily'i(i, r7fs'that mall consist of 3^000 tkkets, then by a'prirate lot ttrfi afrnr tebu »,ikl before March j, 17w, under the inspection iof the honourable Caines Barrington, Bamber Oafcoigne junior esquire,

Tbbmas Stanley esquire, John Blackburn esquire, andiiiomas btitter worttrbayley inquire, or any three of them, and the first number to be the ftvtx* Upon filth sdrertiftmem, the property to rest in (be trofteet.

Sir Afltton Lever to take the profit till the sale. Power to vetaft new. psflcer. Publkkaa., _

- p C a p.' xxiir, ''*;

aaa&fcc further continuing for a limited time, na made In the

; , !)t!wi*y'^47cfr f be reign of his pfefeut Majesty, intituled, fut ad., for ©reventing certain instruments from being required from ltnps be iohgfnjrto the United States of America j and to gnre to his Majesty, ftic a limited time, certain powers for the better cahtying on trade ind > cenpmrccbetween the fabjeatof his Majesty'f dcmtnioqsi tidihe inhabitants of the said United States, w Further continue April 5,

, ; ': '

; J '1*< —'. -*'>''** - '

/ /**; - -: "* i

CAP.

Anno victfiaio qiurtb Georgii ill; C a 4. [»?8* CAP. XXIV

i/flt, ir printing to bi Majesty certain rates and duties ufa bricks and tiles made in Great Qritaia; and for laying addilim duties on bricks and tiles imported into the same.

Mod gracious Sovereign, .

\kf ywr Majesty s mod ddfifiil arid loyal subjects, the T V commons, of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising, by the most easy means, the necessary suppl*i to defray your majesty's public expenses, have freely and V luntarily relbived to give and grant unto your Majesty the fe e

rates and duties and sums of money herein after mentioned;

and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be eni& ed \ and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty's,

by and with the advice and consent of the Idrds spiritttll and

temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affimbw. i^rocii Sept. t, ahd by the diithbrity of the same. That, from and after the fim $7*4, tbefol day or September, one thodfand (Sven hundred and eighty soar, ihalhx^ed t^ierc b rai levied, collected, and paid, throughout upon ill bricks re kingdom of Great Britain unto and for the use of his mi and tiles jesty, his heirs and successors, upon all bricks and tiles made roadein Great in Great Britain,payable and tosbe paid by the thaker oftm* thebc nufa<?urcr thereof, the rates and duties herein after mentioned; maker there hat IS to say, of; videlicet.

For all bricks, For and upon all bricks, by whatsoever name or names Aej as. 6 d. per now are, or hereafter may be called or known, a duty of two 4, 0OO»* Shillings and sixpence for every thousand, and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity:

plain riles, - For and upon all tiles, commonly called of kndwn by the 3*. per 1000; name of Plain Tiles, a duty of three Shillings for every thouttod, and so irt proportion for any greater or less quantify:

Pan er ridge For arid upon all tiles, commonly called or kno#o by the tiles, is. per name of Pan or Ridge Tiles, a duty of eight ftiilfirigt sot twrj 1, 000* thousand, and foin proportion for any greater of less (jtririjw:

Paving riles. For and upon ail tiles, commonly called or known by tw fmail, is. 6d, name of Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten inches square, adwy per xoo; of one shilling and sixpence for every hundred, and foin pr portion for any greater or less quantity:

Pitto, large. For and upon all tiles, commonly called or krtofrri M 3s. per toi nante Of Paving Tiles, exceeding ten inches square a duff of three Shillings for every hundred, and foin prbpfeftkjfr'fist greater or less quantity: and all other Fo# ahd upefn all tilers, Other thait fdch Xs ate herdn bdott tiles, 3s. per enumerated and described, by whatsoever name or namdf mch, o u\nt now are or hereafter may be called or known,

three Shillings for every thousand, and so ill proportion foffff greater or Ids quantity,

n.anf

th

II And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all All brick

ftfffeaivtoly, and fhati not have been to the duties >urnt and finished injtlt6 kihi ot clamp Oii or before the said irft dav of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty burr mall, an<j are hereby declared to be subject 'arid liable to ^, fevera| ai^refoective duties by.thfoa# granted X T?

for the bitter aftertaimug, chargings solle fling, raififtg,

}e^i^t}na muring, the said rates or duties iy this vft imposed, andr br/etymw so therein, be imurther enacted by the authodty* a^rela^ xfhat the rates or .duties by^his ai made. payable Duties to be and tiles, made or manufactured in England, Wales, finder the o^tigpn of Bfrurick upon Tweed, shall be und^r the receipt and .ai?asement rn^qggcfppem of the commissioners and officers of his mafofty's ^i^nenof? "n of excite in England for the time being; and the rates excise by this a made payable upon bricksand tiles in Scot

ifouj>e under the receipt and managemant of the com iqders of excise in Scotland for the time befog, if And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, y^trom and after the said first day of September, one thou Brick or tilg 4eyeq hundred and eighty-four, all and every person and makers to; n^whatsoever, who (had make or manufacture any^bricks

\witbfo the kingdom of Great Bytyn, chargeable 'With bf^krir names laid duties by this act imposed, shall, before^hp, (he, or and places gf.

___^ shall begin to make or manufacture any such bricks or abode, C

tilers, gfoc or leave nqtice in writing at the offipe*of excifp next |*r<?re -

tck|^en]ape or places where such bricks or tiles are intended to*m m*be^in^pe, of their respective names and places of abode, and of.;

the iheds, workhouses, or other place or places where such bricks, ortije^are intended to be made or prepared for making; -

and often as such makers or manufacturers of bricks or tike.

(Kan change their places of making, manufacturing, and preparing bribes or tiles as aforesaid, he, (he, or they, shall give ortyyve^e ljke notice of their respective names and places of abode, and the (beds, workhouses, or other place or places**

he, (he, or they, shall respeciively intend to make, ma' % '. -

prepare any such bricks or tiles as aforesaid, be V f<£te. .they do presume to make, manufacture, or prepare, any.

such briclcs or tiles, as aforesaid, in any such new or other: pfofc or places, : upon pain to forfeit the sum of one hundred on forfeiture p9^rva$j. for every neglect or default in not giving such notice f fl.. ', - :

V And be it further enacted by the authority afohqjfaid^bricks and th all, brfoks or tiles diargf able with the said duties by yhis tilc^aajje, . w!»vuejl fltafl be, from tiqae to time, taken an account ^rch*j$e?^gei, with tkc said duties by the proper officer of excise, tovifks proles shall be in operation of dryfogtofidryl^ and; emng In the field, (head, of other plapvjoy.pjpcgs wbcf*;b$before remor fitme shall be made or prepared, - atterbeiag turned out of the ed tole LXXXIV LI*'moulds, ^-

Penalty on obstructing officers.

Ten in every hundred to be allowed for waste, See.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III c.24. [17x4

moulds, and before removed to the kiln or clamp for burning; and if any maker or manufacturer of bricks or tiles, or his, her, or their workmen, or other person or persons, shall mould, hinder, or obstruct, such officer of excise, in taking an account of the number, kind, and qualities, of Rich bricks or tiles, in that or any other (tage of the operation of preparing, making, or fini filing such bricks or tiles, he, (he, or they shall, forever; such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every officer and officers of excise shall, and they are hereby required, in charging the duties upon bricks and tiles as aforesaid, to allow to the respective makers or manufacturers thereof, in their returns or reports of the several quantities of bricks or tiles, made by such respective makers or manufacturers thereof, ten bricks or tiles in every hundred of such bricks or tiles respectirely, which such officer or officers shall charge upon the respective makers or manufacturers thereof, when charged in the field, (head, or other place, before burnt; which said allowance is hereby declared to be a full compensation for all wade, Losses, or damages whatsoever.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Makers who That if any person or persons who shall make any bricks or dies shall remove chargeable with the said duties by this acfc imposed, shall re

t^the kiln move carry or send away or case ot suffer to be removed, before the carried, or sent away any bricks or tiles, to the kiln, clamp,

officer has or other place for burning, from or out of the field, (head, or

charged the other place where they shall be first put or placed to dry or f urfc, t, th aumirc*cn* ater bein turn out f the mould, and before the same, and also prop officer of excise shall have taken an account thereof, and 50 l1 charged the duties thereupon, he, she, or they, shall forfeit the

sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and that all and every the bricks and tiles so carried away, and being found in the possession of any brickmaker, tilemaker, or other trader or dealer therein, or any person or persons for the use of such brickmaker or tilemaker, or trader or dealer therein, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, or the value thereof, and (hill and may be recovered, to wit, one moiety for the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to the feizer or informer.

VIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That no j)crfon or peffons who are or.shall be makers of bricks or tiles shall be

to!take an ac ^ubje<^ to penalty or forfeiture above Imposed for removing count thereof bricks or tiles, if the proper officer of excise shall fail to tike in account thereof, on due notice given him for that purpose three days before such removal.

IX And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every person or peftons making any bnefa or tiles as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, keep Rich and so

veyed, See. by of the said bricks and these as shall not have be&fftrveyri e proper ot apf{j account of by the proper officers id that bemt

separate. and apart' from all other bricks rand tiles which M have been fur veyed and taken an account of by such, officort,

pain

except where the officer

Bricks and tiles not fur yed, Sec. i proper ficer, to be kept separate from othere.

1784*] Anno vicesimo quarto georgii III C 24. 4^7

ain to forfeit, for every neglect or default therein, the stun of ifty pounds.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any of the said makers or manufacturers of bricks or penalty on ties shall fraudulently hide or 'conceal, or cause to be hid or concealing: oncea!ed, any bricks or tiles in any part of the operation of any bricks or preparing, making, or finifhtng the same, with intent to de rraud his Majesty of his just duties thereon by this act granted, deru> dehen, and in every such case, the party so offending shall for fraud his ma eit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence; and all uch bricks or tiles as shall be found so fraudulently hid or con: ealed shall be forfeited, and shall and may be (eized by any officer or officers of excise.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all and every the officers of excise shall, at all times, be officers may permitted to enter into the fields, (beds, and other places where enter the iny bricks or tiles shall be preparing or making, and take an fields, (heds, account of the kinds and qualities thereof, and shall thereof ^iworvilct make a report or return to the respective commissioners of ex are m<1icing, rise, or such persons as they respectively shall appoint to receive and take an the same, leaving a true copy (if demanded) in writing of such account reports or charges, under his hand, with or for the said maker t^crco^ or manufacturer of bricks or tiles; and such report or returh shall be a charge upon every such maker or manufacturer of bricks or tiles respectively; and if the said officer shall refuse or neglect to give or leave a true copy of his report or charge at the time of taking such account, being demanded as aforesaid, every such officer, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of forty Shillings to every such maker or manufacturer.

XII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of September, one Makers, every thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every maker six weeks, to and makers of bricks or tiles, whereon a duty is chargeable by fer, the this act, shall, once in every six weeks, make a true entry in pjj0p^trh0^e» writing at the next office of excise, of all such bricks and tiles bricks and

as hive been by him, her, or them, fevei'ally made within every tiles made by such six weeks respectively; which entries shall contain the just themi and true kinds and quantities thereof, distinguishing the different sorts under the reversal and respective denominations aford said; and if such brickmaker or tilemaker be not the true owner rf such goods, or any of them, then and in every such case he, she, or they, in every such entry, shall specify the names and ^lacdl of abode of the persons who are the owners'thereof* or for whose account they respectively do make the same, on pain: o forfeit, for every riegleft of such entry, the sum of fifty sounds; which entry shall be made upon the oath of the maker r makers thereof respectively, or of his, her, or their chief torkman employed, so the best of their knowledge or belief, jftlefs he, (he, or they, be a known Quaker, and in such case He solemn affirmation of a known Quaker to the same effect hall be taken instead of futh oath $ and the oaths and'affirma

LI 2 tioos

Bat not obliged to go further than the next market town.

Duties to be paid every six weeks.

Persons ob structing officers

to forfeit 50i.

Bricks and tiles, implements, C LI able to the duties in ar rtar.

Bricks or tiles, for which she

Anno vicesimo quarto georgii III C 24; £1784.

tions to verify such entries shall and maybe administered by the proper collector or supervisor of the district or division wit in which such brickmaker or tilemaker doh inhabit, without any fee or charge whatsoever to be taken for the same. Provided always That no. person, for the making of such entries, oaths or affirmations as are lad mentioned shall be obliged to go or send further than the city or market town where his or her bricks or tiles are made or the next city or market tovi to the place of making the same.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the person or persons who shall make such bricks or tiles respectively, as aforesaid shall, from time to time, within six weeks after he, (he, or they, shall make, or ought to have made, such entry as aforesaid, pay and clear of all the said duties which shall be then due or remain unpaid for all such bricks or tiles as shall have been made by him her, or them respectively, as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting for every default therein double the sum of thd same duties whereof tta payment shall be so neglected; and that no such person or persons, after such default in payment made, shall deliver or an away or cause to be delivered or carried away, any such bricks or tiles, until hebe, or they, have or hath paid and cleared off his, her, or their duties, on pain to forfeit double the value of the goods so delivered or carried away.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority ^fbre&id, That if any maker or manufacturer or bricks or tiles, of his, her, or their servants or workmen, or any other person dr persons whatsoever, shall molest, obflrust, or hinder, any of the said officers in the execution of the powers or authorities given, by this adk, the offenders therein, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XV And be it enacted by the authority aforefafd, Thata! bricks and tiles, and the materials for making the same, and

'all tools, implements, and utensils used in or for making the same, in the custody of any such makers of bricks or tiles respectively as aforesaid, or of any person or persons to the use of or in trull for them, or any of them, shall be liable to, and are hereby made chargeable with, all the debts and duties io, arrear nd owing by such makers of bricks and tiles respeitiveiy, for any bricks or tiles made by him, her, or them or in his, her, or their fields, (beds, or places as aforesaid, and (frall.be aib subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by fdch person or persons so making such bricks or tiles as aforesaid, fof any offence against this act relating to the duties on such bricks or tiles; and it shall and may be lawful in all such cases to.levy debts and penalties, and use such proceedings as be done by this act, in relation to fuclr goods and ifriijgs, so case the debtor or offender were the true and lawful qvtntr of the same.

XVI Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful 'to adfor

i

y84.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 24.

489

ny person or persons who shall have actually paid his majesty's ties have beea

luties by this act payable for any quantity of bricks or tiles J ^**

vhatsoever, and to and for any other person or persons who porc

hall buy, or be lawfully entitled to, any such quantity of bricks

r tiles from the said person or persons who atftually paid his

tflajesty's duties for the same, to export such bricks or tiles to

ny parts beyond the seas, by way of merchandise, giving fuf

icient security, before the shipping thereof for exportation, that

he particular quantity of bricks or tiles which shall be intended

0 be exported as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall be Ship

>ed and exported, and that the same, or any part thereof, shall

; Oath rclanded or brought again into any part or parts of Great

Britain \ which security the customer or collector of the respec

ive port for such exportation is hereby directed and authorised

o take in his majesty's name, and to his use.

XVII Provided always. That if after the shipping ny such Penalty on re iricks or tiles to be exported as aforesaid, and the giving or ten landing lering such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the allow jj^edtor nee or drawback herein after mentioned, the bricks or tiles f exportation, hipped to be exported, or any of them, shall be relanded in

ny part of Great Britain; that then, and in every such case, .

ver and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied nd recovered to his majesty's use, all the bricks and tiles which ball be landed, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XVIII And it is hereby also enabled. That any person or Persons ex lerfons who shall export any bricks or tiles to any parts beyond porting bricks he seas, shall or may make proof upon oath, (or upon affirm makin^a^h tion, being Quakers), that the duty on such bricks or tiles Jat the du lath been pdid or secured according to this a CL (which oath or ties have been ftirmation the collector who received the said duty is hereby Paid, C shall equired and empowered to administer); and thereupon the said:

: for the said duty upon bricks and tiles shall give to the collectorj uch person or persons, gratis, a certificate or certificates, excelling the kinds and quantities of such bricks or tiles, and the luties paid cr secured to be paid for the same, pursuant to this i; which certificate beipg produced to the customer or col which (hill be eftor of the port where the said bricks or tiles shall be exported, delivered to tnd oath or affirmation as aforesaid being also made by the ex >orter before the said customer or collector of the port (who is exportation icreby also authorised and required to administer the same with )ut see or charge), that the bricks or tiles so exported are the ame mentioned in the said certificate; then the said customer who shall r collector of the port where such bricks or tiles shall be ex thereupon >orted, shall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, express^ ing the true quantity of the bricks or tiles so exported; which debenture, fcbenture being produced to the collector appointed to receive which will in, said duties on bricks and tiles in such county or place where title him to a he said bricks or tiles were exported, he shall forthwith pay the drawback, aid duty which shall have been received upon this a to the "

Krfons so exporting the same, or their agents; and if such col cor (fiall not have money in his hands to pay the same, tl; en

L J 3 .'he

o Anno vicesimo quarto G30RGU HI. C 24 £1784*

the said respective commissioners of excite are hereby required to pay the said debenture out of the duties upon brick and tales anting by this actor if the duty on such bricks or tile: (o exported were only secured, and shall remain unpaid, then the same shall be discharged upon the securities for the time. -.

XIX And whereas Jlanding contracts may have been made htfert the first day oj June, one thousand [even hundred and eighty fear

Per font serve by makers or manufacturers bricks or tiles, for serving other per ing bncka or, jon with bricks or tiles to be delivered in point of time after the Sept., tcf 784, first^September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in pursuance it is hereby enacted, That the persons serving such bricks or tiles after the said first day of September, one thousand levea hundred and eighty-four, in pursuance of such former contradb, shall be allowed to add the duties hereby charged upon such bricks or tiles to the rice thereof, and shall be intituled, by virtue of this act, to be paid for the Tame accordingly.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforefnd, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties for

established by sutures, clauses, matters and things, which in and. by an act* mace in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Secood, raising and intituled, An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries recovering the and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance \ and duties therefore settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force, relating t6 his majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided and established for managing, raiting, levying, collediing, mitigating cr recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the duties thereby gamed, or any of them, (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provitions are made or prescribed by this act), shall be practised, used, and putin execution, in and for the managing, raiting, levying, collediing, mitigating, rccovgriqgg and paying the said duties hereby granted upon bricks and |tk& as fully and effectually as if all and every the said power, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters; and things, were particularly repeated in (his present act.

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all tines, penalties, and forfeitures, irv relation to the said duties by this act imposed upon bricks and tiles made Of joianu fadlured in Great Britain, as aforesaid, shall be filed, (dft.toted, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and fft^feods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture, is or may be rtgowf^dnorpu tigated by any law or laws of excise, or by adti&i plaint, or information, in any. of.his majestyvcogrte at Westminster, or in the court of session, court of justiciary, or Court of exchequer in scotlandi refpcdtively, as atwtaid V sod that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and fqrteltuflc^not otherwise appointed by this act), shall be to his fvkycfiyj, hu heirs and fucceifors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same. its^thefol* XXII And it is hereby further enacted by the authofln

lowing addi aforesaid. That there shall be raised, levied, collected*and .jokv

o( contracts previous to June t, may add (he duties to the f rice thereof.

The powers

by granted, extended to this act.

Penalties and forfeitures ho to be recovered and applied.

X 7^4*] Anno vicegmb quarto georgii III C 24; 491

to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucoeflors, for tional duties and upon the several goods herein after mentioned, which shall, [°eb.e from and after the said first day of September, one thousand seven tiov^pbricks hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought into this and tiles kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all curtoms, fub videlicet, 'fidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, the several and respective duties following 5 that is to say,

- For and upon all bricks, by whatever name they now are, or Bricks, is. 6d, hereafter may be known, the sum of two Shillings and (ixpence per 1, 000 s for every thousand;

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Plain tiles, 31. name of Plain Tibs, (except gaily tiles) the sum of three hil Pcr>000 i kngs for every thousand: :

and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Pan tiles, 8 a. name of Pan or Ridge Tiles, the sum of eight Shillings for every per 1, 000; thousand;

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Paving tile, name of Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten inches square, the sum 1*of one shilling and (ixpence for every hundred, containing five pcr 100'(core: ,

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Ditto, large, name of Paving Tiles, above ten inches (quare, the sum of three 3»* per i Shillings for every like hundred:

And for and upon all tiles, other than such as are herein be and all other fore enumerated and described, by Whatsoever name or names t, lc8» 3 Per such tiles now are, or hereafter may be called or known (except,000# gaily tiles), the sum of three Shillings for every thousand, and inf those proportions for any greater or lets quantity.

And the said duties shall be also subject and liable to an addi Duties to be tional import or duty of five pounds per centum, and five pounds i^ble to the per centum thereon, which were imposed by two several as of percents im parliament made in the nineteenth and twenty second years of by 19 his majesty's reign, for granting to his Majesty additional duties Geo. 3. C 15; Upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the re and 11 Gco 3* fpe&ve commissioners of customs and excise in Great Britain. C 66'

XXIII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said duties herein before granted upon the Importation importation of such foreign bricks and tiles, mall be under the duties to be management and direction of the commissioners of his majesty's gement cuaomsin England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid of the com dowto m ready money, without any discount or dedudtion what missioners of soever, and shall be drawn back upon the exportation of the customs j same goods; and the said duties and drawbacks shall be raised,

'levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, in the same manner and form, and under such reftridlions, penalties, and*forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are respectively raised, le and vied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where any alteration is made by this act), as fully, to all intents and manner in the

L 1 4 purposes, former duties.

493 Annq vicrfpno quano g&prgiflii. C z. [*784.

purposes, as if the severalclauses, powenydirefitons, penalties, and forfeitures, in any act or acts of parliament relating, there to, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the bodjruf this present adh

XXIV And be it further enabled by the authority aforefhid.

Duties to be That all moneys arising by and in respect of the rates and dories paid into the hereby granted and imposed, (the necedary charges of rafting exchequer. and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at te jur, separate and apart from all other branches of the pnmick Application revenue and the said money io paid into the said receipt'd#ex thereof. chequer as afore said, shall be a fund for the payment or the fever a] annuities, and all such other charges and expenses axe are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this pre, session of parliament, intituled, Jn at tries,

sum of money by way of annuities, and lottery.

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority afore said. Defendants That if any perfoo or perfous shall at any time or times be sued, may plead the moleded, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or general issue, executed in pursuance of this act, or_of«ny.clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person Otsjpersons shall and may plead the general issue, and give Jthe (pecial matter in evidence for his or. their defence t and if upon thetrial a verdtd fluff pase for the defendant or defendants, 'or if the plaintiffs or ptamriffc - shall become nonsuited, or disconttaue his, her, or .their aan and have or actions, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble treble costs. cods awarded to him on them againfe such plaintiff or pktioti&

CAP. XXV

An act for the better regulation and management of the affairs of the east-india Company, and of the British possessions in India, and for establishing a court of judicature for the more speedy and effectual trial of persons accused of offences committed in the East Indies.

FOR the better government and fecuritj of the fetrithrid P poffrilions of this kingdom in the Eojl Indies, he it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and withth?; advice and con fen; of the lords, spiritual and temporal, and comma, t' t.! u n this, present parliament assembled, and by the/apthqci^4f His Majesty the same. That it shall and may be lawful to apd for this king's empowered to majesty, his heirs and fucceitors, by any comipiffipn tp bfl.ujhed under the great seal of Great Britain, to nominate jad.apgotfit culors to be such persons, not exceeding six in number, as his Maje: al commissioners think fit, being of his majesty's most honourable; privy po«kti, for the affairs of whom one of his majesty's principal fegrctacipsuph date for of India t the June being, and the chancellor of theex^hequer. fertfie rhyme

being, shall be two, to be, and who shall accordingly missioners for the affairs of India. , .

V 11. And be it further enacted by, the authority jafiupfeid, ; .............' That

That any number, not less than three of the raid commission <rs9 (hau form a board for executing the Several powers which, by this or any other aa, shall be vested in the commissioners aforesaid.

III And be it further enacted, That the said secretary of state, and, in his absence, the said chancellor of the exchequer, and, in the absence of both of them, the senior of the said other comouffioners, according to his rank in seniority of appointment, hall preside at, and be president of the said board; and that the said commissioners shall have, and they are hereby invaded with, the superintendance and control) over all the British territorial possessions in the East Indies, and over the affairs of the united company of merchants trading thereto, in manner htrein after directed.

IV And be it further enacted, That in case the members present at the said board shall at any time be equally divided in opinion, in respea to any matter depending before them, then, feud ist every such case, the then president of the said board shall have two voices, or the casting vote.

V And be it furttar enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, from time to time, at his and their will and pleasure, to revoke and determine the commrflion aforesaid, and from time to time to caofeany new com mi (lion or commissions to be seated as aforesaid, for appointing any other perfect or persons, being of his Adsjestyh most honourable privy council, of whom, one of his mjyafty?s principal Secretaries of flare, and the chancellor of the exchequer, for the time being, shall always be two, to be commissioners and members of the said board, when and fe often as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall think fit, so that the number of commissioners therein to be named shall in po wife exceed the aforesaid number of six.

VI And be it further enacted, That the said board shall be tfully authorised and empowered, from time to time, to superintend,

dirca, and control, all aas, operations, and concerns, which in anywise relate to the civil or military government .or revenues of the British territorial poflefiiohs in the East Indies, in the manner herein aftef direacd.

VII* And be it further enacted, That the said secretary of ftrttffof the time being shall nominate and appoint such fecre 'tetffes, clerks, and other officers, as shall be necessary to attend Upbir the said board, who shall be subjea to difoiffion at the fpledfure of the said board; and that all proceedings whatsoever ^tobdihadbyor before the said board shall be entered in proper: books; and that the said secretaries, clerks, and other officers, (halt be paid such salaries as his Majesty shall, by warrant under hisfign manual, direa.

VIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the ittemmrs of the said board, before they shall proceed to aa in the execution of any of the powers or authorities to them^iven by this act, (fove only the power of administering the oath after 11 1 mentioned),

^

493

Three of whom (halt form aboard.

Who shall be president.

Powen of the

coroauffion

ers.

President to have the eating vote.

His Majesty may revoke the com mi f fion at pleasure, and appoint new commileon ers.

Government and revenues of the Britjfc terriforial possessions in India, fabfeft to the control of the board.

Secretaries, C to atten4 the board, bow to be appointed and paid.

Members of the board to be ffrora.

Anno vicesimo quarto georgu III C 25. [1784.

mentioned), shall several ly take and subscribe the following oath; (that is to say);

Theoaib. T A. B. do faithfully promise and swear Thati as a commisswmr X or member of the board for the affairs of India, / will gtve my best advice and ajmance for the good government of the British pajfef fions in the East Indies; and will execute the several powers and trujls reposed in me according to the best of my skill and judgement without favour or affcflion % prejudice or malice, to any person uaat soever.

Secretaries,

Ac. to be sworn.

Which said oath any two of the members of the said board gull, and are hereby empowered to administer; and the said oath shall be entered by the said secretary amongst the adfe of the board, and be duly subscribed and attested by the members thereof, at the time of their taking and administering the lame to each other respectively.

IX And be it further enacted, That the several secretaries, clerks, and other officers of the said board, shall aifo take and subserihe, before the said board, such oath of secrecy and office as the said board shall direst.

X Judy for avoiding any doubt which may aris r, whether the office or place of a commifjmer of the said board for the affairs of India, or of a secretary to the said board be within any of the provisions contained in an act of the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, m tituud* An act for the security other majesty's person and government, and of the succession of the .crown of Great Britain in the Protestant line; or whether the appointment of any futh cm mifftoner or secretary, being a member or members of the house of cm monsy Shall vacate his or their seat or seats in that house \ it further enacted and declared. That the said respective offices,

—. — - places, or appointments of a commissioner, or of the chief fc

the said board for the affairs of India to be made un ry^dilgualitil der the authority of this act, shall not be deemed or taken to ed from being be within the intent or purview of the said act of ihc forth year elected memos Queen Anne, whereby to disqualify any such oomoni/fioner or chief secretary from being elected, or sitting or voting as a member of the house of commons; nor shall the appointment of any such commissioner or chief secretary, if a member or members of the said house, vacate his or their seat or seats in the said house; anything contained in the said act of the&cth year of Qpeen Anne, or in any other act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XJ. Andy to the intent that the said board may be duly infmaud of all transafliens of the said company, in rtfpefl to the management their concerns in the East Indies, he it further enacted, That forni^edwith members of the said board shall, at all convenient times,

copies of, any have access to all papers and muniments of the said united corn papers be pany, and shall be furnithed with such extracts or copies thorc

inde as l^cy tom t*mc to dmc require; and that the court

pany.c01*of directors of the said united company shall, and they are hereby

6, Annae, C 7.

Neither the com million

bers of parliament

Members of the board to have access to, and to be

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 25. ^95

by required and directed, to deliver to the said board copies of Court of di au minutes, orders, resolutions, and other proceedings, of all fears to dc general and special courts of proprietors of the said company, board copies and of the said court of directors, so far as relate to the civil or of all minutes, military government or revenues of the British territorial poflef cof court Cons in the East India, within eight days after the holding of °* pr°prif such respective courts; and also copies of all dispatches which r^ortas re the said directors, or any committee of the said directors, shall ute to the receive from any of their servants in the East Indies, immediately government after the arrival thereof; and also copies of all letters, orders, r revenue and instructions whatsoever, relating to the civil or military go todafpoffi?^ vernment or revenues of the British territorial pofiefiions in the fion, C East Indies, proposed to be sent or dispatched, by the said court of directors, or any committee of the said directors, to any of the servants of the said company in the East Indies; and that and (init obey the said court of directors of the said united company shall, and all orders re they are hereby required to pay due obedience to, and shall be board ?e governed and bound by, such orders and directions as they shall jadve°there7o. from time to time receive from the said board, touching the civil or military government and revenues of the British territo rial possessions in the East Indies.

XII And be it further enacted, That, within fourteen days Copies of let after the receipt of such copies laa*mentioned, the said board ters, &o.tobe shall return the same to the said court of directors, with their rjfu?, e<lto approbation thereof, subscribed by three of the members of the said board, or their reasons at large for disapproving the same, together with instructions from the said board to the said court of directors in refjpect thereto 5 and that the said court of directors shall thereupon dispatch and send the letters, orders, and instructions, so approved or amended, to their servants in Indiat without further delay, unless, on any representation made by the said directors to the said board, the said board shall direct any alterations to be made in such letters, orders, or inductions; and no letters, orders, or inductions, until after such previous communication thereof to the said.. shall at any time be sent or dispatched by the said court of directors to the East Indies, on any account or pretence whatsoever.

XI1JL And, for the readier difpateb of the civil and military concerns af the said united company, be it further enacted, That when ciause reliever the court of directors of the said united company shall tive to sending neglect to transmit to the said board their intended dispatches dispatches to on anyftsbject, within fourteen days after requisition made, itin ia

shall and may be lawful to and for the said board to prepare and iend to the directors of the East India company (without waiting for the receipt of the copies of dispatches intended to be seat by jtta said court of directors as aforesaid) any orders or infhuctian* to any of the governments or presidencies aforesaid, concerning the civil or military government of the British territories and poflessiont in the East Indies and the said directors shall, and they are hereby required to transmit dispatches in the usual form (puriuant to the tenor of the said orders and infractions

496 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 25. [1784^

tions so transmitted to them) to the respective governments and presidencies in India, unless, on any representation made by the'said directors to the said board, touching' such orders or infractions, the said board shall direct any alteration to be made in the same 5 which directions the said court of directors shall in such case be bound to conform to.

Court of direct on»on receiving orders from the board not connected with the government and revenues of the territorial possessions may appeal to his Majesty in council.

Matters requiring secrecy may be lent by the board to the secret committee who shall transmit their orders to India agreeable thereto.

XIV And be it further enacted, That in case the said board shall send any orders or instructions to the said court of directors, to be by them transmitted to India which, in the opinion of the said court of directors, shall relate to points not connected with the civil or military government and revenues of the said territories and possessions in India then, and in any fuel case, it shall be lawful for the said court of directors to apply, by petition, to his Majesty in council, touching such orders and mftrudtions; and his Majesty in council shall decide whether the same be, or be not, connected with the civil or military government and revenues of the said territories, and pofteflions in India; which decision shall be final and conclusive.

XV Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if the Taid board shall be of opinion that the subject matter of arty, of their deliberations, concerning the levying of war or making of peace, or treating or negotiating with any of the native princes or dates in India, shall require secrecy, it shall and may be lawful for the said board to send secret orderi and k instrudhons to the secret committee of the said court of tfirec tflls for the time being, who shall thereupon, without difc1o£ ing the same, transmit their orders and dispatches in the usual form, according to the tenor of the said orders and instructions of the said board, to the respective governments and presidencies m'india; and that the said governments and prefidendes shall pay a faithful obedience to such orders and dispatches, and shall return their answers to the same, sealed (under cover) with their refpddlive seals, to the said secret committee who shall forthwith communicate such answers to the said board

Directors to appoint a fe ertt commit t€c*

who are to transmit to the governments in India du

fdicates of uch secret orders sent them from the board, C

XVI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That ft shall and may be lawful to and for the court of directors of the said united company for the time being, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to appoint a secret committee, to conlift of any number of the said directors for the time' being, not exceeding three; which secret committee shall, from time to time, upon the receipt of any such secret orderi* arid instructions concerning the levying of war or making of peace, or treating or negotiating with any of the native princes or states of India, from the said commissioners for the afftiht of Indiay as are herein before mentioned, transmit to the rdjfeq ^, tive governments and presidencies in India a dapkcate* of duplicates of such orders and instructions, together with orders' in writing, signed by them the merribers of the said secret cbm. mittce, to carry the same into execution; and 10 ah such orders and instructions, so transmitted, the several governments' avkf presidencies in India are hereby required to pay the same obedience

497

dience as if such orders and directions had been issued and transmitted by the court of directors of the said united company, .

XVII Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared The board by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained not to appoint shall extend to give unto the said board, the power of nominat a"v ^rvant* ing or appointing any of the servants of the said united com coni" pany; anything herein contained to the contrary nfttwith P ny (landing.

XVIII And be it further enacted, That as soon as the of The first va fice of any one of the counsellors of the presidency of Fort cancy of a william in Bengal (other than the commander in chief) shall be ^jwslia* come vacant, by fieath, removal, or resignation, the vacancy so jhau* not be happening shall not be supplied by the said court of directors, supplied by but the said supreme government shall from thenceforward tonne the court of fist of a governor-general and three supreme counsellors only; directors. and that the commander in chief of the company's forces in

India for the time being, shall have voice and precedence in council next after the said governor-general; anything in any former act of parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX And be it further enacted, That the government of clause relative

the several presidencies and settlements of Fort Saint George and tothegovern bombay shall, after the commencement of this a, consist of a went of Fort governor or president, and three counsellors only, of whom the av.

commander in chief in the said several settlements for the time,

being shall be one, having the like precedence in council as in the presidency of Fort Wuliam in Bengal, unless the commander in chief of the, company's force in Julia shall happen to be present in either of the said settlements; and in such case the said commander in chief shall be one of the said counsellors, in (lead of the commander in chief of such settlement; and that the said cortunander in chief of such settlement shall during such time have ortly a seat, but no voice in the said council.

XX And be it further enacted, the court of dir<£tors Court of dl of the said united company shall, within the space of one cajen* rectors to ap dar month next after the passing of this a, nominate and ap , or an/two^ point, from amongst the iervants of the said company in India, counsellors of of any other periods, a fit and proper person to be the gover Fort St. nor of the said pre/idency or settlement of Fort Saint George, George; and two other; sit and proper persons from amongst the said ferr

vants in lndi<?9 Who, together with the commander in chief at Fort Saint George for the time being, shall be the council of th famo.jpitgdency or settlement; and )that the said court of and a govern dire^ors fliajffalso, in like mannpr* and within the time afore or, cof salt, 7 hpplhat^ and appoint fit and, proper perftpns to be the governor and council of, the said f presidency or settlement of Bombay, under t he fa ore rest uqiops. as. are, ^reiurbefore provided, in respect^tovthe .governor or prefidenii of Fort

sajhigeorgi

1 gjm.g

it.'

49$ Anno vicesimo quarto gpoitgir III C 25. [1784-

Governor ge

XXI And be it further ettacted, That m case the members neral. C to present at any of the boards or councils of Fort William Sort have the cast Stint George, or Bombay, shall at any time be equally divided hi ing vote, opinion in respect to any matter depending before them, then j and in every such case the said governor-general, or the gover j nor or president, as the case may be, shall have two voices, or the carting vote.

His Majesty, xxif. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be by w.iting lawful to and for the King's majesty, his heirs and fuccefibrs^ under hisfign by any writmg or instrument under his or their sign manual, ^reaor^by6 countersigned by the said secretary of (late, or for the court of writing under directors of the said united company for the time being, by their ban is, writing under their hands, to remove or recall the present or may recall any any future governor-general of Fort William at Bengal, or any nerahotofher the members of the council of Fort William aforesaid, or any officer, from of the governors or presidents, and members of the councils, India. of the presidencies or settlements of Fort Saint George and for

bay, or of any other British settlements in India or any other person or persons holding any office, employment, or commission, civil or military j under the said united company in India for the time being; and to vacate and make void all nd every or any appointment or appointments of any person or persons to any of the offices or places aforesaid; that all and every the powers and authorities of the respective persons so removed or recalied, or whose appointment shall be so vacated, shall cease or determine at or from such respective time or times as in the said writing or writings shall be expressed and direfied: provided always, That a duplicate or copy of every such writing or instrument, under his majesty's sign manual, attested by the said secretary of state for the time being, shall, within eight days after the same shall be signed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, be transmitted or delivered, by the said secretary of state, unto the chairman or deputy chairman for the time being of the said united company, to the intent that the court of directors of the said company may be apprized thereof.

How vacancies XXIII And be it further enacted, That whenever any va

of offices in In cancy or vacancies of the office of governor-general or president, dia shall be or Of any member of the council, shall happen in any of the supplied. presidencies aforesaid, either by death, resignadon, or recall, at aforesaid, then and in such case the court of directors of tfee said united company shall proceed to nominate and appoint a fit person or persons to supply such vacancy or vacancies fawft amongst their covenanted servants in India, except to the office of governor-general, or the office of governor or prefidenrof Fort Saint George or Bombay or of any commander ihchies, to which several offices the find court of diredtor^ shall be at liberty, if they shaft think fit, to hottfirwte artd ippoint any

other person or persons respectrveiy.*' ......;

Commanders XXIV Provided always, and be* it fartherenadldd' That in chief not to the said commanders in chies, at each of the said prefiuehcres

— rdjpec

1784'] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 25.' 499

espectively, shall in no case succeed to the office of governor succeed o general or president of Fort tvtiliam, Fort Saint George, or of the office of 3ombay^on\zfs thereunto specially appointed by the court of direc g°vernor Sc ors of the said united company; but that in case of the vacancy fident at Fort frite said offices of governor-general or president respectively, William,when no person shall be specially appointed to succeed there unlefsfpeci into, the counsellor next in rank to liich commander iri chief ally appointed Itall succeed to such office, and hold the same, until same ^rg#f e urec* there person shall be appointed thereunto by the said court of directors.

XXV Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if directors when and so often as the court of directors shall not, within negledtofup he space of two calendar months, to be computed from the Pty

Jay whereon the notification of the vacancy shall have been re^reived by the said court of directors, proceed to supply the Tame, then^and in any such case; and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fuc reflors, to constitute and appoint, by writing under his or their royal sign manual, (under the same restrictions and regulations is are herein before provided, with respect to the nominations ind appointments made by the said court of directors, ) such person or persons as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (halt hink proper to succeed to and supply the respective office or place, offices or places, so vacant, or from which any person or persons hall be so recalled or removed, or whose appointment r appointments shall have beta vacated and made void as iforesaid; and that every person' or persons so constituted and ippointed, shall have and be inverted with the same powers, privileges, and authorities, as if he or they had been nominated m.d.. appointed by the said court of directors,and shall be fub c6k to recall only by the king's majesty, his heirs ortucceflors; iny thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, pire&ors may' That it shall and may be lawful to and for the court of directorspp°*ac en yf the said united company, if they shall so think fit, subjeck to jjj th^officcs* he like limitations and restrictions as are herein before enacted, of governor efpedting the persons qualified to be appointed members of the general or government of the respective settlements of the said united com president, fc. lany at Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, to ap qc0°g* or point, from time to time, fit and proper persons to succeed, in Bombay: -: of vacancy, to the several offices of governor-general or pre

ident of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or commander in Chief f the said company's forces at, any of the said settlements. member of any or the said councils; and such appointments espectively at their pleasure again to reyoke; but that no pery ron to appointed to succeed to any of the said offid&s, in cafq f vacancy, shall be entitled to any salary, advantkjj^&r allow ince whatsoever, by reason of stich appointment, .urttitfuch persons ffcfpedhvely shall take upon themselves the, offices to Which: hey shall so respectively have been appointed! '

XXVII And be it further enacted by thfc autnbrfry foresaid,

SPO

Temporary

counfello?* bp to be appointed at

Fart William Ire.

Resignation of the office of

governor-general) Sec. to be in writing.

Order, cof the court of directors, approved by the board, not to he revoked by a general court.

Part of aft it Geo. 3. C 65, repealed.

Anno vicesimo quarto Gtoaon HI. C 25';

hid. That when and so often as the number of

any of the said councils of f$rt fvtuiam, Fbrt Saint onftp or Bombay, shall, by death, or absence, by reafbtr df lex nefs or otherwise, for fourteen days be reduced to two, fatdud ing the governor-general or president of such council, the per (on Who shall stand senior in such provisional appointment is is herein before mentioned, or in case there shall be no foth p poimment, then the senior civil servant of the said catnpaay upon the (pot, shall be called to such council, and shall hare a voice therein in like manner as if he had been appointed thereunto by the court of directors of the said company, atiffrab hold such office in case the vacancy shall have happened ty death, until a successor thereunto shall be appointed by the court of directors; or if such vacancy shall have happened absence or sickness, until the return or recovery of such sick or absent member; and that all persons so exercising the office of a counsellor at any of the said presidencies shall be imitleff^for the time he shall so hold the same, to the like advantages; : is if he had been thereunto permanently appointed by the uud court of directors.

XXVIII And be it further enacted, That no refigriafibhtb

be made of the offices of the governor-general, or governor or president of any of the subordinate settlements, or commander m chies, or member of the respective councils of atiy of the said presidencies in India, shall be deemed or construed to be legal or valid, or shall be accepted as such, unless the same bf made by an instrument in writing under the hand of the officer or person resigning the same. X

XXIX And be it further enacted, That no order or refblu tion of any general court of the proprietors of the said united company shall be available to revoke or refeind, or in any respect to afsect, any act, order, resolution, matter, or proceeding of the said court of directors, by this act directed or autborifea to be made or done by the said court, after the same shall have been approved by the said board, in the manner herein before directed 5 any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX And be it further enacted. That so much and such parts of an act, made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, as directs the court of directors of the'fidd united company to deliver to the commissioners of the treafqjy, or to the high treasurer for the time being, or to one of Fit majetl/s principal secretaries of (late, copies of any letters or orders relating to the management of the revenues, or the jrivil and military affairs of the said company; and alfp ahfiich powers and jmthorities given to or veiled in the proprietors nd directors of, the said united company, or in any

fecial court: thereof respectively, in and by any act of parliament or charter, as are contrary or repi gnant to' this tq^ or anything herein, contained, shall be, and the same are ki^eby fepealed; anything contained in any act or charter' or jmy custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And

Anpo yrcefiqio quarto Geqrqii ih. C 25^; 5*5,

XXXI V And be it further enacted That the governor gene Governor ge' and council of. Fori William afcrfcfaid (lull have power and oeral and'thority to (uperintend, controui, and direct the several preli council or neks and governments now or hereafter to be erected or efta sort Wiliam, fliedl to act Indies by the said united company, in all

points as relate to any traofadions with the country pow controui all or to war or peace, or to the application of the revenues or the other go ces of such presidencies and settlements in time of war, or yernrnenttbe y such other points as shall, from time to time, be specially [oaf any °^rerred by the court of diredors of the said company to their, L 'iip perinteadance and controui.

XXXII Andy in order to prevent the embarraffnent and diffi directions re /> may arise from any quejih'ty whether the orders qr lativetbor russians of the governor-general and council of Fort William ^ers 1 'ate, to other points than those aforesaid, be it further enacted, wuii^itto hat notwithstanding any doubt which may be entertained by the other C said presidencies or settlements to whom such orders or in government udions shall be given, respecting the power of the governor neral and council to give such orders, yet the said prefiden zs or settlements shall be bound to obey such orders and di <aions of the said governor-general and council in all case hateveij except only where they shall have received positive ders at^d instructions from the said court of diredors, or pm the secret committee of the said court of diredors, repug tnt to the, orders and instructions of the said governor-general id council, and ilot known to the said governor-general and jujicil at the time of dispatching their orders and instruction?

aforesaid; and the said governor-general and council shall, the time of transmitcing all such order? and instructions, anfmit therewith the dates of, and the times of receiving, the ft dispatches, orders, and instructions which they have receiv i from the court of diredors, or from the secret committee of, le said court of diredors, on any of the points contained lerein: and the said presidencies and governments, in all cases heyre they have received any orders from the said court of di: dor, or from the secret committee of the said court of di(

?dors, as aforesaid, which they shall deem repugnant to the, rders of the said governor-general and council of Fort william nd which were not known to the said governor-general and ouncil at the tfme of dispatching their orders and instructions

shall forthwith transmit copies of the same, toge, ter, with an account of all refoiutions or orders made by them, t confeouence. thereof, to the governor-general and council of % $rtjvmamy who shall, after the receipt of the same, dispatch tea fujrther orders and instructions to the said presidencies apdt ittlejnents as they may judge necessary thereupon.

XXXIII And be it further enacted. That the governor ge _________

eral, jjndt council of Fort william aforesaid, and the several (peeing the fefidents and councillors of Fort Saint George and Bombay shall, confederation i their several and respective boards and councils, proceed, in buhnefs at Fie first place, to the consideration of such qyeftions apd.bufi boards tess as shall be proposed by the said governor-general or prefi ludia.

Vol. XXXIV M m dent

V

'dir*£tforis re

governor-general, See. of Port William

D Anno jkxsimo quarto gpofcojl IH. C {ry?*

dents respeaively; and when and so often as any nat&r or question shall be propounded at any of the fald boards ft cils, by any of the counfehors thereof, it shall be to the said governor-general and oresidents respectively, io noft pone or adjourn the difeuflion of the matter or queftum so propounded to a future day: provided always. That tut ftieft adjournment shall exceed forty-eight hours, nor shall the ynmet or question so proposed be adjourned more than twice, without the consent of the counsellor who originally propofttftfce lame.

XXXIV And whereas, te pursue febemts of conqueji and edftr fion of dominion in India, are measures repugnant to the % taffrytbt honour, and policy of this nation; be it therefore further dudu by the authority aforesaid. That it shall not be lawful" forth governor-general and council of Fort William aforesaid, without

not to declare the express command and authority of the said court of ttiftt war gainst tors, or of the secret committee of the said court of anurdin!left tors, an (CXCCP* wkerc hostilities havfe asuad/beea authoriied by commenced, or preparations actually made for the commence the directors. ment of hostilities, against the British nation in India, or ngtoft (Exception) some of the princes or states dependant thereon, or whotc^r ritories the said united company shall be at such time engaged by any subsisting treaty to defend or guaranty) either to idem war or commence hostilities, or enter into any treaty for war, against any of the country princes or dates in any treaty for guarantying the poflfeflions of any cc^nwyjp^y» ces or states; and that in such case it shall not be lawfut l^t^e said governor-general and council to declare war or ccnnritnehce hostilities, or enter into treaty for making war, ag^nff'aftt other prince or date than such as shall be actually" commjtfing hostilities, or making preparations as aforesaid, or to mated fcd& treaty for guarantying the possessions of ahy prince or stalk upon the consideration of such prince or state actually bigaging to assist the company against mch hostilities commeaced^ dr preparations made as aforesaid; and in all cases jj^*

tilities shall be commenced or treaty made, the fam 'g^otiir general and council shall, by the most expeditious tncansttev can devise, communicate the same unto the said court' af tors, together yvith a full state of the information ahrf^s^bs gence upon which they shall have commenced such or made such treaties, and their motives and rcafohif^; Ae Arne at large. '?

XXXV And be it further enaffod, That it (ftatffl lawful for the governors or presidents, and coimfelfott Saint George and Bombay, or of any other subordinate......

....... to make or issue any order for commen<s % ikj

lhatl issue any Hties, or levying war, or to negotiate or conclude "any L^or<*er wale Peace or other treaty w*lh any Indian prince or ftat6 eis" " in cepr, n ca^es so^den emergency or imminent dalrfger, wvtti cases of emer it shall appear dangerous to postpone such hoftlj^es or gency) unless unless in pursuance of express orders froiri the said gc

governor nera* and counc!1 of Fort William aforesaid, or from thfc

No governor

or president, cof any subordinate settlement

court

Anno quarto gfioftgir TIF. c.25. J toj

$\firi&m8y V from the secret committee of the said getieral, Sec. co^rt of directors j and every such rreaty shall, if possible, con of Fort will teln iclatye for fgbjefling. the same to the ratification of rejec liam» or f.hc tipi of the governor-general and council of Fort William afore ofdircc* ufo; ind the said presidents arid counsellors of the said prefix jdeacj^s and settlerfients of Fbrt Saint George and Bombay, or mhpr subordinate fettlemeot, are hereby required to yield due cu^djence tp all such orders, as they shall from time to time respectively receive from the said governor generaf and council of Jfyrf William aforesaid, concerning the pircraifcs.

^ax'xvl And be it further enabled. That all and fingblar Subordiitaf^ presidents and counsellors who shall wilfully refuse to presidents and obedience to such orders and instructions as they shall counsellors ttcpyc. fi-om the said .governor-general and council of Fort dilobeyingthe as aforesaid, mall be liable to be suspended from the governor ^ercife of their respective offices or powers, by order of the general, C said governor-general and gooncil of Fort William \ and all maybeftif every of them are hereby further required, constantly Pended. a^dt.dillgerit^y, to. traqfiriit to the said governor-general and They are to council of Fort William aforesaid, trufe and exact copies of all of Iiuat ^wfr^.r^folutiqns, and acts in council, of their respective go fnxoancil to yotitjieqts, orefi den cies, and councils, and also advice andin the said go jtejkgence^of all transactions and matters which shall come to wnorgenc* Jfveir knowledge, triatcrial to be communicated to the gover rale ii^generaj and council of Fort William aforesaid, or which the*ernor genecat ah^cpuncil shall from time to time require,

CVTT. Ani whereas very large sums of money an claimed to

y brltish>te fythe nabob Arcot, in the recovery isljxpedunt jhat.fi --

......, . A fitch affifiante be given them as

^. i becqnmfn t with the rights of the said united the fc

(ujaty. of toecreditors, and the honour and dignity of the said nabob j

tfe jt enatfwf, fthat the court of dlreftors of the said company'chart of <! 35 fjjpri as may be, take into consideration the'drigin and reftorstotake ice.pft the said demands, as far 'as the materials they are in into consider jpf shall enable them to do and that they shall give

toih.p^ers to their prefidericies and servants abroad for com British fub ^fe^pg the im edigation thereof, as the nature of the case shall jcas on though jmu^es_and for establishing, in concert with the said nabob, nabob of fl^&rfohd for the discharge of those debts 'which shall appear to Arcot due, according tp their respective claims of priority, as (nail be confident with the rights of the said united company, \

Ae ferity of the creditors, and the honour and dignity of the'

v^xxxviil And, for settling upon a permanent foundation tfi Ptijfht indeterminate rights and pretenfums of the nabob of Arcoc rajah of Tanjore, with respect to each other, be it further ^fc&cd by the authority aforesaid. That the court of diresors and alfi> the said united company shall take into their immediate con difpuccsbe ijj&ratfbn the said indeterminate rights and pretensions, and, Will and pursue such measures as'in their judgement and difere rajah of Xanr jtipp hall be bed calculated to ascertain and settle the same, ac jore.

Mm cording

504 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 25* [1784;

cording to the principles and they terms arid stipulations Contained in the treaty of one thousand seven hundred and two, between the said nabob and the said^rajah. ... -

XXXIX And whereas complaints have prevailed, that diverse rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and aether native landholders within the British territories in India, have teen unjufily depri&r ed of, or compelled to abandon and relinquish, their rejpe&ive la*as+ jurisdictions, rights, and privileges, or that the tributes, rents, and Jervices required to be by them paid or performed for their respective pojpjftons to the said united company, are become grievous and oppressive: and whereas the principals of justice, and the honour of this country require that such complaints should be forthwith inquired into and fully invejligated, and if founded in truth effectually redreffid t Complaints of be it therefore enacted, That the court of directors of the said dart'*&cc u>n" un*te<* company shall, and they are hereby accordingly requir be^aken into forthwith to take the said matters into their serious confi consideration deration, and to adopt, take, and pursue such methods for en by thedirec quiring into the causes, foundation, and truth of the said com for plaints, and for obtaining a full and perfect knowledge of the

same, and of all circumstances relating thereto, as the said epurt of directors shall think best adapted for that purpose; grievances re thereupon, according to the circumstances of the respective cases §reffed! " of the said rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and other native landholders, to give orders and instructions to the feye ral governments and presidencies in India, for effectually redressing, in such manner as shall be confident with justice and the laws and customs of the country, all injuries and wrongs which the said rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and other native landholders, may have sustained unjufily in the manner aforesaid, and for settling and establishing, upon principles of moderation and justice, according to the laws and constitution of India, the permanent rules by which their respective tributes, rents, and services, shall be in future rendered and paid to the said united company, by the said rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and other native landholders, XL And, to the end and intent that the British cfiablifbmtnu its India, as well civil as military, may be regulated and improved, for the greater security of the jlate, the advantage of the service, and the benefit of the said united company; be it enacted by the authority All the com af°rc&id, That the directors of the east-india company shall pany'iefta take into their immediate consideration the respective eaabufh blifliments, ments, civil and military, of their several presidencies and fct civil or mili tlements in India, and give such orders as the case will admit, tobeukenin or every practicable retrenchment and reduction in the same; to considers and shall also require, from the said settlements and prefidcpcies tionbythe respectively, such farther information as may be neceffaryto directors, who fumifh them with a knowledge of the (late of such eftahijfb practicablements> together with full, minute, accurate, and particular trenchrnentt*lists and accounts to be dated, of all the offices and employ and reducti ments on the civil establishment of the said united company in ons therein. India, and of all the forces within the several British settlements.

i7$4*] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 25. 505

m 'the pay or service of the faift united company in India, distinguishing the different bodies, nations, or people which com j>6fe the same, and the salaries and emoluments appertaining to am and every of the said offices and employments, and the pay affd emoluments of the commiflior?ed and noncommissioned officers and private men in the army there, as well in peace as in war, together with the opinions of the respective governments arid prefidenctes, what method or system can be adopted, for the better regulation as well of the said offices and employments as of the said foroes, for retrenching unnecessary expen y ces, and for introducing a just and laudable economy in every branch of the said civil and military departments: and the court of directors of the said united company shall, as soon as may be after the receipt of the said lists and accounts, take the same into their confederation, and thereupon, by their order, declare what offices, places, and employments, as well civil as military, will in their judgement be adequate to the support of the honour and dignity of this kingdom in the East Indies, and the safety, defence, and security of the British possessions there; and make and transmit to the said presidencies and settlements complete and perfetft lists of the said offices, places, and employments; and specify and direct the rate and quantum of the respective pay, salaries, and emoluments to be hereafter allowed in respea thereof by the said united company, as well in peace as in war: and the said court of directors shall, and they are A list of all hereby required, within fourteen days after the commencement offices, C

6f every session of parliament, to bring before the two houses of parliament a perfect list of all offices, places, and employ Ef'iffimenrs in ments, in the civil and military establiftiments of the said unit India, to be ed company in the east"indies, with the salaries or pay, and laid before the empluments belonging thereto, or allowed or paid by the said iw0'housel f company in respect thereof. pariamen.

XLI And be it further enabled. That until the said several Reftriaion* lists of the offices, places, and employments shall have been on the direc made and established as aforesaid, the said court of directors tort relative to shall be, and they are hereby prohibited from appointing or fe" vanfs to" sending to India any new servant, civil or military, under the India. dcgrecsof the respective counsellors and commanders in chies; and after such lists shall have been perfected and established, the said court of directors shall in no wise appoint or send out any greater number of persons to be cadets or writers, or in any other capacity, than will be actually necessary, in addition to the persons on the spot, to supply and keep up the proper compliment or number of officers and servants contained in the said lists, according to such returns of vacancies as the proper officers of the said company shall, from time to time, transmit from India to the said court of directors.

XLII And be it further enatfed, That, from and after the Regulations commencement of this act, all promotions and advancements relative to of the officers and servants of the said united company in India,

AS well civil as military, in their respective lines or prpsessions, jn india.

Mm?^under

o Anno viodima qtutto geo&gu

under the degreerof the respectiye

ersin chies, shall be^made according: to fcdiorilyof ajpp^nfe merit, in a regular progressive focceffioq, unless any gfth^ (ag governments and prcfidencies shall, on any very urgeru.^g^ fion, by a vote in council, see cause to'deviate froqj said "rule hcrebydirefted to be observed; and on every occasion the said government or presidency shall cause aful^i perfect entry to, be made upon their minutes of con^tgtu ipecifying all the circumstances of the case, and their rc^tog* and inducements at large for making such deviation, (gnd transmit the same to the said court of directprs, by this fir&op* portunity that shall occur, for their order and direction, and that all nominations and appointments to be madp, repgg^ nant or contrary to the directions of this act, whether the faajf shall be made by the court of directors of the said united coq^r pany, or by any of the said governments or presidencies, (fare and except in cases of urgency as aforesaid)) be null and void. J

At what age XLIII And be it further enacted, That from and afitcr tj|ie o^cts may be pafiing of this act, no person shall be capable of a&igg, of tent to India, j^g appointed or sent out by the said court of dht^clpfa toj e*fl Indies in the capacity of a writer or cadet, wbofc a&e* be under fifteen years, or shall exceed the age^twopty^tw years; and that no person shall be capableof; being appointed or sent out in either of such capacities^hfe shall have procured and left with the secretary of: rhe ^)dl^f^|i*company, or of the said court of directors, a L '

age, under the hand of the minister of the parish in wgr1' was baptised, or keeper of tbt registry of jhe faipt^anj whdn no such registry shall cxi$ or^anbe found; ar of that fast shall be made bytheparty, with hj* infori and belief that his age is not Jess. than fifteen year a not exceed twenty-two years; and such affidavit i(ha)i<f^4. if the said court of directors shall so think be gef^pi^j^ left with the said secretary in the stead of fuph certificate^<grp vided that nothing herein contained shall extend to prefer the said court of directors from appointing any perfpg^ jpnt&dff* dets, who shall have actually been one wty>u year C

amenable to justice for all as done in India.

and whole age shall not exceed, twenty.fiye jearp^ y:

XLIV And be it farther enacteds That allvh)s r^*s

subjects, as well servants of the said united cpnip^uy ^s.jg^jngfs, shall be, and are hereby.declared to bea menace ip atj^ggts of justice (both in India and Gmt Briuun\ of cdfnj>$et\^?* diction to try offences committed in India for a: aftd, wrongs, opprefltoa9, trefaasses, mudemwiors; primes, fences whatsoever, by them or any of them, tope or done or committed, in any of the Ijtnds or territqrjfs p/anr native prince or state, or a£ain$ thfir person gr prope^ief^or

i ^.'D 'Anno vtcegmo quarto, g*o*gu HI. cu. 507

he peifons or properties of any of their fabjefts or people in*he same manner a if the same had been done or committed, within the territories directly subject to and tender the Bf itijb jbrethment in India.

XLV And be it further coaled. That the demanding or Receiving of eeeiyirig of any sum of money or other valuable thing, as a patents to be; ift of present, or under colour thereof, whether it be for the and

1 (e of the party receiving the same, or for, or pretended to be p^nialed u hr, the use of the said company, or of any other person, whom iucb. beaver, by any British subject holding or exercising any office r employment under his Majesty, or the said united company n th o£afi India, shall he deemed and taken to be extortion, ind shall be proceeded again A and punished as such, under and y virtue of this act; and tyre offender shall also forfeit to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, the whole gift or pre ent so received, or the full value (hereof.

XLVI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Court may: he court or jurisdiction before whom every such offence (bau order presents oc tried, shall have full power and authority to dire the said t be retum resent or gift, or the value thereof, to be refforad to the party e*C who gave the same, 'or to order the whole, or any part thereof, yrof any fine which the court shall seton the offender, to he paid or given to the prosecutor or informer, as such court in its skferetion shall think fit.

xlvn. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Part of aft j tforesaid act of the thirteenth year of the King majesty's reign, Ge j C 6j. as (itbjefts any .person receiving or accepting gifts or presents to repeakd. any penalty or forfeiture for so doing, or as directs that such gifts, presents, penalties, or forfeitures, shall belong to the said ntmpany, shall be repealed, from and after the first day of ja ruary, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five: provided that no prosecutions or other suits, already commenced, or to be commenced before the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty«five, upon the said act, shall be affected by such repeal.

XLVIII Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing Councillors, herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to pro physicians, (libit or prevent any person exercising the ptofession of counsel j^totedvrom lor at law, physician, or surgeon, or any chaplain, from ac taking toes: taking, or receiving rats, - gratuities, or rewards, (bona fdrj, in the way of his profession only.

XLI X And be it further enacted. That the wilful disobey Disobeying ing, or the wilfully omitting to execute the orders or instructions the <>rdm of of the court of directors of the said united company, by any of, he "lreaors, the bfficers or forvants of the said united company in the India, (unlefe in cases of necessity, the burden of the proof of which necessity shall be of the party so disobeying or omitting to execute such orders and inftniftions as aforesaid), and every wilful breach of the trail and duty of any office or employment under the said united company, by any of the officers or serve uu of die feid united company in the East India, shall be

M ra 4 deemed

or making any corrupt'bargain to obtain, C any office under the company in India, to be punished as a mi (demeanour.

Company's servants dif sniffcd by any competent court, not to be restored, Uc.

Company's revenue officers (being British born subjects) to be (Worn.

The oath.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IH. C i. deemed and taken to be a misdemeanour it law and shall k proceeded against and punished as such by virtue of this aegtzr' L And be k further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the making or entering into, or being a party to any corrupt bargain or contra, for the giving up, or for obminhig, or in any other manner touching or concerning the trust anduiuty of any office or employment under the said unitedcompatoyin the Eoft Indies, by any british subjects whomsoever there re (ident, shall be deemed and taken to be a mkdemeanor at law, and shall be proceeded against and prosecuted as such by virtue of this adh

LI And be it further enabled, That after sentence or judgement of any court having competent jurisdifhon, whether in Great Britain or in India, against any of the said united company's servants, civil or military, for any debt or penalty doe or belonging to the said ynited company, or for any extortion or other mifdemeartor, it shall not be lawful for the said united company, upon any pretence whatsoever, to rdeafe or compound such sentence or judgement, or to reftoreany servant or servants of the said company, who shall have been remofved or dismissed from his or their office or employment, fdroron account of misbehaviour, by the sentence of any of the said courts.

LII And, for the remedying of the abuses which have prevailed in the collection and receipt of the revenues of the said uni tod company, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person (being a British born subject) who is or shall be appointed or authorised to collect, manage, control, or receive the rents, duties, or revenues of and belonging, and due and payable to the said united company, shall, before Ire enters upon the collection and receipt thereof, take and subscribe the following oath; which oath the chief justice, or onfe of the ptufat judges or the supreme court of judicature zt* Bengal, or the mayor or other magistrate in any of the other preiidencks or settlements, shall, and is hereby authorised and commanded to adminifier; and such oath, so administered, shall be recorded in the supreme court at Calcutta, or in one of the said provincial or mayor's courts; (that is to say);

I A. B. do prrniji and swear, That I will, to the utmeft efm endeayours, well and faithfully execute and discharge the duties if an officer of revenue, repo fid in and committed to me by the united company of merchants ofbngland trading to the East Indie*; and that I will not demand, take, or accept, ' dire ft ly or indtreftly, by itiy self, or by any other person for my use or on my behalf, of or from any rajah, zemindar, talookdar, polygar, renter*ryot, or other per Jon, paying or liable to pay any tribute, rent, or tax, to or for the use of the said united company, any sum of money, or other twluaue thing, ly way oj gift, present, or other wise, over and above or dr jides and except, the actual tribute, rent, or tax, authorised ta be taken by and for the use of the foetid united company; and tbett I will

justly

X y84 l Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 25. 5<)gt

hmftlyaebd truly account and answer for the same to the said united company -

help me GOD.

LILL And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Governor ge lawful for the governor-general bf Fort William aforesaid for the neralof Fort time being, to i(tue his warrant under his hand and seal, direct jj|£p ed to such peace officers and other persons as he shall think fit, rant for fecur fbrfecuring and detaining in custody any person or persons fuf inganvperson po % ed of carrying on, mediately or immediately, any illicit cor fulpe&ed of refjpondence, dangerous to the peace or safety of the settlement, j^i^corref or of the Britxjb possessions in India % with any of the princes, poijdence, C rajahs, zemindars, or other person or persons whomsoever having authority in India, or with the commanders, governors, or presidents of any fa&ories established in the East Indies by any European power, contrary to the rules ahd orders of the said company, or of the governor-general and council of Fort William aforesaid; if, upon examination, taken upon oath, and maycoau in writing, of any person or persons (other than the person so mithim. secured and detained) before the governor-general and council of Fort William aforesaid, there shall appear reasonable grounds for the charge, the said governor-general shall be, and is hereby authorised and empowered to commit such person or persons above deferrbed to safe custody, and shall within a reasonable time, not exceeding five days, cause to be delivered to him or them the charge or accusation on which he has or they have been committed; and the parry so confined shall be permitted to deliver in his defence in writing, together with a list of such witneflesas he shall desire to be examined in support of his de same, who shall be exairtined accordingly in his presence, and their examinations takerr down in writing; and if, not with If the party handing such defence, there shall appear to the said governor accused can general and council reasonable grounds for the former proceed jj?^*^ujpate ing, and for continuing the confinement, the party shall re fhau remain main in custody until he or they shall be brought to trial in jn custody till India, or sent to England for that purpose; and that all such trial, examinations and proceedings shall be transmirted to the said court of directors by the first dispatches; and in case such person or persons are to be sent to England, the said governor-general (hill, and he is hereby required to cause such person or persons to be sent by the first convenient opportunity unless such person or persons shall be disabled by illness from undertaking the voyage.

LV7. And be it further enacted, That the several preftden Prefidcnriet cits and governments of Fort Saint George and Bombay, shall of Fort Saint have the like powers, and subjedfc to the same regulations and reftridfions, to secure and detain persons fufpetfed of any such ff^ar illicit correspondence as aforesaid, within their respective prefi powers, dencies andfetrlements, as are hereby given to the said governor-general and council of Fort William.

LV Andy for the better preventingy or more easily punishing, the

misconduq

io

Anno vioofinao tjuatei glte&tfh'ilft; g?s$c [

company's fervantt, within two

exchequer, duplicates of an inventory of their real and personal estates at the time of their arrival i

nj

mifmdult of the servants if the/aid united etnppanfj hkjuyjt settlements or affairs of tie [aid company in India, fy i duf&dbyf their estates and property on their return to Great Britiinr; VI tt further enacted, That every person now feeing, br Wh6 hereafter be, in the fefvice of the said United company raw

mon{h. r<to fh*11* '"'thinih? fp*« tw calendar °*oa'^p^*»z2^ morning to mg to Great Britain, deliver m upon oath, before the ij^a gnja Great Britain, baron of his majesty's court of exchequer in enhanjy yt inf to deliver in two of the other barons of the said court for the tttrie b "ta. fp^ive^y (whichoath the said lord chief baron, aodot^gi rent of the rons, are hereby respectively authorised to adminiiter); '

cates of ao exalt particular or inventory of all and imgrilaikthe lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, moneys, securities for money, and other real and perforutf et? and property whatsoever, as well in Europe as in Ma, or rffe where, which such person was foiled or possessed of, or Jptftled unto, at the time of his arrival in Great Britain, in his btfti

Sht, or which any person or persons was or were seized or posed of in trust for him, or to or for his ufc or benefit, art the time of his said arrival in Great Britain, or at any time after, specifying what part thereof was not acquired, or purchased by property acquired, in consequence of his residence in the Erf Indies: and if any of the real or personal estate of property of any such person mall have been conveyed, alienated, oversed, or otherwise disposed of, after his laid arrival in Great err tain, then such person shall also, in and by his laid particular or inventory, set forth an accurate description andfp£ciffcatian of all such parts of his said real or personal estate nd pfopqrty as shall have been so conveyed, transferred, or dtipbfod of^tni how, and in what manner, and to whom, and at what timet and for what price or cbnfideration, the same (hah havebcdifo conveyed, alienated, transferred, or disposed of, tefpcqtvdy.

LVI And be it further enabled, That the lord chief bacto, or other barons of the said court of exchequer, to whom any such particular or inventory shall be delivered upon ootby in pursuance of this act, shall, as soon as conveniently am bt after the same shall have been received by him or them, dmvtr one of the said duplicates to the king's remembrancer of ffcc said court, to be by him filed and recorded in the ftidcouftf^as a public record; and the othev duplicate thereof to tfce tbair roan of the court of directors of the said united company ibrtlje time being, to be deposited and kept amongst the puoficfc ar

One of which duplicates to be delivered to the king's remembraneer, and kept as a public record; and the other to the chairman of the court of directors,

for the inlpcc chives and papers of the said united company, for the notation

of the proprietors. Complaints against such inventories may be made within three yean, and proceedings had thereon

tion and perusal of the members and proprietors of tshtwid united company: and in case any complaint shall, withinthirc years after the delivering of such particular or iny^ntatyibe made by the said board for the affairs of India, ot by the court of directors of the said united company, or by any tc$ pr more members or proprietors of the said company, whoso share or interest in the capital stock of the said united company shall amount conjunfliyely to ten thousand pounds at die least, by

memorial

fa] 1 anbovk^fifflo war .geobgu m. C5. 511

aefnprifoqr petition to the said court of exchequer, or by the notion of cbqniel in the/aid cpur(, that apy such particular or nveatory ls untrue, evagve, uncertain, or infofficient, or that t doth not contain the whole account of the real and personal.

state sold property of the ^erfqn delivering the faipe; and it. northwest appear, to the httufadion of the ibid court of exchequer,

: itheroy inifo&ion of any such particular or inventory, or up in the affidavit of any credible person or persons, that there is 'eafonable cause to fulpedt that any such particular or inventory loth not specify and disclose an account and description of the whole estate and, property, as well real as personal, of the perron deuforing foe same, according to the true intent and mean: ng of this a&j then it shall apd may be lawful for the said: ouit of exchequer, by their order, to cause the person who shall have delivered in such particular or inventory, at such ime or times as the said court (hal for that purpose direct, to o before the king's remembrancer of the said court, or his leputy for the time being, and LX by him examined upon oath [which oath the said remembraneer, or his deputy, is hereby mpowered and required to adqiinifter) upon such interrogatories, touching and concerning the said real and personal estate tnd property of such person, or the disposal thereof, as the said: (nail think meet and the aid court foall, if need be,

: aufo such person to be attached by the lherilf, by any process r warrant froip the said court, and kept in the safe custody of uch sheriff, or in such prison as the said epurt shall dire, until le shall have fully answered the said interrogatories, to the satis faiiton of the said court,

LVII And be it further enabled, That in case any person, Person male this act required to deliver duplicates of such particular or ing default iu nventory as aforesaid, shall neglect to deliver the same within delivering he time herein before for that purpose limited, or shall not Ikk in^etuo uboqit to be examined, and fully answer any such interrogator nc, 0r ij> antes fs aforesaid, or if it (hau appear that he hath been guilty of (Wering inter lhy concealment or omission, or untrue specification of any past j08at°r*5**.tj )f his estate or property, real qr personal, by (his act directed hole elt'tes: o be set forth and specified in such particular or inventory, to both real and he amount or value of two thousand pounds, such person, on per(bnal> >eing thereof convicted by due course of law, shall forfeit all lis lauds, tenements, and hereditaments, moneys, securities for noney, debts, goods, and chattels, and other his real and personal estate wjhatfoevei^ and wheresoever; one moiety whereof hatl belong to our sovereign lord the King, his heirs and fuc reitqrs, and the other moiety thereof shall belong to the said mated company (subject nevertheless to such allowance, to per' ons making any discovery thereof, as herein after is mentioned and shall and may be recovered by the king's cnajesty, lis heirs or focceftors, or by the said company, by adtian of lebt, bill, plaipt, or information, wherein no eftoin, protec ion, or ytager of law, (bail be allowed, nor more than one im jarlance qhd such person shall moreover suffer imprisonment...

5»2

Offender to be imprifoittd, and shall be Incapacitated.

Hot to extend to any person wbo shall arrive before Jap. i, 1787.

incafeoffick nest of any such person, within the said two months.

or at the time of his leaving India, a further time to be allowed.

Any person who, within force years after the delivery of any such inventory, shall make discovery, before a baron of the exchequer, of any estate or ef tests concealed, shall be ai'owed 10 percent, of the value thereof.

Lands, tenements, C forfeited by virtue of this act, to be (old by order of the court of exchequer.

, - -, / t t

Anno vicesimo quarto georgii III C 35. [1784.

for such time as the said court of exchequer shall tic their discretion think fit, without bail or mainprize; and Jftsriba shall be also incapable of serving the said united company in key capacity whatsoever. T [-

LVIII Provided always, and be it declared and eriacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to compel aoyper son, who shall arrive from India in Great Britain on or before the first day. of January, one thousand seven hundred' and eiehty seven? to deliver any such particular or inventory as aforesaid.

LIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of the sickness of any such person or persons by this act are required, within two months after their respecttve arrival in Great Britain, to give in an inventory of their tefpec tive effects, it shall and may be lawful to and for any baron of the said court of exchequer, upon proof of such sickness made to his satisfaction, from time to time to grant such further time for giving in such inventory, as the said baron shall in his discretion think fit.

LX And whereas it may happen, that persons engaged in trait in India, may by sickness be obliged to leave India so suddenly, as to put it out of their power foto settle their afftiri as to be able hf give in the inventory by this all repaired within two months after their arrival; be it further enacted by the authority aforefxid. That upon proof of such fast, to the satisfaction of any baron of the court of exchequer, it shall and may be lawful for the said baron to grant such further time for delivering in such inventory, as the nature of the cases respectively shall to him appear to require.

LXI And be it further enacted, That any person who (hab, within the space of three years next after the delivery of any such particular or inventory as aforesaid, voluntarily come before the said lord chief baron, or any one of the barons of the said court of exchequer, and make discovery upon oath, of any part of the estate or property, real or personal, of any person delivering such inventory, which shall have been concealed, and not therein or thereby, or in any subsequ^nt examination, specified, disclosed, or described, shall, upon conviction of the person who delivered such inventory, be allowed after the rate of ten pounds per centum, according to the value of the estate ot effects so discovered, wheresoever the same shall be, w Great Britain, or the British territorial po lie (lions in the ea/t/ndies; which allowance, ad valorem, shall be paid to such dtfcoveiief our of the net proceeds of such estate or effects which shall be discovered by his means as aforesaid.

LXII And be it further enacted. That all and every the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, goods, chattels, moneys, and other personal estate, of what kind or nature soevery which shall be forfeited and recovered, by virtue of this act, of and from any person or persons, by reason of his or their nqgteft or refusal to deliver any such particular or inventory as aforesaid,

1

1784.], Anno vlce/imo quarto geo5gti IIL C 25i £13

by the making of any imperfect or untrue difclofute and discovery of his estate and eflfe&s, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be sold and disposed of, by the order and. authority of his majesty's said court of exchequer, . and the moneys therefrom arising shall be paid and applied, under the order and authority of the aid court, to the use of the several persons entitled thereto, according to the drre&ions arid true .intent of this act.

lrxiil And be it'further enacted, That no person or per no officer of fbns whatsoever, who shall have been appointed to any civil or the company military station, office, or capacity whatsoever, in the East In rcturniiiv^o dits by the foie appointment of the said united company, or this kingdom, who shall have been appointed to such station, office, or capa and refidlng city, in the service of the said united company, by his Majesty, n Europe for his heirs or successors, upon the said court of directors neglect rjnlers^itwe ing to make such appointment as aforesaid, shall be capable of account of being appointed to the same, or any other station, office, or ca his health), pacity, in the Edfl Indies, or to claim or exercise, or be capable cipa*

of daixping or exercising, any power, authority, or jurisdiction there, after he or they, having returned to this kingdom, shall India again, have been resident therein, or in any other part of Europe, for the space of five years, unless it shall be made appear, by the oath of credible witnesses, or other authentic testimony, to the satisfaction as weh of the said board for the affairs of India, as of the court of directors of the fard united company, that such residence in Europe was on the account of, and became actually necessary for, the health of such person or persons respectively; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con Exception, ftrued to extend, to any appointment which shall be made by the court of directors of the said united company, with the consent and approbation of three fourths of a general court of proprietors of the said united company, specially convened for that purpose.

LXIV And whereas it would conduce to the better government, management, and ordering of the territories, poffiessions, revenues and commerce of the said united company, iffome more effetlual course than the common-law bath provided were devised, for the prosecuting and bringing to speedy 'and condign punishmeni persons guilty of the crime of extortion, 'and other misdemeanours, committed in the East Indies by British subjects holding offices or employments there under his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or under the aid united company, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall Method of and may be lawful to and for the coroner and attorney of our yjf --

lord the King, in the court of king's bench, by rule of the court of king's bench, to be obtained upon motion to be made shall be guilty for that purpose, at the instance of any person or persons, (and of extortion, which rule the said court is hereby Empowered to grant at their r oth€r discretion, if the magnitude and crrcurtistances of the case shall the^ea?1^1^ appear to the said court to render tt proper), or for his majesty's die, attorney general, or for the court of directors or court of proprietors

j?t4 Anno vicesimo quarto gfcofedit TO. C j[ty

prietors of the said united company, in the ha^jpf^ linked company, to exhibit in the said court of an information against any such person, for any luehp^t aforesaid, committed after the first day of March We tha seven hundred and eighty (fvc j whereupon the said cbdrt^ and may, at the instance of the prosecutor, caufethes against whom such information hall have been witt aforesaid to be attached, and may and shall order mar 6 committed to the prison of the mw/bal/ea^ or t6 the to London, or to the gaol of Newgate, at the difcretibn of the! court, there to be detained until he shall be delivered bjfdj course of law, or until he, together with two fufficitattor^ shall have entered into a recognisance unto the jtrng^s'i^ljq his heirs and successors, in such sum of money, and with f condition for his appearance, and for satisfymg the to be pronounced in and upon suchinformation, asso t court in its discretion shall Teem meet; and when 4^ shall have appeared and pleaded to the said mformatioft^ chief justice, of same of the justices of the saw cou df ti bench, shall, within ten days, (unless any Afandomt granted for the examination of witnesses as herein*ato jwfyif CD upon a motion to be made within a time to k lima the said court of king's bench for that purpose), deltvtt cord of the said information and plea to the Ion) high of Great Britain, or lord keeper, or lords coctmiflipiim custody of the great Tea! of Great Britain, who shall thereof htue a commission under the said great seal in m&nefha after provided. \ \

If any person LXV And be it further enacted, That if any.^b^ir.jpi accured shall Tonnes against whom any information shall be exhibited under^negletf to ap authority of this act, shall neglect or refuse, within

tive times as shall be allowed to him or them for tfow pff poses, by the rules, or according to the discretion of the $ court, to appear and plead not .guilty to such mforom^ shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's attorn ^ertj, of other prosecutor, to cause an appearance, and theplea Utti puilty, to be entered for such person or persons; information shall thereupon proceed as if the partybf p#tip had appeared, and pleaded not guilty thereto

LXVI And be it further enacted, That thin day from the from the commencement of the next and every mstofevery par^atnent* Ih* lords spiritual and temporal to

session, the 7 choose # and appoint, twenty six or more (nettben house of lords of their house*the commons of Great 0rtt4in, iri shall choose by ment aflembied, forty or more members of therfa(d.horfc .of commons, to be chosen by bailot; and the fpeiker of exb their house, house respectively shall cause the list of the said "napiesi so diot and the house en, to be transmitted, under their respective hapd$ and.feah, to 'tic cler^ t*lc crowo in chancery, or his deputy: and tty whenever a commilfibn is to be ifluecl upder the great seal | be deuyered &reat Britain by virtue of this act, the lists so returned shall be

ddirnci

information shall proceed iiotvnthstand ing.

Within o

Anno vkwflmo <^rto georgirlji. C 25; 5*$

elivercclipver to, such three judges of the courts of king's bench, to three pm^n pjeasy or exchequer, as the said courts shall for that prpofe'reipedively appoint, one judge being nominated from he different achof the said courts respectively; and if the said lids shall courts, tji^alp tpore than twenty six members of the house of lords, j, forty of the house of commons respectively, the said judges wpj, vyithip three days from the receipt thereof, cause the amiss contained in the fatid list or lists of either or both houses iipedjively (as the case may happen) to be put into a box or oxejs, and twenty six narriss of the said peers, and forty names fthe said commons, to be publicly drawn by lot, in the pre m$ef of the said judges and that the said three judges shall

gw'wer and authority, and they are hereby required to give to all such members of the two houses or parliament, names shall have been so returned, or drawn by lot as fid, and asso to his majesty's attorney general, or other rctfecutor, and also to the party accused, as the case may retire of the tinic and place to be appointed by the said judges dot exceeding twenty days from such lists being delivered to jferf.as aforesaid) for proceeding'in the execution of this act j no we names of all such members, of either house of parlia Names of the tenvirs shall hot attend in consequence of such notice, shall be members of foriforutt^d fq the speaker of each house respectively, within either h°uj* irce days, if parliament be then fiiting, of if not, within three whoxannot* ays'after the next meeting of parliament; and all such persons attend, on re rshall appear to have made default as aforesaid, shall forfeit ceivingproper j hls Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of five hun notice, to be red pounds each, unless they shall offer such excuses as shall iheypeaker.19

Sear, tp each house of parliament respectively to be valid and Defaulter to ci^at: and if any member of either house of parliament, forf«u <001. 'hole.name Shall have been, drawn by lot in the presence of the each, lid'judges as aforesaid, shall have departed this life, or shall old any civil office of profit under the crown during his ma ifty^s pleasure, or shall be, or shall have been, a member of je said board for the affairs of India, or shall be, or shall have eeny director of the said company, or shall hold, or shall have eld, any office or employment in the service of the said com any in India, then, in each and every such case, another name iarf&e drawn out of the same box (if any such name there be) lftesul of the naihe of such person.

l'jevii. And be it further enacted, That the feniar of the The fenlor [iff'three'judged present at the respective meetings of the said judge present Jecfal cohnmissiongrs shall be the presidentof such meeting or t^b5pre<w*nl reetings; and. that all questions, resolutions, and determina.*before the said special commissioners, shall be by a majo 6'

ons

ty of voices of the special commissioners then and there pre rntj and if the voices (half be equal, the then president shall ave a fecohd or calling voice..

lxviir. And be it further enacted. That the members of twenty six it house of peers hereby directed to be named by the said nb, x0e ouse for the purpdfes aforesaid, shall bp cbofert, nominated, pr, "Uhow w i and be chosen.

L Anno vieegmo quarto Georgii III C 2 Si! ^784*

and appointed. In the manner following; (that is to say), That at any time within thirty days from the commencemcnr r the next and every future session of parliament, when it pear that there are fifty lords spiritual and temporal at then present, the lords shall be calied; and if there are ray present, the lords shall thereupon proceed to deliver irt the table lists, each of which lifts shall contain the names of twemk six lords, and shall be signed by the lord who delivers suchlb^ which list being delivered in, shall be referred to a commfflte of lords to be then appointed, who shall examine the said hro^ and forthwith report to the house the name of every such taa whose name shall appear on ten such lists; and If the names (b returned shall not amount to twenty six at the least the lords present shall be required to deliver in fresh lists, each fist hxi taining a number of names equal to that number by wftfcfi the list returned shall fall short of twenty six, and so as often as the case shall happen; and no lord present when the hoafe shall be called over shall depart until the said lists of twenty six:

shall be made as aforesaid.

of LXIX And be it further enatfed, That the mertbtfrof chasing the the house of commons, hereby directed to be named byi^iif 4f^hbcf# house fr the purposes aforesaid, shall be chosen, nomfiiaiin, of commons. anc app0, nted» in the manner following; (that is to say), That;

at any time within thirty days from the commencement of the next and every'future session of parliament (and after thefpcakcr of the said house shall have taken the chair), it shall and may be lawful for any member, after four of the clock in the afternoon, to require that the doors of the house shall be locked, and that the house shall be told by the speaker; and if itthaff appear that there are two hundred members or more thenprt'sent, the members of the house shall thereupon proceed whde liver in at the table lists, each of which lifts shall contain tte names of forty members; which lists being delivered in, ft*fl be referred to a committee of five members, to be then appointed, who shall examine the said lists, and shall fofthwithiebirt to the house the name of every such member whose name rail appear on twenty of the said lists; and if the names so returned shall not amount to forty at the least, thetaembers present ftuh be required to deliver in fresh lists, each list containing a niim4 ber of names equal to that number by which the list returnee shall fall (hort of forty, and so as often as the case shall happen; land the doors of the house shall not be opened until the said list of forty members, or more, shall be fully completed in manner aforesaid.

Names of per LXX Provided always, and be it enacted. That If Ay of fons holding the persons named in such lists shall appear to bold any cavil offices under office of profit under the crown during his majesty's pleafere, during plea or to be, or to have been, a member of the said board ftr the fare, C to be affairs of India, or to be, or to have been, a director of the Ail (truck out of company, or to hold, or to have held, any office or etppioy the list ment; n the service of the said company in India \ the names of

1784.} Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 25. 517

ill and every such persons shall be (truck out of the said lid returned to the house by the said committee, upon such lid being read, over at the table.

LXXI And be it further enacted, That the names of all The party to ueb members of either house of parliament, contained in the ^ve^ubert1 aijl lists of twenty six peers and of forty commoners, which to challenge hall have been drawn by lot in presence of the three judges as V peer, and ifpresaid, as shall personally appear at the time and place ap0 common minted as aforesaid, shall be put into a box, to be drawn out ert*

y lot, in presence of the said judges, and of the parties, or

heir counsel or agents; and the person againd whom such in

ormation shall have been exhibited as aforesaid, shall have the

iberty, as the said names are drawn out, to make peremptory

: hallenges, to the number of thirteen of the peers, and twenty

)f the members of the house of commons, whose names shall.

wye been put into the said box; and his majesty's attorney Prosecutor

reneral, or other prosecutor, as the case may happen, shall may alio make

have power to make challenges to any of the names which shall C cnse*'

ae so drawn out, and to assign for cause of challenge any such

cnatter as in the opinion of the three judges, or the majority

Dfthem, shall appear in their discretion fufticient to fet them

aside, for the purpose of obtaining them equal justice; and the The first fear

fird/our names: of the said peers, and likewise the first six names names of the

d the said commoners, which shall be drawn out after the said the

npmber of challenges respectively, or which, being drawn out, commoners,

shall not be so challenged, shall be returned by the said judges drawn out

to the lord high chancellor, who shall cause the names, of the after the chat.

rd peers, and members of the house of commons, together

with those of the said three judges appointed as aforesaid, to be tmned'by the

inserted in the special commission to be issued by virtue of this judges to the

aft; and the persons whose names are so inserted in tlje com lord chan

mifiton shall appear, within ten days, at the time and place to

be appointed by though said three judges, and take the following jhofevth*

wtb, before the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords uid judges,

commissioners of the great seal for the time being, or any one in a special

Df them: commission.

1a. B. do wear, That I will well and truly try and determine, Oath to be to the hest of my judgement, the matter now to be brought before taken by the me, wording to though tvidtnu that ball be given. Siffioncn?*

So help me GOD.

And in case the challenges shall reduce the number of names so drawn out to less than four peers and six commoners reflectively, then and in such case the said three judges, shall certify the lame to the respective houses of parliament, who shall proceed with all convenient dispatch to appoint and ballot afresh for lists of members to be transmitted to the clerk of the crown, or his deputy, and afterwards to be inserted in a new commission to be issued in the manner hereinbefore directed; and the Vol. XXXIV Nn said

i Anno vicesimo quarto Georg it III C 4 W.

Their powers, said special commissioners shall have full powef ^hxq^nty to hear and determine every fuett mfoftnatjon, atjfd'w nounce judgement thereon, according to the effect of the ment of the common-law, upon convidhons had and obt according to the course of the common-law, far cxtoitroflj w other misdemeanour; and also to declare the party fa convicted incapable of serving the said united company in anycapidty whatsoever; and that such judgement, to be pronouncw by the said special commissioners as aforesaid, in and upott jbeh information, shall be good, and effectual, and conclufifci to ail Their pro intents and Jpurposes whatsoever; and that no ctrtkrrilhsl ceedings not be granted, by any court whatsoever, for removing the jato b ^ce^tt0^ cee°inss f the said special commissioners on such inforaab y r oran. nt any court whatsoever; and the proceedings of the fakhpe cial commissioners shall not be impeached, or the validity thaw questioned, in any action or suit, or other proceeding, in any court of law or equity whatsoever.

LXXII Provided always, and beat further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said special commit doners,or any seven or more of them, (of whom one of the said three judges, at the lead, shall always be one), to hear sod determine every such information, and from time to time to adjourn, as they shall think dr; and in case any number of the said special commissioners shall, before the said commission shall drath^&c^be ^avc ec" fully executed, depart this life, or be rendered in reduced to fix capable of acting, so that the number of the said special coo the commit*shall be reduced to six; or if all the said three judges shall happen to die, or be rendered incapable of acting, win Ithe said commission shall be depending, then, and in either of such cases, and from thenceforth, the said commission, ami the force and effwi thereof, shall cease, and a new commiflidq shall be awarded for hearing the matter of such information far which such former commission was issued, and the proceedings therein shall begin de novo; save only and except with respea rt the examination or depositibn of any witnesses (if any) which tall have been taken in writing under the said former commissisn; which examinations or depofltions shall and may be record and admitted ars evidence under such new commission. Commission LXXIII And be it farther enacted, That the said fperial ers to appoint commissioners shall nominate and appoint a. sit and proper per

Seven commissioners to make a quorum.

When the commission

(ion shall be void, and a new one awarded.

a register

Subpoenas may be iflhed for the attendance of witnefiei..

son or persons to adfc as their register or registers in the exfcto tion of the said commission; and when and so (bon as die, said commission shall have been fully executed, the said cormhiffion, and the information and plea, and the judgement had therfop on, and all the depofltions and examinations, and other proceedings concerning the premises, shall be delivered over bj such register or registers unto the clerk of the crown in the coart of king's bench, to be kept and recorded in that court.

LXXIV And be it further enacted by the authorityaftn said. That fubpeenas requiring the attendance, before the fecial commissioners to be appointed under this cf aaywk

- atf

i?84'3 Aono vioe^mo quartp geo^oii Uj. £, 25. gip

nt, qi wtovefles 4s or an behalf of any person or persons ptqfe cuted under the ^pthority of this act, may be issued out of the ctfwfn office of the court of king's bench; and in case apy wit non attend jqfcfs, having due notice of fu^h iubpoena, shall not attend in ancetobe (pbe^dience to such subpoena, his non ajtendance shall be deemed ^uscmcarior* a mifijemeanpr, and subje<$ him to be indided: and in case apv such witness shall attend, but (hallrefpfe to be examined, it piall and may be lawful for the said special commissioners to punifii such witness by fine or imprisonroent, at their discretion.

XXXV And be it further ehacted, That the said special comroiffion c^pirpissioners shall have full power and authority, by virtue of eri may send this act, to send for persons, papers, and records, apd to exa for persons, mine all yvitoefle^ who shall come or be brought before them P3*^qpon path, tq be taken before them, and to cause the exami rccor s nations of fpch witnefsea, if they shall so think fit, to be reduced into writing, and to be signed and subscribed by such witnesses respectively i and if any person brought before the said an<j maycom special commissioners shall prevaricate in his evidence, or shall mit prevari otherwise mi(behave hipifclf before the said special commission ?tors tllc ers, . the said special commissioners shall and may, if they shall**' C fq1 think fit, commit such person to the prison of the Fleet, or thp gaoj, of Newgate, there to remain (or such time as the said ff^eci^l commissioners shall appoint, uniefs the said comm ifli oner shall order them to he released sooner, which they are hereby ijmpowered tp do j and if any such witness shall wilfully give apy false evidence before the said special commissioners, such wimefs shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and shall and may be iodi&ed and punished for the same accordingly,

> JJ&XV I, And be it further epacled. That the recognisance The recogni # entered into as aforesaid, shall bind the property of all and zance afore. fjpgular the.gpods and chattels, winch were the goods and chat tel of the principal party entering into such recognisance at the of th/jfrinct tinri^of his entering ipto the same, or which he shall or may pai party at acquire ar any time afterwards, and before he shall be discharg the time of ed from such recognisance j and shall ala bind all eftaie and entering info iiuereft in all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereof lhc'ain<* C the said principal party shall be seized or possessed, qr whereof any person or persons, in trust for the party so entering into such recognisance (at the time of his entefing into the same, or at any, time afterwards, and before he shall be discharged therefrom) shall be seized or poftefied,

tifcjcvn. And be it further enabled. That where the party where the against whom such information shall have been exhibited as party shall be atorefaid fhafl be adjudged to be guilty of the crime charged in nd, ?ul, ry^ such information, and shall be adjudged to pay a fine unto his n^asine jmlajesty, his heirs and successors, that it shall and may be law he may beex full for his majesty's attorney general, or for the said united aminedbyin coxnpany, or other prosecutor, to exhibit interrogatories before terrogatories the court of exchequer, for the examination of the. party ad exchequer jigged to pay such fine as aforesaid, as tg his estate and effects as to his estate

N n % sufficient and effects:

$20 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 25,

If be shall not (ufficient to answer the faor)e fine; and if the said party xyft appear, or reappear, or shall refuse to answer to such interrogatories, .or fwert0&c!"he ^11 wilfully conceal any part of his estate or effects, shall forfeit all before declared to be bound by such recognisance as afora hit estate, and or which shall by law be liable, to be extended in (atii be committed, thereof, such party, on his default of appearance before court, or on his refusal to answer such interrogatories, shall i feit to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, all and! gular his goods and chattels, lands, tenements, and bereo meats whatsoever, and shall be liable to be imprisoned in the

Sol of Newgate or the tower of London for such time as" the id court of exchequer shall direct.

LXXVIII And whereas the provi/ions made by former laws, sir the bearing and determining in England offences committed in India, have been found ineffectual by reason of the difficulty of proving k this kingdom matters done there; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases of informations kud or CX hibited by virtue of this act in the said court of king's bench, or m»demeanors or offences committed in India it shall and ted to the*may be lawful for his majesty's said court, upon motion to be made on behalf of his majesty's attorney general, or otherpro fecutor, or of the defendant or defendants, to award a writ or writs of Mandamus requiring the chief justice and judges of the supreme court at Fort iviuiam in Calcutta for the time bein or the judges of the mayor's court of any of the British fettkments in India as the case may require, who are hereby respecthwly authorised and required accordingly to hold a court with all convenient speed for the examination of witnesses, and receiving other proofs concerning the matters charged in fiichformations respectively; and in the mean time to cause such pub lick notice to be given of the holding the said court, vaitf to issue such summons or other process as may be requiftte forjtbe attendance of witnesses, and of the agents or counsel of all of any of the parties respectively, and to adjourn from time to time, as occasion may require*and such examination as aforesaid shall be then and there openly and publicly taken, cm? voce in the said court, upon the respective oaths of wrtnefc, and the oaths of fkilfui interpreters, administered according, to the forms of their several religions, and shall, by some (worn officer of such court, be reduced into one or more writing or writings on parchment, in case any duplicate or duplicates should be required by or on behalf of any of the pans interested, and shall be lent to his Majesty, in his court of king's bench, dosed up, and under the seals of two or more of the judges of the said supreme court; and one or more of the judges of the said supreme court shall deliver the same to the agent or agents of the party or parties requiring the same; whichw agent or agents (or, in case of his or their death, the person into whose hands the same shall come) shall deliver the same to one of the clerks in court of his majesty's court of king's bench, in the public office, and make oath that he received the same from

Depositions of witnesses

court of king's bench, may be read before the fperial commissioners, and shall be deemed com petent evidence

I

1784.3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 2^ $21

the hands of one or more of the judges of such court in India (or in what manner the same came into his hands), and that Che same has not been opened or altered since he so received it,

(which said oath such clerk in court is hereby authorised and required to administer; such depositions, being duly taken iing returned, according to the true intent and meaning of this t, Shall be allowed and read before the said special coramif liqners, and shall be deemed as good and competent evidence*as if such witness had been present, and sworn and examined vtya voce, at any trial before the said Jjpecial commissioners, for Aich crimes or piifdemeanors as aforesaid, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and all parties concerned shall be entitled to take copies of such depositions at their own colls and charges; and the chief justice of the said court of king's Chief justice bench, or one of the judges of the said court, shall, with all^king's ddnvenient speed after such deposition shall have been so receiv the to CD together with the said information and plea, cause the same deposition, C to be delivered over to the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, to the lord T or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great chancellor. Britain, who shall thereupon i(tue the commission under the great seal, in the manner by this act directed.

LXXIX Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted.

That nojnformation, or plea, or deposition, which by this act Reftrifticm at Is djrefted to be delivered over by the chief justice of the court to the delivery'bfkin^s bench, or one of the judges of the said court, to the thcreot* toro high chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners for fht custody of the great seal of Great Britain, shall be so delivered over, at any other tithe than during some one of the three tifual and accustomed terms herein after mentioned; that is to^by. Hilary term, Easier term, or Michaelmas term.

, LXXX Andin order to promote the ends of justice in after tain bsg fails committed at so great a difiance from this country, by fitch evidence as the nature of the case will render practicable $ be it further enacted, That in all proceedings upon such information as Writings re aforesaid, as well the depositions taken under such eommiflkm ceived by the or commissions, after the publication thereof, as also all writ di

Ings which shall have been transmitted from the East Indies to indu and the court of directors of the said united company, by their offi copies of cers or servants resident in the East Indies, in the ufiial coorfe witings sent of their correspondence with the said court of directors, and }£**£** topics of all writings which shall have been transmitted by the i^nts^erel said court of directors, or by any committee thereof, to the offi relative to the cers and fervints of the said united company resident in the charge in the Baste Indies, and which in any manner relate to the subject mat information, ter of the charge to be contained in such information, or to the by

defence to be made thereto, may be admitted by the said com the commit missioner to be offered in evidence, and shall not be deemed fioneri aseyi inadmissible or incompetent, unless upon objections anting from dsnet. the nature of the contents of the said writings; subject nevertheless to be impeached, in point of credibility, by such obfer yations and objections as the nature of such evidence or other

522 Anno vicesimo quarto georgu III C 26. [i

circumstances, may suggest; any rule of the commbn lats 16 the contrary notwithstanding.

Court of LXXXI And be it further enacted, That the Tat court cf king! bench king's bench fhafl have power and authority, at the prayer of of theprofc majesty's attorney general, or other prosecutor, or tf the

cutor, C*whom such information shall be exhibited, to or

may order an der an examination de bene ejfey of witnesses, opon interropto examination ries to be had and taken before an examiner to beby thah ip up^tnterro p°*ntc<* fr that purpose, or by commission, as the case did gatorie*, C require, and to cause the depositions of such witnesses to k"*publithed, when the same shall appear to them €0 be pfoperaoi necessary; and which depositions (hah be afterwards admhtdl to be read in evidence before the aid commissioners, and ouh be deemed good and sufficient evidence in the law as aforesaid; raving all just exceptions to be taken to such depositions, wheq the same shall be offered to be read as aforesaid.

LXXX And be it further enacted by the authority afore imitation of fs*id, That no prosecution m consequence of this act (hah be profccutions. commenced, unless within the space of three years after the return of the party prosecuted into Greet Britain, or within three years after the delivery of the inventory or particular required by this act.

Not totted LXXXIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That no

the claims re thing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend)

fpeding the to prejudice or affect the rights or claims of the public, or the

ter.^?r'al ac said united company, respecting the said territorial acquisitions qui 1 ion. an(j revcnues#

Commence LXXXI V And be it further enacted. That this act Hull tnentofthis take place and have commencement, in Great Britain, inane''after the same shall have received his majest/s royal assent; and shall take place and have commencement, in the several presidencies aforesaid, and in the territories thereunto belonging, from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Publldc ad. LXXXV And fie it further enacted, That this act Hull, and shall be deemed and taken to be a public ad.

CAP. XXVI

Preamble. Recital of 10 Geo. j. C 41.

An act to repeal so much of two afl$> made in the tenth and fifteenth yean of the reign of his present Majtjly, as authorises thefptdtr of the house of commons to issue his warrant so the clerk of the crown for making out writs for the election of members to serve in parliament, in the manner therein mentioned i and for fuijtiteetinz aether prcvifms for the like purposes.

WHEREAS by an aljy made in the tenth year of the trip of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to enable the speaker of the house of commons to issue h*s warrants so make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as shall die during the rccefsot - w........... parlia

1784-] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 26. 523

parliament; and also by another act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending and 15 Geo. the said act, and for enabling the speaker of the house of com 3, C 36. xnons to make oat new writs for the choice of members to Serve in parliament, in the room of such members as shall, daring the recess of parliament, become peers of Great Britain, and hie summoned to parliament, and for other the purposes therein mentioned; several provisions were made for enabling the speaker of the house of commons to iffiu his warrants to the turk of the crown to make out new writs for electing members of the house of commons, in the room of such members as Should happen to die, or become peers of Great Britain at the times, in the manner, and under the re ftriftions in the fa idseveral acts mentioned: and whereas the said acts have been found highly advantageous to the public, by causing speedy elections tf members of the house of commons, and it is therefore expedient that the provisions therein contained Should be further extended, and freed from certain of the restrictions in the said acts particularly specified, and also that some further provisions Should be made for tarrying the said powers into execution, in the cases of the death of the speaker of the house of commons for the time being, or of his seat in parliament becoming vacant, or of his absence out of the realm; and it would be s also convenient that the provisions contained in the said two several acts of, parliament, and of this act, Should be reduced into one act of parliament, and I bat, for that purpose, those .provisions contained in the said two several acts Should be repealed; be it therefore enacted by the king's mod bxdelfent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the patting of this act, the The recited said act, passed in the tenth year of the. reign of his present attof 10 Geo. Majesty, and also so much of the said acts, passed in the fif repealed i teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as enables the ^geo^? speaker of the house of commons to issue his warrants to make C 36. out new writs for the eledtion of members to serve in parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II And be it enacted. That, from and after the patting of Speaker to this act, it shall and may be lawful for the speaker of the house, saros commons for the time being, during any recess of the said a

house, whether by prorogation or adjournment, and he is hereby making out required to issue his warrant to the clerk of the crown, to make writs for elec out a new writ for eledting a member of the house of commons mem in the room of any member of the said house who shall happen to j^0fe die, or who shall become a peer of Great Britain, either during wh0 shall die, the said recefe, or previous thereto, as (bon as he shall receive or become notice, by a certificate, under the bonds of two members of the peer of Great house of cbmmons, of the death of such member, in the first bruain* case; and in the second case, that a writ of summons hath been jflued, under the great seal of Great Britain, to summon such peer to parliament; which certificate may be in the form, or to the efsect, comprised in the schedule hereunto annexed.

N n 4 III Pro

SH

Certificate of vacaocief tq be mrijfied in the Gazette

Certain re. ftri&ion* on the speaker relative to iituing hi warrant.

Speaker to authorise a certain number of member of the house of commons to execute the powers given to him by this a 6h

Anno vicesimo quarto gfcorgiijli, ea [ja

III Provided always, and be it enacted, That fth& of the house of commons shall forthwikh^afepr tusre such certificate, cause notice thereof to be infected in the,

Gazette, and shall not issue his warrant until fourteen after the insertion of such notice in the Gazette -

IV Provided also, That nothing herein coatah>ed'ihfr!l«*fr:

tend to enable the speaker of the house of cotnmops t&htafclib warrant for the purposes aforesaid, unless the return tof Ar writ (by virtue of which such member deceased, or beboihe4 peer of Great Britain, was elected) shall have been broughjtirf* to the office of the clerk of the crown, fifteen days at the hatt before the end of the lad sitting of the house of conmons mediately preceding the time when such applicariof* (hah kb made to the speaker of the house of commons to tffiae- - warrant as aforesaid; nor unless such application shall ' so long before the then next meeting of the house of coml for the dispatch of business, as that the writ for the<dedkvi may be issued before the day of such next meeting of fbeijimfc of commons; nor in case such application shall be uiade.wrifli respect to any seat in the house of commons which (httt. fane been vacated in either of the methods before meationed»by4afc member of that house against whose election or return toferw in parliament a petition was depending, at the timpof the then lift prorogation of parliament, or adjournment of though bbufir ofj commons. t. : ;

V And whereas the due execution of this 'aft may he preven&dar impeded by the death of the jpeahtr of the house of coenm** for .ibc time being, or by his seat in parliament becoming vacant or by Me abfepce out of the realm, for which imonven'uncies it is expedient Or provide a remedy; be it therefore enaited by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the present speaker of the hpufe of commons, and he is hereby required, within a convenient time after the patting of this at, and for every ferae*speaker of the house of commons, and he is hereby

within a convenient time after he shall be in'that office, at the beginning of any parliament, by any irtftroment in writing under his hand and fear, to nominate and appoint a certain number of persons, not more than seven, nor less than three, members of the house of commons at the time being, thereby authorising them, or any one of them, to execute aliatnd gular the powers given to the (peaker of the house'of commons for the time being, for ittuing such warrants as said, by virtue of this act, subjec1 nevertheless to such re tions and exceptions as are herein also contained; which instrument of appointment and authority shall, notwithstandidg the death of the speaker of the house of commons making and executing the same, or the vacating his seat in parliament, continue and remain in full force until the diflolution of tbc parliament in which it shall be made.

VI Provided always, and be it enabled, That whenever and

Anno vicefimaquarto Gborqii II C 26. $25

as .often as the said number of persons, foto be appointed as When such aforesaid, shall, by death, or by their seats in parliament being number shall vacated, happen to be reduced to less than three, it shall ana j>v2?ucedto maybe lawful for the speaker of the house of commons for the "Kw time being to make a new appointment in the manner herein appointment before directed. tone made.

VJI, Provided also, That every such appointment shall be appoint entered in the journals of the house of commons, and be also menu to be published once in the London Gazettei and the instrument of entered in the such.appointment shall be preserved by the clerk of the house of journal of the commons, and a duplicate thereof shall be filed in the office of publidtell in thoclerk of the crown in chancery. the Gazette.

VIII Provided also. That nothing in this act contained n what cases (hau extend, or be construed to extend, to give any power or only such pcr aushority whatsoever to any person foto be nominated and ap son*ai*, m pointed as aforesaid, except in the case of there being no p°wered to speaker of the house of commons, or of his being absent out of the realm, nor for any longer time than such person, foto be appointed as aforesaid, shall continue a member of the house of commons; anything herein contained to the contrary not witbaanding.

ixv And be it enabled. That the publisher of the Gazette Publisherof for die time being, when any such notice as aforesaid of the the Gazette to [(firing of any such warrant shall be brought to him, signed by ie receipts any person so appointed as aforesaid, shall give a receipt for the for nt, ces same, specifying'the day and hour when the same was received.. in case more than one such notice shall be brought to him, relative to the same election, such publisher shall insert in the Gazette only the notice first received.

SCHEDULE.

WE whose names are underwrittenbeing two members of the

house of commons, do hereby eertijy. That M. P. late a member efthe said house, serving as one of the knights of though for

the county of [or as the case may be] died upon the.

day of [or is become a peer Great Britain, and that a

writ of fummops hath been issued, under the great seal of Great Britain, to summon him to parliamen, ] [as the case may be j]

and We give' you this notice, to the intent that you may your warrant to the clerk of the crown, to make out a new writ for the election of a knight to fcrve in parliament for the Laid county of [or as the case'may bej in the room said M. P, Given under our bands, this day of

To the speaker of the house of commons.

Vote, That in case there hall be no of the house of commons,

or of his absence out of the realm, such certificate may be. addre/jbd to any One of the persons appointed according to the directions of this ait.

CAP.

Cjaogle

526

Preamble

From Sept 4, 17849 an additional weekly duty of ca. to be paid for all hackney coach licences.

Duty to be paid monthly.

1

Provifigns of former as relative to levying the duty, C extended to this

X icences to be granted in future under payment of 10 s. weekly teat.

Anno vicesimo quarto gftmtojj KL [rj^ CAP. XXVII

An act for laying an additional duty on hatbiey tooths; ml sir ns plaining and amending several affs of parliament ft backney coaches.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, d commons of Great Britain, in parliament afiembht* wards raising, by the most easy means, the necessary iuppbesji defray your majesty's public expenses, have freely tod voto tarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the addhi> nal duty herein after mentioned j and do most humbly bcfack your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enam by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by then thority of the same. That, from and after the fourth day d September., one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, then shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and ior th use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceuors, from all and enry person or persons now licensed, or hereafter to be ficeofcd, in drive or keep a hackney coach, or coach holies, within (beetles of London and Westminster, or the suburbs of the lame, a within the parishes comprised within the weekly bills of mem lity, the further or additional weekly duty or (am of five M ings, of lawful money of Great Britain, for each and every such coach so licensed; be paid monthly from the said ford day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty soar, without any deduction or abatement for any matter, cause«whatsoever: And that all powers, provifod, article: , clauses, penalties, and forfeitures, and all other matters d things, preferihed or appointed by any former act or aft*parliament relating to such hackney coaches, or the owdhv renters, or drivers thereof, shall be of full force and effias skfi relation to the additional weekly duty or sura hereby iropa and shall be applied and put in execution for the rating toying, colleisting, and securing, the said additional weekly dif hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the forte M several ly and respectively been hereby enacted with relatioop the said additional weekly duty hereby imposed. J

II Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, W when any of the licences already granted to hackney, coihfflh shall, by death, resignation, or otherwise, become void, stand may be lawful for the cotnmissioners for licensing and regulating hackney coaches and chairs, or any three of theas* grant such licences anew to any person or persons, under p? fnent as well of the weekly rent of five Shillings, seferved such licences, as of the said additional weekly rent,

'ft

^84-1 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 27, 527

ith such covenants, conditions, and provisoes, therein to be rferted, for the more effectual payment thereof, as the said )fn*nifiiort«rs, in their discretion, shall think fit.

Island whereas it frequently happens that the owners of hack fry coach licences neglect of rtfufe to attend the said commissioners nth his her, or their drivers, be it further enacted by the uthority afore said, That if the owner of any such licensed coach ff'°"nen f lall negledfc or refuse to appear before the said commissioners, cmhcfneg pm any complaint exhibited before them, and with his pro lea to appear er driver, upon the third summons left at the usual place of before the bode of such owner entered with the said commissioners, h commissioners lall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, upon such K

egle£fc or refofal of appearance of the said owner, to revoke their licences uch hackney coach licence, and to iicenfe another person in may be rc he room of such owner. yoked.

IV And whereas by an 0#, made in the ninth year of the reign Recital of slier late majesty £>ueen Anne, (entitled, An act for licensing nd regulating hackney Coaches and chairs; and for charging*ertain new duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper nd on cards and dice, and on the exportation of rock salt for 'reland; and for securing thereby, and by a weekly payment at of the pod office, and by several duties on hides and skins,

1 yearly fond of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred ind seventy pounds, for thirty-two years, to be applied to the atisfaction of such orders as are therein mentioned, to the con ribtitbrs of any sum not exceeding two million?, to be raised or carrying on the war, and other her majesty's occasions } by anothor aft, made in the/eventh year of his present Majesty s reign, intituled, An act for altering the damp duties upon po and 7 Geo. 3, icies of assurance; and for reducing the allowance to be made C 44. n respect of the prompt payment of the damp duties on licen: es for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors; and for ntplaining and amending several acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs; ) the several fares or rates to be taken by backncy coachmen, tkeir renters or drivers, are enumerated and set down: and whereas, the better to enable such hackney ioatbtoen, and their renter; , to pay such additional rent or impojl, it is thought expedient, that the persons already licensed, or hereajter to be licensed, to drive or keep such hackney coaches, Should have, take, and rcce\ve, for their hire, at and after the rates kerein after mentioned;

it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Part of the From and after the fourth day of September, one thousand seven recited acts hundred and eighty-four, so much of the said act of the ninth year repcalcd* if the feign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, and also so much if the said act of the seventh year of the reign of his present ma fefty, as appoints or enumerates the fares or rates to be taken )y hackney coachmen, their renters or drivers, shall, from the 'aid fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ighty four, be, and the same are hereby repealed: and that. From Sep. 4, From and after the said fourth day of September, one thousand 1784, hackney £ven hundred and eighty-four, every person who is or shall be coachmen in

> tk ej l"lbe

5*8

following farei; videlicet.

Anno vicesimo quarto gecjrgii IIL c.2^1

licensed by the said commissioners, or the t^ajar 'pin' to drive, keep, and let to hire, by the hour ot dy, or ": ": hackney coach, with horses and geldings, otat' the cities of London and jv(stminstert or the suburb t V or within the parishes or places comprised Within bills of mortality, or any other place or plas, whd&d| any of the laws now in being, such hackney cohpiiii 'm to pellable to go, or any person legally filing under 'qlch licefils person, shall be entitled to, and may demand, receive, attd al for the hire of any such hackney coach, the rates iol fott herein after mentioned; (that is to say: ) 1''

<** and For every distance within and not exceeding one toft^a half, i s. four furlongs, the sum of twelve pence: '

Not exceeding Ant] for every further distance within and not exceeding (w

ss°6d!** furlongs, (computed as beyond the said first mentioneddifcntt of one mile and four furlongs, ) the sum of fixperice:

And to m And in like manner for any further distance, within ajri aot» for every half ceeding four furlongs beyond the said second distance, fit mile. 1 sum offtxpence; and foin like manner the sum offixpdkcfr every further distance, within and not exceeding four furloap. to be computed through the whole distance which fuphwc shall be driven or go.

For the first And as respecting the time during which such coach Wh hour, i s.fid. employed, for the first period of time, not exccedingpsctar, the sum of one shilling and sixpence:

, And for every And for any time within and not exceeding an hour, to V our after, is. computc<j frotn tj, e expiration of the said first hour, ! the

one shilling and sixpence; and in like manner for tpj tiia within and not exceeding an hour, the further film of tm Ruling and ftxpencey to be computed through the wholeunxluring which such coach shall be engaged or employed;

For a day of And for a day's work or hire, reckoning twelve hoist to W id*10*1" " SOUTHEAST um fourteen Shillings and sixpence;

a"jfr0, , And for any time exceeding the said twelve hours, at and hour exceed 1' ater ie rate one and sixpence for the fixft penod a

ing ia, 11.6d. time, not exceeding one hour, to be computed from the end i the said twelve hours; and for any time within and pot matting an hour, to be computed from the expiration of the H first hour after the said twelve hours, the sum of one urn and sixpence; and in like manner for any time within and W i exceeding an hour, the further sum of one shilling and fixpw

to be computed through the whole time during which lid coach shall be engaged or employed exceeding the said rad hours.

V

The new fare V And be it further enabled by the authority afatu to be recover That the said several rates and fares for hire, bereia btb' din the same mentioned, shall and may be recovered in the like manna'

u i

manner as the

529

digri ^of her 'feia iate majesty Queen Anne, or by any other act former ones, r actsof Darlfadient are by law recoverable.

vir.a^lie it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p«rfons taking rbav the persons now licertfed, or hereafter to belicensed, shall n<£stobe ?£ fut&eft aftd liable to all the orders, rules, regulations, bye subjert to the penalties, matters, and things, as are, or at any time same orders, i^etofore have been lawfully prescribed in relation to any per pn$ticensed to keep or drive hackney coaches, and the renters*heretofore t such licences, and drivers of such coaches, before the making Except !f tins present act, (except such parts thereof as are hereby rep 1

V U. And whereas a doubt has arien whether, under and by vir Recital of a tue of a clause in an act made in thejirji year of the reign of his late clause in aft majesty King George the First, (entitled, An act for better regu 1 l*c# lating hackney coaches, carts, drays, cars, and wagons, within 5'* the cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of mortality; and for preventing miichiefs occasioned by the drivers ridingupon such carts, drays, cars, and wagons, ) any persan driving a mourning coach or hearse to a funeral within the cities London or Westminster, or the suburbs of the same, or within the parishes or places comprised within the weekly bills of mortality, are jfktyefl and liable to the penalties and forfeitures created by any of the Status now in being for keeping or driving a hackney coach or loach horses for hire, without a licence Jrom the said commissioners; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the said From 4* fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty jtjf*dvivm^a* soul, If any person shall drive a mourning coach or hearse to any m0urning5*fipneral within the cities of London or Westminster, or the suburbs coach or _

Of tnt same, or within five miles of temple bar in the said city of hearse, within jliftdon, except the same shall have a number fixed on the fore x^mple bar standard of such mourning coach or hearse, shewing it to be a without"a f lyfehfed coach or hearse let to hire, and information shall be given number proto the said commissioners of such fast, it shall and may be law p«riy full for the said commissioners to fuihmon the party driving such ^ihboming coach or hearse before them, andj on default of such before the party appearing on such summons before the said commission commission efs, the said commissioners are hereby empowered to proceed «* and fined agiinfthim, her, or them 5 and although no express hiring shall $* /

w pfoved, it shall be deemed and adjudged a driving for hire, i&ld'the party offending shall forfeit for such offence the sum of pounds, to be recovered and applied in such and the same;# er as by any of the laws now in being arc directed con' certiing the penalty or forfeiture for driving an hackney coach r'fti^falre without licence.

/; vui f And whereas great in conveniences lave arisen from the / regular behaviour of carmen, draymen, and other persons driving carts, drays, and other such carriages, within the cities of London, and Westminster, and suburbs thereof, the borough of Southwark, inti Other streets, highways, and places thereto near adjoining, bf

pealed.)

53° Anno vkcfipao quarto.qeorgh ifll

the said streets and highways committing fthfr. pi

like kind: and whereas a doubt has arisen whether 3

wr/a/ 0/ wy^laws now in being, the owners efimevi cars drays, or other such carriages, belonging to ptrfint ref^n^ of the bills of mortality although within the adjoining places 'tyii said r/v/'/j o/london or Westminster W borough you wark, ought to enter their names and places of abode with tkijsn miss oners sir licensing hackney coaches \ be it farther t

from$cp.t. 4* the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fdurth tjayfi

1784.. no per September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty foijr, $

art cat dra^ person or perms whatsoever shall drive any cart, car, irar4o

fc. withinrfive ot^er such carriage, within the said cities of London or Jmm

miles of Tem for and suburbs thereof, the borough of Southwark and 6tk

pl bar, or in streets and places within the bills of mortality, or five missed

the temple bar in the said city of London except the owner of fed

cept the owner cart car dray, or other such carriage, shall have enjeredfi

shall have en name and place of abode with the commissioners forlicenfc

tered his name hackney coaches; and shall, upon some confpicuoos part d

and place of such cart car dray or other carriage, have the name of tit abode at the r s I J f..,

hackney owner of such cart, car, dray, or other such carriage, audit

coach office; number of such cart, car, dray, or other such carriage brigand shall affix ing to him, in order that thfc driver of such cart, car*draper his name, and other such carriage, may be the more easily convified foraa* the carriage, disorder or misbehaviour committed by him as aforefiid; 3k on some con in case of such neglect or refusal of entry, and affixing fed fpicuous part number on such cart, car, dray, or other such carriage, the thereof. owner or driver of such cart, car, dray, or other such wia^ Penalty on of f0 residing and driven within five miles of Temple bar (toll fenders. subject and liable to all the penalties and forfeitures created b any laws now in being relative to such owners or drivers cj carts, cars, drays, or other such carriages, within the said cities of London or Westminster* and suburbs thereof, the boroqgm Southwark and other streets within the bills of qiotuliry, which shall or may be recovered and applied in such maimer such forfeitures and penalties are by law now recpyfartbfe from the owners of such carts, cars, drays, or other such stages, fe driven within the said cities of London or jpestminster* and suburbs thereof, the borough of Southward and other (toes within the bills of mortality.

Additional IX And be it further enacted, That the tmpfr weekly duty weekly duty, or sum of money, (the necessary charges of to be paid into ing and accounting for the same excepted, ) shall, from rifled the exche time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, ft tered macn tm<^ty aru* apart from a ot^er branches of the pjuwick bookfeparate nue; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt M shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which ah moneys arising from the said additional duty imposed by flrni and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be enteredfe rate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account tbit ever; and the said money so paid into the said receipt of exd

from alt others,

1784*] Anno vi&fmio quarto Georgii III C 28, 29.' 53i

quer a aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several Application arid respective annuites, and all such other charges and expen thereof. ces, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (intituled, An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a totteryj

X And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Defendants shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, may plead the for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of general Blue, this actor of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for hisvor their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him j^dhavetre* or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs. bic cou

CAP. XXVIII

An act for authoring the treasurer of the navy to pay to the officers and men belonging to his majesty's ship Santa Margaretta, the like bounty for taking the French frigate called L Amazone, as is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his Majesty's ships of war, taking or dcftroyfng ships of war belonging to the enemy.

19 Geo. 3. C 67. and so Geo. 3. C 13. recited. Officers and men on board the Santa Margaretta (Capt. Elliot Salter) when die attacked the French frigate l'amazone, in July 178s. in titled to the bounty of 5!. for every man on board the said frigate at the time of the attack.

CAP. XXIX

An act for veiling certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in truf teet, for better securing his majestyv docks, ships, and stores, at portsmouth and Plymouth; and also for revelling certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in the former proprietors thereof; and for other pur posts therein mentioned.

Act of0 Geo. 3. C 38. recited, and 11 Geo. 3. C 6r. AH the lands, tenements, C in the recited alts mentioned to be (ituate in Devon shire and Cornwall, and vetted in (ir Fletcher Norton, and the other persons therein Darned (except as herein mentioned) shall be divetted out of the said sir Fletcher Norton, C and revetted in the former proprietors thereof. Recital of a Geo. 3. C 80. and 13 Geo. 3. C 87. All the lands, tenements, be. in the recited as % % 13 Geo. 3. mentioned to be situate in Hampttiire, and vetted in the Rt Hon. Wolfran Cornwall, C shall be revelled in the former proprietors thereof. Certain pieces of land, C n the parish of Alverstoke in the county of Southampton; and in the pa ishes of Titchfield and Rowner, in the same county; and certain other pieces of land, C tttuate in the parish of Maker, 10 Devonshire; vetted n the Rt. Hon. Charles Wolfran Cornwall, Jervoife Clarke Jervoife esq; Robert Thittlethwayte esq; sir William Lemon baronet, John Roll esq; John Polloxttn Ballard esq; their heirs and assigns in trutt for the >wnera till the value adjudged and the purchase money paid with interett. Reasonable compensation to be made to the proprietors out of the next parliamentary aids. His Majesty empowered by letters patent under the

great

53* Anno vicesimo quarto gsoroh III C jo. [ql(.

greit ieal, to appoint commissioners to determine ctafcna to the sill C To proceed in a summary way, on testimony of wkneflaxupwanmi or inspe&fon of records, cor by jury if required. Judgement finm* crecs of commissioners to be entered in books, C Copies t^crcdflobc laid before both houses of parliaments Commissioners to utae tt^f'warrants to Ihcrifft to summon juries who are to inquire into the waist ef lands. Sec. Penalty on tariffs or their officers making defaults Mt mart tbaniol. and also on jurors, not more than xol. In case a fuffidentjiry shall not appear upon return of the warrant, commissioners may adjoint the inquest, and iflbe their warrant for summoning other juror in fwn of defaulters. Commissioners, after the Inquest tall be taken, aojeh journ, C for makinjg decree. Commissioners to give notice pretopta their respettive meetings, 14. days at least If owners make defoylt ia appearing, See. to proceed to judgement which is to be final. On payment of the sums assessed by jury, C true flees to be deemed seized of the pre inifes for the use of his Majesty. Surveyors of the highways for tbeys rill of Alverstoke, and their workmen. Sec. empowered to enfer Ufto lands set out as a road, and to take gravel from the sea share. V Officers d ordinance, before Jan. 1, 1785, in a written declaration, to fpeem the particular veiled lands. Sec. which will be wanted for the rarpolesvfofe said. And all the lands not so specified shall be revelled in ttie former proprietors. No private building (except barns, hovels, or other bonding of wood only) to be erected qn any lands vested by this at and the jury msv value the damage by such restriction, and if any building be creaea after the assessment, the same may be abated. Lands to be porchawi h pursuance of this a, shall be liable to the usual tithes and taxes To be paid by the storekeeper of the ordinance. Profits arising from thafamds to be expended on the fortifications, to be appropriated by them after general. See. of the ordinance towards the erection and reparation of tbefiy* tifications. Proprietors of lands, hereby revetted, to be reimbursed lb or expenses, See. in confequencef of the recited act si Geo. 3. Act of^ogea j.c. 49. recited. Lands and tenements in Chatham, Sec. taken poftefbon of for his majesty's use, to be liable to tithes, land tax, Sec. as heretofore. Such tithes, Scc. to.be paid by the storekeeper of the ordinance Proprietors of lands, Sec. in Hampshire, to be reimbursed damages in consequence of the ad 11 Geo. 3. Commissioners not liable to penalties, in acts Car. a. C 1. 1 Wm. and Mar. C 8. 13 and 14. .Win. 3. C 6. s Geo. t.c* 13. Commissioners not disqualified from being members of parliament

CAP. XXX

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon

for retailing beer, ale and other emftablt liquors.

Preamble.

From Sept X 17*4, an additional duty

Mod gracious Sovereign,

W'E, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjea*, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affecnbled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your m»jdty*s public expenses, have resolved to give and grant unto y«sr Majesty the duty herein after mentioned; and do mod huiamy befeecn your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it emdtd by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefer parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That from and after the fird day of September cot thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, raised, levied, collected, and

paid,

, 7#* ] an vk$0roo*jp*fta gkorgu III C 3a 553

=uuj» jfa his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a duty of ten of 10 s. 6d. to killings and sixpence for every piece of vellum or parchment b pa, .dor

r flicct or piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, for retailing r^jgir^feted, any licence from justices of the peace for selling ale, beer, ale, See. eer or other exciseable liquors, by retail, in Great Britain vcrtsfnd above all other duties chargeable thereupon.

II.' And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The new duty better and more effcdual levying, collecting, and pay to Sunder fold duty herein before granted, the same shall be un ^ent'oftnt er the government, care, and management of the commission commissioners rs, sot the time being, appointed to manage the duties charged of stamp n |iapiped ^yellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major <luuc, «them, are hereby required and empowered to employ re necessary offices under them for that purpose, and to ule rid provide such (lamps to denote the said duty as shall be re ui£$e in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be one for putting this act into execution with relation to the said uty herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and am

1c manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorised^put ip execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, tarchment, and paper.

411. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Allowance to That the same allowance shall be made, on present payment f the several duties granted by this at, in such manner as by ment. P* ny former law, relating to stamped vellum, parchment, and taper, is directed^and allowed.

iy. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Stamps may That fuph (lamps as the commissioners are hereby directed and be altered or uthorized to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed, enewed in such manner as any other (lamps on vellum, parch nent or paper, are, by any former law relating to stamped velum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered or renewed.

V And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be'c.0unter^, tms iowtferfeited or forged, any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or al tamps cowed to be used by this act, for the purpose of denoting the iuti.es by this act granted; or shall counterfeit or resemble the mpreflion of the same, with an interir to defraud his Majesty, lis heirs and successors, of the said duty; or shall privately or raudufeotly use any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or allowed to e used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs nd fuqceffors, of the said duty; every person so offending, and wing thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and ball suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of

7l And be it further enabled by the authority bforesaid, Provifionj of That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, diftri former rtamp >ution of penalties, and forfeitures, and all other matters and acts to be in hings prescribed or appointed by any former act or acts mriiament, relating to the lamp duties on vellum, parchment, "

Vol. XXXIV O 0 and

534 aario vicesimo quarto gfeokdfcptlf.1 pj 78^

and paper, shall be of full force and effect with relation to the duty hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raifine, levying, collecting, and securing the fajdduty hereby imposed, according to the true intent and b

this act, as fully, to all intents and purpose, .as if thb lathe had several ly and respectively been hereby enacted With rttadbn to the said new duty hereby imposed.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority kfot'daid, Duty to be That the duty hereia before granted shall be paid from iiimtf paid to the time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time barig neravof of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, woo stamp dutici, shall keep a separate and distinct account thereof, and piytfae and by bim same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting paid into the for the same, being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer, exchequer for purposes in this act mentioned, at such time and in

such manner, as any former duties bn stamped vellum, pinch ment and paper, are directed tobopaid.

VIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

A book to be That there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the an provided by djtor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which of the exche* l^c monic€ ar>fing from the said duty, and paid into the said quer, for en receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all tenng the other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heira and duty separate focceffors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, other. k Pa nt l^c receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shah, fco application gcth«r with such other rates, duties, and revenues, ds flail fee thereof. granted by any act or acts of this session of parliament far this

Kfe, be a fund for the payment of the feverhl annuities, and: h other charges and expenses as are directed to he ptid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of paise ment, (entitled, An act for raijing a ttrtain sum of minty byway of annuities, and for establi/hing a lottery r

IX And be it further enacted by the authority afecehid, Defendants That if any person or persons shall, at any time or tunes, 1 be raayplwd the sued, molested or prosecuted, for anything by him or them general issue, (jqnc or execute(j; n pursuance of ttus aft, or of an^xhose;

matter, or thing herein contained, fetch person and ydoos shall and may plead the general i(tue, and give the fecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then suck defendant or and shall have defendants shall have treble rolls awarded to him or Atom treble costs. against such plaintiff or plaintiffs. /'

CAP.

anno^ri(^gn^qmrt(> Georgii m. C 31. 535

1 CAP. XXXI

jfrqafl for granting to his Majesty certain duties on horset kept for

\ hi purpose of ridings and on horses used in drawing certain carru \ ogfsy in reffect whereof any duty of excise is made payable.

ivjfoft gracious Sovereign,

W E, your majesty'j most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's publiok expenses, have freely and voluntarily refnlved to give and'grant unto your Majesty the new duties hereinafter mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be etiacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent irajesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and fromsepm*, after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven784., the sot bondred nd eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collect [°^pai!tto CD: and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto his Majesty; and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rates videlicet, and duties following; that is to say,

Every person who shall keep and use any horse, mare, or For every gelding, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of draw laddie horse, mg? any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise, or any ^, cj1h^orc^»( other carriage, by whatsoever name such carriage is now or nimon^os.^ hereafter 03ay be called or known, (for or in respect whereof any rate or duty, under the management of the commissioners of the excise, now is or are made payable by any statute now in force), shall yield and pay annually, for every such horse, mare, or gelding, the sum of ten Shillings:

: horse, mare, or gelding, entered to start or run for For every any" pi ate, prize, sum of money, or other thing whatsoever, the*orrc clerk ftmhcr/um of two pounds two shilling:

That every person exercising the trade and business of an Evcryiicensed horse dealer, within the cities of London and Westminster, the horse dealer weeklyjbuls of mortality, or within the borough of Southwark within the 4n thy cdunty of Surrey, and who (hah take out a licence to, use and etsrcife the said trade and business of an horse dealer, shall rough of yield and pay annuahy, to and for the use of his Majesty, his Southwark, heirs and successors, the sum of ten pounds: >ol. perann :

And every person exercising the said trade or business of an And every horse dealer, without the cities of London and Westminster, the such dealer weekly bills of mortality, or the borough of Southwark, in the e

county of Surrey, and who shall take out a licence to use and

exercise the said trade and business of an horse dealer, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuedeffors, the sum of five pounds.

O o % JJ. And

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 3u [1784;

II And, for the better and more effectually raifwg9 levying? cs lettings and paying the [aid duties herein before granted, be it eda$ dutiestobe ed, That the same shall be under the government, care, and na^rnent^f*managefnent f the commitlioners for the time being appointed the commit to manage the duties charged on damped vellum, paraimjenr, iioners of and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby requir (ump daties. ed and empowered to employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as shall be necessary, and to provide and use such marks or flumps as they shall think fit to denote the duty, and to repair, renew, and alter the same from time to time as they shall see occasion

> to do all other matters and things necessary to be done for putting this a<sl in execution with relation to the fakl duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning stamped vd lum, parchment, and paper.

Commission III And be it further enacted. That, from and after the era may grant passing of this act, any two or more of his majesty's comma

horf/dealcri fl0ners> appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps an or e cr«. ve]jum^ parchment, or paper, or some person duly authority by them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall apply for the same, to use and exercise the trade and business of aa horse dealer in any city, town, or other place within Groat bn tainy for the space of one year, to commence from the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufacd seven hundred and eighty-four, to commence from the day ccj Licences to be the date of every such licence; and all and every person and rcnjvcd an persons, who shall take out such licence for using and exercif nu ing the said trade and business of an horse dealer, shall, in order

to be exempted from the duty hereby imposed on any horse, mare, or gelding, kept and used by him, take out a firefli licence for another year, ten days at lead before the expiration of that year for which he shall have been so licensed, if he shall continue to use and exercise the said trade and business of an horse dealer; and. shall, in like manner, renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due onliicu licences, as long as he shall continue to use and exertilt the said trade and business of an horse dealer.

Certain words IV And be it further enacted, That every person exerclfin* to be wrote or the trade and business of an horse dealer, and who qiao have frontof°the*ta^en ut a licence for that purpose, shall cause the words LIkou(e or tta censed io deal in Horses, to be painted or written in large and blcs of every legible charaflers, either on a sign hung out, or on Tome vifiblfl hone dealer place in the front of his or their house, gateway, or (tables, at the respective places at which he or they keep such horses tot sale, to denote that such person is a dealer in horses, and Ikeru* ed for that purpose; and if any person, so licensed as aforefaii'' Ites

537

1784*] Anno vicesimo. quarto g&orgii III C 31;

shall presume to sell any horse without fixing or hanging out

such token as aforesaid, every licensed horse dealer so offending,

shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five on penalty of

pounds, to be recovered and distributed as herein after is di sf

redfed.

V And be it further ^nacted. That the owner of every horse, Two guinea mare or gelding, entered to start or run for any plate, prize, tobepaidpre sum of money, or other thirig, shall, previous to the entering clucringanv or darting such horse, mare, or gelding, pay the sum of two |lorfe run pounds two Shillings, as the duty for one year; which said mo for a plate, ney shall be paid, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc

ccnors, into the hands of the derk of the course, bookkeeper, or other person authorised to make the entry of such horse, mare, or gelding, being to start or run for such plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing, as aforesaid; if any owner on penalty of of such horse, mare, or gelding, shall, previous to the starting, ncgled or refuse to pay the said sum of two pounds two shillings, for such entrance, to the clerk of the course, bookkeeper, or other person authorised to make the entry as aforesaid, the owner or owners of every such horse, mare, or gelding shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied in such manner as herein after is directed.

VI And be it further enabled, That every clerk of the Penalty on course, bookkeeper, or other person, so receiving the said sum clerk of the of two pounds two Shillings, as entrance money, shall, within nedesine to fourteen days after the receipt thereof, give an account of all account with moneys received by him for horses so entered to start as afore distributor of

said, to the distributor of stamps in the county where the race was run, upon demand made by such distributor for the same, and producing his appointment as distributor under the hands and seals of three of the commissioners of his Majesty's stamp duties; and in case of not accounting for and paying the same, he shall, for every default in not delivering such accounts, pay the sum of one hundred pounds; and for every default of payment of the moneys due on such accounts, forfeit and pay double the amount of the moneys due on the said accounts at the time of such default.

VII And it is hereby enaested, That the said head diftribu Allowance to

tors of stamps, to whom such money shall be paid as aforesaid, m, ad£tof shall! make an allowance of one shilling in the pound to such courfe° clerk of the course, bookkeeper, or other personas aforesaid, C

all moneys so accounted for and paid by him to such diftri

btuor as aforesaid.

VIII And be it further enabled. That all and every person All person and persons who, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of keeping Septembtry one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall (ofhedotie* keep and use any horse, mare, or gelding, for the purpose of aforesaid, riding, or for the purpose of drawing any carriage subject to the within the duty of .excise as herein before is mentioned, for his, her, or bills of mor their own use, or the use of any person of or for whom he, (he,

or they, is, are, or shall be, committees, trustees, or guardian, Thereof to tbs; O o 3 if

53*

ft amp office, and pay the annual dudes:

And all persons keeping such horses, in any other

art of Great Britain, shall give notice thereof to the head distributors of iumps, C and pay the duties to them.

Persons keeping horses liable to the duties, are to give fresh notices, and pay the duties, annually.

Anno vicesimo quarto Gborgi! fl(.j C 31v

if living in London or lvefiminstery or within the limit! & die weekly bills of mortality, shall, Within twenty if&rftie said twenty-ninth day of September, or within ten dajri'aiftethe or (he shall begin to keep and use such horse, mare togcltfng, for riding or drawing as aforesaid, and so, from time to ie, within ten days after beginning to keep and ufc anybtber such horfc for riding or drawing respectively, notoeihg hi the see or (lead of any former one kept and used by him or her, aijof which notice has been given as aforesaid, and payment for the same; give notice in writing at the head office id London for (lamping and marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, tf his her, pr their keeping and using the same, and of the number of such horses so by him, her or them respectivetykept and used as aforesaid, and of the parish or place where be, (he, or they respectively reside, and (hah at the same time payufcwn the respective annual duties so imposed as aforesaid for keeping the same.

IX And be it further enabled, That all and evcyyperlbn and persons who, from and after the said twenty-ninth diy of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, will keep and use arty such horse, mare, or gelding, for tiding or drawing, as aforesaid, hereby charged with the said, duty, For his or her own use, or for the use of any person of or fair whom he, (he, or they shall be committees, trustees, orguardfeh\fe any other part of Great Britain, shall, within thirty <hj$ after the said twenty-ninth day of September, or within twenty days after he, (he, or they shall begin to keep and use futfi horse to hereby directed to be charged with the said duty, and fro tftfie to time within ten days after beginning to keep and'ufeaty other such horse for nding or drawing respectively, dpt Mng in the place or (lead of some former one kept and ufecibyhitn, and of which notic? has been given as aforesaid, ahd fr^ent made for the famei give notice in writing to the head aiufibu tors of (lamps in each county, or to their deputies refiditte next to the place where such person or persons, for wffofe ute the same shall be so kept, shall respectivdy inhabit, of his, her, or their keeping the same, and of the number of such horses so by him, her, or them respectively kept and used as aforefaj#, and of the parish or place where he, (he, or they rpfj^aiveiy rtfide, and shall at the same time pay down the respefliye/itiiid^i duties 4b imposed as aforesaid, for the keeping the same,

X And be it further enacted, That all and*every perses and persons who shall give, or be, obliged to give, fuci ^dticc as aforesaid, is and are hereby required, at or Wthin ^nty days after the expiration of twelve calendar months after the times of giving, or being obliged to give such first notftfe, to give a fresh notice in manner aforesaid, and pay dowp the re spective annual duties abovementioned, according to she.ilum ber of such horses so by him, her, or them re(pe&bejyihen kept, and in the same manner to renew such notice, and (rfckc such payment from year to year, as long as he, (he, ol rtw

(hill

tt Anno. vicesimo quarto Georgii IIL C 31,

>cricw5

539

any suchthorfes as aforesaid and if any person or, all f<j> keep any such horfc or horses, liable to the said juty^s aforesaid, without giving such first or other notice, and risking fitch payments yearly in manner aforesaid, he, she, or Penalty, hey halt, for every such horse, mare, or gelding, so kept and afeq by him, her, or them, and of which no notice shall have oeen given, and payment made as aforesaid respetsively, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds for each offence.

XL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No person such personas aforesaid shall be compelled to travel for the need go fur onakipg such entry, or the payment of the said duties, if he or |j|*rnthan to _ she live in a market town, out of the said town, or if he or she kc live out of a marker town, then to ho other place than to the making entry, market town nearest to his or her habitation. Ac.

XII And, for the better fecuritig the duty hereby imposed, be it further enacted, That the several collectors of the duties on Parish collec 'windows in every parish within Great Britain shall, and they toros duties re hereby directed to make out fair and correct lists, in writ to makeout ing, of the names of all the persons residing within their re proper list of fjpejftive parishes liable to the payment of the duties on win persons liable dows, together with the number of windows for which each to the raid person is charged withjl^e said duty, and to deliver the same to f "deii4rthe the distributor of (lamps, or his deputy residing in the nearest fam€ tothc market town in the same county where such parish shall lie, distributor who shall pay to such colledlor the sum of two Shillings for every of stamps hundred names contained in such lists, and foin proportion for any less number of names; and if such colledlor shall refuse on penalty of or neglect to return such lists (igned by him, or shall deliver in 51* any fraudulent or fictitious list, he shall forfeit and pay the sum. of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is (firedled.

XIII And be it further enabled. That the head distributor Distributor of of (lamps, or his deputy, to whom such lists shall be delivered stamp to call by such colledlor of the duties on windows, shall call at the on lucy dwelling house or place of abode of every person contained' in havenorregi such list, who shall not have registered any horse, mare, or ftered any gelding, liable to the duty hereby imposed, and shall make a horse, C demand of the duty if any such be due; and if any person shall d«mand refuse to pay the lame after such demand made, and shall be e ut)r> convicted of having kept and u fed any horse, mare, or gelding,

liable to the duty hereby imposed, such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIV And be it further enacted, That, upon the payment Names of the of the said duties so hereby granted at the said head office of persons pay stamps in London, or to the respective offices in the country, by

the several owners or proprietors of any such horse or horses er paitj liable to the said duty as aforesaid, the names of the persons foc. to been paying the same, and the number of horses by him or her re teredinare tpefttvely kept, and the name of the parish or place where he,

(fie, or they reside, shall be entered.in a register to be kept

o0.4.'the

ill'P

ment of the duties.

To wbat

horses this pft shall not extend

Anno vicesimo quarto Grorgji ML C 31; £17844'

the said head office of stamps, if in London and, if in the doao*try, by the said head distributors of stamps, or their deputies. Receipt? to be for that purpose, by the person so receiving the same j in da given of pay receipt shall be given to every person so paying such duties by the persons so receiving the same which receipt shall contain the number of the said register, the number of futh horses iu respectively entered and paid for the sum paid for the same, and the time for which such sum shall have been so paid, and be a discharge to the respective owners for such number of horses so paid for, wheresoever the same are respectively used.

XV And it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge with the said duties, any horse belonging to any non cotnmissioned officer or private fbi dier of any of the regiments of cavalry in his majesty's service, nor to any horse, mare, or gelding, belonging (o and. kept for sale, and not for hire, in the stables of any dealer in horses ji cenfwd pursuant to this act j nor to any horse, mare, or gelding, let to hire for travelling puft, by the mile, or from stagcf to stage, or let to hire for a day, or less period of time, by any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person licensed for that purpose by the commissioners appointed to manage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

XVI And be it further enacted, That the said officers at the head office of stamps in London, or their respectire officers in the country, shall, and they are hereby required, within thirty days after payment of the duty hereby imposed, t6 affix a true copy of the register herein before directed to be kept) on the door of the church belonging to the parish where the person or persons keeping and using such horse or horses shall reside; and if any person shall reside in any extra parochial place, then on the door of the parish church next adjoining; and in which register or list foto be affixed, shall be irtfortod the name of the person, and the number of the horses so paid for by such person, and the times when the same were so paid: and if any person or persons shall designedly and wilfully tear down, obliterate, deface, or destroy, such register and lift so affixed as aforfesaid, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings for each and every offence, to bfe recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

Clause relative XVII And be it further enacted, That in all cases where to persons who any persons shall have diverse places of residence, and shall keep at each such place any horse or horses chargeable with the duty by this act imposed, every such person shall, and is hereby required, within the space of one month after the payment of the said duties, if the same shall be paid at the head office in Lai dcny tp deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the (lamp officer in the market town nearest to such place of his or her residence, a duplicate of every such entry, or the register so made by such person, mentioning, at the foot of every such duplicate, the time when such original entry or register shall have been made, and the duties paid as aforesaid 3 upon pain that every such person

Copies of re g'iters to be affixed on church doors.

Penalty on defacing them.

keep horses at diverse

places of ie (ijenfe.

784^1 ia'nncrvicefirho quarto Georgii lit. C 31. 54t

on neglecting to deliver such duplicate shall, for every such of*ease, forfeit the sum of forty Shillings.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1

That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed shally be divided Penalties bow rnd distributed in manner following; that is to say, one moiety to be divided hereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons flhto shall inform and sue for the same. 3

XIX Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the au '

hority afore said, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Any neigh

my justice of the peace residing near the place where the of touring juf

rence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offencer

igainst this ail $ which said justice of the peace is hereby autho fcnces again

rized and required, upon any information exhibited, or com this a

plaint paade in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and

ilfo the witnesses on either (ide, and shall examine into the

matter offact; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the

voluntary confeffiot* of the party, or by the oath of one or more

zredible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for

the penalty'or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed,

and to award and issue out his warrants, under his hand

and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures Penalties majr

so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to ^jcv^cd

be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six

days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); arid where or theoffen

the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer commit

the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain tc

for the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty

shall be sooner paid and satisfied: if any person or persons Persons ag

shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of grieved may

any such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving;{£**

security to the amount of the value of such penalty and for om.

feiturc, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case such

judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace

at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, of

place, who are hereby impowfcred to summon and examine witj

neffes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same;

and in case th judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it

shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons

to pay costs occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall

seem meet.

XX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness Persons (amor witnesses, to give evidence before such justice or justices of onfd to ap the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, cither on the part of the prolocutor, or of the person or persons default, for accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and feit 40s.*place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refufiri, to be allowed & by such justice or justices of the peace before whom

the

r

54*

Justice maj mitigate pe

Duties to be paid to the receiver neral of

g€q(

samp duties, and by him paid into the exchequer

Auditor to provide a book for ert

tefeparafe1" rates an duties, anc Pa nt laid receipt as aforc&jtf, thill

kn an (armivata onn arn rf f r/mh 11 Atnai* rtianioe rai nir

Aooo vicesimo quirto G«PBAU m>£vg, s l7f4 the profecution shall be depending; that then every such percoa shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such meins, as are hercia before directed as to ojher penalties.

XXI Provided nevertheless. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, tc? mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, reafomkic cods and charges of the officers and informers, as well in flashing the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so as futph mitigation do not reduce the penalties to lets than a moiety of thepe naldes incurred, over and above the said cods and charges; anything contained in this act, or any other ad of parfianra, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaui. That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the tiro being of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, ?t*d paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of ratfing, paying, and accounting for the fatpe, being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and In such manner, a the duties now charged on damned vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, there shall be provided and fcepta. book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said jfcveftl

from all others.

Application

thereof.

be entered separate and apart from all other monies.paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccedbrs, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so paid into th said rccrianot exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of fbc several annuities, and all such other charges and expeoces as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to arviud of .this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for rsfug a artatn sum oj money by way of anmi\tm % and far ijlfibli/hibg a te ttry.)

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority Afpcafeid, That if any person or persons shall at any time ortip^sbefeed, may plead the moleded, or prosecuted for anything by him or them dope , «r general issue, executed in pursuance of this act, or of any dause, wsatter, or thing herein contained, such ptrfon or persons (bail or cnay plead the general idiie, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial .a yerdid.fluh pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff ordain tiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant, p^defend^s (bill have treble costs awarded to him or them agaioft fpefi pupmff or plaintiffs.

Defendants

nd have treble costs.

Cap.

7$4-] Anno ricesimo quarto Gbokgii lit. C 32-s-34. 543,

CAP. XXXII

na to postpone the payment of the sum of two .millions, advanced

&* the governor and company of the bank of England, towards the pplytot the service of the year One thousand seven hundred and cfgtity onfe.

Hft sf u Geo. % . C do. and u Geo. 3. C a. recited. Repayment of the um of, ooa, oool. to the bank postponed to Jan. 5, 1786^ Exchequer rilja rtttde out by virtue of this art to bear 3 percent, interest, until that period. Bills so issued not to be received again in payment of taxes; nor rx changed before Jan. 5, 1786. Action hot to he for fucti refund, rri*.

and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of any fuppiies to be granted for the year 1785; or charged on the sinking fund. Moneys so jtued to be replaced out of the first supplies.

CAP. XXXIII

An act for raising a certain sum of itaoney by loans or exchequer hills, for the service of the year one thousand ieven hundred and eighty-four.

Comm i (Boners of the treasury jmay raise 1, 500, 000!. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1785, as by malt tax a ft of last session, to be charged on the sinking fund. Moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies.

C a p. xxxiy.

Jn act for the relief of the east-india company with rtfpeft to the payment of certain sums due to the public, Uni to the acceptance of terrain bills drawn upon the foetid company, and for regulating the dividends to be made by the said company.

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England preamble.

trading to the East Indies, on and at sundry times before the first day of December, one thousand ftvtn hundred and eighty-three, became and now Jiand indebted to his Majesty, for duties of customs on goods imported, in fwufiy sums of money, amounting together to the sum of nine hundred twenty-three thousand five hundred and nineteen pounds five fbillings and twopence, after making certain deductions'and allowances to which, by lawj the said company are entitled,

ant due payment of the said customs on or before the respective days on Avhiih the same became due \ and the said company also ftani indebted 'to his Majesty in the further sum of one hundred thousand pounds,

1obicb became dice on the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, for the lost payment appointed to have been mddi in respect of the sum of four kindred thousand pounds, mentioned in an act made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Afajeflj9 intituled, An for establishing an agreement with Recital of 11 the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Geo. j. C 65. Indies, for the payment of the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for the use of the public, in full discharge and satis taeftion of all claims and demands of the public from the time .the bond debt of the said company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, until the first dqy of March, one

thousand'

'' by

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 34. £1784!

thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and/reeenues jajely obtained in the Eqjfi Indies, and also for securing to the public in respect thereof, for a term therein mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear.revenues and profits of the said company 1 and for gramme ing to the said company, for a further term, the foie, and cxdu five trade to and from the East Indies, and limits therein mentioned and for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the said company, as well in jnea as in Europe, and the recruiting the military forces of the said company: end whereas by the said act, made in, the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was, among ft aether things, enabled, That, from and after the first day of March, tu thousand seven hundred and eighty one, far and during fa long time as the said united company, under the authority of that act Should be entitled to the whole, foie, and exclusive trade and trqffick in, to, and from the East Indies, and places in the said all mentioned, the whole clear profits arifehg from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and expenses attending; the same, together tenth all the clear revenues and profits of the fold company, after providing for the current payment of interest, and other cut goings, charges, and expenses of the said company, Should, from time Co time, be disposed of and applied in manner therein and herein after mentioned y (that is to say) j it Should be lawful for the said united company to set apart and retain, in the first place, in each and every year, futb film as Should be equal to eight pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital stock of the said united company of thru millions two hundred thousand pounds $ and in case there Should remain a surplus of the said clear revenues and profits above the said sum of eight pounds per centum per annum, foto be retained by the said united company as aforesaid, three fourth parts of such fscrpbu profits Should be set apart and applied for the use of the public, and the remaining one fourth part thereof flyuld be rejerved and retained by the said united company for their own ufeand it was thereby further enabled. That it Should be lawful for the said united company to apply such money as they were therein before autborijed to retain to tktmjehcs, and also other money in the said all mentioned, in Use payment of dividends to the proprietors of the stock of the said united company, net exceeding the rate of twelve pounds ten billings per centum per annum; provided the bond debt of the said company did not at any such time exceed one million five hundred thousand pounds; and provided that they did not inertafe the present dividend of eight pounds per centum per annum, more than at the rate of one pound per centum in each and every year: and, in order to after tain the yearly net profits arising from the said united company's. trade and revenues, it was further enabled. That the said united company Should cause to be made out yearly, for each and every year, during the term theft in mentioned, with as much accuracy as the nature of the safe would admit, a fiatement of the profits and loss upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said united company, together with a fiou of the debts of the said united company in England, ran the first dar

545

784, 1 Anno victlimo quarto Georgii III C 34.

r March in every year, to the first day of March in each succeeding ?ar; which aid dceoimt was to he figfied and delivered to the com iij]i oners of his Majeslfs' treasury, or the high treofurer for the xme being, as therein is mentioned: and whereas, pursuant to the said act) such statement as therein is mentioned of the pt'ofit and lost pon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said united company ath been annually made up dnd delivered to the commissioners of hit vfaje/tfs treasury; and by the la ft of such accounts, made up from he first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty thret %

0 the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty our, tt appears, that after debiting and bringing forward the deft iencies of former years, and the said dividend of eight pounds pec entum, allowed to be retained by the company, there was a deficiency on the said account, up to the first day of March one thousand reven hundred and eighty-jour, of the sum of one hundred forty-one % houfand nine hundred and forty-one pounds: and whereas, besides '.he said debts due tt his Majesty, as aforesaid, the said company have been allowed to inctebft their bond debt to the amount of five hundred 'boufand pounds, over and above the sum of one million five hundred 'houfand pounds, mentioned in the said act of the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign \ and the said company also Jland indebted in the sum of three hundred thoufqnd pounds, lent and advanced to them upon fuhdry exchequer bills, which will become due and payable on the fxth day of April, one thou fond seven hundred and eighty six, the same having been made out and delivered to the said company, pursuant to an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his t>rejent Majesty, intituled, An act for granting relief to the united Recital of company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by Geo. allowing further tihie for the payment of certain sums due, and to become doe to the public, and by advancing to the said company, on the terms therein mentioned, a certain sum of money to be raised by loans or exchequer bills; and to enable the said company to make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the proprietors at Christmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three and to regulate the future payment of debentures of drawbacks on East India goods; by which said act it was tnafled. That, until the debts therein and herein before mentioned to be dtie to his Majesty Should be paid, the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds repaid, and the bond debt of the said company be agatn reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, the whole clear profits arijing from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and expenses attending the same, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, after pro viding for the current payment of interest, and other outgoings, charges, and exp cnees of the said ccmpatiy, and for such dividends to the proprietors of the stock of the said company, as they flmld be in titled or allowed to make, receive; and take, Should, from time to time, be disposed of and applied in manner following; (that is to say); in the first place, in diminution and payment of said debts due to his Majesty until the same Should be fully patd\ and afterwards, in diminution and payment of the said sum of three hundred

i thousand

$4$ Anno viotrfinw 111*. (fcrftt

thousand pounds and inured, and defraying tfofkawi) Weml

in respeff thereof', and then, in redyeing the bond, debt

company until the same Should be to one milieu five bunk.ti

thousand pounds: and wherea, and befidos said dehs&dutu

his Majesty, the said increased bond, and the fold exchequer Ms,

sundry bills of exchange have been drawn upon the court if of the said united company from their different prefidendfs and ftllk mentsin India, to the amount of one million six hundred and meats thousand pounds, or thereabouts, over and

the fafforyat China, and over and besides the thousand pounds a year in bills f allowed to be aueputtei

paid by the court of dir effort of the said company of their owneolb rity, and other bills of exchange are expeffed to be drama apt tie said court of direffors: and whereas it is expedient that a finite rtafonable time should be allewed to the cempany the payments 4 the debts due as afore said, on of their profits,

beyond a rtafonable dividend to the proprietors, being appropriated to such payments, at f aft as the same shall auy

it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, atfd by the|u commission thority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful od (ot r* of the the commissioners of his majesty's treasury for the time being, t"*furt may or any three or more of them, to poflpoae and show fortha company6fur time fr te payment of the said sum of nine hundred and there time for twenty-three thousand five hundred and nineteen pounds payment of Shillings and twopence, which became due for.custonas pt/ucb the rums due several times as herein before are mentioned; and of tbt W lick but not fum°f one hundred thousand pounds, which became due on beyond Jan. the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and i, 17ss. eighty one, or any part or parts of the said feveraj (urn rtfjnc tively, unto such time or times as they shall think: fit, m beyond the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred tad eighty six; and if the said united company do and (had ptj the said funis respectively, at such time or times to which tk (lid payments, or any part thereof, respectively shall bepotj poned as aforesaid, the same shall be accepted and received ta like manner as if the said furns respectively had been psidpust before the several and respective days on which the (bid ism became due; and the said united company, upon fiicl^pj* ment at such postponed time or times, shall be freed and do charged from all damages, interest, and Losses, which they U came liable to by means of not having made the said p«ys**b respectively at the several times on which the same bscasaedw; and shall be iutitled unto, and have the same difcoont*, hances, and advantages, as if the said sums re(pe&ivdy hsdfeffl paid on or before the (cveral and refpcdiive dayton which, tkj became due; anything in any act oracts of parliaoteat to yty tyife notwithstandiflg.

II And be it further enabled bj ihe authority..afot^ud i Tim

^ooqie

ry&yj aan^v&fcfi^ c.34; £47

Phat It shall and (nay be lawful to and for the court of direst directorswith, nrsof thfe fald doited company, by and with rhe consent and confer of probation of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury sot commissioners he time being, or any three or more of them, to accept and f^yvc af the said bills of exchange drawn and to be drawn upon cept certain hem as aforesaid, at such time or times respectively, and upon bills of ex tich terms and conditions, and with such interest, as the faict change, C rdmmilwonefs of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or iny three or vmore of them, shall think fit, and shall allow by periring under their hands.

III Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted. That the said priority in rommissioners of the treasury, in so adjusting and settling the payment of >ayrtlthts t>f the said bills of exchange, shall give a priority in such bills, tie refpdftive payments, according as the same would have ac hoi b.c.. "rued if the said bills had been discharged in regular course; dueju C

egard therein being had to the several dates of the said bills, to

: he times when the same were several ly tendered for acceptance, m.d.. to the respective periods in which they were originally made payable.

IV And, in order to make proper provision, and give security to > he creditors of the said company for we payment of the said debts, be

t fdrther enacted by the authority aforesaid. That until the The clear re said debts due to his Majesty, and the said bills of exchange, to venues and be accepted with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, Profit of shall be paid, the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds, t^pj^ied in borrowed on the said exchequer bills, repaid, and the bond manner tol debt of the said company be again reduced to one million five lowing t httadfedlhoufand pounds, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial aequifitiohs and revenues, after defraying the rharges and expenses attending the same, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, after pro? vidiflg for the said bills of exchange to be accepted with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, together with the current payment of interest, and other outgoings, charges, and expenses of the said company, shall, from time to time, bedisposed of and applied in manner following; (that is to say, ) it (hay For making it and may be lawful to and for the said united company to fet dividend of apart and retain, in the first place, in each and every year, such g Pcrceot.* fern a a shall be equal to eight pounds per centum per annum, ^r^°prl* i»pon the capital stock of the said united company of three*milhorts two hundred thousand pounds; and the said company shall and may, from time to time, make dividends to the pro phfettfrs of the stock of the said company, not exceeding the rltfe of eight pounds per centum per annum, notwithstanding any (King contained in the said recited alts, or either of them; and, rfr'the nefet place, the said clear profits shall be applied in pay n payinent # ftients of the said debts due to his Majesty, and the said three the debts due mrtvdfcd thousand pounds, borrowed upon the said exchequer to his Majesty, bills, and the interest and charges thereof; and from and after C such payments as aforesaid shall be made, then in diminutitrti and payment of the bond debt of the said company, amtil the^'

same '

4*

Deficiency in the annual account, ending March V 178^, to be carried forward at a charge in the account of the present year.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii Ilf. C

same shall be reduced to the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds; and from and after such reduction of the said bond debt, such division of the said profits between the public and the said united company shall again take place and be resumed, as is mentioned in the said a of the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said deficiency of one hundred forty-one thousand nine hundred and forty-one pounds, appearing in the said annual account made up to the fird day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be carried forward as a charge in the account of the present year; and in case any deficiency shall appear in the account of any subsequent year, during the continuance of the participation between the public and the company, mentioned in the said a of the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, such deficiency shall, from time to time, be carried forward to, and charged in, the account of the then next year.

CAP. XXXV

An act to empower the bishop of London for the time beings or any other bishop to be by him appointed, to admit to the order of deacn. or priejiy per font being fubiesh or citizens of countries out of his Majeslfs dominions, without requiring them to fate the oath of allegiance as appointed by law.

Preamble. WHEREAS, by the laws of this realm every person who Shall be admitted to holy orders is to take the oath of ailegianie in manner thereby provided; and whereas there are diverse per1fens, Subjects or citizens of countries out of his Majeslfs dominions, inhabiting and rejiding within the said countries, who profess the public worship of almighty God according to the liturgy of that church of England, and are deftrous that the word of God and the sacraments, Should continue to be adminijlered unto them accord the bishop of to fim liturgy, by subjectsor citizens of the said countries London, or ordained according to the form of ordination in the church of eng anyother bi land; be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by shop by him and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem ma^admit porau an commons, in this present parliament artembled, alienstothe anc ty authority of the same. That, from and after the order of dea parting of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the bi con or priest, ship of London for the time being, . or any other bishop by him r^wn uthec*r to^app°'ntcc**to admit to the order of deacon or pried, for. the oatito/aue purposes aforesaid, persons being subjects or citizens of countries

fience. cut of his majesty's dominions, without requiring them to

'erfons so or take the oath of allegiance.

dained, not to II Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That no per office in his f°n» Gained n tl1c manner herein before provided only, shall Majesty'i do be thereby enabled to exercise the office of deacon or pried minions. within his majesty's dominions.

III PIC

tp84»3 Anno vicesimo quarto gkorgii III <?, 3^. 549

III Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the The name 4 letters testimonial ot such orders, there shall be inserted the nd country, name of the perfoo so oretained, with the addition of the coun pecr'fonordain* try whereof he is a subject or citizen, and the further deferipti ed to be in on of his not having taken the said oath of allegiance, being ferted in the exempted from the obligation of so doing by virtue of this act.

CAP. XXXVI

Am oft sot repeating the ptefent duties upon toast candles maii in Great Britain; and for granting, in lieu thereof, other duties upon vase candles made in Great Britain, and upon wax imported, and upon licences to make or sell wax candles in Great Britain.

WH E REAS, by an act of parliament made in the eighth year Preamble.

of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, (An act for laying Rccitai Ja certain duties upon candles, and certain rates upon moneys to s Anne, C 9. be given with clerks and apprentices, towards raising her majesty supply for the year one thousand seven hundred and ten, ampng other things, during the term of five years from the first day of May, one thousand fiven hundred and ten, a duty of fourpence for every pound weight avoirdupois was imposed on oil candles of wax, or usually called or sold for wax candles, (notwithfianding the mixture of any other ingredients therewith, ) which Should be made in Great Britain; and by another act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An act for reviving, and9Annej continuing, and appropriating, certain duties upon several C commodities to be exported C and certain duties upon coals to be water born and carried coastwise j and for granting further duties upon candles, for thirty-two years, to raise fifteen hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eleven; and for suppressing such unlawful lotteries, and such insurance offices, as re therein mentioned, ) an additional duty of fourpence for every sound weight avoirdupois was, during thirty-two years, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eleven, imposed on all candles of wax, or ufuftlly called or sold for wax candles, (notwithfianding the mixture of any other ingredients therewith)) Should pe made in Great Britain; which said duties offour pente per pound, and fourpence per pound, have since, by other acts of parliament, been continued for ever: and whereas the fraudulent practice of making wax candles in secret and obscure places, without payment of duty, has of late greatly increased, to the prejudice of the fair trader, and the injury of the revenuf, 1

which fraudulent practice cannot so effectuolly be prevented as by lowering the duties on wax candles made in Great Britain, and by imposing an additional duty on all wax imported into Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituai aid temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflerabled,

Vol. XXXIV P p % and

55b Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii lit; c.36. [ 1784;

F i oin Sept. 1, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the 1784, thidu -- ciay of September, one thousand seven hundred and cun dletto* eighty-four, the aforesaid duties of fourpence, and fourpence,

ecafe. for every pound weight avoirdupois on all candles of wax, or

usually called or sold for wax candles, made in Great Britamy shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering any of the aforesaid duties which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture incurred before or upon the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

a it' it d Ik Andy to the intent that no deficiency may happen, by the de thereof, the termination of the said duties, in the respective funds to which theft following du duties were appropriated, be it further enacted by the authority ties shall be aforesaid, That there shall be answered and paid to his Majesty, paid, vide his heirs and successors, the several duties herein after mention lcct* edj that is to say;

For all wax For and upon all wax which, after the said first day of sep imported, tembery shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Greet after Sept, i, Britain, over and above all customs, subsidies, and other duties tion^daty of a^rca^y imposed thereupon, the sum of twopence for every ad. per 7 pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or pound. lesser quantity; the said duty for and upon all imported wax to be paid down in ready money by the importers thereof, before the landing the same:

For all wax And lhah h raised, levied, collected, and paid to his candles made Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon ail candles in Great Bri of wax, or usually called or sold for wax candles, not with tam, a duty of (landing the mixture of any other ingredients therewith, ) pouncl which, after the said first day of September, shall be made in F*Great Britahy the sum of threepence for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity: And for fper And there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his maceti can Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all candles made dies, 3d. per of spermaceti, or usually called or sold for spermaceti candles, pound. (notwithstanding the mixture of any other ingredient therewith, ) which, after the said first day of September, shall be made in Great Britain, the sum of threepence for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or Icffer quantity.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforefiih},

New duty up That the said duty upon imported wax by this act granted, ported^o^be* a^rtained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, and an jfevied and re fwered, by such rules, ways, and means, and under such pe covered in the nalties and forfeitures, and in such manner and form as the same manner present duties upon wax imported are, by any law or statute duties.prclent now n forcc>to be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, or answered.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforefetd,

C That

I

*784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georg 11ilf. C 36. 551

"That the duties by this at imposed upon wax imported, shall The duties besubjetf and liable to the additional duties or imports of five up°n wax i, n pounds per centum, ?nd five pounds per centum, several ly impof jiab^to the^ ed by the acts respectively made in the nineteenth and twenty additional 5 iecond years of the reign of his present Majesty, upon the proper cents, im duce and amount thereof; and that such additional duties or pof«d by 19 imports of five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner, C^and under the same rules and regulations, powers and authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the said additional duties or imports are, by the said acts of the nineteenth and twenty second years of his present majesty's reign, directed to be collected and paid.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That such of, the duties imposed by this act upon imported wax And shall be IBS shall arise in England, jvalesy and the town of Berwick upon ot^

Tweed, shall be under the management of the commissioners commifli* and officers df the customs in England; and such of the duties oners of cuf* imposed by this act upon imported wax as shall arise in Scotland toms, shall be under the management of the commissioners and officers of the customs in Scotland; and all the moneys arising by and be paid the duties imposed by this act on wax imported into Great Bri into ihe ex tainy (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for thecbe<fuer" Tame excepted, ) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his majest/s exchequer at Westminster, and ate hereby appropriated and shall be applied, one moiety thereof to the same Application uses and purposes, in such manner and under such regulations, thereof, as the moneys arising by the duties imposed, by the aforesaid act of the eighth year of Queen Anne, upon imported wax candles, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied; and the other moiety thereof to the same uses and purposes, in 'such manner, and under such regulations, as the moneys arising by the duties imposed, by the said act of the ninth year of Queen Anne, upon imported wax candles, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied

VI Provided always and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, upon the exportation of any wax from this Exporters of kingdom to any port or place beyond the seas as merchandise, wax which the exporter shall be paid and allowed a drawback of the has pad tl, e^duties paid upon the importation of such wax, by virtue of this aufjmo* adfc, which drawback or allowance shall be made in such man be allowed a ner, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfei drawback of tures, in all respects, as any former drawback or allowance, the payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of

wax, was, could, or might be made before the passing this adh

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

that all such candles of wax, or usually called or sold for wax Candles seized candles, as, from and after the first day of September, one thou for nonpay. sand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be seized on impor, ?ent du "tation or otherwise, and be legally condemned for nonpayment bfok°n

P P 2 9i'>

552 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 36. [17*4.

of the duties thereon, shall, immediately after such condemnation, be broken, or otherwise defaced, and rendered uofit for

use.

M, . VIII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority

candle made aforesaid, That the duties by this act imposed for and upon au in Great Bri wax candles made in Great Britain, shall, from time to time, t, ain, to be lebe raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such covered th ways anc means an un<^er such management, and under such famyma'nner* Penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and a the former mitigating penalties, and forfeitures, and with such power of duties. making compoiuions and other powers, and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, and in such method, manner, and form, as the duties upon candles made in Great Britain, granted by the aforesaid acts of the eighth and ninth years of the reign of Queen Anney are by those acts, or Powers of the by any law or statute thereby referred unto, or since made, to ad*ofsand be raised, received, levied, recovered, or secured; and that9Antic, C the said acts, and all the clauses, penalties, forfeitures, powers in execubcmc authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things, therein con ot this act. tained, or thereby referred unto, or since enacted, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for the duties upon candles made in Great Britain thereby granted, are by force of this act continued, and shall be practised and put in execution for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for the duties on wax candles made in Great Britain hereby granted, and for making allowances out of the same, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in this present act.

From Sept. 1, IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1784. a duty That, from and after the said first day of September, there shall eve^unto S ma3efty> his heirs and successors, a duty of licence for ve pounds for every licence to be taken out, in manner herein making wax after mentioned, by every peffon making wax candles or fper or spermaceti maceti candles within Great Britain; and a duty of five hill candles, and jngs for, every licence to be taken out, in manner herein after isc^cefor*1^ mentioned, by every person whatsoever trading in or selling selling there wax candles or spermaceti candles wirhin Great Britain. of. X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

The inland That the several duties by this act imposed upon wax candles duties to be and upon spermaceti candles made in Great Britain, and upon licences to make wax candles or spermaceti candles, and licen posts dpc per ces to trac, e nor^wax cane*les or spermaceti candles, shall cent, imposed be subject and liable to the additional duties or imposts of five by 19 Geo. 3. pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per C5, 11 centumy feveraily imposed by the acts respectively made in the

t*geo/5*0. n*netc^nth, twenty first, and twenty second years of the reign 66, upon the' of his present Majesty, upon the produce and amount there amountthere of; and that such additional duties or imposts of five pounds^per centvmy five pounds per centumy and five pounds per centum

shall bt raised, levied, collected, and paid, iti the (ame many ner,

st

7 84.3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 3

er, and under the same rules and regulations, powers and authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the said additional luties or imposts are by the said acts of the nineteenth, twenty irft, and twenty second years of his present majesty's reign di ected to be collected and paid.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, After Sept, i. That, from and after, the said first day of September, no person ^nfo^aktor r persons whatsoever who now doth, or at any time hereafter sell wax or hall make, or trade in, or sell any wax candles or spermaceti spermaceti randies, shall presume, by him, her, or themselves, or by any >rher person employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or ou a nc*heir benefit, either publicly or privately, to make, trade in, hr sell any wax candles or spermaceti candles without first tak ng out a licence in manner herein after mentioned, before he,

(he, or they shall make, or trade in, or sell any wax candles or spermaceti candles; and such person shall, immediately upon taking out such licence, pay down for the same respectively the sum of money after mentioned; that is to say, the sum of five Licence for pounds for a licence to make wax candles or spermaceti can making. 51, dies, and the sum of five Shillings for a licence to trade in or forfeiting, 5s. fell wax candles, or spermaceti candles; and, if such licences At what shall be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise places licences. in London, then such licence shall be granted under the hands arctobetaken and seals of two or more of his Majesty's commissioners for the out duties of excise for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise lhail from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the respective duty for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in London; and if such licences shall be taken out in any part of England or tvaksy not within the said limits, then such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors or supervisors of excise within their respective collections and districts, and the re foective duty of five pounds or five Shillings shall be paid for such licences to the collector of excise within whose collection such licence shall be so granted; and in case such licence shall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, such licence shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of his majesty's commissioners of excise in Scotland, for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise in Scotland shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the respective duty for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh; and if such licences shall be taken out in any other part of Scotland without the limits aforesaid, then?

such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and iupervifors of excise within their respective collections and districts, and the respective duties for the same shall be paid to the collectors of excise within whose collection such licence shall be so granted; and such respective commiflt oners of excise, and the persons foto be appointed by them respectively, and also all such collectors and supervisors, are here by respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such

P p 2^licences

vjock^ic y

Dually,

Anno vicesimo quarto georgiliii. C 36. [1784, .

licences respectively to the persons who shall 'apply for the same, upon payment of five pounds for a licence to make wax candles or spermaceti candles, or upon payment of five Shillings for a licence to trade in or sell wax candles or spermaceti candles.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Licences to be That every person or persons who shall takeout any such licence renewed anas aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh licence,

ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve calendar months after taking out the first licence, before he, (he, or they pretume to make wax candles or spermaceti candles, or to trade in or sell wax candles or spermaceti candles, and in the same manner shall renew every such licence from year to year, paying down the like sum of five pounds for every new or renewed licence to make wax candles or spermaceti candles, and the like sum of five Shillings for every new or renewed licence to trade in or sell wax candles or spermaceti candles, in manner and at the places and times before mentioned; and if any person or persons shall, after the said first day of September, presume or offer to make any wax candles or spermaceti candles without first taking out a licence for making the same, or to trade in or sell any wax candles or spermaceti candles w ithout first taking out a licence for trading in or selling the same, and without renewing such respective licence yearly, in manner aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds for each offence.

XIII Provided always. That persons in partnership, and not obli td to carryin8 on l^e*r trace or business of making or of trading in or take°out*more filing wax candles or spermaceti candles in one house or shop than one LI only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one licence for

making, or more than one licence for selling, in any one year; and that no licence granted by virtue of this a(hail authorise any person or persons to make, or trade in, or sell any wax candles or spermaceti candles, in any other house or place than such house, or places thereto belonging, wherein, he, (he, or they lhalj dwell at the time of granting such licence.

XIV Provided alio. That no person that shall take out a licence for making wax candles or spermaceti candles, and shall pay the said duty of five pounds for the same for one year, shall be obliged to take out a licence for trading in or selling wax candles or spermaceti candles, or to pay the said duty of five Shillings during the same year; but it shall be lawful for such person or persons so taking out such licence for making wax candles or spermaceti candles, and paying the said duty for the same, to trade in or sell wax candles or spermaceti candles during the year he, (he, or they shall be so licensed to make the same, without taking out any other licence for trading in or selling wax candles or spermaceti candles.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That such of the said duties as are charged upon licences in Englcndy jvaleiy or the town of Berwick upsn Tweedy shall be

under

Every person who shall make or sell such candles without taking out a licence, or renewing the same, to forfeit 201.

Persons in partner/hip

ceuce, C

Persons who have taken

out a licence for making such candles, may sell the same without any other licence.

Dmies on licences to be

1784.] Anno vkttsimo quarto Georgii IIL C 364

ander the management of the commissioners and officers of hie Vlajesty's revenue of excise in England; and such of the said duties as are charged upon such licences in Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners and officers of excise in Scotland \ and all the moneys arising by the said licences, and by. the duties by this act imposed upon wax candles or spermaceti randies made in Great Britain (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the .same excepted, ) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at ^estminster y and are hereby appropriated and shall be applied, one moiety thereof to the same uses and purposes, in such manner, and under such regulations, as the moneys arising by the duties imposed by the aforesaid act of the eighth year of que?n jlnne^ upon wax candles made in Great Britain, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied; and the other moiety thereof to the same uses and purposes, in such manner and under such regulations, as the moneys arising by the duties imposed by the aforefaic} act of the ninth year of Queen Anne, upon wax candles made in Great Britain, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied.

XVI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Xfiat all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by any at, statute, or law, made and now in force, relating to his majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the excise or inland duty or duties upon candles, or upon any licences granted by the commissioners of excise or inland duties, shall be practised, used, 'and put in execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said duties by this act imposed upon wax candles and upon spermaceti candles made in Great Britain, and upon licences for making wax candles or spermaceti candles, and licences for trading in or selling wax candles or spermaceti candles, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re enacted in this present act.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this act shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster> or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty''heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform, sue for, or discover the same.

XVIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced a

JP p 4 gainst

555

under the management of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer. Application thereof.

All the powers and penalties in former as relative to the inland duties on candles, to be in force in the execution of this a.

Penalties and

forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied.

Limit a tic actions.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 37. [1784! gainst any person or persons for any matter or thing by him, her, or them done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this act such actcion or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defendants in such General utue, altion or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by authority of this at; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants Treble cofti. ave tr^le costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. xxxvil.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional rates of fojiage for conveyance of litters and packets, by, the poji, within the kingdom of Great Britain; for preventing frauds in the re venue, carried on by the conveyance of certain goods in Utters and packets; and for further preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free from postage.

Preamble.

From Alight, 1784., the following additional rate of postage to be taken for all letters and packets in Great Britain' videlicet.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising, by the most easy means, the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that It may be enaested; and be it enafied by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the thirty first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, it shall and may be lawful to and for his majesty's postmaster general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorised, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of all such letters and packets which he shall coq vey, carry, or send post within the kingdom of Great Britain, according to the several rates and Turns hereafter mentioned, the same being rated by the letter or by the ounce, in addition to all other rates and duties, now payable for the conveyance of letters and packets by the post within the said kingdom, by any act or acts of parliament now in force; that is to lay;

V For

!4*] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 37. 557

'or the port and conveyance of every Angle letter, so con For one posted or carried by the post as aforesaid, not exceeding one fta8c sin, e Die post stage from the office where such letter may be put leur within the said kingdom of Great Britain, the sum of one ny: <

"or every double letter, twopence: Double, d.

ror every treble letter, threepence; Treble, jd.#

And for every ounce in weight, fourpence; and foin pro Ounce wt. Id. tion for every packet of deeds, writs, or other things:

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, con Two p°ft

ed or carried by the post above one post stage, and not ex

eding two post stages, from the office where such letter pay £n|je ict^r#

put in, within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain id.

led England, the sum of one penny: Double, sd

Tot every double letter, twopence: Treble, 3d.

For every treble letter, thrte pence: Ounce wt.

And for every ounce in weight, fourpence; and foin pro tion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things :

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, con Eighty miles t ed or carried by the post above two post stages, and not ex smer9 ding eighty English miles, distant from the office where such er may be put in, within that part of the said kingdom of eat Britain called. England, the sum of one penny:

For every double letter, twopence: Double, d.

For every treble letter, threepence: Treble, 3d.

And for every ounce in weight, fourpence; and foin pro? ouncewt.|d. 'tion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things :

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, con

red or carried by the post above eighty English miles, and not, d. 9

reeding one hundred and fifty English miles distant from the

ce where such letter may be put in, within that part of the

i kingdom of Great Britain called England, the sum one

iny:

For every double letter, twopence: Double, td.

For every treble letter threepence # d.

And for every ounce in weight, fourpence; and foin pro Ounce wt*4<l

>tion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And. for the port and conveyance of every single letter, con ab°tei*°l red or carried by the post above one hundred and fifty eng miles distant from the office where such letter may be put 1 within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called gland, the sum of twopence:

For every double letter, fourpence: Double, 4d.

For every treble letter, sixpence; Treble, 6d.

And for every ounce in weight, eight pence; and foin pro Ounce wt«sd. 'tion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And for the port or conveyance of every single letter, con From London red or carried by the ]oft from the general postoffice in the to Edinburgh, / of London, unto the city of Edinburgh, in that part of eat Britain called Scotland, or from thence to the said generallctwr# L ft office in the said city of London, and to and from Dumfries

and

Double, sd. Treble, 3d. Ounce wt.4d.

Fifty English miles, (in Scotland j) single letter, id.

Double, ick Treble, 3d. Ounce wt. 4th

Eighty miles; single letter, id.

Double, id. Treble, 3d. Ounce'wt. 4d.

150 milee; fiigle letter, id.

Double, id. Treble, 3d. Ounce, wt.4d.

Abate 1 50 toiler, Angle letter, id.

Double, 4d. Treble, 6d. Ounce wt. Sd.

Anno vicesimo quarto georgii III C 37* [*784.

and Cockburnfpeth, and between either of those places and the said city of Edinburgh, the sum of one penny:

For every double letter twopence: :

every treble letter, threepence:

And for every ounce in weight, fourpence; and foin proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things :

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, conveyed, or carried by the post above one port stage, and not exceeding fifty English miles, distant from the office where such letter may be put in within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of one penny:

For every double letter, twopence:

For every treble letter, threepence:

And for every ounce io weight, fourpence; and foin proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things :

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, conveyed or carried by the post above fifty English miles, and not exceeding eighty English miles distant from the office where such letter may be put in, within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of one penny;

For every double letter, twopence:

For every treble letter, threepence:

And for every ounce in weight, fourpence; and foin proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter conveyed or carried by the post above eighty English miles, and not exceeding one hundred and fifty English miles, distant from the office where such letter may be put in, within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of ore penny:

For every double letter, twopence: :

every treble letter, threepence: :

for every ounce in weight, fourpence; and (bin proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, conveyed or carried by the post above one hundred and fifty Eng iijb miles distant from the office where such letter may be put in, within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of twopence:

For every double letter, fourpence i For every treble letter, sixpence:

And for every ounce in weight, eight pence; and foin proportion for every packet of writs deeds, or other things.

heftrtfttom II Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no letter relative to or packet (not pafiing through London, ) to or from Glasgow, or leucrstoor the intermediate places by the way of Carlijle, shall pay an frorng a gow, higher rat€ Of p0ftage than if the same had passed through Edinburgh, to or from Glasgow; and that no letter of packet, paffing to or from Edinburgh, or any intermediate places in England and Scotland north of Landau mall be subject to an higher rate of, postage

559.

84*3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 37' stage than seven pence for a Angle letter, and foin pro >rtion.

III Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no tter or packet, together with the contents thereof, shall be xed or rated at an higher rate of postage, according to the tes and duties granted by any former at or acts of parlia lent, or by this present act, than as a treble letter, unless the me shall be one ounce in weight; and that all letters and ackets of the weight of one ounce shall be rated as four Angle tters, and foin proportion for every quarter of an ounce above the weight of one ounce, reckoning each quarter of an unceas a Angle letter.

IV Andy for the prevention of frauds on the revenue, by the im ir tat ion into this kingdoniy in letters or packets sent by the pofly of oods which are prohibited to be importeiy or on the importation r which a duty is payable; be it further enacted, That from and fter the passing of this act, whenever any foreign letter or acker, containing any enclosure, shall be received at any of the ffices of the general poll office, it shall and may be lawful for ny of the officers employed in the said office to carry such let er or packet to any justice of peace, or other magistrate for the own, district, or county, in which such office shall be Atuatc, nd to make oath before such magistrate, that he fufpedts the ame to contain goods which are prohibited to be imported, or n the importation of which a duty is payable; and it shall hen be lawful for him, in the presence of the said magistrate, to rut with a penknife in and through the folds of the said letter r packet, and its enclosure or enclosures, one opening or slit not exceeding two inches ih length; and if it shall then appear to the said magistrate that any such goods as aforesaid ire contained therein, he shall proceed forthwith to open the "aid letter or packet, and shall immediately, in presence of the "aid officer, destroy such goods; and in such case, the magis rate shall enclose such letter or packet in a cover, in which shall be written an attestation Agned by him, containing the name of the officer by whom such letter or packet shall have been brought to him, the time of its been so brought, and the quantity and description of the goods found therein, and attesting that the same were then by him destroyed, and shall deliver the said letter or packet so inclofecj, and also sealed by him, to the said officer, to be by him forwarded to the commissioners of his ajajesty's customs, who shall, on the receipt thereof, cause to be paid to the said officer any furt not exceeding Ave pounds, nor less than ten Shillings.

V And be it further enabled. That if, on making such opening as*aforesaid in such letter or packet, no such goods shall be found therein, the said magistrate shall then enclose the same in a cover, with an attestation Agned by him, that the opening in such letter or packet was maae in his presence, and shall deliver the same, sealed up, to the said officer, to be transmitted by the ordinary course of the pod to the person or persons to

whom

No letter under one ounce to be charged higher than at a treble letter

Directions relative to foreign letters suspected of containing prohibited goods, Sees

If any such goods found therein they are to be destroyed.

If no such goods are found, the magistrate shall indofe the letter in a cover, with a proper at tcttatioa.

C 37* c«784-j

directed when n

l»c that nrt '

Mot to extend to the penny

K

Act Goo. 3,

C Sf

Meftinftione relative to franking let i by mem

Whit letters directed to members of

empted from poluge.

Anno vicesimo quarto georgii IIL G

whom such letter or packet shall have been directed was received at the postoffice: provided always. That no additional postage shall be charged on any such letter or packet ur cpnfequence of these proceedings, nor shall any letter or packet*be detained thereby beyond the due and regular course of the post, except in cases of the most urgent necessity.

VI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, or in anywise to affect the rates or sums to be paid for letters or packets passing by the carriage called Tot Penny Post.

VII And whereas, notwithstanding the several provisions made m an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majestjx intituled, An act for preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free firoha the duty of postage, diverse persons have presumed to counterfeit the handwritings and otherwise fraudulently to make use of the names ef members of parliament in thefuperscription of letters and packets seat by the post, with intent to avoid the payment of the dutg of postage \ order therefore to put the more effectuaf (lop to these frauds and abuses, be it further enacted. That, from and after the end of this present session of parliament, so long as the revenue arising in the general letter office, or postoffice, or office of postmaster general, shall continue to be carried to, and made part of, the aggregate fund, no letter or packet, fern by the pod from any place whatsoever within the kingdom of Great Britans directed by any member of either of the two houses of parliament of Great Britain, shall be exempted from paying the doty of postage according to the rates established by the several assis of parliament now in force, and by this present act, unless the whole superscription upon every letter or packet so fern shall be of the hand writing of the member directing the same, and shall have endorsed thereon the name of such member, together with the name of the post town from which the same is intended to be sent, and the day, month, and year, when the same shall be to be put into the postoffice, the day of the month to be in words at length, and the whole to be of the hand writing of the member 5 and also unless every such letter or packet shall be put into the general postoffice, or other postoffice, or into any receiving house or place appointed by his majesty's postmaster general for the receipt of letters and packets to be forwarded by the post, on the day of the date'put upon such letter or packet; and no letters or packets directed to any member of either of the two houses of parliament of Great Britain shall be exempted from paying the duty of postage, unless such letters and packets as shall, during the sitting of any session of parliament, or within forty days before, or forty days after any summons or prorogation of the same, be directed to any such member at the place where he shall actually be at the time of the delivery thereof, or at his usual place of residence in London or

at

- )ogle

34*1 Anno vlcdimo quarto Georgii 111. C 37. 561

the house of parliament, or the lobby of the house of parlia nt, of which he is a member.

VIII And be it enacted, That the several persons who, by Personrwho, tue of any at or hdts of parliament, are authorised, in right by virtue of their respective offices and employments, to send and receive their CC ters free from the duty of pottage, and their successors in such tovnd and [ices and employments, shall and may, during their cohtinu receive letters ce in such offices and employments, respectively send and re duty free, ive letters and packets free from the duty of pottage, in the j? northeast manner, and under such reftridlions, as any member of de^hc°(arae" her house of parliament may send and receive the same in restrictions as irfuance of this act; and shall and may respectively send and members of ceive votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed newfpa parliament, rrs, free from the duty of pottage in such and the like mane it as any member of either house of parliament may send and ceive the same; provided always. That nothing herein con Not to extend ined shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the delivery to the penny: letters or packets sent or conveyed by the carriage called The 'enny Post.

IX And be it further enacted, That if any person whatfo Penalty on ver shall, from and after the end of this present session of par counterfeiting ament, forge or counterfeit the hand writing of any person ^rcit|ng rhatsoever, in the superfeription of any letter or packet to be anypmonin: nt by the post, in order to avoid the payment or the duty of the feper ostage, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall procure feription of

0 be forged, counterfeited, or altered, the date upon the fu to^valio

erfeription of any such letter or packet, or shall write and send duty of

y the post, or cause to be written and sent by the post, any pottage.

etter or packet, the superfeription or cover whereof shall be

orged or counterfeited, or the date upon such superfeription or

over altered, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of post

ige, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered;

very person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due

brm of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be

ranfported for seven years.

X And be it further enacted, That the several rates and Duties to bs luties herein before granted shall be paid, from time to time, paid to the nto the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the receiver ge joft office, who shall pay out of such rates and duties (the northeast office j: e(tary charges of cohering, paying, and accounting for the and by him ame being first deduced) the full, clear, and entire weekly sum paid into th )f two thousand three hundred pounds, of lawful money of Great c*c*ie(lucr* Britain, into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purposes in

his act mentioned, upon Tuefdoy in every week, if it be not an loliday, and if it be, then upon the next day that is not an holy day, as one week shall successively and immediately follow and succeed another; the first of the said weekly payments to begin ind be made on Tuesday the thirtieth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and in case the rates and duties hereby granted shall not be sufficient to answer the said weekly payments hereby directed to be made, that thm

A book to be provided by the auditor, in which the weekly payments (nail be entered separate from all others.

Application

thereof.

Defendants may plead the general issue,

and shall have treble costs.

Aono viceftmoquarto geo^gi! 111. C 38. [17&4.

and so pften the deficiency and deficiencies thereof shall be plied and made good out of the whole receipt of the rates aal duties of postage; and in case the rates and duties hereby pm ed shall be more than sufficient to answer the said weekly p menu, that then, and so often as it shall so happen, the over plus shall be appropriated and applied to such and the same Da as the present rates and duties of postage are respectively of by law made applicable.

XI And, to the end the said weekly sum of two ob&afand thru hundred pounds may be made a fund or security for the purposes berm expressed; be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, a book or books, in which all the moneys which (hi! be paid in weekly as aforesaid, for or upon account of the&k rbtas and duties, shall be entered separate, apart, and drffis i from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, feu heirs and (uccefibrs, upon any account whatsoever 1 and tn said weekly, payments shall be a fund for the payment of tbr several annuities and all such other charges and expenses as it: directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this prt sent session of parliament, intituled, An act for raising a cerus\ sum of money by way of annuities, and for efiauifbing a lottery.

XII And be it further enacted, That if any person or per tonnes shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or protected, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the genenl issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or thsr defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfoited, then such defendant or defendants shall bar; treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVIII

An act for repealing the several duties on tea, and for granting n his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and also several duties CI inhabited houses; and upon the importation of coconuts and uf see; and for repealing the inland duties of excise thereon.

Most gracious Sovereign, j

Preamble. "YWHEREAS the several rates and duties upon tea, expe/a for sale.in these kingdoms, amount together to so anfsderabi a sum, in proportion to the value of that commodity, as to afford greoi encouragement to the fraudulent importation thereof, and baveeontri< buted greatly to other illicit practises highly detrimental to the revenue and of dangerous eonftqtuntes to the public, the prevention oftubu i is become an object of theutmofl importance; we, your Majesty most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons ot Great Britan, in parliament assembled, do therefore think it wopjd be for tin

advantage

r74*] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II. C 3#;

idvantage of the public to repeal the several duties in^pofeft

jpon tea, and in lieu thereof to grant unto your Majesty the

several new duties herein after.mentioned: and we do most

lumbly beseech your Majesty that it pray he enacted; and be it

inadied by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the

tdvice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com

nons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho

ity of the same, That from and after the fifteenth day of Sep From Sept. 1$,

ember, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the feve 17841 thedu

alrates, duties, and other impositions upon tea imported, sold,

r used in this kingdom, shall ccafe, determine, and be no m* onger paid or payable.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the united company of merchants of England trading to east-india le East Indies shall be, and they are hereby discharged, of and company dif om the payment of all duties wharsoever, by any aa or aas ^men/of"1 eretoforc imposed upon all tea, the property of the said united Saties on wa ompany, which shall, on the said fifteenth day of September, in their ware northeast thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, remain in the houses, cat arehouses of the said company in Great Britain, under the that Period >ck, or in the custody of the officers of his Majesty revenue, aving charge theredf.

III And be it further enaacd by the authority aforesaid,

'hat upon all tea which, from and after the said fifteenth day For all tea'September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall delivered by 5 delivered to the buyers thereof by the said united company, the company tere shall be paid to the king's majesty, his heirs and succes chasm^sare rs, by the purchaser or purchasers of such tea, a duty of twelve Of afer that >unds ten Shillings per centum, to be computed upon the gross period, there ices at which such tea shall behold j which dutyshall be paid, f the said purchaser or purchasers, to the said united com ny, at such time or times as shall by the conditions of such'*

es, be from time to time appointed for payment of the price

such tea, to the said united company; and that the said ited company shall at all times, together with the proper ofr ers of the customs, make up an account of twelve pounds

I Shillings per centum, to be computed upon the gross pricea which such tea shall be sold, and pay the same to the col or inwards of his majesty's customs, within thirty days after

j expiration of each quarterly sale, which duty shall be which shall bn lin drawn back and repaid upon the exportation of such tea drawn back any place where a drawback of the duties is now allowed crt law.

V And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore 1, That all tea upon which the duty hereby imposed shall Ail tea ia: have been paid, and which, from and after the said fifteenth oeil ^8rc* '

'of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, scprvc,*1784,

II be entered for exportation to any place where a drawback for which the be duties is allowed bylaw, shall and may be delivered from duty shall not h warehouse wherein the same shall be secured as aforesaid

that purpose, free of any duty, subjea to the same rules, tered for ex"

regulations.

$64 Amo vicesim* qyarto Ghorqh II C 38.

f20* .regulations redricuons, securities, penalties, ancf (brfeim^s, ( vmdfronthe !n ot^er refac<^s> to which such tea would j\ave been |ghk warehouses^duty thereon had been paid and drawn back as hetea free of duty before directed.

V And whereas it is just and reasonable that the saisi uujmrsm panyshould, in tonfideration, of the great benefit which may refill*their commerce from the reauttion of duties hereby mt^de^ contpkk their utmost endeavours for securing to; the publics the full jntfj which willarife from an immediate and permanent reduction offrit; Direction for be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That tbej&id the company united company shall, as soon as maybe after the pa&ogof

their tides of aput UP and cxpo( to public sale, at the lead, file tau millions of pounds weight of tea; and shall, in likemaimer, t

some other time before the thirty first day of t>ece/nber % one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, make another tide, t which they shall, in the like manner, put up, at the tea&^ivo millions five hundred thousand pounds weight of tea; and dujl thenceforward continue, to make, at the lead, four falesin^eq year, and, as near as conveniently may be, at e^al di&acst of time, and shall put up at such (ales such quantities ofvtca is shall be judged sufficient to supply the demand; and that it each and every such sale, the tea so put up shall be sold withoat. reserve to the highed bidder, provided an advance of one pew per pound shall be bid upon the prices at which the lame dull Rest nation of be put up; and that at the four first Tales, which shall be aide the prices put after the patting of this act, the prices at which the said »

four fates** Pul up an CXP°^ to fl (hau not exceed the following rates, videlicet,

Bohea, is«7d.

per pound; For bohea tea, one shilling and seven pence per pound;

Congo, ss. 5d. For ^jngo tea, two Shillings and five pence per pound;

6ouchoog, For fouchong tea, three Shillings and threepence per pound** For bn§'° tea t*ircc Shillings and threepence per pound;

hyfon*^r/i<h For bylon tea, four Shillings and eleven pence per pound:

Restriction at nd lat il not be, at any time hereafter, lawful for the

all future bud united company to put up their tea for sale at any pikes

tides. which shall, upon the whole of the tea so put up at any

sale, exceed the prime cod thereof, with the freight and charge of importation, together with lawful interest from the time of the arrival of such tea in Great Britain, and the common premium of insurance, as a compensation for the fca risk incunfd Company to thereon; and that the said united company shall from time to ftoct o/tea^ t'mc enc ot&cn fr purchase of suchiquantities of tea, and in their ware, provide sufficient ships to import the same, as, being added houses, CC the (lock in their warehouses, and to the quantities ordered a(ii not arrived, shall amount to a sufficient supply for the keeptv a dock at lead equal to one year's consumption, according to the Tales of the lad preceding year, always beforehand; ayd that the said united company mall, from time to time, layt* fore the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treafory

for

4-3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii its. C 3^ 56$

the time being, copies of the accounts and ertimate9 upoit; h such orders for importation, or prices for sale, or quatl s put up to sale, shall be grounded, whenever such order[

[ sent out, or such Tales made, or as often as they shall ailed upon for the>fame, by the said lord high treasurer, of three or mdre of the said commissioners of the treasury fdt time beifig.

I. And u)hereas9 for (hi relief of all fierfoni now possessd of ted bt of the said united company, but regaining in their warehousei roresaid, it hath been agreed by the said united Company, in com ce with the unanimous opinion of a general meeting of the said ns to take back from them all such tea at prime cofi> as hall, ori raid fifteenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred dnd f fbury remain in the warehousei of the said company in entire or in lots not dimini/hed after the date of such agreement \ be it

ler enacted by the authority aforesaid; Thit all bargains dladferflawi e by the said united company fefpetftirig such tea as is hereto tea sold by efore described, as (having been sold at their sales) (half, he said fifteenth day of September, one thousand fevbn hun niall reniairi id and eighty-four; remain in their warehouses riot delivered their ware le buyers thereof, shall be, and they are hereby declared td houses, in en j null and Void; and that the said company shall forthwith tyre lots, cit to each of the said buyers a certificate of the sum df money

: h each of the said buyers shall have paid to (he said united pany iri tefpefl thereof; Which certificates shall be received he said Company as and in lieu df cash to the same amount, ayment for any tea bought at their next erifuirig sale; or, If so tendered in payment, the said company shall. Upon de d, at any time after the prompt day; or day of payment,

e appointed for tea to be so bought at their next sale; pay Famb in cash to the holder thereof.

II And be it further enabled. That it shall and may b6 X

□1 for all and every tea dealer, not residing within the bills not residing lortality, or the borough of Southwark, who shall''the wlt.h'n'the r; of passing this act, have In his, her; dr their poflefliori, of more entire chest or chests of tea iri the same package iri roigh Gf rh it was originally imported iritd this kingdom by the uriit Southwark, ompafiy of merchants ttading to the East Indies, and for re pou: h tnc inland duties shall have been paid by or in the name fchffe^ jeh dealer, and which shall have been purchased at either j, cthc pack le two last sales Of the said company, arid which shall have age wherein it conveyed diredtty frbm the warehouses of the said company a imported; ie warehouse or (hop of such tea dealer, td feturn such chest clefts of tea. By the most proper and speedy cdnveyanfce, td warehouse keeper of the foid compariy; a list of which the company'! s, Containing an account of the number of each Chest, the warehouse 7 ht of tea contained in it, and the pried which it cost at the keeper many's sale, together with the name of the ship in which it imported, and the folio in which it was printed iri the com

'S rale book, shall be delivered td the warehouse keeper of aid company within eight days after the passing df tins acte ol.xxxiv, q.q Xri4

$6 Anno vicehtno qoarto ctedk©tpffiv <1^8. (*7 % :

afidthe aid chert or cherts of tea shall be taken into the 'srtre* And if the houses of the said company; and if ft shall appear, tottfc fafif company are fj&ion of the said company, that the tea which is coyitaiwed in tel'hm not any theft fq returned has not been unpacked since 'it Via define, unpack vered from the warehouses of the said company but is the same ed, See. they which was originally contained therein, then the prime .cdft" of are to allow such chert or cherts of tea, which shall have been paid by fiidt, h?mecofttbe ^ea*er or dealers, shall be allowed to such dealer or deafer an paid for the Part of payment for such tea purchased at the rtekt falc' of see lame, See. eaftindia company but if the said east-india company fftall'be or opinion that the tea contained in such chest or cherts fty returned is not the same as was originally contained thereki, 'or that any unfair pradfice shall have been made use of, it ftvaftbe lawful for the said company to refule such chert or cbefte bftbi) and that for every chert of tea accepted, as herein before pfu vided, by the said Baste India company, the commissioners of excise shall 'deliver a certificate of the ium of money which ties been paid for the inland duties on the tea contained in loch chert, to the dealer returning the same j and such certificate shall be taken by the commissioners of his majesty's Ctlrtuittitb payment of the customs which shall be due on the teas'to see purchased at the next side of the east-india company j provided that every dealer shall j within five days after the paffiftg'df^flh aft, deliver to the excise officer who usually surveys bd ftoek of such dealer, a list of the teas proposed to be retutrfed to the warehouses of the Baste India company, in all respects (hfrifar ia that herem before directed to be delivered to the mifrtofe keeper of the said company.. \ -

c.rnpany not, VIII Provided always. That no dealer shall be permitted to obliged to re return to the east-india company any whole package'write* if 'five any^such gredn or black tea, unless it shall appear that such deafet itarfai frock; at the daft survey made thereof, previous td thefifft lari herein day bf August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty^fbury'a* mentioned much of either or b«h of those sorts, over and above ihe ehefts

are complied so intended to be 'returned, as would, accord ingto: !yt*ufeal wkih confumption, to be computed upon the average of the last four

months previous to the said fhft day ofaugajf, be fufficlent to supply the same from that time till the fifteenth day otsifintkr next; and dn atcount of the usual consumption or suchddrftr, and of the amount of his ftoek of green and black teis rdpfee tivdy/at the time any whole packages are returned, - be transonitte^, by the officer of excise who usually focrcys feeb dealer, - to the commissioners of excise and also to the watehioefa j keeper of the east-india company; and such officer of etroife shall also transmit to the directors of the Baste company an'account of all teas which have, (face the twenty-fifth aity of

3wjrlast, been taken into the stock of any deafer who'(h*h m.d. any chert of tea to bereturned as aforesaid, to theetid^ that if it (hold appear to the said directors tltat (here is jufttauft to { fefpea that any of the tea so taken into the stock of fifth'deafer has not paid the full duties to which the same by law was liable,

C the

a^o viocfinto qutrto Georgii III. C gs. - j

k$x aid direaors may, m fitch case, refute to receive any teat whatever from such dealer.

IX And wbtrtts there art tertcun quantities teas now

Remaining under the locks of bii Majesty's the mfiems and >

annft, for which the duties of custoas have been, paid, and certain

p/bar quantities of print teas damaged by salt water are now remaining in two private warebtufts under the survey of his Majesty's offi. , ten of exdfe, where they were removed for the convenience of drying Nee Jamt, for which the duties ofcufloms and have been paid

be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be Owqqrsd/, lawful for the commissioners of his majesy's treasury, or any certain pried three or more of them, todirest, by warrants under their hands, te*' rt the comm iff! alters of his Majesty's customs or excise respeaively pajj la repay to the owners or proprietors of such teas the amount such part as of the duties which have been, received for such part of the said shall remain teas as shall be remaining in the custody and under the survey | wa(j** abovementioned, on the fifteenth day of September, one thou J u,

- land seven hundred and eighty fourj provided it shall be made 51 4p>pear, to the satisfa$ion of the said commtfiloner* of the trea &ityvthet (he duties On the said teas, fb remaining on the day abovementioned, have been a Anally received by the officers or the euftomoand estyife: provided always, That the owners or But for which proprietors of the bid teas shall pay tlte duty of eighteen pounds t*!ej\0iaji ai Mn Shillings pep centum, according to the prices at which, northeast the leme weee bought, .for such parts or parcels thereof as shall CCI w be remaining under the lochs of his majesty's officers of customs or wicoise, or utider survey in the two warehouses as abovementioned.

X And be It further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That font Oil. re, from (m.d.. after the tenth day of October, qne thousand seven 17s4, the foi hundred and eighty-four, there shall be charged, raised, levied, h>»irtg addi andpaid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and (uccefibrs, the (ever*l and. rftspective additional rates and duties upon all inhabited au inhabited hooses, as herein after mentioned, according to the number of houset in windows .or lights in each 1 (that is to lay), Great Britain)

' videlicet,

f pr every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For every irv the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houiehold dwelling tmd Other offices, is or ought to be rated, under the authority houj.e» e of go wfi of the sixth year of his psecent Majesty, intituled, " cko.^c 3*.

octfor repealing the several duties upon houses, window, and lights, at jan id.' and for granting to bit Majesty other duties sepon bourn. stdmwui; , .ditional jc.» tandjigbu, at three Shillings, the additional yearly Ann of three#»'wng>

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For every: n ibe kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the houseboij nd other twees, is or ought to be rated in like manner for°f

ifevpo windows, the additional yearly him of six (billings! window., «1. j'For every dwelling hpu(b, .inbebited or to.be inhabited, with For t win in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the .hpufeboid dowa, ss.i -; > q.q 2 and

Anno ticefitno quarto georgii III C 38. [1784.

For9win

arid other office, is or ought to be ratedin likemamrctfa % eight windows, the additional yearly sum of eight ffifllinw: . For every dwelling house, inhabited or lobe inhabited,

dows, 10s. 6d.: in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the hofy

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like marihiir

For 10 windows, ijt.j

nine windows, the additional yearly sum of ten Shillings and' sixpence _ < -''

every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited'. Within the kingdom of Great, which, with the hopftrhpld

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for ten windows, the additional yearly sum of thirteen Shillings: V '[ for it win For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, withr dows, 15s. 6d.; in the kingdom of Great Britain, Which, with the household and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for eleven windows, the additional yearly sum of fifteen Shillings and sixpence:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner.far twelve windows, the additional yearly sum of eighteen Shillings: : .,

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited imth dow, 11. is.: ; n the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for thirteen windows, the additional yearly sum of one potind^qoe shilling:

for it win. dows, sss.

For ij win

For 14 windows, il. 5 s.:

m

For evefy dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with the

kingdom or Great Britain, which, with the household

For 15 wln

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like magnet for fourteen windows, the additional yearly sum of one pound five Shillings -

every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, windows, il ios. 1 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the hou^hold and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for fifteen windows, the additional yearly sum of one poundten Shillings''*

16 win For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhatpted^ wfth dows, il. 15s.: in the kingdom of Great which, with the household

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like ibpnner for six teen windows, the additional yearly sum of one potitid fifteen Shillings:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, vrith: in..the. kingdom of Great, which, with the housebokl and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like thanh^ fot1 seventeen. windows, the additional early sum of twd pfliuntli: .

For every dwelling boule, inhabited, er to be inhxbitjhi, within the kingdom of Great, which, with the householt and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like (banner ict eighteen windows, the additional yearly sum of two ftoondlfifl h tgs** _ -.

F

For .17 win dows, at.:

For j 8 windows, XL $»

v

k. 3qle

Anfto vicefinio quarto Georgii III C 38. 569

for every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For 19 win in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household d°ws.*k and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for nineteen windows, the additional yearly sum of two pounds ten Shillings:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For to witi io the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household dows, 151-: and other offices, is or ought to he rated in like manner for twenty windows, the additional yearly sum of two pounds fifteen millings:

: For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For* win in'the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household dews, yl a. and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-one windows, the additional yearly sum of three pouhds^

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For it win in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household dows, 3i. 5*.: and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-two windows, the additional yearly sum of three pounds

rfuuings ?.......

every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For % % wm in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household dows, 3i. tot.: and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-three windows, the additional yearly sum of three #wnd$ ten Shillings,

, every dwelling hopfe, inhabited or to be inhabited, with pr4 win in the kingdom of great Britain, which, with the household dows, 3i.1 $s.x and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-four windows, the additional yearly sum of three jflonda fifteen Shillings:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be Inhabited, with Por 15 to 19 Jip ihe kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, 41.1 apa other offices, fs or ought to be rated in like manner for twenty-five windows, and not more than twenty-nine windbws, tj>e additional yearly sum of four pounds:

Fbrevery dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For 30 to 34 iit'the kingdom of Great Britain, which. With the household window, other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for loi thirty windows, and not more than thirty-four windows, the additional yearly sum of four pounds ten Shillings #,

; f, 6r every dwelling house, inhabited or to beinhabited, with For X to 39 in jbe kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, 51.: and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for tthply ^ more than thirty-nine windows,

the additional yearly sum of five pounds:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For 40 ^44 in, the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, and' other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for ioi

, forty windows, and not more than forty-four windows, the additional yearly sum of five pounds ten Shillings;

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For 45 to 49

0.13

in window

Aflno victflmo quarto peorqli tit.

in the kingdom of Great Britain, ", whiclu wit J ^1"6 jas and other offices, is or ought t6 be rated iq .J fortyfive windows, and not more than forty nifipiy additional yearly sum of six pounds: . a V jj -- f.

For e^ry dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, tivlth ia the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the and other offices, is or ought to be rated in ltke jnanipi^: ''&£' fifty windows, and not more than fifty-four windows, the ad datonal yearly sum of six pounds ten Shillings; /': /

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, in the kingdom of Great, which, with the boufeholtf

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for fifty-five windows, and not more than fifty-nine windows, the additional yearly Cum of seven pounds: __ _ '

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, thin the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the bpjjfehold and other offices, is pr ought to be rated in like manner, for sixty windows, and not mote than sixty four windows, the additional yearly sum of seven pounds ten Shillings: ''1 V

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited wdfc windows, LT in the kingdom of Great, which, with the housebold

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like tnannpd or sixty five windows, and not more titan sixty nine wincjbwi, ih£ additional yearly sum of eight pounds t; V L i

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, 'with in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, wkh* the find other offices, is or ought to be rated in like m^prver for fisventy windows, and not more than fevemy fout .wi^pwlj the additional yearly sum of eight pounds ten millings, ^, n For 7$ to 7| For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inlw^femjwu^ window, 9l: in the kingdom of Great, which, with the h^fehokl

and other, offices, is or ought, to be rated in like msnxn^w seventy five windows, and not more than seventy nlnp'.yitt' 'dows, the additional yearly sum of nine pounds; . J

For 8o to Is. For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabiled. lwitll windows, .n the kingctofei of Great Britain, which, with "thehptilphelfi '* 'v* and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like ji^atjfief"far eighty windows, and pot more than eighty spur wjiijfels^jtw# .additional yearly sum of nine pounds, ten (billings? V '

For j to <9 For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inb*bj|ed, fyirh windowi, iou in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the^bb^fehpfd and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like nuwhv for eighty-five windows, and not more than eighty nine v^ppwi, the additional yearly sum of ten pounds: .?

For every dwelling hpuse, inhabited dr to be inhkb'^l y the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with fbe.hpsrfbhtfm and other offices, is or ought to be rated ip. hke ^npr .ror'ninety .windows, and not more than ninety additional yearly sum of ten pounds ten Shillings; .' "''

every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabitedj Stltft

570

For to to js

windows tu iqs*:

For 5s to 59 Windows, 71.

For 6o to 64.*indows,

71» IPS*)

For 65 to <9

for 70 to 74. windows,

I J 105ft

For 06 to 94 Windows, 1, 1. 108.1

For

ror 05 to 94 - w

window, 1 ij, ; in the kingdom of Great, which, with the tiontebold

and

1784, ^, Anno yic^gmp quarta georgii III t. 57*

and other offices, is or ought td'be rated in like manner for -

nj£ety five windows, and hot more than ninety stine Widows, thd'additional yearly fiitn of eleven pounds:

J For'every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with' for100 to 109 in, the kingdom of Great Britain., which, with the household windows, ii ana other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred windows, and not more than one hundred and nine windows, the additional yearly, font of twelve pound t

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For no to 119 in the kingdom of Great Britain, whidh, with the houlfehokf window, 13i and other offices, 'is or ought to be rateq in like manner for - qjte hundred and ten Windows, and not more than one hundred and nineteen windows, the additional yearly sum of thirteen pounds:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For mo to 119 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, 14u and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and twenty windows, and not more than one hundred and twenty-nine windows, the additional yearly sum of fourteen pounds:

7' For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For ijo to 119 sirs .the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, 1 ju ahd other offices, is ot ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and thirty windows, ahd not more than one hundred. and thirty-nine windows, the additional yearly sum of fifteen pounds: :

7 For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with For 140 to >49 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, 16l: land Other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and forty windows, and not more than one hundred stnd forty-nine windows, the additional yearly fotti of six seen pounds;

For every dwelling house, inhabited of to be inhabited With For 150 toicj in the kingdom of Great Britain, winch, with the household windows, 17u and. other offices, is or ought to be rated in; like manner far one hundred and fifty windows, and not more than one hundred and fifty-nine windows, the additional yearly' sum of seventeen pounds: 7

J' For every dwelling house, inhabited Or to bo inhabited, With For 16010169 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, itii i^pd. other offices, is or ought to be ratod in like manner for jdhe hundred and sixty windows, and not iftore than one hundred and sixty nine, windows, the additional yearly sum of eighteen pounds:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited with For70 to s In the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household window«apd other offices, is of ought to be rated in like manner for r one hundred and seventy windows, and not more than one hon 'dred and seventy nine windows, the additional yearly fom of pineteen pounds: -

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with,

0.q4 " »' -'«

£? Anno yiccfinwjquartpq^rjil^.^ A [

And so> its in the kingdom of Great Britain, whicji, with;

wpw«3fc Si. and ot^er offices. s or ought to be rated in lily e»e»*/« y onc hundred and eighty windows, and upwards tfye^afjditioftil

yearly fgm of twenty pounds. 0 r, . ivtvi& uv

XI And whereas it my happen that one and the.famt puupier or inhabitant of thru or mare housesat the jam?

under the directions anapravifioni of this aft+mufl neceffarhypm ffmg*i with the rates and duties berfby imposed rnlfjs fpeeiatfyprrw4l4 jr and it not being intended that such persons (houid pay the said rates and duties for mpre than two.(uefi hoqjbps^k persons ecu therefore hereby enabled and declared by the autfiorim afp or*iim>rcfc€ said. That no one pprfoo shall bp subje&cd to the payiao^pt house, to any of the rates and duties by this act imposed for «a«e thft pay for pnjy two hqufe$ which hf or (he shall occupy at the feme<f4qtyt£ jtfck?

vided always. That each perton shall, inalj cases, pay ui^fcd the greiucft10 Iatcs and duties for two such houses as sail cpj£*in ihegeem^ number of eft number of windows of wy iwp hqgfcsin bs or h$c wmdoars. pation. \, <-... i s hr

XII Andy in order to provide for the rctief of such pfr/onj AM be the Oecupiers or inhabitants of three .or more bpvffs ikarpfldl^itk_ and assessid for the duties hereby imposed at the same time, ^tjs.fuiv

Olapfe for re there enabled and declared. That every feeb perhjojsfptwdina; Hef of persons to be relieved from the payment of more than twptfjcrcof, monfthan cam wob le collectors of the feye$a^ pariftrc*

two houses. or pieces, for the payment of the rates and duties impose fey

this actor previous thereto, by him or herself, his or her a&qt or servants, deliver, or capfe to be delivered, (, o thep % tn pvpcg such parish or place wherein any house in his or her peculation, Other than the two feveraily containing the greatest number of windows, is firuated, a declaration in writing of the fwftkplrif* in his or her occupation for which he or fheis to payt.

ccivirig which fgch collectors as aforesaid shall discharge. fiocn their book or books the charges or rates made for every och house hereby Intended so k exempted; which hotiop. or do > the said collector are hereby directed to dclive*/j*cr, jo the furyeyor 6r itifpector for the district in which such parish or place lban be (ituated, for their information, and m Puerto their making ah entry of rhf, Umc in their bookfr^di ft enabling them tp make a proportionable deduction jrpmtbe pharge against such collectors, . t >.!: r

Persons pot juii. And be it further enacted 2fj?d declared, thi* JPY paying for pcrfpn or persons shall ojnit pr n^gtec} to pay for fu$h two houses houics^ac ln t^c*r occupation, containing the greatest number of cording totbe according to the notice they ftiali give to the collectors, i the nptice given parishes or places in which they have houses for which they ibtu to the collec claim exemption, he, (he, or they shall forfeit and pay, for to! tofor^cit every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

^*XIV Provided nevertheless/and it is the true intent and

rates to bf1^ |ncan*ng this act, That the said several iates and duties, berfh paid in°addj* ty/cfp?ftivcjy charged as aforesaid shall be gaid^ oyer nbprc*

and

Vj 1 Ante ^c^fmro quartft ge6rgii HI' C 38'. gyj

in' addition to the respecttve duties charged upon houses tio».«o tbofo w|fido^»& by virtue of an act, made in the sixth year of the charged by a df* Ms present Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing the Ad 6 Geo. j. al duties upon houses, windows, and lights j and for granting to C j8. j \iajejiy other duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and of thee 'wsk', Made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his isnf mejetly, intituled, An act for repealing the duties on all and 19 Geo. 3. Pi ted houses, imposed by an off made in the hjl session of C 59.

r j' and/or granting to his Mdyefty other duties upon all inhabited res in greut Britain; and for amending the said all; and also''so much of an d made in the year of the

w of his present Majesty, as impojes a duty on all servants retained employed in the several capacities tbertin mentioned.

KV, Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au >rlty aforesaid, That afleflinents shall be made out for raising Afleflinentt to t duties upon inhabited houses by this present act imposed, be made out (A the tenth day of Qtiober, one thousand seven hundred and from Oft. 10, hty foui, to the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hun, ": d and eighty-five; which assessment shall be certified by the**

sflbrs, and*returned by them to the commidioners, on or bene the third day of December, one thousand seven hundred and; hty four; and that the surveyors shall and may, on or before e twentieth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and ghw five following, certify their furcharges for raising the said ttiw for the said two quarters, to the said commissioners; and Appeals t appeals in respect to the said two quarters afleflinents, hall therefrom wi May be heard and determined between the sixth day of to he idreb. One thousand seven hundred and eighty, five, and the >ufth' day of April following; and that from and after the fifth from April j, ay f 'April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the 17s5, the du aid duties shall be assessed annually for one whole year, to com neuce from the fifth day of April in each year; and that in all uttire years the assessment shall be made out and certified, andy he itircharges certified, and the appeals heard, at the same time is the aflefiments, furcharges, and appeals, are made, certified, tnd heard, on the duties on houses and windows.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said several duties by this act grimed shall, in that Duties in pjnt ofxfrwf Britain called £ngland, be paid quarterly, on the England, to lout moftufilal days of payment in the year; (that is to say), bepaidquar on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day Mr 7 i of July, and the tenth day of October in every year, by equal portions; the first payment thereof to be made on the fifth day o Jmuirf, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, five; and., nd in Scot. in; that part of Great Britain called Scotland, on or before the land, half twenty fifth day of March, yearly, for the half year betwixt 7e*r'y* martinmu iay and Whitjunday, and on or before the twenty day of September yearly, for the half year betwixt wbi} funiey and Martinmas. \

XVII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, ulj*°** 'x'lpt the said duties granted by this act shall be charged only theoc^tieri

upon ofhouse*.

574

Poor people exempted from church and poor rates, not liable.

The duties to be assessed and collected in the lame manner, and under the lame penalties, Uc. as those granted by the felloib mg a As y

so Geo* a., 1*

ao Geo. a, C

*» Geo. a. C ro,

a. C 17* s

t Geo. a. C

Anno vktflmo tjuarto gcqaquhi.

upon the inhabitants or occupiers fqr the tmae., bring (hi houses or tenements hereby cliarged, hi, hr (» r^w. live executors or administrators, and not on the landlordoi landlords who let or demire the same (except in thecafe^tim in after mentioned), any covenant or agreement made or entered into previous to the passing of this act, relative to the pit' ment of any duties or assessments imposed, or to be miposed up on such houses or tenements, or upon such inhabitants or occupiers, in respect thereof, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII Provided always, and it is hereby enacted bjrife authority aforesaid, That, no duty shall be imposed, alleged, a levied, by virtue of this al, for or in respect of any deelihi house, cottage, or tenement, whereof the occupier or occbpen, by reason of his, her, or their poverty only, is or are exempt: ; from the actual payment of the usual taxes, aflctfmtnts, ant contributions towards the church and poor.

XIX And be it further enabled by the authority aft That the said several rates and duties by this ak imprinl fiui be a(te(ted, raised, levied, collected, and received by pehoni it be appointed by the same authority, for the purpoto faercia after expreflbd, in such and the like form and planner, apt with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeituna, and disabilities, and according to.such rules, methods, andi regions, as are prescribed and appointed for afleflirtg, a2 % j levying, colledling, receiving, and paying the duties on houfa, windows, or lights, in and by an act of parliament made*the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty ettgcrv? the Second, intituled, An at 1 for repealing the several rites at duties upon houses, windows, and lights; for gnssoiu U £

mqje/tyother rates and duties upon houses, windows, r J*raffing the sum of four millions four hundred thoufanifmis^ k

annuities, to it thargedoh the said rates or duties ± and L a, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his^dijupfl jesty, intituled, An act to enforc the execution of an Jtffson of parliament for granting to his Majesty several rates a upon houses, windows, or LI and by another i -

in the twemy first year of his ftii^t late majesty's reign, $tii An act for explaining, amending, and further enforaugtptt

oftsnailfaffed in the lojl ftffion of parliament, for repealing the several rates and duties upon houffyjfji and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other ties upon houses, .windows, or lights; and for rritjogtty of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by mnnbc be charged on the said rates or duties; and by an the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said iate&iyeby, tuled, An act for the more effectual Zrwhtg up'

dews or Ugbis, 'in that part of Great Britain tailed sc0tkm> by an at, made' in the thirty first year of the reign of hi late Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to Us attajtfj so pates and duties upon offices and p; and upon j fji window or lights; and for raffing the sum y five

Goc :

m

r04*l Anna vicdirto quarto Georgii III C 3$.

hies and a lottery, to be charged on the and diitiei; and f an act, mad in the second year of the reign of hi; present lajcfty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty fates xa duties upon windows or lights; and by the said herein before Mentioned ad, made in the sixth year of the reign of his pre htmajesty; and by two acts for granting to his Majesty certain tties upon all inhabited houses within the kingdom of Great Britain,

fade hi the eighteenth and nineteenth years of the reign of hi resent Majesty, or by any of them, so far as the same now re lain in force, or are not altered by this act; and that all and rcry the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, fof .iturei, clauses, matters, and things, now in force, contained In the fafd several acts, or any of them, for the a(tefsing, rais ig, levying, collecting, and paying the rates and duties there y granted, shall be in mil force, ana be duly observed, practised, t)itput in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great tritom, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, lie several duties upon all inhabited houses, by this act grant 3; as Fully and enedoally, to all intents and purposes, as tb kfoe are or may be, for the aflefiing, raising, levying, coiled ifc and charging the rates and duties granted by the aforesaid cb, br any of them, so far as the said powers, authorities uies, and penalties are applicable hereunfo, and not altered by His aft. -

XX And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That II the moneys that shall arise by the duty on. tea granted by his ad, and all the arrears of the several duties and subsidies ereby repealed, shall, together with the moneys that (hah arise iy the additional duties on inhabited houses, granted by this A, (which additional duties on inhabited houses shall be paid, iy the several persons who shall be appointed to receive the tibe, into the hands of the receiver-general of the custotns), 1c applied and paid, by him into the receipt df the exchequer, ipon the several distinct heads of fubtidy, or customs, as the Ipties or subsidies hereby repealed have been paid in there piin

Sof for the several acts of parliament for appropriating the it;and in case the whole amount of the subsidy granted, to; «hef v»hh the moneys hereby directed to be paid to the said teerffcr general, shall at anytime, in any one quarter, exceed fu fom of eighty seven thousand one hundred thirty-six pounds biieewi{hirtings and eight pence farthing, being the one fourth Sirs of three hundred forty-eight thousand five hundred forty feveftpotinds six Shillings and nine pence, the average produce if ittc fcveraj duties and subsidies on teas for five years, with hcbdditibn of five pounds per centum, and five pounds par*Sin, End upon the said duties and subsidies by the acts of the llrtereerith and twenty second years of his majesty's reign, the Kid receiver-general mall pay over such surplus into the hands if tlje receiver-general of excise, which shall be by him diftti feftd, in dde proportion, to the respective heads of excise to fhtth the duties of excise on teas, repealed by this act, were

goc?#plicable*

sn

&geo. CL

if Geo. t. C 16.} and 19 Geo. 3. C si

monfetarif ing by this act to be paid into the ex cbeqner by.' the receiver-general of the

And in case of any furplin, the same shaft be paid to the receiver-general of e cifc* C

V

Moneys paid into the ex

- ' ' .> :

Anno vleesimo quarto gcordh tl£ c.jtf

applicable, and shall be by him paid into tl)£ Ate

chequer, at the rate of one hundred thirty. c^bt^twi^nd, ^hundred seventy nine pounds, five oiilhn^s^ and ted«iq halfpenny per quarter, being the one fourth, part of fire to dred fifty-five thousand nine hundred and (evcqtoeo pojioi three Shillings, and sixpence, the average of the cicifc jdnuesi tea for five years, with the addition of five poqndsperwta five pounds per centum, and five pounds per eentta^hsi up the said duties of excise by the acts of the nioeteenul trreatj first, and twenty second years of his present Majesty's rdf and such money, so paid into the receipt of theefcbcquei, ! the said receiver-general of the cuflfoms, and receiver meal lo applied.the cxc*fe> refpctf ively, shall be applied to the same ufci V*purposes as the former duties on teas hereby repealed, wereu plicable unto; and in case any deficiency shall happen in tj said duties, the said receivers general respefimly. Shall n turn certificates thereof into the office of the aufiujjof tktij s ceipt of the exchequer aforeuid; and such deficiency tful) sin time to time be made goodbye or out of such jnptkyfa (bill or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of orior jwtforpin fes? exceflcs, or overplus moneys, or other reyeiwb.compose the fund commonly called The Sinking fund'd after the said certificates respectively shall fiav^'^njiwrw into the office of the auditor of the said rece^t; and wfiatc* moneys shall be so issued out of the said replaced by or out of the first supplies to be by parliament.^uu tax

Receipt of the XXI Provided always, and be it efa^eql A receiver gene receipt of the receiver-general of the customs piah^aft raio^tblj: uf c'cnl charge to the several persons who fliau ^"afipcsetedj Charge to receive th said additional duties on inhabited hopln; fjofill receiver! of the receipt of the receiver-general of the excifr shall of jlm new duties on dent discharge to the receiver-general of the cuiwn^ six, fed houses, C cnbnies as he shall pay in pursuance of thisas^iqdsfcfas receipts shall f; verally be allowed by the aqtfitor^passing their respective accounts., '.

If in any one XXII And be it enabled by the authority "tmj

quarter there the subsidy sin teas hereby granted together should be a houses, windows, and lightsa alfp granted b^tni^

furplusofmo ny one quarter, produce more than famcient o fi&jy tfi thi« ad^th«by said um of eighty fev1en thousand one hundred ^1$$^ same (hill be pounds, sixteen Shillings, and eight ponce, r(jrihing* M applied to good the like sum to be replaced to the wards making tom duties on teas, by this a repealed abtf chargttfon** onc hunc*rc(* thirty-eight thousand nine hunijfaj the nextquar pounds, five Shillings, and ten pence halfpenny? ler. the like sum to k replaced to the respective dfitiw^fc^xg

teas, by this at filfo repealed, the Surplus which rm^t^ satisfying the above sums, shall be applied towards babg! good the Kke sums charged Upon the said fubfidyin3 ddry00 houses, windows, and lights, in the next succeeding quarter.

/-> t xx11l Pi

84*] Ahno viccqmo quarto georgii till. C 3$.

ill

XXIII Provided nevertheless^andhe it further enacted by the Seriaratc af

ihonty aforesaid, That (eparate assessments shall be made out for

Rng Ae duties hereby itnposed, which assessments shall be verified by the

Wight in by the assessors, in writing under their hands, and assessors upon

versfied upon their oaths, and hot otherwise, as required by oath..

fe act of the twentieth year of his late majestyv reign first

bve: mentioned, upon pain of forfeiture of any sum, not ex

sding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds; and that

e rommissioners for putting this act in execution shall cause

ue duplicates of the said aneflments to be made out, delivered

id transmitted, in such manner as is directed by any of the said

nrier acts relating to the duties upon houses, windows, or

^ts, with respect to the duplicates of the afleftments therein

Mentioned.

XXIV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority f^efaid. That, for the better execution of this act, and for the commhbon fdering, tailing, levying, collecting, and paying the duties f farmer ireby granted; the commissioners authorised or appointed, of to th^dutifs fha mall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in oft houses and iecution the said herein before mentioned acts relating to the windows, shall iities upon houses, windows, or lights, or inhabited houses, or becommissi niy of them, shall be commissioners for putting in execution curinvtbis* his present act and the powers therein contained, in all and aft; ivery the respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, .cities troughs, Cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within jfiai Britain and that the said commissioners, in order to the and shall meet Wdy execution of this act shall, in their respective counties, or before hires, stewartries, 'ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, , 1 owns, asd places, for which they are or shall be appointed ^pnamissioners respectively, meet on or before the eleventh day hodober^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and shall in like manner meet yearly and every year it such day dt time as the said commissioners for the time, being (half think, propel td appoint, before the thirtieth day of April yearly i rn shall then divide themselves to ad in separate districts, and proceed in the execution of this present act, for aflefling, raising, levying, and collecting the duties hereby granted, in such Rnd; the same manner, and under the same regulations and directions, as are prescribed by the said before mentioned acts, or kny of them, with respect to the rates and duties thereby irn hqfed (except in such cases in which an alteration is made by this'ad.)., t

)gcy. Tfovided always, and be it further enacted by the (futurity aforesaid* That if, by any negligence or default. In case com therfc'thall not have been a meeting of the said commissioners, and missioner Odtre execution of the several powers hereby created, within or atn°he it the time or times, or according to the manner x>r circumftan time prtferib ce directed or prescribed in and by this act, it shall and may ed, they may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any two or more meet and exe bf them, in all and every the reljpcdlve counties, shires, flewar at*ny aether tries ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, and towns, in time;

*>'' Great

Notice tub

Anno, yiatfmo qtkrta ^ejv.

Great Britain respectively, wherein hest rie^pfkffrg^hayn happened, to meet tod execute the fa ppwqrs jgt'|m —

or tines, anything herein contained to the contrary: ^! Viithftanding; ana they are hereby authorised andteiqfi t with, or as soon as may be, after the riakni such. meetings should have been held and such' payeen^ have been executed, according to the dhednhu!0fj chiaj a<et, to meet and execute the same, so as that the ..Ea and duties be duly and effectually charged, raised" " add paid, to his Majesty, his heirs and so the purposes in this act, notwithstanding any such oc desect; and all such meetings and acts at the said cot^. ers, or any two or more Of them, shall. be deetnedandars hereby declared, to be gdod and valid, to all intcaix and yor poses, notwithstanding any such omiflton ior idefed. 1.. '.I'., XXVII And it is hereby alio enacted. That the saul eamml

given that the (loners shall cauce notice to be inserted.. the preempts to.be fro

(tj(f.w irtrlav i _ j 1.r _ I at _*I j^JW Va

a?1<or*under hole td time directed by them to the inhabitants of thepmftiei ad ve'ttkf mp^aces within their respective diffrids or division, whan

fort under this they shall think fit to be preferttors or assessors under' the hk

aft.

before mentioned Sds, or any of theui, . tljat such pqrfon? an also appointed assessors of the duties on all' ihhafoeesf hoofet, and upon windows of lights, granted by this act.. V

XXVII And, ft the mart ifftqualiy tnying and oedir^j duty impojedby this act, be it enacted and declared jo eafc at any time the comitoifiioners for putting id execuiun^afi*. present act in that part of Great Britain .called Adgkaiaad Surveyors may Wales, or in case at any time the commissioners of fuapfy ia do.chetr day. part of Great Britain calied, (bail nested tp appoint

assessors, or in case the assessors by (ban Sppaiaited Yhall

In cate no afleftbrt that! he appointed.

negied to perform what is required of mem by tvs that then, and an any such case, it shall and may bid lawful.tpand

for the surveyor or surveyors, appointed or td.be apprarttfrl un* ' der the authority of any of the before mentioned ass', vto do and perform such and the like (erviees as are by thrfaid acts. required from such assessors.

XXVIII And be it further enacted by.iste authority afbre ftid, That from .and after the said.sixteenth day of bfmm

houset omitted' or undercharged.

supmyort, . ftid. That from and after the Taid sixteenth day of nmmbtrp[t)oe twice a yeae, - thousand fevph hundred and eighty-four, the said ^vdyoror furcharae*of hirveyors shall, 'twice in every year, to wit, on or before the tenth - 8 day of January? and thp tenth day of august, ywljte Terrify in writing, under his or their hand or handst by, ty^y charge, to any three dr more of the said commissi doers ^wajaat inhabited houses have been omitted to be chargndr.<>cl(»te been under charged with She fates and dtitlda imdqiitg by fib

acts, in the affbfltnent made of thelame for fthe -- -- -- -- "i

year; and that thereupon, thd uponoath being^notice was left in writing at the dwelling books

°«upinrs so charged or furdharged by .virtue of such...

ahaalvanentt that the (bmyors intended to charge them in fuehounrvrt* and tobeit£bm, according'so iuqh number of windows, as they bgcj^mk r: '1 <.'' i

Notice to be given to the occupiers fur.

^4] Anfio vleefiitao Quarto iskoftoa lit C 3 8.

l3*j

or fjy virtue of fitch certificate, the said commissioners, .or any Tiree or more of them, shall cause such assessinent to be recti |ied. according to such certificate, and delivered to the collec or, mid the said rates and dutiet shall be levied accordingly.

XXIX And be it further enabled and declared. That if any If a fbrcharge Urveyor or surveyors (halt, after the said fifth day of April, one ft ill be omit ihthimnd seven hundred and eighty-five, omit to make a fur "dthefirst

l^jrirgeor fuccbarges for the first half year, it shall and may be may^nttde lawful: for the said surveyor or surveyors to make a surcharge or for the whole (archargea for the whole year. year.

XXX And be it further enabled and declared. That where where house any house shall be divided into different stories, tenements, or are let in dif lodgings, and shall be inhabited by two Or more persons or fa lerent tene thhies, die same shall neverthetefs be subject to, and shall, in..

like manner, pay the duties granted by this act, as if such Adeemed the h&tife or tenement was inhabited by one person or family only; occupier. aoih the landlord or owner of such j^oufe. shall be deemed and taken to be the occupier of such dwelling house, and shall be <dyarged with, and liable to pay the duties imposed by this

XXXI And be it likewise enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That all dwelling rooms In every hall and Dwelling office whatsoever, belonging to any person or persons, or to rooms in of any Vodies politic or corporate, that are or may be lawfully fi5*' C )cftatged with the payment of any other taxes or pari fit rates, or

(mil be fubjift t the duties granted by this act, and (hill be parjft, rates, nrfpeftlvely charged as inhabited houses, within the true intent to be subject ana hteaning of this act; and the person or persons, bodies po to the litjck 6r corporate, to whom (He same shall belong, shan be^fcbareed and altefffcd as the occupier or occupiers thereof: provided always, That each distinct chamber or apartment, in any tfoilegeor nah try any of the universities of Grtat, shall

far fubjcft to the duties granted by this act, as if the same was jgn eorire bbufe. '

rxxxfl. And be it like wise enacted and declared by the au thority aforesaid. That every chamber ot apartment in any of Apartment tbeimis of court of chancery, being severallyin the tenure and the.v*^°* occupation of any person or persons, lhalf be fubjcft 16 though Juries granted by this act, as if the fattle Was an entire duties, house'''

xxxhf. Provided heverthdefs, Thai this or apy thing jjot to extend 'fierent'cdbtjtitied, shall not exrend, or be construed to extend, to anjr.bqufe 1 % bv(charge with the duties hereby grahted as aforesaid, any occupied by kwchm* tenement in the possession or occupation Of his ma three "*

: jesty, $?, smy!lof the rdya! family, nor to subject or charge any m y w ^dtobaffadpr or fortdgh Minister, .redding in the kingdom of ^be^rbfittutyio orwith tliepayment of the (m^dbtfes granted...

And be it farther enacted and declared, - That the Ragataio» Hrtfieaandregularions provided by the acts Of theifehtwnih and^y.aft> °* ^jaieteenfa yearsbf the reign of hisprefenr Majestybdfort mert1 jr, exempting

except apart menu of officers, C

Parents and guardians liable to pay for infants.

o Anno Vicesimo quarto gtorgli III C 3a [^4

wtreboufet, tioned, for exempting all warehouses and building!

C extended for carrying on manufactures, trades, occupations, and to ibis act. from the duties on inhabited houses, imposed by those

shall be extended to exempt all such warehouses and buildingi, in like manner, from the rates and duties imposed by this a d.

XXXV Provided always, slnd be It further enacted by tie

Hofpitab, See. authority afofefaid. That nothing herein contained shall CI cxempted j tenc1, or be construed to extend, to change or make liable any

Jiofpital, charity school, or house provided for the reception and relief of poor persons, to the payment of the rate or duty imposed by this act, except such apartments therein as are or mtr be occupied by the officers or servants thereof, Which shall be subject to the same duty (according to the number of window in each) as other inhabited houses are by this act subject to.

XXXVI And it is further enacted by the authority afore laid, That where any person or persons chargeable with the duties hereby granted as aforesaid, shall be under the act of twenty-one years. In every such case the parent guirdians, and tutors or such infants respectively, upon default o? payment by such infants, dial! be, and are hereby made liable to aoi charged with the payments which the said infants ought to have made and if such parents, guardians, or tutors, (hallneg* led or refuse to pay a aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to

proceed against them in like manner as against any other person or persons making default of payment xif the duties hereby granted; and all parents, guatdians, and tutors, making payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every sum and sums paift for such infants in his, her, or their accounts.

, XXXVII And be it further enacted by the authority for no peffon to fam^ That the payment of any of the rates and duties ghuitw mentvw ky this act, by any occupier or occupiers of any dwelling hone vnent of the or houses, in any parish or place, shall not entitle the penoaor rates. persons so paying such rates or duties to a legal fetclement in

such parish or place.

What houses XXXVIII And be it further enacted sind declared, That do shall be deem, house shall, within the intention of this act, be deemed or taken td inhabited. f0^an inhabited house, except the same shall be inhabited bj the owner, or his servant or servants, or by a tenant of teaants renting the same.

Commission XXXIX Provided always, and be it enacted, That no per hi Eng son shall be capable, in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tml wad until aaing as a c°mmi(fioner in the execution of this act, orex* they have ecuting any of the powers herein coniained (tmlefs it be the takeothe power hereby given of adminstering oaths, ) until such time as

Majeslfs ptrfon and government i and the futceffm of tietrrjonis the heirs of the late prinufs Sophia, being protestants; and for tx tinguijbing the hopej of the pretended prince of Wale, and his tf#

ed

<784.] annovicefirrio quarto gkough ilf. d. 38.. jk\

ani*fecrei abettors; which oaths, and any others prescribed to be f

taken by this act, it shall and may be lawful for any two of more of the commissioners to adminirter, and they are heteby respectively authorised and required to adminillcr the same, to iny other of the said commissioners accoidingly.

XL Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any person on yof Hereby appointed a commissioner for any county, city, town, or 40°** place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, before he shall have taken the oaths which by this act he is required to 'dke^ and in manner hereby prescribed, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the Turn of two hundred pounds.

XLI Provided always. That every person appointed by this commissiott ifct to be a commirtioner for executing the several powers here rrs iit Scoffand n contained, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, ^b^ofalte pefore his acting as a commissioner in the execution of this act, gjance and ar any of the powers herein contained, take, and subscribe the abjuration paths of allegiance and abjuration, and subscribe the assurance C fppofnted by law to be t*ken and subscribed by pcrlons on penalty of iji offices of public trust in Scotland, upon pain of forfeiting oh the sum of twenty pounds sterling; which oaths it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the said commissioners to tdmxnifter, and they are hereby required to administer the same jq&rdingly.

XLR. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted by the Affiffor* ta be authority aforesaid, That every person to be appointed an af fworlw lessor as aforesaid shall, before he presumes to ad in the execution Of the said office or employment, (ache the following oath I

!A. B. do swear9 [or affirm, as the case may require] that, The oath in the ajfcjfment which I ball make of the houses and boufehold 'offices within the diftrifi or parish for which I am appointed an af Teffir, I will rate each according to the whole number of windows therein, to the beji of my knowledge and judgement \ and that 1 will truly and faithfully execute the tru/ls reposed in me by virtue of art of the twenty-fourth year of hts present Majesty, for repealing the several duties on tea, and for granting to his Majesty other Joties in lieu thereof and also several duties on inhabited louses; and upon the importation of coconuts and coffee % m.d.. fqr repealing the inland duties of excise thereon.

Which oath any two or more of the commissioners in the: ounty, shire, city, or place, where the assessment is to be nade, ate hereby empowered and required to admintftef.

XLIII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the luthority aforesaid. That no person shall be capable of "acting comitilflrort ts a commissioner in the execution of this present act, or any of f f°j the he powers herein contained, within the city of London, and fi

of Saint Martin le Grand, nor within the city and liberty^(WOT af f Westminster, unless such person be possessed of lands, tene to their qual, nentr, or personal estate, to the amount or value of two thou*fication.

Vol. XXXIV Rr sand

i

The oath

Anno vicesimo quarto Georg iitit. 3^. £1^84^

find pounds at lead, after the payment of, all his, debts, apk thing herein contained to the contrary not with Sanding j wh^t qualification they shall (wear to, previous to their a<9ingm aforesaid, or (being one of the people called Quakers) mate anq subscribe his solemn affirmation, in the following form; -

I A. 8. do wear, [or affirm, as the case may require, } fisfc truly and bona side, I have such an [(pecking

the same, ] of that floor value of two thousand pounds, aver aid above what will Jatisfj and diftbargo all mj debts. r

So help me GOD.

Penalty on And if any person shall presume to act as a commissioner m.tha commissioner execution of this present as, or any of the powers herein con*the'pb wf01* ta*ned» within the city of L and liberty of Saint Martin It taken the Grand, or within the city and liberty of ive/lminster, before lie oath. shall have taken such oath, or .made such affirmation as iierejn

befbre is directed, he shall forfeit, for every such offeriqe, the sum of two hundred pounds; one moiety thereof shall be to his Majesty. his heirs and successors and the other qjosety to any person or persons who will inform and sue foe the same.

XLIV And be it further enacted by the authority bforefseiff, Person over that if any person or perlbns shall tnink himfejf^ henclfvdr psl to*seap* 'hemfeives respectively overcharged or overrated by aqy l$effi commission ment, charge, or surcharge, to be made by virtue of or purer. fuance of this act, it shall be lawful for him pr them r^cq

tively to appeal to the said comroifljoners, or any three or mote of them, and the said commissioner, or any three or ptote.^f them, shall, and they are hereby required tp hear and d ' mine all such appeals, and that all such appeals shall be t and determined on the days appointed, and in (be. fgf directed in the several aids herein before mentioned if ith ff" (pedl to the rates and duties thereby granted. V XLV And be it further enacted by the authority at Commission That the said commissioners, or any of them, shall not, we'ofappeal* he hcarin§ oi any appeal, make any abatement, btf og not to make'cation in the charge or (breharge made upon any perf^ ltyloo any abate assessment as aforesaid, or the fiircharge of any suchfutyeyor ment.&c.un er surveyors as aforesaid, but the same (nail (land good, and re inade^noatb roa'n Part the annual afleffinents, unlefe it shall then'a'' that the ap*the said commissioners, by examination of the circuinu peiiant i of the case upon oath, that such person hath been ovand&jl in overrated, and by such afieffinent or surcharge; which cases fbetaid commissioners are hereby authorised and empowered, upon every such appeal, to abate or diminuh any such afieffinent b be made as aforesaid, in such manner as they shall think proper, and agreeable to the true intent and meaning of this act; and every person intending to appeal to the iiud commissioners - and is hereby required to give, at the lead, ten days no

tics

6y

by

1^4, } ^nno vicpfimp quarto Georgii III C 3$. gsg

tj^e thereof to apy afleflor or assessors, surveyor or surveyors of Pcrfcmi in. C wriui or pl?tc therein such person is assessed, of such in ap t^ptjqn to appeal; and such afleflor or assessors, surveyor or far gjve* dayg veyors, may then and there attend and justify the said afleff notice to the ipenr and surcharge; and such afleflor and assessors, 'surveyor afleflor*, C and fyrveyors* and appehant, shall have full and free liberty to he present during all the time of hearing such appeals, and of trie laid, cpmmimoners determining the same.

'*XLVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all appeals, oncp heard and determined by the said com, defermtnf missioners, or any thrfce or more of them, or the major part of tiun of the them then present, on the day or days by them appointed for bearing of appeals, shall be final, except as hereinafter di t n!'

layil. And be it further enacted by the authority afore ihld, That if any such .assessor or assessors, surveyor or survey Person diflh ors, orjhe perfops so appealing, in that part of Great Britain tisfied with (tnglond, or in Wak\ or m Berwick uf>on Tweedy shall ap the determi preliend the determination made by the said commissioners to ^missionerf fxe contrary to the true intent and meaniqg of this, act, and may, in Eug* shall then declare |iim(elf or herself dissatisfied with such deters laodoc Wale ininatiop, it. shall and may be lawful to and for such afleflor or; pfl<dfor$, 'surveyor or surveyors, or appellant respectively, to re 6f [be eour^of gp'ifc the said commi/fioners to state specially, and to sign the King's Bench, <tfe ifpop which the question arose, together with the dec.

Srminatlbn thereupon; which oafe the aid commissioners, or ie major part of them then presentj are hereby required to and sign accordingly and to cau/^ the same to be deliver

d to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him ^cr her transmitted to one of the justices of (He court of king

common pleas, or to one of the borons of the cour exchequer, for the time being; and eyerykbch justice and^prop is hereby required, yvith all convenient speed, to return an answer toluch case so transmitted, with his opinion there

juj>on tubferibed thereto; according to .which opinion, so certl ^fied, the assessmem which shall have been thd dfife of such ^ppeari shall be altered or confirmed; and that if such afleflor and six scot yor pffeifors, surveyor or surveyors, or the person so appeal I! one of jhg, in that part of Great Britain called' Scotland shall appre llend the determination made by the said commissioners to be fean, or be contrary jo the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall ronttfetchc* ]|jhen declare himself qr herself dissatisfied with such fietermina qd«r there ppd may .be lawful to and for fuclr surveyor, or person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said comm*(fi he major part of them then present, to (late specially, and sign the case upon which the question arose, together with ^their d^terafinaqon thereupon; which case the said comrrtiffi

S are hereby required to (late and sign accordingly, and 10 the same to be delivered to the party making such jovwft s aforefa^ to b.c.. by him or her transmitted to one of judges of the.equh of session, or one of the barons of though '*R r 2 cxch«

5h Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 38. {1784*

exchequer, in Scotland; and every such judge and baroa jf hereby required, with all convenient Ipfeed, tb return anaitfwcf f. to such case so transmitted, with his opinion therettpocrfnbicttbk CD thereto; according to which opinion, fa certified aerfhr*

'T ment which hall have been the cause of such appeal find! be t

tered or confirmed: provided always, thatno*with(bnxfing*ny inch case To transmitted to any of the said jufttoes, _jtidga^imr barons, the determination of the said commissioners (bailfiaijd, with respect to the payments which shall become due preee* dent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or toron, upon such case. Or

XLVIII Provided always, and be it enabled. That all Penalties and forfeitures to be incurred for any offcnces agaitiff this a, for which there is no particular way. of levying herd prescribed or appointed, shall be recovered in any of isir M jesty's courts of record at jyeftmmjler, with costs f suit, bf Portion of debt or on the case, bill, suit, or information whewnr no essoin, protection, wager at law or more than one impart lance, shall be allowed.: f''*

Provided always, and be it eroded That11 dan^stables and headboroughs* tything men*and otherfcfemqjestyv

uuran*officers, shall, and are hereby required and enjoibed* tefae^ spectively aiding and a flirting in the execution of thisady nd to obey and execute such precepts and warrants arfhhllhtow them directed in that behalf by the re(pedivecoorttniffionm

Penalties and forfeitures bow to be recovered

Caaftabtes,

C to be ak ing and assisting in executing this act.

From Sept.

15, 1784, the following additional duties to be paid to his Mi jetty; videlicet.

hereby appointed, or any three or more of them. r t r

L And it is hereby further enacted by the atrtborrtyrafbto said. That there shall be raised, levied, collected, ahdjptid^ w and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs .and facaenbr % ijbt and upon the several good? herein after mentioned, which from hnd after the said fifteenth day of September onetboshod seven hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought hue this kingdom from' foreign parts, or be delivered out of the warehouses in which the same (hau, on the said fiftcenritday of September, be lodged under (he care and custody of the pst pet officers for securing the duties heretofore (^yabte^thtorin, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, akcaflytfcto posed thereon, the several and refptflive, dude fhllnfiwg; (that is to lay; )^

{

For every

pound of coconuts, the produce of brithh Amt

l^ifthe^pro or CVCI7 Pounc* weight avoirdupois of eogoa^vnt % duce of any*the growth or produce of any Brtiijb colony or phuitimnht other place, America, and imported directly from thence, the film C few

u.6d. pence:

For every And for every like pound weight of coconuts of inf otto feeuthe°frof* pace die °* onc Sidling and sixpence: .*:

duce of British For every like pound weight of coffee, of the growth'wi'f* America, See, duce of any British colony or plantation in am&k$i andhn» sd. ported directly from thence, the sum of sixpence:

But if the prp adfor every like pound weight ofcoffc^ofaoy other

place, the fam of two Shillings nd fixpcncci - -

u*Jisf

duce of any other place, as Sd.

jh' V z: .

V

<784, } Anno yicefitno quarto Georgii III. C 38. 585

Andin those proportions for any greater or Iefs quantity and New duties to the said duties (bail' also be subject and liable to an additional*°

import or duty of five pounds per centu, and five pounds per f^poftof^ centum thereon, which were imposed by two several acts of par percent, and lianot, made in the nineteenth and twenty second years of 5 pr cent. biaj^ujerty'f reign, for granting to his Majesty additional du,

taeoujpoa the produce of the several duties under the manage,

meat of the refpcftivc commissioners of the customs and excile and Geo. in Great Britain. 1, C 66.

LI And it is further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That the duties herein before granted upon the importation of Import da tie coconuts and coffee shall be under the management and dito be under rsrtion of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Eng the "** "*£* land and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in ready j^ra?ffio»ers money, without any discount or deduction whatfeever; and the of the cuc. said duties shall be rairtd, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, toms, and to and shall be drawn bach upon the exportation Of the same b*p*idil*^goods, in .the same manner and form, and under such reftric tiopfif penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and qacthodc, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are refptt^ively rairtd, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and also wed (except where any alteration is made by this act, ) as folly, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, in any act or acts of parliament relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again otnfted in the body of this present act. jlil And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

Tint, from and after the said fifteenth day of, one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the several duties and |ynd duum** other hnpofitions of excise, commonly called The Inland, npon cocoa upon all. coconuts or coffee imported, sold, or used in this nuts and eof tongdom, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or pay fatoccafe. able,

, provided always, That in order to ease the merchants Clause foevs^' «ad.'importers of coffee and coconuts from the difficulty f enofcdeto** raying down the full duties imposed thereon by this act, it is, na cocoa hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said nuts, duties shall not be paid for any coffee or coconuts which shall Iwimperred into this kingdom, from and after the said fifteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, pcerridedithat such coffee or coconuts shall, ujion landing, be immediately lodged and secured under his majesty's locks, in fvsfc'wyrahtule os warehouses (to be provided at the expense of the importer or proprietor of such goods) as the collector and .comptroller, or other principal officer of (he customs at the gore of importation, shall approve of for that purport, and shall iot be taken out or delivered from such warehouse or ware rosea, but upon the following conditions; (that is to say, )

[f stich coffee or coconuts, or any part thereof, shall be defi cerdd for exportation to foreign parts, the same shall he subject iqd ii*bl$ to the Uk rtcurity, regulations, and restrictions, as

jt f £ '

$86 1 Anno vicesimo quarto gepfegli ltl, C 39;

"Soft India goods prohibited to bp worn or ufod in are now liable to by law; but if such coffteor Cpcopfantejdr any part thereof, ftialt be taken out in order to bo.wfi&j kingdom, the person or persons so taking out tbd faene Ofalhkrft pay down the raid additional duties, and tbdy (hdtfto.pty'oite reipe&s be liable to the same reftrusioni and aognjariotw is they would hare been fbb$e& and liable to if such topflpk th coconuts bad not been warehoused in purfcaocp of tbi^p: If such coffee" provided always. That if ftitb coffee or cocoa bum J&W# or coconuts Either exported, or the duties paid fob the same, withsp <fwl*s ^al'n "be Calendar months front the importation thereof, but Qtill then tbe?tttie$0r continue and be remaining in the said warehoafe of wate paid, within 1* houses, in such case it shall and may be lawful fdr months, the (loners of his majesty's custotm for England ttaastotkmtht*4* ?tivc'y» ior any three or more of them for the time to

n, a,j ", ^, w cause such coffee or Cocoa nuti, To remaining, to itcae, See. sold by auction, or irtef? of candle, to the best bidder jppdfi*

money arising by such Tale to be applied first irt dtforai^e. eftfce duties, and the expense's of such file; and the ewerplu % (jfwwy) to be paid to the importer or proprietor 6f faeh cofjfcexiepocpt nuts', or other persons legally authorised to receive (hcfiwpe; 'anything herein before Contained to the contrarry notwitmbwd ing, ., 1 ..it: .

XIV And be it ftlrtfief enacted by the Authority ufnftfafif, Defendant That if any person or persons (halt at any tilde or tim b^b*d, may plead the molested, or profcuted, for anything by him or them: general issue, executed in purfoance of this act, or of any elause, tnfratpfj^or thing herein contained', such person or persons ffadfl ipvi nay plead the general issue; and give the (pedal matter ifh et^opce for his or their defence; and if upon the triad a verbid, pass for the defendant ordefendants, or the plaintiff orptpin tiflfs shall difcontlniic any adlon, or fttffer nofcprov on^al become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants, ar have treble costs awarded to him or them agaiflft such plaintiff or. plaintiffs.'...

<' CAP. XXXIX'5

f'.........''

Jin eft for granting annuities to satisfy yi&utfub

and transportbilu, and ordkanct debentures, ;

Mod gracious Sovereign, ... f]

WE, you; Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, have taken into our forious cpnfidcration the prefem date of.the debt of your majelvy's navy, and office of ordnance; a ndr feting: desirous to make same provision towards satisfaction thenron have resolved. That all persons intereffed in, or inti tied Opto, ! .pny bill or bills payable iti the course of the nary or vidh^hih offices, or for transports. Which were made oat on oc brfo«*| the thirtieth day of fant, one thousand seven hundred

, by Ctgbr

jatvd have treble colt.

Preamble.

il Anno vicesimo quarto gborgii lit. C 30* 5*7

jeighly twd, whoalrdady have cartied, br (hold, on or before r tw5 'tefttft day ofofftoer, one thoufatnd seven hundred and "yufbw, carry the same after having had the mtereft there hom(tilted'and Marked upon the said bills at the navy or rflinftcffice respeiftively, to the office of the treasurer of 1ff$)pm*jdfyl''ttavyf mould have in exchange for the same, from "^hdwfeaftmayo* hiepaymaster or cashier, a certificate to the end Company of the bank of England., for every entire " ofleor morehundred pounds, of which such bill of bills,

'*wgrheafwkh the Uttered so marked, (hold consist (end also one' wmt certificate for the fractional part of one hundred pounds, nlfeinief the remainder of such bill or bills; and the persons who

4feduld be petiefled of such first mentioned certificates, of the etttirtf fam of one er more hundred pounds, (hold, upon deli ''wry thereof to the said governor and company, be intituled, in - tefpetsfr of the same, to the sum of one hundred and (even

gedndl, ten fhfflines, and sixpence capital stock, for each one Hundred pounds of such trills made out on or before the said '* thfttieth dfy of June, ooe thousand seven hundred and, eighty'

'and have also resolved, That all perforts interested in, or < idtitted unto, any debentures payable out of the office of ord; uffrtfce/which were dated on or before the thirtieth day of June,

1 utac fhottfimd seven hundred and eighty-two, who already have carried, or (hold, on or before the tenth day of October, onft (i^thdaflmd seven hundred and eighty (burr, parry the same to the 1 tteafiarer of his majesty's office of ordnance and (hold have the interest oa such debentures computed after the rate of four'pounds per ttntum per annum, from the expiration of fifteen'tttowhs from the date thereof, to the fifth day of July, ono 'thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and (hold have a ccr"' tificate for every one hundred pounds contained in the amount; of thb principal and mtereft of such debentures, and also a cer. 'iflfidrte for the fractional part of one hundred pounds, the first, , the said certificates to be earned to the governor and com

L pttny of the bank of England, (hold be intituled, in respectbf. the same, to the fom of one hundred and seven pounds, ten billings, and sixpence capital stock, for each one hundred pounds of such debentures made out on or before the said thirty da day of June, one thoufadd seven hundred and eighty-two, the" fed capital stock to he attended with annuities after the'rate of five pounds per centum per annum i We, your majesty's most faithful commons, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; add be it enacfod by the - King's most excellent .Majesty, by and with the advice and 3jfcbn(ent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in ^'1'this prefbnt parliament assembled, and hythe authority of the

That all perlbns interested in or entitled unto any bill or All persons

bhls, payable in the course of the navy or victualling offices, or interested in

'dbrtthnlports, which were made out on or before the thirtieth day ay n*v.jr or

''t&j&ne, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, whb (hair, .

1 er before the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hun;

; .*»

pr ordinance debenture, made out or dated on or before June jo, 17?*,

Anno vttiesimo quaftogeorop Iffi cj'g^; nif 17s4; :

dred and eighty foot, earry th lame, 'afterttliwilfg (fod^bgilfeer. terest thereupon computed up to the sfitrfe^dby of Jkftf thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and marked laid bills at the navyor vi&oalltng offices tefpe&lvaly, £oor!»tst: office of the treasurer of his majesty's rtavy, all tttvef 4ikfe«u change for the same, from such treasurer, or his payttuftaror eafhier, a certificate to the governor and company of the faflk of 'Engktdyfor every entire sum of one or more hundred poaudf of which such bill or bills, together with the i nte rest forrtarisd. thereupon, shall consist, and also one other certificate'for though fra&ional part of one hundred pounds, being the remainder the amount of the principal and inteteft of such billor bills') t|d the persont who shall be pofiefied of such first mentionsml cewi £ ficates of the entire sum of one or more hundred pound, (hatl, Upon delivery thereof to the said governor and csdfpaiw^bs in tit led, in retpoft of the fames to the Atm of one tamdtwbd (even pounds, ten Shillings, and sixpence capital deck, foftach one hundred pound, of fu b bills made out on or; beforo ths said. thirtieth day of June, one thpufirnd seven hundred and eighty-two; and also that all persons imerefted in or/knitted' unto any debentures, payable out of the office of cvntevance, which were dated on or before the. t hirtieth day of juats one thousand seven hundred and eighty two Who (hah, onirbp* fore the tenth day of Qflober, one tlioufend '(even hundred amd who shall, on eighty-four, carry the, same to the treasurer of his' majesty'so£ or before Oft. fice of ordnance, and shall have the interest on such debentures 1 "17p+' f computed after the rate of four pounds per, eenttm m*math

tovh. v/lpeft from though expiration of fifteen months from the date thcredf^'te jve treasurer, the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred, and! eighty snd have the supr, and shall nave a certificate for every one hundred pounds contained in the amount of principal and interest of such debdt^ tores, ynd also a certificate for the fractional part of onehuhdnai ppundt, the first of the said certificates to be carried to the governor and company of the bank of England, shall bd vnritlerf, in respe^tof the same, to the sum of one hundred andfotat the bank nd p°upds,on Shillings and sixpence capital stock, for bach ooe be intuit'd to hundred pounds of such debentures made out on or before s07i. 101. 6d. said.thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundredaod flock for the eighty-two; which said Capital flock shall be attended' wjtban amt* "ft* after the rate of five pounds per ttnium per annum? to commence from the fifth day of July, one thousand fcwua hundred and eighty-four, and shall be paid and payable at the bank of England, at the times and in the manner herein afipr mentioned. 1

, II And bp it further engfied by the authority, afbrefind, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or perform, natives or foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, ash shall be podefied of, interested. in, or entitled unto any bill or bills, payable in course out of hi Majesty's offices of the navy pr yidfualling, or for ttanfporis, or any debenture or debentures, payable ouf of his ajajesty's office of ordnance, wbsd)

.......W«B

[' tized bycjooqlc

interci^ com pufed the e qn, shall have a certificate jfor every jopl. to the

governor of

fxnu

Jerfont ppf feifffd of mvy, or victualling bitw.&c. daud pit W before

j£jn«r, Wiirfz.

?q deliver |iif m to the

*7*4*1' iqtjartagbqrgh lit C 39* -

flrcrejrfifpe&hwty mfcdcow or dated in the said refoeft'we offices, respective n cmbeforethc, thirtieth day of jum, one thousand seven hun j

1 red asd: eightyrtwo» to deliver such bill or bills, debenture or e. before*dcbwpuwoes, 40.the.respective treafure»of the said offices, to be Oft. to, 17s4. marked, cancelled, and certified, in inch manner as is hereiu aftevcnsenttaocd, at any time on or before the tenth day of o£iokmi: os)fi thouiaad seven hundred and eighty-four, acid at suchhpbge orplaccs as shall have been appointed by notice givmvia the lmdon gnztut, and other public papers for that

punefe, '*

HI .Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the intsreft which became due on the Intend which (aidififth day ofij^, one thousand seven hundred and eighty due fomi, for and in respect of. such of the said navy, viduajling, nmdctranip^rt, bills as hear an interest, shall be computed and bills, '&c. fall malt seed u pea the. laid, bills at the navy or victualling office re be marked fpetfthwly, before the same are delivered to thetreasurer of his thereon, be msjtftji navy j and the proper officer and officers of his Ma jj? y lefty'* navy office and victualling office respectivdy, is and are e treasurer. hetaby authorised and required to compute and mark the in .tetyft as aforefiiid, upon every .fitch bill which shall be tendered ^odtiot.or them for that purpose

and! be it; further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That it shall and may be lawful to and for ibe treasurer of his Treasurer of majclto's navy for the time beings to take in and receive from the azvy to alk and ©veryrperson or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies n

pqhtkk or.corporate, who is, are, or shall be possessed of, in m oft. to, tecefied in, or entitled unto, any such .navy, victualling, or 1784. trapfport bills, all the said bills which any such per Tonne or per fariv bodies politic or, corporate, shall, on or before the said tenth day of one thousand seven hundred and cigbty

fchir, deliver te such treasurer; and the said treasurer, or his Bitlitobvcan. pay mailer and celhier, is and are hereby authorised and requir celleo, and ed to. markrand cancel every such.bill, and make fonhandagn the certificates herein directed to be. made out in lieu of the said. jfeuthereof, fastis; nd that i( alio shall and may be lawful to and for thee.. of his jvjajesty's office of ordnance, in like manner, to tai^p in all such debentures, payable out.of the said office of iocd* nancev i which, on or before .the said teoth day. of Oftsdrr, one.. thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall .be delivered ta him? and the said lad mentioned treasurer, or his deputy, is hwefay)authorized and required.to.caned the same, and.to make forth.and figa the. certificates herein directed to be made out in lieu of such debentures. -

V land be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid -

all and every person and persons. and cor Every certig .petetq, who shall deliver any such bill or. bills, debenture or este for tooi*

debentures, to the said respective treasurers as aforesaid: tq by: :

certificates as are. hereby directed to.be made caat i^forth by the said treasurers, in ijeu.pffoch.bills and debentures, F'

of. the prinfipai. Aim hcwl^. granted for every*' 1

entire

§99

to be paid at the bank half yearly.

Anno xt^qmo quarto Grorgu III C 39. [1784.

entire funaof pan hundred pounds contained in such r^fpfe&rrt certificates have and be intitied to an annuity after the rafttof five pounds per centum per onnicm, to commence front thegrid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred ahd ei^htjr»rwr, and to be paid or payable to such person orpetlbm, bodies politic or corporate, or such as he, (he, or they flnll appoint, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or afigns respectively; which said annuity shall be payable half yearly at the bank of England, at .twos the mbft usual dayk Of payment in the year; that is to say, the fifth, day of January, and Ae fifth day of July, the first payment thereof to btkotwt'dafc on the fifth day of January, One thousand fey in hundred aritf eighty-five; and that alt persons and corporations, intitied to any such annuity or annuities aforesaid, and his, her, 'and their"adqud firators, successors, and assigns respedkyely, and all perfoos aid corporations lawfully claiming Under hitn, her, ot them, IM1 have good, sure, absolute, and indeferaableeftatfci and kftertb in the said annuities, according to the tenor andfriiemeio!» of this act, and shall be poffefied thereof is of a perfohifl'dsaft, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to Unf fdhign attachment by the custom bf 'Lmddn, Ot othenwfe, - aby Mr, custom, or usage, to the contrary itotwithftihding; artdrtnt all the said annuities shall be free from all taxes, : charges, and impositions whatsoever. J'..

VI And be it further enacted by the authority afairefed, That the said annuities, after the rate of fife pbdrtds per Bit per a/mum, shall be charged and chargeable upon; add piyshe out.of, < the. moneys which shall from rhyme to timet arlffe aridk! n muon n re'pt of.the exchequer, of the fund to be eftabfifbed in knd collateral. tw* session of parliament, Ond ft>r which the fund, cctfijoftcfly lyontbtfink calied, ^Sitting Fund, shall be a cohatentfecifrity; arnfffiit

Annuities to be tax free.

Anntritfc* charged on fc fund to be establifoed this session.

iigfi

Treaforer of the navy to give certificates for bills.

and the tr*a furfef of the btdnance for ttetfentaitf.

thafid annuities shaft a>e irredeemable utlth twenty.five'tm! liony of the public. debt, 'bearing rntcreft after the rateof other three, pounds per centum per annum, or four boumds prr rhem perjmmnt, shall have been redeemed and paid off' '

And be it further enacted by the authokty aforefiftl, That, opon the delivering in of every such hast, viftuaising, or traafport bill, by any person or pferfons, 'bodies pbliriel: er corporate, the treasurer Of his majtfiy's navy, orhispaytnifer and caftnef, shall, and they are hereby authorised and teqoned forthwith to give a certificate signed by him Or them fwrfhe principal um or sums contained in every such trill, 'arid asso for ithe intereff which shall have been computed and marled aforesaid to be due on the said fifth day of Jnfy, one thou Rod seven hundred and eighry four. Upon such of life Rid frilhias bear an interest, to such person. Or persons, bddiei polhidt er corporate, or his, her, or their afiigris t and twit upon the So livering in by any person or persons, bodies politic or rate, of every fuen debenture or debentures, the n'eafuferbfhit majesty's office of ordnance, or his deputy, shall, and they in hereby authorised and retired forthwith tb' givi'a 'rtfrifiert,

' figius

^$4-1 Anno vicefirrto qaartb Georgii Ilf. C 39v 59^

Bby tfiefaidtreasurer, or deputy, for the principal futfc fts contained m every Rich debenture, and also for the inch such debentures, computed after the rate Of four pounds htuhpet ornum, from the expiration of fifteen months ftotft ate thereof to the isfth day of July one thoilfend feveh 'ed arid eighty-four, to such perfbri or persons, bodies poor corporate, or his, heros their assigns; and all such Certificates ffertificates shall be assignable by endorsement thereupon, made assignable tnlf. jjj any time before the twemy first day of December, one thori,

and seven hundred and eighty-four. Arid no longer j and all'** C 'each certificates and alignments thereupon shall not ba charged feltfi any amp duties whatsoever; and that the interest, so jpmputed arid marked on every sikh bill and debenture respedu Srcjy bearing interest as aforesaid, shall be added to the principal sum contained in every such bill and debenture respectively, m.d.. the amoutvt of such principal and interest, or the amount of the film coptained in every such bql and debenture not bearing interest, certified in manner before directed, except as hert n after is mentioned, shall be the principal Turns for which the person or perforis, bodies politic or corporate, delivering such pijls'or debentures, shall be entitled to an annuity after the fan! rate of five pounds per centum per annum.

VIII Aria be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all certificates of fra&onal parts of one Or more hundred Certificates of pounds, shall be paid by .the treftfurer of his majesty's navy, fraftional iccordirig to (lie course of the navy, in such order as the bills n part of which such certificates shall have been granted Were n9w'

Ktyable $ and t!jat all certificates of fractional parts of one or more hundred pounds of such debentures shall be paid by the: reafurer of his majesty's office of ordnance; and such Of though paid certificates foto be granted in part of bills bearing interest,

[hall, from the said fifth day of July, one thousand (feveri hundred and eighty-four, carry interest after such rate is would save been payable in rcfpedt of the sums mentioned iri the said nils4 Anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstand ng: and that sul the said certificates which shall not' have been Certificates lelivered to the treasurer of hi majesty's riavy, (half arid iriay not delivered e aifigrfable, by Endorsement thereupon Made, until the (femet0 tl!55re*rur' hall be paid in the course of the navy as aforesaid''that «t°mly#beaf. lorie of the said assignriients shall be charged with Any ftanftp signed, e. iuties whatsoever.

IX .And be it further enacted by the authority Aforesaid,

That if any infants shall, by the gift, devise, Or decease, of the Guardians of >arent, or other relation of such infants, or otherwise, become mir ntitled to any of the said bills or debentures, in such case, 'the 5e; uardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, of such infant 6r in beatnre*, Sea. antsi .shall or may be, and He, (he, or they, is or are hereby rripowered, for the benefit of such infant or infants, to deliver ' ip to such respective treasurers all such of the said bills or debentures to which such infant or infants shall' be ft irihddd; irid such infant and infants, guardian or guardians, 'trustee or

googiit, uftces»

cuafe relative to executors, C interested in

Anno vittdmo quarto.ggoron lu. C " £iy&4.

trustees, delivering of such b^ls or debentures ftuu be, iuidd la such an annuity as aforesaid V and the fiii^oardjuui ofnat^ dians* trullec or trustees, shall be discharge^

anything herein contained or ny law ufag^or cuapo^ the contrary m any wise notwithstanding

X Provided alh>9 and be it further enabled t*y rity aforesaid, That any peifon or persons who as eaccutflf^i or admtniftrator* trustee, committee of an idiot or Iiynatidc^ or perforu of unfound mind depositary, or mortgagee shall bp or,

any such bill become possessed of, interested in, or entitled uqtq*

or deben fare.

laid bills or debentures shall and may deliver up ftk^vib^orj debenture as they shall be so possessed of, interested iry^of jo titled onto to such respective treasurers as aforesaid; a to executors or administrators, the annuities which they haa be

entitled to in respect of the said bills or debentures, by i, han.

in their haods^ sits^i

delivered up, shall be the same assets bills or debentures were or would have been had ^ey 'opm so delivered up for such annuity as aforesaid j and.ais ta tn

committees depositaries, and mortgagees the; annqi^7vjjfa4 they (h^ll be entitled unto, for or in refge&

Bask impow ered to receive certificate

and to give

credit, for the

111411 uc iiuujgu uuivs* is ui ilk itiwgu yv tuw £ u

mortgaged bills or debentures which they mall lo deliver such respective treasurers as aforesaid, shall be fubjccsl an^jjjabtn to the same trusts and equity of redemption, as such hills oc.de> bentures were or would have been, had they not heeiv.so. cb. vered up for such annuity as*aforesaid.: f.; / y

XI And be it further enabled by the authority That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor sod company of the bank of England, and their fucccftore^ar person or persons as they shall appoint for that purposey, ahd ibe and they is and are hereby refpcaively authorised aodti^qujred to take in and receive au and every of the certificates, to nude out in lieu of the £ud bills and debentures as aforesaid, jut pursuance of the directions of this act; and upon' tty every such certificate shall, and he and they is and ajr^' hfrgty

mountthere requjrcd forthwith to give credit, ina book or books.ta; tc pfo °'0 pared for that purpose, for the principal sums contained, n ei^rj

such certificate so brought to him or them as aforesaidl. persons, bodies politic or corporate, to whose credit fyit^prin cipal sums shall be entered in the said book or boos? higher, or their executors, administrators, or a Signs, shall and jggay have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part ihaiv or proportion thereof, to. any other person or persons? bodies politic or corporate whatsoever, in other books to be. prepared, and kept for that purpose; and the Xaid governor and company. for the time being, shall also, on or before the. twcoty nuifh tt»d day September y one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five,

theexchequen transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper? of As 4*said book or books first herein before mentioned, into the docs of the auditor of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, thcffi to remain for ever.

XII jfndy for tbf tngrf tafy and fare pajofent of the qnmiiy

owners.

A attested copy of such books to be

4*1 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 39. $yj

Aijhfi by this oil, it i hereby farther enacted by the autho

aforesaid''the said governpr and company of the bank Bank to ap ?nglanis, and their successors, Shall, from time to time, appoint scant atld dinploy one or more fufficieot person orpersons, with their office in the city of London, to be their chief or full gtnef<l. tier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person, within the ie office, to be their accountant general; and that the mo comriheoa* s ffbtn time tb time and at any time being in the receipt of of.tk* exchequer, of the fund to be established for paying the said tut ties, Shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, nie«ofthefai4 any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time fund to be rfg, cwithout any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, PJ oath bdtamed ih that behalf, be issued and paid, at the said re ^rasentef pt ilf exchequer, to the said first or chief cashier or calhierstheanauities. kkfc ftfd governor and company of the bank of England, and ir fbccemrs for the time being, by way of impressed, and upon for the payment of the Cud annuities; and that such Merer cashiers, to whom the said moneys shall, from time tune be issued, Shall, from time to time, without delay, ap y pay the same accordingly, and render his or their ac utrtf thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer.

XIH. And it is hereby also enacted. That the said account accoantane tt general for the time being shall''time to time, inspect g«n*r»l to said examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or dhiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prepayments, C mt iny fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

the moneys, intended to be converted into annuities by ahthemmlea ibab'bf this act, mail be deemed, reputed, and taken to be tobeconvert le cipkal or joint Rock, on which the said annuities, after the tiet'by Mt' Id tare of five pounds per antum per annum, shall be attending; be one Idthatall and every person and persons, and corporations what joint stock, Kever, in 'Proportion to the money which he, (he, or they shall e inti tied to, at aforesaid, shall nave, and be deemed to have, pfdporrional interest and share in the said Rock, and in the ihffltyattending the same, at the rate aforesaid; and that the which shall be'jd vdrae capital or joint (lock, or any share or iqtereft there assignabk.

1) end the proportional annuity attending the same, (hah. be itgname and trimsferrable, as this act directs, and not other ife; and that there shall conrsntly be kept in the office of the Books to bo lidsceeun tint general for the time being, within the city of kept by the Mon, a book or books, wherein all assignments or transfers fshe fsitf whole capital or joint Rock, or any part thereof, and f^tering he proportional annuity attending the lame, at the rate afore transfers. lidyfhaltbe entered and regirered; which entries shall be con Manner ofi, eived itt proper words for that purpose, and Rull be (igned by transferring

Ife parties making such assignments or transfers, or, if any such' larty or parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or at ofnfes, thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his,

«*» or (heir hands and teals, to be attered by two or more rtdiwe witnesses; and that the person or persons to whom Inch -

Iraniftr

Annuities may be devis diy will

Bank to continue a corporation, not withttaoding the redemption of their thuds.

tfo see to be taken for aw puting interest, or cancelling bill ftc.

on penalty of ou

commissioners of the tre^fury may reward alt perfoos employed in executing this act.

Anpo vicesimo quarto georoji

transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his, ha or their acceptance thereof $ and that no other metfitkf of'adsgp ing or transferring the said (lock, and the annuities j&etiaupg the same, or any part thereof, or any interefr therein, (batt le good and available in law, and that no stamp dnrfes^ipaxibcfal shall be charged on the said transfers, or any of them

3fv. Provided always. That all persons poflefle^ of any Start or interest in the said joint dock of annuities, or ay eftoe X iutered therein, may devise the lame by w31 in lyriting, atrdbd by two or more credible witnejtes; but that no payment flujj be made upon any such devise until so much of the af wi in relates to such estate, share, or iqterect, be entered in tbcrcxi ofbcej and that in default of iucb transfer or devise firth tstate, or iptered, shall go to the executors, admimftratorfcib: cefiars, and assigns.

XVI Provided also, and it is hereby farther enactedbyd*

authority aforesaid, That the said governor and coenpany of die bank of England, and their successors, notwithstanchng then: -

depoption of all or any of their own funds, in pudoance of the acts for eftahluhing the same, or any of them, fhafi continue a corporation for the purposes of this act, till all the find annuities shall be redeemed by parliament; and the said governor arid company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this a (St.

XVII And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demand ed or taken for computing and marking the interest on the b4 bills or debentures, or for receiving, taking in, or cancelling the dud bills or debentures, or any of them orfpr gfentldg certificates in lieu thereof, as aforesaid, or for dluing themaiu for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for may teans fer of any sum, great or small, to be made in fwfiuuioc of this act; upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fee, reward, or gratuity, contrary to this act, shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the

n grieyed; to be recovered, with fulicofbof uit faaratftion: bt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of hi

Courts of record t wherein no cflbiif, rptpia^so,

privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order 9* f^fti^unt, pc any more than one imparlance, shall be granted of sjipwetl.

XVIII Provided always, and be itenactedby tibe aforesaid, That the comtpissioners of the trpafury, pr jipy (tap or more of them now being, or the high treaforfr, or aqy or more of the commufioners of the treasury for the.faapftf shall have power, and they are hereby authorised pg < fund to be established irj this fefzapn of patliupeot'; fcf.; I of the annuities granted by this act, or out of th? £hl4r to reward all such persons a shall be any ways ernpfoyctjot.v execution of this act, for their fejvice, pains, j

plfo to defray such incident charges jts j(h?iu 4

784 I Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 4a $$$

lie same j and also to appoint such allowances as they shall (link. proper for the service, pains, and labour of the cashier or afhi^rs of the £ald governor and company of the bank of Engine!, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annui ies made payable by this act; and also for the service, pains, nd trouble of the accountant general of the said governor and orupany, for performing the duty and trust incumbent on him V

y tnis ad; all which allowances, hereby empowered to be, ..

nade as aforesaid, in respect to the service, pains, and labour, f any officer or officers of the said governor and company of > lf b^pkpf England shall be for the use and benefit of the said ovanpr and company, and at their disposal only; anything: erein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.,

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Hhat if apypersonor perfoos shall at any time or times be sued. Defendants nolested, qr prosecuted for anything by bim or them done or raaf acecuted in purfuaqce of this act, or of any matter or thing gencrai herein contained, such person or perfyts shall and may plead he general site, and give the speciqj matter in evidenc^jor his r their defence and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or lefendants, .or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or heir action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against tim or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant r defendants shall have treble costs to him qr them awarded an?.rec, I? gftin^ Inch, plaintiff or plaintiffs, treble costs

- XL

in Oil ftr granting Johis Majtfly additional duties on Knots printed

painted famed, tr dyed in Great Britain; and for granting ter tain duties on cotton fluff's bleached pr dyed in Great Britain and

sn liuntesj fm pleaching or dying the f and upon the.

tation tffuffs nude.if, or mixed with cotton, not painted, flatbed, or dytdtn foreign parts.

Mod gracious Sovereign, .

117 £, 'your hfajesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble 7 commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary fiipplies for your majesty's public ex >ences, tiave cheerfully resolved to give and grant to your Majesty he.additional rateis and duties herein after mentioned, upon all inens which shall be printed, painted, (lained, or dyed in Great Britain, and the several rates and duties herein after mentioned ipon all duffs made bf cotton and linen mixed, and duffs wholly nade of cotton wool, wove in Great, which shall be ither bleached or dyed in Great Britain, and upon licences for teaching or dying such duffs made of cotton and linen mixed, nd duffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain ", nd do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may 4 enabled; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent

majesty.

59 Anno vicesimo quarto cjeorgh III C 40. [ 1784.

"*3**' by and the avec and consent of the lord fpi lomn? addi ntua* an temporal, and commons, in this present parliament tiona*duties assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and to be paid to after the first day of Oftoher* one thousand seven hundred and hie Majesty eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, fdiolu^made to anc^u^c hi Majesty, his heirs and successors, for of hemp or an opon all linens wholly made of hemp or flax, which, at flax, and any time or times after the said first day of q$obtry one thou ftuffi made of sand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be printed, painted, cotton*and or dyed in Great Britain, (such linens as shall be dyed

linen, reckon throughout of one colour pnly, always excepted), the additional ingyard wide; rates and duties herein after expressed over and above all other videlicet, duties payable for the same; that is to say.

For all linens fr an up°n*nens wholly made of hemp or flair, to be made of hemp printed, painted, stained, or dyed as aforesaid, in Great Britain or flax, print (fudh linens as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only, ed, «lyed, <fec. always excepted), the sum of three farthiqgs for every yard in Sn 7ex«rptength» reckoning yard wide, and after that rate for a greater tbofc dyedp or lesser quantity: throughout of one colour), three farthings per yard t

For cotton For and upon ah ft115 made of cotton and linen mixed, and (tufts, and (tuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain to

cotton and be bleached or dyed as aforesaid in Great Britain, (not bring

dyed airfare awns or gau^s of linen, ornamented, figured, or fprigged with said in Great cotton), which shall be under the value of three Shillings by the Britain, (not yard in length, without respect to the breadth, before the lame being Imen shall be bleached or dyed, the sum of one penny for every yard in ^ed^itfeot" fcogtfh reckoning yard wide, and after that rate fora greater dr founder'lesser quantity:

3*. per yard in value, —*i d. per yard s

For all such And for and upon all stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, stuffs as afore, ancj stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain ssfperymrd, to* bleached or dyed as aforesaid in Great Britaint (not bring or upwards, 'lawns or gauzes of linen, ornamented, figured, or fprigged ad. per yard, with cotton), which shall be of the value of three Shillings by the yard in length, without respect to the breadth, or of greaser value, before the same shall be bleached or dyed, tbfc luoa of twopence for every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforeud, New duties to That the said duties upon linens, printed, painted, stained or Jj? fu$ifv t01 dyed Great Britain, and upon stuffs made of cotton aoi imports of linen m*xe^> and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in percent, on Great Britain shall be subject and liable to the additional duties the amount or imposts of five pounds per centum and five pounds feran* arreted*b* tum an ve p°v»nds ptr centum, on the produce and amount Geo. 3 CI t^erco^ refpcdlively, in the same manner, and under the ham at Geo. % , C regulations as the additional duties of five pounds per centnm* 17 j and 11 five pounds ter centum, and five pdunds per centum arc granted eco. & C 66. q his Majellty by three several acts of parliament made in the

nine

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 40. 597

nineteenth, twenty first, and twenty second years of his preterit majesty's reign.

III And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That the said duties by this act imposed uport all linens wholly Duties on made of hemp or flax, so printed, painted, stained, or dyed in luieiis to be Great Britain, shall, from time to time be raised, levied, afcer reco^re/iiv tained, secured, collected, answered, and paid, by such ways the same man. and means, and under such management, and under such pe ner as those Dairies and forfeitures, and with the like discounts, allowances, imposed by exemptions, and drawbacks, and in such manner and form as the duties imposed upon the same commodities, by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for laying several a 10 Ann, duties upon soap, paper, chequered and flriped linens, and upon cer C91 tain fills, calicoes, linens, and stuffs, printed, painted, or stained

other things thereby charged), towards raising the futn, of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, therein mentioned; or by another act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for laying additional duties on soap and paper, and and i Anns, upon certain linens, silks, calicoes, and fluff's, amongst other thihgs C 9> C thereby charged, towards raising the sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, therein mentioned, or by any other act or acts of parliament by either of the said two acts of Queen Anne referred unto, or by any other act of parliament since made, are to be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered, and paid.

IV And, for the better securing the duties by this act granted upon all linens wholly made of hemp or flax, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Greait Britain, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That such proper stamps or seals shall, on or before On or before the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty Odt. r, 1784., four, be provided and distributed by the commissioners for ma j^nboted by naging the several duties by the said two former act, and by lhe commis this act, chargeable on the said commodities, as may serve to Goners for denote the payment or charging of the several duties by this act managing thd and the said former acts, chargeable on the same commodities on respectively; and that the said stamps or seals by this act direct,

ed to be provided, shall be used and applied accordingly, and which may be shall and may, from time to time, be renewed or altered by renewed or the said commissioners as often as they shall see fit so renew or altere<1* alter the same.

V And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all provhlons of the powers, authorities, rules, directions, pains of death, and former acts other pains, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and ^jeghefeby things whatsoever, contained in the said several acts of the tenth enlarged, ex and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, for raising, re tended to this ceiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the duties a

on such commodities as are by this act charged with additional duties, or touching the stamps thereby or hereby directed, shall be continued, practised, and put in execution for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the additional duties by this act charged upon the same commodities,

Voi, XXXIV S f and

Front Oft. i, 1784, the following duties on licences to be paid to his Majesty j videlicet.

Every bleacher or dyer of cotton stuffs, See. al. per ann.

From Oft. f, 1784, no per. son to bleach or dye any such stuffs, without taking out a licence.

Licences in England and Wales, by whom to be granted s

and in Scotland.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii UJ. c.40. {17*4.

and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to au interns and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in this present act

VI And be it further enabled: by the authority sfonefaid. That there shall be paid to his l^lajesty, his heirs and fucceflora, from and after the first day of October9 one thousand feym hundred and eighty-four, the several duties herein after mentioned, for and upon the several licences to be taken out in manner herein after mentioned, by all bleachers or dyers, within Great Britain, of (luff's made of cotton and lipen mixed, or (buffi wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain; that is to lay.

Every bleacher or dyer of stuffs made of cotton and line mixed, or of duffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, shall take out a licence, and pay for the same yearly the sum of two pounds.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of Oftobtr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, qo person or perlom vrbatfo ever, who now doth, or at any time hereafter shall bdeath or dye any duffs made of cotton and linen mixed, or any ftofis wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, & au pe fupie by him, her, or themselves, or by any other person .or persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, forhii, her, or their benefit, either publicly or privately, to bleacher dye any such stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, or wbovy made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, without first taking out a licence for that purpose in manner herein after mentioned, before he, (he, or they shall bleach or dye any such duffs as aforesaid; for which licence he, (he, or they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay down foi the same the sum of two pounds in manner following; that is to say. If fitdt licence be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, then such licence shall be granted under the heads and seals of two or more of his majesty's commissionera ofex cife for the time being, or of such person or personas the cogh missioners of excise shall from time to time appoint for that pqr pose, and the duty for the same shall be paid at she chief cjffice of excise in London; or if such licence shall be taken our in lay part of England not within the said limits, or in Woks vc Berwick upon Tweed, then such licence shall be granted under the hands and seals of the collectors and supervisors of excise naihln their respecuve collections and didri&s, and the duty for jibe same shall be paid to the collector of excise within whose collection such licence shall be so granted: and in case such hcenoe shall be taken out within the limits of the city of b4mkergby such licence shall be granted under the hands and seats of two or more of his majesty's commissionars of excifo in Sentinelfor

the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioo

1^54^1 Anno vicesimo quarto Gftoftoii III c.40. 599

tts of excise in Scotland shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the duty for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh; or if such licence shall be taketl out ih any other pafrt of Scotland, without the limits aforesaid, then such licence shall be granted under the hands and seals of the colleflors and supervisors of excise within their reppetfive collections and diftriifts, and the duty for the same shall be paid so the collector of ekeife within whose collection such licence shall be so granted; ahd such respective commissioners of ekdfe, and the persons foto be appointed by them respectively, and e so all such collectors, are hereby respectively authorised arid required to grant and deliver such licences to the persons who N shall apply for the same, upon their paying the duty hereinbefore mentioned.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That every perforl or persons who shall take out any such LI Licences to be cence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take Out a fresh rene.^c<1 licence, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve calendar nuaiy* months after taking out the first licence, before he, (he, or they pteflime to bleach or dye any such stuffs as aforesaid, and in the fattie manner to renew every such licence from year to year, paying down the like sum of two pounds for every new or renewed licence, in the manner, and at the places and times hereinbefore mentioned: and if any.person or persons shall, after the Perrons (kid first day of Oflbbei', one thousand seven hundred and eighty bkaebing.ftc. four, prefome or offer to bleach or dye arty such stuffs as afore outaji "aid, without first taking out such licence, and renewing the cence, and ame yearly, in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall respec renewing the tively forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds for each offence: £a.mc to.tof* provided always, That persons in partnership, and carrying on p f their trade and biifinefs in any one house or place only, shall partnership sot be obliged to take out more than one licence in any one need not take fear for. carrying On such trade; and that no one licence which out more than hall be granted by virtue of this at, shall authorise or empower nc lienee my person or persons to whom the same shall be granted, to for oue ouc* bleach or dye any such stuffs as aforesaid in any other house or ilace than the house wherein he, (He, or they did bleach or dye ueh stuffs as aforesaid, or in places thereto belonging, at the ime of granting such licence.

IX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That such of the said duties as*are charged upon such licences Duties to be n England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the ma mder the management of the commissioners and officers of his "ommissionerf Vldefty*9 revenue of excise in England for the time being; and of excise. uch of the said duties as are charged upon such licences in scot 'and, shall be under the management of the commissioners and >fficers of excise in Scotland.

X And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That all and every person and persons whatsoever, who, on or Bleachers and before the said first day of Oftobet, one thousand seven hundred AY*T* to m.d.. eighty-four, shall bleach or dye any stuffs made of cotton excifa

S f 2 and

6oo

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c.40. £1784.

names and places of aoode, Sec,

and of their utcnfils,

on penalty of 501.

office of their and linen mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great J Britain, so that a duty shall be payable by this al upon the

bleaching or dying the same, shall on or before the said first day of obober^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, give or leave notice in writing, at the next office of excite, of their respective names and places of abode, and of the place or places where every such person or persons do usually bleach or dye such stuffs as aforesaid; and that all and every such bleacher or dyer, as often as he, (he, or they shall change their .ces of bleaching or dying any of the said stuffs, and all and C cry per soil and persons who at any time shall be a bleacher o: dyer of any such stuffs as aforesaid, shall give or leave the like notice of their respective names and places of abode, and of the rooms and places where they shall respectively work or intend to work in such bleaching or dying, and of the places where they respectively shall dry or intend to dry any such stuffs as aforesaid, and of all coppers, fats, and other utensils by them used in bleaching or dying, before they respectively presume to work tn any such new or other place or places, or to use such copper, sat, or other utensil, upon pain to forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every neglect or default by not giving such notice as aforesaid.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaks, Bleachers and That, from and after the said first day of obober, one thousand dyers to make seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every person and persons entry eveiy w bleach or dye any such stuffs as aforesaid, upon the

bleaching or dying whereof a duty is chargeable by this av. % shall, once in every six weeks, make a true entry in writing, at the next office of excise, of all such stuffs as aforesaid so by him, her, or them several ly bleached or dyed within every such six weeks respectively, which entries shall contain the just kinds and quantities thereof; and if such bleacher or dyer be not the true owner of such stuffs, or any of them, so bleached or dyed, then, and in every such case, he, (he, or they, in every such entry, shall specify the names and places of abode of the persons who are the owners thereof, or for whose account they re spectively do bleach or dye the same; which entry shall be made upon the oath of the bleacher or dyer, or of his, her, or their chief workman employed, to the best of their knowledge and belief, or, being a Quaker, upon his or her solemn affirmation; and the said oaths and affirmations to verify such entries shall and may be administered by the proper collector or superviior of the diftiitf within which such bleacher of dyer doth inhabit, without any see of charge for the same.

XII Provided always. That no person, for the making such entries, oaths, or affirmations as, are last mentioned, shall be

' obliged to go or send further than the market town where his or her stuffs made of cotton only, or of cotton and linen mixed, are bleached or dyed, or the next market town to the place of bleaching'or dying the same.

XIU. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

Th it

six weeks.

Names and places of abode of the owners to be specified.

Need not go further than the next mar ket town for making entries.

[ 7&4-1 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III c.40. 601

That all and every person and persons who shall bleach or dye Duties to be

my such stuffs as aforesaid in Great .Britain shall from time to

: ime, within six weeks after he, (he, or they shall make, or

Dught to have made, such entry as aforesaid, clear off all the

aid duties which shall be then due or remain unpaid for all

uch stuffs as shall have been bleached or dyed by him, her, or

hem respetftivety as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting, for every 0n p?narty of

iefault therein, double the sum of the same duties whereof the forfeiting

payment shall be so neglected; and that no such person, after

uch default in payment made, shall deliver or carryout, or pajd#c

rause to be delivered or carried out, any such bleached or dyed

^oods, until he hath paid and cleared off his duty, on pain to orfeit double the value of the goods so delivered or carried

dut.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all and every the officers of excise shall at all times, by day Officers may, : r by night, and if in the night, then in the presence of a constable, ^crthe r other lawful officer of the peace, be permitted, upon his or their houses, See. of 'equest, to enter into the house, workhouse, dryinghouse, ware bleachers or aouse, field, or other place, belonging to or used by any person or dyers, and Derfons who shall bleach or dye any such stuffs as aforesaid, and

0 take a just account of the kinds and quantities thereof which make report hall have been bleached or dyed by such person or persons thereof to the: rom time to time, and shall thereof make a report or return in commission writing to the respective commissioners of excise, or such per ers>

bn or persons as they respectively shall appoint to receive the ame; leaving a true copy, if demanded, of such report, in Copy of rewriting under his hand, with or for the said bleacher or dyer p?rt to bheft espectively, and such report or return shall be a charge upon^blca" very such bleacher or dyer respectively; and if the said officer*hall refuse or neglect to give or leave a true copy of his report it the time of taking such account, the same being demanded on penalty of is aforesaid, every such officer, for every such offence, shall for 40s. eit the sum of forty Shillings to every such bleacher or dyer re 'peftively.

XV Provided always, That every officer who shall be im Officers im fxwered to make such charge as is last mentioned, shall, in the {^vtuch0 first place, be sworn for the due and faithful execution of his charge, 0 to be office, and the oath in that behalf shall and may beadministered sworn

by all or any of the commissioners of excise, or by any of his vlajesty's justices of the peace, who shall give to such officer

1 certificate thereof.

XVI Andy for the better preventing of fraudsy be it further

mailed, That all and every the officers of excise shall also be Officers may >ermltted to take an account of the quantities of the said stuffs at any time, which shall at any time or times be in the cullody or possession countofttuffo f any bleacher or dyer to be bleached or dyed j and in case any posies >fficer shall mils any quantity or quantities of such stuffs where fion of any )she had taken an account at his last survey, then, and in bleacher, jvefy such case, such officer shall charge such bleacher or dyer

S f 3 with

Anno vicesimo quarto geof qu Ilk C 49* vrith the duties of such stuffs so missing, as if the same w bleached or dyed.

Persons ob XVII And be it enacted, That if any person or performs v|ho

certo forfeit b^cac^ or ye any & the af°re^d, shall ohftru&,

acol r CU hinder any of the said officers in the execution of the pp^ers given by this act for afeettaining and fecuring the duties thtfcf upon, the offenders therein, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XVIII And be it further enabled by the authority afore&ud. Staffs prepar That if any bleacher or dyer of stuffs made of cotton and Jipen ed for bleach mixed, or wholly made of cotten wool, wove in Great Britain (bait before mea? bleach or dye such stuffs, or prepare the same for bleaching .41 Cured! &c?by dying, before the same shall have been measured and marked it the officer, to both ends thereof by the officer of excise with a frame mark de be forfeited, noting the measure thereof, then, and in every such case, be edcv0*ef0r^f bleached or dyed, or preparing for bleaching or

pl.ccc* dying, before being so measured and marked by the officer, shall be forfeited, and the bleacher or dyer, in whose potfeffioa the same (hah be found, shall forfeit; twenty pounds for every piece.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforeiiud.

Bleached That no person or persons who shall bleach or dye any of the itre* no0ed° c^argea^c w*lh lie duties by this act, shall

unblth/offi movo, carry, or send away, or suffer to be removed, carried or cer have lent away, any of the said (tuffs by him, her, or them bleached! taken an ac dyed, until such time as the proper officer shall have taken an and"*arked^ accownt f every particular quantity of such duffs foto be car the same C rie away and unt»l every particular piece or parcel or tem

1 nant of such stuffs, be duly marked at both ends thereof with a damp or seal, or damps or seals, denoting the charging tjbtf duty as this act directs, on pain of forfeiting the Him of twenty on penalty of pounds for every such offence 5 and that all such duffs, so car forfeiture. ried away without being marked with a.damp or seal, or damps or seals, denoting the charging the said duties, and being found in the possession of jmy draper, or other trader or dealer thermo, or of any person for the use of such draper, trader, or dealer, for sale, shall be forfeited, and may be fei^ed by any officer of excise..

And be it further enacted by the authority afbrc&id, That in case any bleacher or dyer of such duffs as aforesaid oumbeoffi 1 wilfully cut out, obliterate or deface, or wildilly foffir cer's mark to to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced, the frame mark put denote the by the officer on any piece of such duffs as aforesaid, to de measure, shall nqtc the measure thereof, every such bleacher or dyer (hallfor* torteit 101. feit the sum Of tcn pl, n(js for every piece on which the said Goods forvey frame mark shall be so wilfully cut out, obliterated, or defretd* ed to be kept XXI And it is hereby further enacted. That all and every patate from he said bleachers and dyers of such duffs as aforesaid, shall v«y«*h 0t iur" from l*mc to t'me ^eep muah of the lame goods as shall not have been farveyed and taken an account Of by the prope office

Anm> vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 40.' 603

?ers* fepttrafe and apart from all others of the same kind which shall have been surveyed and taken an account of by such officers, on pain to forfeit, for every offence therein, the sum of five pounds.

XXII And be if further enacted, Thit if any of the said Nogoods to okachefs or dyers shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to befraudulent e hid and concealed, any such stuffs before or after the same, y concealed, ire bleached or dyed, with intent to deceive his Majesty, of orphan'd* Ik just duties by this act granted, then, and in every such case, alfothc goods he party so offending shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for

jvery such offence, and all the stuffs which shall.be found in my private workhouse, or other place whereof no notice shall lave been given as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be be forced by any officer of excise.

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforefard,

That all the utensils and instruments for the bleaching or dying Utensilsto be iny such stuffs as aforesaid, in the custody of any such bleacher liable toar r dyer as aforesaid, or of any person or persons to the use of, or jar, ofdiw ntruft for them, or any of them, shall be liable to, and are here ie, # by made chargeable with all the debts and duties in arrear and ywing by such bleacher or dyer for any such stuffs bleached or" dyed by him or them, or in his or their workhouses or places aboresaid; and shall be also subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or persons so using such workhouse or there place, for any offence against this act relating to the du ies on such stuffs as aforesaid so bleached or dyed; and it shall oe lawful, in all such cases, to levy debts and penalties, and use'uch proceedings as may lawfully be done by this act, in relation to such goods, in case the debtor or offender were the true ind lawful owner of the same.

XXIV And, for the better afeertaming, charging, tollefling,

'rvjsing, raising, and fe curing, the several duties by this act imposed ipon all fluff's made of cotton and linen mixed, or wholly made of cot on wool, wave in Great Britain, bleached or dyed in Great Britain, wd for preventing frauds concerning the same; be it further enact;

; by the authority aforesaid. That such of the said duties as Dutiesoncotire chargeable upon such stuffs bleached or dyed in England, tonne stuffs, C tvales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the management to be undtr of the commissioners and officers of excise in England for the the manage ime being; and such of the said duties as are chargeable upon uch stuffs bleached or dyed in Scotland, shall be under the ma excise. tagement of the commissioners and officers of excise in Scotland or the time being.

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Comraiffion that the respective commissioners of excise shall; on or before ers to provide he first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*frame marks, our, provide proper frame marks, to denote the measure of such to denote the luffs as aforesaid, and proper seals or damps, to denote the ftampsto^e barging the duties thereon, and shall cause the said respective note the du rame marks, seals and (lamps, to be distributed to the respec ties.

ive officers for the several pifrpofes before mentioned; which

S f 4 officers

69f Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 40. [1784.

officers are hereby enjoined and required, in using thcxame, to do no hurt or damage, or the lead damage that may be, to the duffs to be so marked or damped; and the said damps, or any of them, may be altered or renewed from time to tjine, a*the said respective commissioners shall from time to time think fit: Persons frau anfany Peffon or persons whatsoever shall, at any time or times dulentlycoun hereafter, counterfeit or forge any damp or seal to referable any terfeiting damp or seal which shall be provided in pursuance of this act,

itampt, to denote the charging the duties on the said Huffs, or dull

counterfeit or resemble the impreleon of the same upon any of the duffs chargeable by this act, thereby to defraud his ma jedy, his heirs or successors, of the said duty hereby granted, then every person so offending, being thereof convicted in doe to suffer death form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as as felons. in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy: and if any person

Penalty on or persons shall, at any time or times hereafter, sell any such

persons fell stuffs as aforesaid with a counterfeit (lamp thereon, knowing the

with^coun^ kme to counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his terfeit stamp Majesty, his heirs and successors, all and every such offender thereon. end offenders, their aiders, abettors, and assistants, being duly, convicted as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit, and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall be adjudged to (land in the pillory, in some public place, for the space of two hours.

XXVI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, If any such That at any time or times, upon oath made by any credible (tuffs arc fuf person or persons, that he, (he, or they have reason tofofpcd pefted to be or believe that any such stuffs as aforesaid, for which a duty

0usht to have been Paid or charged by this af are or shall he C unit amp in custody or possession of any draper, or other person or ed, the com persons trading or dealing therein, or of any person or perfos minioners, C for the use or account of such draper, or other trader or dealer, warrant to or wllhout having thereupon such seals or (lamps as are

search for the ty ac required to denote the payment, or charging the

fom$t said duties thereupon, it shall and may be lawful for the respective

commissioners of excise, or any two of them, within their respective limits, or for any two justices of the peace in any other parts of Great Britain, from, time to time, to issue their respe6uve warrants or orders, thereby authoring and requiring any officer or officers of excise, with the assistance of a conftabte or other officer of the peace, in the daytime, to search for the same, and to open doors, chests, trunks, and packages, and to feize/uch stuffs, and to bring them to the excise office next to the place where they shall be so seized, in order, to a further proceeding thereupon according to this act; and that every such warrant and order shall be obeyed and executed accordingly.

XXVII and^for the better ascertaining the duties U be paid sir suchfujfs as aforesaid, be it further enabled by the authority

pkcc°f af°rela, C That every manufacturer of the said stuffs, or other marked be v*rton who shall put out or send any of the said stuffs to be fore bleached, bleached or dyed, shall mark every piece, or pepmapt of a piece,

It

1784*3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgia. C 40,

6 C 5

it both end thereof, with a mark, containing in words at length his or her name apd place of abode, and also the price or value; that is to say, whether the said fluff be of the price or value of three Shillings or upwards, or under the value of three 'Shillings by the yard in length without respect to the breadth thereof 5 and shall also deliver a note in writing with A note to be the said stuffs to the bleacher or dyer, expressing the number of delivered to pieces, their quality and Value; that is to say, whether of the ^edb, C value of three Shillings by the yard in length, or upwards, or puffing the under that value as aforesaid, and the time when delivered to number of such bleacher or dyer; which note the said bleacher or dyer pieces, C shall deliver to the officer who is to take an account of the said stuffs before the same shall be bleached or dyed, on pain that every piece of such fluff, not so marked as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise; and that penalty on tyre manufacturer or other person putting out or sending such omitting piece, not so marked as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose tie cher oubc ftwn of twenty pounds; and that every bleacher or dyer who ti0nedpluti shall bleach or dye any such stuffs as aforesaid on his own ac cubes count, shall, before he begins to, bleach or dye the same, mark each ^)iece, or remnant of a piece, at both ends thereof, with a mark, containing in words at length his or her name and place of abode, and also the quality and the price or value; that is to say, whether the said fluff be of the price or value of three Shillings or upwards, or under the value of three Shillings by the yard in length without respeil to the breadth thereof, before he begins to bleach or dye the same, on pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every neglect; and also that the said duffs, not so marked as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise: and in case any such manu Penalty on fadturer or other person, so putting out or sending such stuffs to faliely mark be bleached or dyed.as aforesaid, or any such bleacher or dyer, b!s.a, iy Puc shall mark any piece or remnant of such stuffs, being really of 01 u f the value of three Shillings or upwards by the yard in length without respect to the breadth thereof, as being under the value of three Shillings by the yard in length, every such piece or remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise, and the owner thereof shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence.

XXVIII And whereas it may happen, in the bleaching or dying the said fluff's, that the frame marks sit thereupon by the officer of excise, to denote the measure thereof may unavoidably become obliterated or defaced; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That When frame when the said frame marks shall become obliterated or defaced, j£meobhter the bleacher or dyer, who shall bleach or dye the said stuffs, atc(j, they are shall give notice thereof to the officer of excise under whose fur to be renewed vey he is, and require the said officer to renew the said frame

mark, who shall renew the same accordingly. Stuffs for

XXIX And be it further enacted by the authority afore wbic^the r: J 'T"L " " 1 -, f e -- -- -- -- -- r " ' has been

VMM.*

vie may be for exported.

6o6

Stuffs reland dafter topping thereof for exportation, to be forfeited.

Exporters of goods for which the duties have been paid, entitled to a drawback.

Directions relative to ex porting ituffs,

Anno vicel&no quarto gsor'oli HL & b [1784.

for any such stuffs as aforesaid, bleached or dydd m Greet tri tattiy and for any other pdrfon or persons who fh&hbby, cir be lawfully entitled to any such stuffs as aforesaid, froffi the perfott or persons who actually paid his majesty's duties payable bj this afor the same, to export any such stuffs, for which At duty was so paid, for any foreign parts, by way of ttkithiodze, giving fufticient security before the shipping thereof that Ac particular quantities so intended to b exported, and every pan thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and not be rekwm or brought again into any port of Great Britain; which fecwitj the customer or collector of the port of exportation (had tab in his majesty's name, and to his use: provided always, Tint ifj after the shipping of any such stuffs, and the giving or tendering such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the allowance or drawback herein after mentioned, the same, or ant part thereof, shall be relanded in any part of Great Britehi that then, and in every such case, (over and above the penalty of the the bond which shall be levied and recovered to his mi jesty's use)) the said stuffs which shall be (b landed, or tk value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XXX And it is also hereby enaested, That anyperfcnor persons, who shall export any Ibch stuffs as aforesaid, to or for any foreign parts, shall and may make proof, upon oath, (or, beirig Quakers, by affirmation, ) that the duties thereon hast been paid or secured according to this at, (which oath or affirmation the customer or collector of the port of exportation is hereby required and empowered to administer)) thereopon the said customer or colte&or of the said port of exportation shall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, txpre^ iing the true kinds and quantities of the said stuffs, bleached or dyed, so exported; and the exportation thereof being certified by the searcher upon the said debenture, the collector appointed to receive the said duties upon such stuffs as aforesaid, in tk county or place where such exportation was made, upon producing the said debenture so certified to him, shall forthwith pay the duties which shall have been received upon this act fa the stuffs so exported, to the persons so exporting the same, or their agents; and if such collector shall not have money inks hands to pay any such debenture, then the respective comtfiffi oners of excise are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the said debenture out of any duties arising by this&; or it the duty of the stuffs so exported were only secured, and shall remain unpaid, then the same shall be discharged upon the security for the same.

XXXI Andy far the better preventing the relanding any fab stuffs as Shall be exported, to receive a drawback of the duties then upon be it further ena<fled by the authority aforesaid, Th

- and after the said first day of October, one thousand fcwni hundred and eighty-four, all and every person and persons that | shall export any such stuffs as aforesaid, for which a drawback is to be allowed, before he or they shall ship thetaid ftoffc*«

r 784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c.40. toy

>rder to dbttin the drawback for the (acne, (had be obliged to; ive notice to the proper officer or officers to beppowed foe bat purpose by the respective commissionefs of ihe custoaas, when and where he will pack, up the said stuffs, in order to be exported i and the said commissioners of the customs are hereby empowered and directed to cause such officer to take care to ee that such leal or seals, damp or damps, denoting that the aid duties upon such duffs are paid or charged, be taken off roqi every piece so intended to be exported and the said osier or officers shall take an account of the kinds and quantities f the duffs lb intended to be exported, and make a return hereof to the officer that shall be appointed by such commidi >ners to receive the same, without any fee or reward for (b loing: provided always, That the said officer or officers shall rot permit to be packed up, in order to be exported, and shall rot take off such seal or seals, damp or damps, denoting that ho said duties have been paid or charged, from any piece of trcli duffs as aforesaid, not having the frame mark, denoting; he measure thereof, distinct and plain thereupon, and not ob iterated nor defaced.

XXXIL And be it further enacted. That such of the said Stuffs charged tuffs, as shall have been charged with the respective duty afore on bleaching, aid on the bleaching thereof, and shall afterwards be dyed of charged onne

colour throughout, shall not be charged again with the said being dyed of lutios upon being so dyed as aforesaid. one colour

XXXIII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority tfore&id, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and From f

aid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucccflbrs, ditionatdutv or nd upon all stuffs made of or mixed with cotton not of id. q. per printed, painted, stained, or dyed in foreign parts, (except yard square, uch stuffs as.are prohibited to be used or worn in Great Bri* on

ains) which, from and after the said first day of October* one [ionot^uffs houfand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be imported of made of or brought into this kingdom, qver and above all customs fubfi mixed with dies, and duties already imposed tliereon, the sum of one penny cotton not halfpenny for every yard square \ the said duty shall be s^vu^fur »lfo subject and liable to an additional impostor duty of five reign parts, pounds per centum and five pounds per centum thereon, which Duty liable to were imposed by two several as made in the nineteenth and the import of wenty second years of his majesty's reign, for granting to bit S; percent. tylajefly additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under p^f^by'ro" be management of the respective commissioners of the customs and ex Geo. 3 C 15 j ife in Great Britain. and % % Geo. $

XXXIV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority C 66* jfbrclaid, That the said duties herein before granted upon the xnportation of such duffs, made of or mixed with cotton, shall undo the mi:

: under the management and diretfion of the commissioners nagement of ?f his majesty's cudoms in England and Scotland respectively, thecommissi*. ind shall be paid down in ready money, without any discount oners of cuf r deduction whatsoever, and shall be drawn back upon the tom

pcconation of the same goods and the said duty and drawback Duty and

shall drawback to

tjr

6o8

be levied and recovered in the same manner at the former duties and drawbacks.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

The powers

and penalties In act is Car. a. C 14, See. relative to excise duties, shall be applied in executing this act.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 46: £1784;

shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed in the same manner and form, and under such reftfudions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are refpcc^ lively raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where any alteration is made by this act, ) as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, in any ad or acfcs F parliament relating thereto, were particularly repealed and again enacted in the body of this present act.

XXXV And be it further enabled by the authority afore said. That all the moneys arising by the duties by this at granted (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster, separate and apart from all other duties 5 and shall be a fund for the payment of the /everai annuities and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present fd fion Of parliament, intituled, An act for raising a certain Jim: / money by way of annuities and for establishing a lottery.

XXXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, ! clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his majesty's revenue of excise, or inland duties under the management of the commissioners of dtp*; are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjuging or ascertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, deteding, and puniftung frauds relating thereto (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are prescribed by this act, ) shall beex ercifed, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying, the several duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and tilings, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

XXXVII And be it further enacted by the authority foresaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, respecting the inland duties imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, ox mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, w by adiori of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in of any his

majesty's

7?4*] Anno vicesimo quarto G50RGII III C 41, 609

*£ajesty*s courts of record at Westminster^ or in the court of ex hequer in Scotland respectively j and that one moiety of every uch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his teirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who hall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced Limitation of tgainst any person or persons, for anything by him or them aftiont. lone in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be com nenced within three months next after the matter or thing lone, and shall belaid in the proper county; and the defendant: r defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, General iflar. tnd give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial o be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for He defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall aecome nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them. Treble costs against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLI

An act for laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of and dealers in, exciseable commodities therein mentioned.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the hecessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several rates and duties upon licences herein after mentioned; and do hereby most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth day of September, one fromseptto, thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be paid to his i7*4» the fol majesty, his heirs and successors, the several and respective du to

ties herein after mentioned, for and upon the several and re pafd to*hi« [peduve licences to be taken out in manner herein after menti Majesty; vide oned, by all makers, and manufacturers, within Great Britain, licet,

; f the several and respective commodities herein after mentioned; that is to say.

On or before the said tenth day of September, one thousand For fmajl beet seven hundred and eighty-four, every common brewer of small brevrers, si. or table beer, not being a common brewer of strong beer, shall

take

Si

Strong beer brewer, who brew yearly not more than j, ooo barrel, L to

Ditto, between 1, 000 and », ooo barrel, si

Ditto, bet ween

2.000 and

5.000 barrels,

51-

Ditto, between 5, 000 and 7, 500, 7i. 1 os.

Strong beer brewers, who brew yearly between 7, 500 and 10, 000 barrels, sol

Ditto, between 10, 000 and0, 000 barrels, 20l.

Ditto, between

20.000 and

30.000 barrels, 30u

Ditto, between

30.000 and

40.000 bar relsj 40l

Anno vitesimo quarto g&orgir III C 4^ [1784 take" out a licence, and pay far the famethefbm afoot pound :

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, (bailtab out a licence, and pay for the same the Turn of one pound, to Shillings, if the quantity of beer brewed, by him shall note cccd, within the year, ending the fifth day of Julyin each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity one thontoj barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, (talitiki out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of two pounds, I the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within da year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous tote taking out the licence, the quantity of one thousand barrel, and be under two thousand barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, (halltab out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of five pounds, I the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within tin year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of two thousand bafrtfc, and be under five thousand barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, shall tab out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of seven pounds, ten Shillings, if the quantity of beer brewed by him (hill exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of five thousand barrels, and be under seven thousand five hundred barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, shall take out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of ten pounds, II the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of seven thousand five hundred barrels, and be under ten thousand common barrels: Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, shall take out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of twenty pound, if the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to to taking out the licence, the quantity of ten thousand barrels, and be under twenty thousand barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, (hahtike out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of thirty pounds, I the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day ot July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of twenty thousand barrels, and be under thirty thousand barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, flttbtib out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of forty pounds, # the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, pntnoos to hi taking out the licence, the quantity of thirty thoufsmd barrels, and be under forty thousand barrels;

i Everf

le

78+.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 41.

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, shall take ut a licence, and pay for the same the sum of fifty pounds, if le quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the ear, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his iking out the licence, the quantity of forty thousand barrels: Every distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, for sale or for xportation, and every rectifier of spirits, shall takeout a licence; hich licence shall be charged with a yearly sum equal to the a nount of one halfpenny gallon of the contents of every (till or tills of each description, which shall have been in the possession of very such distiller or reifier within the year, ending the Lfth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the icence:

Every brandy dealer, or person selling brandy or other airkuous liquors, not being a retailer, and not being a reifier, hall take out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of five rounds':

Every maker of mead for sale shall take out a licence, and ay for the same the sum of one pound :

Every maker of any kind of sweets, other than mead, for ale, shall take out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of ive pounds:

Every maker of vinegar for falc shall take out a licence, and ay for the same the sum of ten pounds:

Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of five Shillings, if he quantity or malt made by him shall not exceed, within the rear, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previ us to his taking out the licence, the quantity of fifty quarters: Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of ten Shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the year, mding the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to iu taking out the licence, the quantity of fifty quarters, and ?e under one hundred quarters:

Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a hence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of fifteen Shillings, f the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the pear, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previ )u to his taking out the licence, the quantity of one hundred juarters, and be under one hundred and fifty quarters:

Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a icence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of one pound, if he quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the pear, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of one hundred ind fifty quarters, and be under two hundred quarters:

Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a LI: and pay for the same the yearly sum of one pound, five Shillings, if the, quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each

year.

6 it

Ditto, exceeding 40, 000 barrels, job

Every distiller of low wines or spirits, and every reifier, Hull take out a licence, and'pay, C

Brandy dealers, not being retailers or rectifiers, to payjl Makers of mead, for sale, 11.

Makers of other sweets, 51-

Makers of vinegar, iql

majfters, who make not more than 50 quarters annually, 5s,

Those who make more than 50, and less than too, quarters, lot.

Between 100 and 150 quarters, 15s.

Maltsters, who make between 150 and too quarters, il.

Ditto, between 100 and 150 quarters, ll. s

i. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii 111. C 41. [1784.

year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity ot two hundred quarters, and be under two hundred and fifty quarters:

Ditto, between Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out i5° 300 licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of one pound, tea

ro?tm"u Shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of two hundred and fifty quarters, and be under three hundred quarters:

Ditto, he tween Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a

300 and 350 licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of one pound, & quarters, X teen Shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, 15s*; within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each

year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity a three hundred quarters, and be under three hundred and fifty quarrers:

ditto.between # Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out s 350 and 400 licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of two pounds, it quarters,1.: the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous 10 his taking out the licence, the quantity of three hundred and fifty quarters, and be under four hundred quarters: Maltsters, ho fevery maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a make between licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of two pounds, 400 and 450 five Shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, quarters, u within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each 5*year, previous to his takirig out the licence, the quantity oi

four hundred quarters, and be under four hundred and 'fifty quarters:

Ditto, between Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out 2 4.50 and 500 licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of two pounds, quarters, XL ten Shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, los; within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each

year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity 0: four hundred and fifty quarters, and be under five hundred quarters:

Ditto, between Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a 500 and 550 licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of two pounds, quarters, »1. fifteen Shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall ex 15s, : ceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of jm\a

each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantin of five hundred quarters, and be under five hundred and fitly quarters:

Ditto, exceed Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a ing 550 quar licence, and pay for the same the yearly sum of three pounds, ters, 3I.J if the quantity of malt made by him (nail exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of five hundred and fifty quarters:

Every chandler or maker of candles, other than wax candles,

for

Ann vicesimo quarto Georgii III c.41. for sale, shall take out a licence, and pay for the same the sum Candle, make of one pound:

Every soap maker shall take out a licence, and pay for the soap makers, lame the sum of two pounds: % 1. f 9

Every paper ftainer, and every maker of paper, shall take out paper ftam & licence, and pay for the same the sum of two pounds: ' cr*> C!*

callico printer, and every printer, painter, or ftainer of Callico print silks, linens, cottons, or stuffs, shall take out a licence, and cric, o1*pay for the famd the sum of ten pounds:

Every larch maker shall take out a licence and pay for the starch make same the sum of five pounds: ers> 5*:

Every wire drawer, or other person who shall draw or cause Wire draw to be drawn any gilt or silver wire, commonly called Big Wirey tn*» take but a licence, arid pay for the same the sum of two pounds:

Every tinner within the bills of mortality or the borough Tanhers, f, of Southward shall take out a licence, and pay for the same the'sum of five pounds; and every other tanner the sum of two or si. ioi.j sounds, ten Shillings:

Every tawer shall take out a licence, and pay for the same Tawers, ili she sum of one pound :

'Every dresser of hides and skins in oil shall take out a licence Dressers of and pay ior the same the Turn of two pounds: ides in LI

Every currier shall take out a licence, and pay for the same*".. _

the sum of two pounds: turrier''-

Every maker of vellum or parchment shall take out a licence, vellum make. and pay for the same the sum of one pound: ers» C 11

Every glass maker shall take out a licence, for each and every Every g'afs glasshouse by him used, and pay for the same the sum of ten house, sol.t pounds:

II Provided always, and be it enacted, That any person orjtrong beer persons who shall, at anytime after the fifth day or ju/y9 one brewers to pay thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, first become a com mon brewer of strong beer sot faje, shall, before he or she shall brew any strong beer for sale, take out a licence, and pay for the same the sum of one pound, ten Shillings; and at the end and an addi* of any arid every year after the said fifth day of July, one thous, onal |ury Tand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall pay such further ad corthn ditional duty for such licence herein before charged, according quantity to the number of barrels of strong beer so brewed by him or her biewtd. within the preceding year, as herein before is directed.

III Provided always, and be it enabled, That if any person Brewers who who, before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred withdraw 3tnd eighty-four, was a common brewer of strong beer, shall ^efrehi withdraw his or her entry at the office of excise where he or flic oncf> to pa has made entry, and afterwards make a fresh entry at the same the whole or any other office of excise, he or she shall not be deemed a duty, person becoming a common brewer of strong beer since the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four,

Vol. XXXIV Tt but

Maltft wto pay 5 s. for a licence j

and an additional duty anmnlly according to the quantity made.

Maltsters who withdraw their entries, and make freihonet, to pay the whole duty.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III c.41.' Jijty.

but (hill pay the whole duty impdfed by this ij& upott mor her licence at the time of taking'out the fotnifc '' 2r r :

IV Provided always, and be it.enactedy That any pwfiacj

persons who shall, at any time after the owefttyi( % ^d£, d»fY June, one thousand (even hunted and eighty 46ufv firffbt come a maltster, or maker of malt forsale, shall, be fort imf (he shall make any malt for file, take oilt a licence, ahdpiy for the. same the sum of five Shillings; and at the epd of 'any and every year, after the said twenty-third day of jwfqte thousand fevea hundred and eighty foue, shall pay such furfbd additional duty for such licence herein before charged, according to the quantity of malt (o made by him within the precedin' year, as herein before is directed. <

V Provided always, and be it enacted. That if any perfiso, who, before the twenty-third day of ?«*#, one thoufuuriem hundred and eighty-four, was a maltster, or maker of tosh fcr file, shall withdraw his or her entry at the office of excise where he or Eh. has made entry, and afterwards make a ffefh entry t( the same or any other office of excise, he or she shall not be deemed a person becoming a maltster, or maker of malt (or sale, (ince the twenty-third day of Jant, one thousandfevea hundred and eighty-four, but shall pay the whole duty impow by this a&jppon his or her licence at the time of taking pot the same.

VI And be it further etla&edby the authority aforesaid, From Sept, to, That, from and after the said tenth day of one ttwa*

1784, no persan CL seven hundred and eighty-four, no person or perfom tsafr anvofthe '^oet€r w now doth, or at any time hereafter shall oukeor aforesaid manufacture.sny.of the commodities herein before mcfltjdwi, commodities, shall presume by him, her, or themselves, or byjatty otherper wkbout a LI f0n or persons whatsoever employed by. him, her, or them, for ttnce> his, her, or theirhendif, dtlter pqblicfcly or privately, tottukt or manufacture any of the commodities herein before ttesfm ed for sale, without first taking out a licence for that patyofe, in manner herein after mentioned, before he, (he, of they (hill make or manufacture any of the aforesaid omimodities, fer which licence he, (he, or they shall immediately, upon Eating out thereof, pay down for the same the sum or funis of moaty nor to deal in respectively herein before mentioned j and that, from ariidhr be and y. with the said tenth dayo (september, one thousand seven httndhdatd cence Sl* eighty-four, no person or persons who now doth, or at aby that

lk*hereafter shall deal in brandy, not being a retailer, nor a rtfli

er, nor a distiller, shall presume, .by him, her, or ffidnselves or by any other person or persons whatsoever employed by hia, her, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, either publieklyor privately, to deal in.brandy, without first raking out a Hemet1 for that purpose, in manner hereto after mentioned, before he, (he, or they shall so deal in brandy, for which licence, 'he, (he, or they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, paydotm for the same the said sum of five pounds; and that & any fell u Itceoce*

s

anrtovrcefimb quarto gkosq^iiit. c.+x. 615

licences shall he taken out within the limitfe 6f' the chtef office Who are to )f etiche Itl imdon, then suck licence shall be giforti^ under the grant Hwhce*, bands and seals of two or more of his majesty' s corimissioners tf excise for the time being, or of such perfori or persons as the xmiaiissioners of excise shall from time to time appoint for that xirpose, and the said several and respective duties shall be paid it the chief office of excise in London; or if such licences shall yt taken out in any part of England or, nt within the aid limits, or in the totfn of Berwick, that such

icences shall, in such case, be granted under the hands and fedls

f the several polledtors and supervisors of excise within their espective collections and districts, and the said several and re jpedhve duties shall be paid for the same to the collector of ex:

: within whose couedtion such licences shall be so granted j ind that m case such licences shall be taken out within the links of the city of Edinburgh, such licences shall be granted under be hands and seats of two or more of his majesty's commissioners f excise in Scotland for the time being, or of such person of rerforrs as the commissioners of excise in mall front

hne to time appoint for that purpose, and the several and re petftive duties for the same shall be paid at the chief office of txcise in Edinburgh or if such licences shall be taken out in

iny other part of stotlandt without the limits aforesaid, then uch licences shall be jgranted under the hands and seals of' the several Icolledtors and (upervifors of excise within their respective idltdlions and districts, and the several and respective duties for he same shall be paid to the colledior excise within whose rolleftion such licences shall be so granted; and (uth respective' rommissioners of excise, and the persons foto be appointed by hem ttfpcdtively, and also all such Collectors, are hereby re pedivelyauthorised and required to granrand deliver such LI ences to the persons who shall apply for the same, upon their niyment of the said several and respective duties hetetn beforo aentionvdi

VII And be it further chadded by the authdrity aforesaid,

Chat all and every person or persons Who shall take out any Licence to b 'ich. licence as'aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out rene.'*ed n frefti licence, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve nu**' alcodar gionths after taking out the first licence, before he, he, or they shall pieforhc to make or manufacture any of the cttnfnodities herein before mentioned for sale, and in the same nanner to renew every such licence from year to year, paying owtl rhe like sum for each and every new or renewed licence,

6 is by this act required, for the first licetice, irt manner and at be places and times herein before mentioned: and that if any malt

erfon or persons shall, after the'said tenth day of September,t"f ae thousand fevch hundred and eighty-four, prefuttfe or offdr moditic*,

make or manufacture any of Jhe commodities herein before without tak nerttioned for fele, without first taking out such licence, and i 00t*_

enewing the same yearly in manner aforesaid, he, (he, or they ^u''n'ga^b#r# "

T t 2 shall famt anu

;

6i6

ally, aic liable 10 tn e following penalt.es:

Corn did litres, lool.:

Strong beer brev*ert, See, 50b:

Melafles dist liers, rt&i fiers, See. 30i.

soap makers, Paper stain ers, See.ol.:

Small beer brewers, maltfters, See. xol. t

Per Pons in partnership need take out only one licence for one house.

Duties to be under the ma nagement of the commis iioners of ex cilc.

The powers

and penalties ijvact 11 Car a C4., C .relative to

Anno vicesimo cjuarto geo^gii III CI

shall respectively forfeit and lose the several and rc(pedivepeal ties herein after mentioned for each offence; that is to

Every corn distiller so offending, shall forfeit the furn" q^jwo hundred pounds:

Every common brewer of strong beer or ale, every y&epr .maker, every callico printer, or printer, painter, or twiner of fihcs, linens, cottons, or stuffs, and every glass maker, so of finding, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds:

Every melaffes distiller, every rectifier of spirits, every brandy dealer, or felfer of brandy or other spirituous liquors, not being a retailer, every maker of sweets other than mead, every larch maker, and every tanner, so offending, shall forfeit the sum o thirty pounds:

Every soap maker, every paper (lainer, and paper maker, every wire drawer, or maker or gilt or silver wire, called Big*wire, every dresser of hides or skins in oil, and every currier, so offending, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds:

Every common brewer of table beer or of fcnall beer, every mahfter Or maker of malt, every maker of mead, every chandler ot maker of candles (other than wax candles), every tawer of hides and skins, and every maker of vellum and parchment, fp offending, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

VIII Provided always, That persons in partnership, carrying on their trade and business in one house or (hop only, shall not be obliged to tdke out more than one licence in any one year for carrying on such trade; and that no one licence which shall be granted by virtue of this act, thall authorise or empower any person or persons, to whom the same (lull be granted, to make or manufacture any of the commodities herein before mentioned in any other house or place than the house or places wherein he, (he, or they did make or manufacture the said respectivecommodities at the time of granting such licence.

IX Andy for the better coueflingy raifingy levying, and faring the duties by this act imposed upon licences as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said duties

- as are charged upon such licences in England, Wales or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the management of the commissioners and officers of his majesty's revenue of excile in England for the time being; and such of the said duties, asare charged upon such licences in Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners and officers of excifeinscttlsd for the time being.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses matters, and things, which in and by an act, made in the twelfth vear of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aflfor taling amik

art

t /&4-.11 Anno vic^fimoquarto georgii III C 4 r 'i

muri \bf' wart and liveriesyahd tenures in'capite, and cp duties,

irvitir, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Mdjcjly, ln

lieu thereof or by any other law now in, force relating to his', jn g.

vtajesty, revenues of excise or inland dunes, under the management of the commissioners of excise, are provided, settled or established, for securing enforcing, managing, raising, levy*ng, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, nr ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for >reveriting, deteding, and punishing frauds relating thereto, bther shan in such cases for which other penalties or provisions arebinefcribed by this act, shall be exercised, practised, applied, isea, and'put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, evying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, reco^ rering, and paying, the feveml duties hereby granted, as fully trid effedtrally, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every he laid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penal les, 'Forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly epeated and again.enacted in this present act.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, Penalties and l^all be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways,

neans, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or covered and*nay be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law applied. or Jaws of excise, or by action of debt, plaint, or information, n any of his majesty's courts of record at iveflminstery .or, in: he court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one*noiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture shall be to his Vlajesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him

them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

xll And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

that all the money arising by the duties by this act impose to e jpon licences as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising and exchequer*lecounting for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, be^aaid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminsterf 'eparate and apart from all other duties; and the said money, Application ro paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be thercqf*

\ Fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such.. charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and pay lble puifuant to an act of this present session of parliament, in ituled, An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annulw 'ies, and for efiablishing a lottery.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any adiqn or suit shall be brought or commenced against Limitation of

iny person or persons, for anything by him or them done in

surfuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced

within three' months next after the matter or thing done, and

tiall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defend

ints in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give General issue.

his ad, s^nd the fpec^l*matter, in evidence at any trial to be

and thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the de

endant 'of defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become

t13 r nonsuited

** by

6i8 Aiujq viccfutio qjmto Geqrou III C ffc [*784

nonsuited, or discontinue bit, her, or their aaton Of ptqfaco* tion, or judgement shall be given against hiin, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then fitch defendant or defendants Treble colb. shall have treble colls awarded to him, bef, or than, againd such plaintiff or plaintiff..............' ..............'

xlil

An act to explain amend and render more effefl$aj* W §& made*the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majest] King George tk Second, intituled, An 2& for the more effectual pnni(hmeor d persons who shall attain, or attempt io attain pofleceon oi: £oods or money, by false or untrue pretences; for prevent mg the unlawful pawning of goods for the easy redeoiptkm of goods pawned; and for preventing gamihg in pobtiefc houses, by journeymen, labourers, servants, ana apprentices, Jo far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pamrmq of goods; and for the easy redemption of goods pawned

Preamble, T WHEREAS, by an act pajfei in the thirtieth year of tk f eign of his late majesty King George the Second, intiiuhi, a&3oge^i. An act for the more effectual punishment of persons who shall C a4. iedied. atrain, br attempt to attain, poflelfion of goods or money, by false or untrue pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; fol the easy redemptibn of goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in public-houses, by journeymen, labourers, servants, and apprentices, certain rules andprovisions are prejcribel and established for regelating the manner in which goods and chattels may be talen in pledge or pawn for the repayment of money lest thereon, not exceeding in the whole the principal sum of ten pounds, and dire fling the mode of redeeming such goods and chattels, on payment of principal and interest 'of the money borrowed thereon xmtb fwh further furri* for charges of warehouse room, as the parties jktdl .have Agreed oh at the time of making such pledge or pawn: and whircas several lenders of money for principal and interest of money lent and warehouse'room of goods pledged lately made for the redemption of goods pledged to pawnbrokers, the amount of which interest and charges for warehouse room so tendered, hath been much "telow the amount of the usual and custontary interest and charges see koarehoiife room taken by pawnbrokers in the said trade, and at a rate touch below the necessary expenees thereof have lately been canfiml to be fvfficient* and verdifls have been obtained by perfotss mahog such tenders as afoh said against the 'pawnbrokers j and, if the fed buftnefs fhduld be carried on agreeably to such verduft* the pfejftts onrif ing therefrom would be so much reduced as to be infuffkient so afford an adequate maintenance for the pawnbroker and whereas fbe fed recited cfl is in other respects (sofar as (hefame relates tithe fawb v!g goods and redemption of goods pawriedthe good purpefes thereby intended: may it therefore pleafeyour ma yefty that it may be enacted; and be ii.ettfaed; L tn'e: kjag't jr.aft excellent majesty, by and with the a<jyioe and ooorent of. -'': - - 1 - - the

1784.1 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 42.. 9

the lords spiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this present

jparliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That r*tx« of profit t shall be lawful from and after the second day of, one allowed to e thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, for all persons ufing talten for the or exercising the trade or business of a pawnbroker, to demand, tuture* receive, ana take, of and from all and every person and persons, applying or offering to redeem any goods or chattels pawned or pledged with such pawnbroker, a profit after the following rates, over and above the principal sum and Aims vfrhich shall have been lent and advanced upon the respective pledge or pledges, before any such pawnbroker shall be obliged to rede

Jiver the same vuelictf,

For every pledge upon which there shall havd been lent any '

sum not exceeding two Shillings and sixpence, the sum of one halfpenny for any time during which the said pledge shall remain in pawn, not exceeding one calendar month, and the same for every calendar month afterwards, including the current month in which such pledge shall be redeemed, although such month shall not be expired:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent a sum above the lum of two Shillings and sixpence, and not exceeding five Shillings, one penny:

and if above five Shillings, and not exceeding seven Shillings and sixpence, one penny halfpenny;

And if above (even Shillings and sixpence, and not exceeding ten Shillings, twopence:

And if above ten Shillings, and not exceeding twelve shilling and sixpence, twopence halfpenny:

And if aboye twelve Shillings and sixpence, and not exceeding fifteen Shillings, threepence'

'if above fifteen Shillings, and not exceeding seventeen'

Shillings and sixpence, 'three pence halfpenny:

Ana if above seventeen Shillings and sixpence, and not exceeding one pound, the sum of fourpence:

And, (b on progrelfively, and in proportion, for any sum not exceeding ten pounds, to be paid for by the calendar month in manner abovementioned; which several sums shall be in lieu of, - and taken as a full satisfaction for all interest due, and charges for warehouse room.

I, And be it further enabled. That in case any difference or Dispute re difpure shall arise between any person or persons pledging or reining to fraall deeming, or offering to redeem, any goods or chattels, and the pawnbroker with whom the same shall have been pledged, re jufti'e. y*(pelting the redelivery thereof, or the money to be paid to such1 pawnbroker, every such difference or dispute, in case the original sum lent was under forty Shillings, shall be settled and determined by same justice of the peace ailing for the respective county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, who is hereby authorised and required, upon application being made

w

Perfooi pledging to take a duplicate.

Provision of farmer at

re i'pt cling duplicates amended.

Anno vicesimo quarto georgii III C 42. [1784.

to him for that purpose, by examination on oath of the parties themselves, and such other credible person or persons as shall appear before him, touching the premises, to hear and determine the same, which determination shall be final and binding unto and upon all persons; and that no such difference or dispute shall be tried, heard, or determined, .in any of the fype rior courts of law, or in any other manner than before a justice of the peace as aforesaid.

III And be it further enact?d. That when any person or persons shall pledge with any pawnbroker any goods or chattels, whereupon a sum of two Shillings or upwards is lent, such pawnbroker shall and is hereby required to give a duplicate or copy of the entry made in his or her book respelting the goods and chattels so pawned, which duplicate the person receiving the money lent is hereby required to receive and take; and every such duplicate, where the sum lent shall not exceed fire Shillings, shall be given gratis; and where the money lent shall be more than five Shillings, and not exceeding ten Shillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one halfpenny for the same; and where the sum lent shall be more than ten Shillings, and not exceeding twenty Shillings, pawnbroker shall and may take one penny for the same; and where the money lent shall be more than twenty Shillings, and not exceeding five pounds, the sum of twopence for the same; and where the money lent shall be more than five pounds, the sum of fourpence, and no more, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and which duplicate shall be produced to the pawnbroker before he shall be obliged to redeliver the respective goods or chattels, except linen or apparel entrusted to any person or persons, for the purpose of washing, scouring, ironing, mending, or making up the same; and also except goods or chattels which shall have been feloniously taken and carried away,or unlawfully pawned qr pledged; and except as herein after is excepted,

IV And whereas many inconveniences have arisen to persons ur tying on the business of a pawnbroker, from several different persons claiming a properly in the same goods and chattels, where dupliutes or copies of the entries made in the pawnbroker's booky at the time if taking such goods and chattels in pawn, have been given, as the farmer aft directs: for remedy whereof in future, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the faifl second day of August^ in all cases where such duplicate or copy hath been given, the person or persons who shall, at my time after, produce such duplicate or copy to the person or persons with whom the goods therein specified were pawned or pledged, as the owner thereof, and require a delivery of the goods or chattels mentioned therein, to him, her, or them, such person or persons shall be, and hereby is and are deemed apd taken to be, so far as respects the person or persons having such goods and chattels in pledge, the real owner and owners, proprietor and proprietors, of the said goods and chattels; and the person or persons so using ih? said Ufacje and business of a

784*] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 42. 021

awnbroker shall be, and is hereby directed and required, after eceiving satisfaction pursuant to the provisions of this act, repeating principal and profit, to deliver such goods and chattels o the'person or persons who shall so produce the said duplicate r copy to him, her, or them, and shall be, and is and are lereby indemnified for so doing, tinlefs he, (he, or they, shall lave had previous notice, from the real owner or owners there snot to deliver the same 'to the person or persons'producing uch duplicate, or unless notice shall have been given to him, ler, or them, that the goods and chattels pawned have been,

rare suspected to have been, fraudulently or feloniously taken r obtained, and unless the real owner or owners thereof pro eed in manner herein after provided and directed, for the re leeming of goods and chattels pledged, where such duplicate or opy hath been lost, miilaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained rom the owner or owners thereof.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in case any pawnbroker shall have had such previous no Provision, in ice as aforesaid, or in case any such duplicate or copy as afore caf of dupli aid shall be lost, nristaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained ^tebeingbft, rom the owner or owners thereof, and the goods and chattels nentioned therein shall remain unredeemed, that then, and in ivery such case, the owner or owners of such duplicate, and of the goods and chattels mentioned therein, as the case may happen, shall prove his, her, or their property in such goods and: hatte!s, to the satisfaction of some justice of the peace for the rounty, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, and shall il(o make an affidavit of the particular circumstance attending the case, before such justice of the peace, whereupon the pawn 3rokcr shall suffer the person or persons proving such property: o the satisfrdion of fuqh justice as aforesaid, and making such affidavit as aforesaid, to redeem such goods or chattels; and [uch proof and affidavit shall be, and is hereby declared to be, a full and sufficient indemnity to the pawnbroker, so delivering the said goods or chattels, against all and every person or persons whomsoever.

VI And whereas it would be beneficial that all goods Should be ieemed as forfeited, and liable to be sold in less than the time limited m.d.. prtfcribed by the said recited alt: be it therefore further enact

rd by the authority aforesaid, That all goods and chattels which, For sale of after the second day of August^ one thousand seven hundred and things pawn sighty four, shall be pawned or pledged, on which any sum ex C seeding ten Shillings, and not exceeding ten pounds, shall have peen lent, shall and may be sold by public auction, but not nherwife, by the person having the same in pawn, at and after rhe expiration of One whole year from the time of pawning the same; and that all persons. redeeming any goods or chattels, which were pawned or pledged before the said second day of August) shall be permitted foto do upon the terms of, and ac.. to the table of rates by this act established.

VII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority

641

Accounts of

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c.42. [1784.

foods.

(tty aforesaid, That every perfott or personi to whom any gcxxi She t°j£d or diattels shall have been pawned pr pledged, shall from urr: in bodes and to time, enter in a book or books to be kept for that purpoi.^ Overplus paid a true and jhft account of the sale otall goods and chattels pawi to persons en ed to him, her, or them, for ten (hillinu, or upwards, whki. Ikied to the (f, abe sold as aforesaid, expressing the day. when, and rhe ex ney for which, such goods of effects pawned were (bid, togeth: 'With the name and place of abode of the auctioneer by what the same were sold; and in case any such goods or cefedks (hr. be sold for more than the principal money and profit aforesaid due thereon at the time of tuch fade, the overplus, (fall, by ever such pawnbroker, be paid of demand to the person by or cs whose account such goods or chattels were pawned, his, ber, cr their executors, administrators, or assigns, in case such demand shall be made within three years after such fade, the nece&n cofis and charges of stich fate being first deduced j and fed person or persons who pawned or pledged such goods or elias tels, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or afliga, shall, for his, her, or their satisfe&ion in this matter, be pain it ted to insped the entry to be made as aforesaid of every such sale, paying for such inspection the fern of one penny, and bj 'more: and in case any petfon or persons shall refuse to permit any such person or persons, who pawned or pledged such goods or chattels, to inspect such entry as aforesaid, in any such boot or books, such person or persons, if an executor or executors, dmmiftntor or administrators, or assignee or assignees, at such time producing his, ; her, or their letters testamentary, letters of administration, or assignment; in case the goads or effects were sold for. more than the sum entered in any such hook or books; or if apy such person or perfoos shall not snake such entry; or shall not have, fid, according to the directions of this fold the same; or (hell refuse to pay such overplus,

upon demand, tb the pawner or pawners, hfs, her, or tbetr executors, administrators, or assigns, he, (he, or they producing such their letters testamentary, letters of administration, or assignment; every Tuch person or persons so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit treble the such such goods and chattels shall originally have been pawned for, to the pesfeh or persons by whom, or on whose account, such gooids or chattels were pawned, his, her, or their executors, admintftntors, or assigns, to be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and fealfc of ai\yrtvo; uftices of the peace for the county, riding, divigon. city, tehm, 'iberty, or place where the offence shall be committed, ; and 00 uch offence shall be tried, beard, or determined in aay of the: upelior courts of law, or in any other manner than before tvo justices of the peace as aforesaid s and to the end that justice may pawnbrokers be more effectually obtained in all matters concerning gpoh before them, and chattels received in pawn by pawnbrokers, where justices book e"d Wp k te p6*0 ar authorised to take cognizance thereof by virtue

cates, cp' this or any other atft of parliament, it shall apd may be la

Justices may

urnmon

tsl

f 784*} Anno viccfiran quarto Georgii III. c42.

fqi for any justice of the peace, upon complaint made to him an the oath of one or more credible witncls or witnesses respecting any" dispute between pawnbrokers and persons having pawned goods, or retpedtsig any felony, or other matter, which n the judgement of such justice (hill make the productions of any book, duplicate, voucher, or other pa^er necessary, which shall or ought to be in the bands, cuaody, or power, of any pawnbroker, to summon such pawnbroker before him, to attend with any book, duplicate, voucher, or paper, which he may have in his custody or power relating to the same, which he is hereby required to produce befote such justice in the (late the same was made at the time the pawn or pledge was received, without any aiteration, erafement, or obliteration whatever; , and in case such pawnbroker shall neg)e& or refuse Pawnbroker to attend, or to produce the same, in its true and perfect (late, neglecting to such pawnbroker shall forfeit the sura of ten pounds for the use attend, cof the poor of the parish where such pownbroker shall reside, to1orl€lt lou to be levied by dtftrefs and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice so rummonine the party as aforesaid.

VIII Jnd, for the better manifefiing by whom the trade and business of a pawnbroker ball hereafter be carried on, be it further =ma<3ed by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the said Pawnbrokers second day of Augufc all and every person or persons who shall to« their follow or carry on the trade or buhnefs of a pawnbroker, shall " r^£ss cause to be painted or written, in large, legible diaraders, over their doors oc the door of each (hop or other place by him, lier, or them re (hops. tpe&ively made use of for carrying on that business, the christian and surname or names of the person or persons (b carrying an the said trade or business, and the word Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers, as the case may be, following the same, upon pain of forfeiting the (um of ten pounds for every (hop or placd N which shall be 10 made use of for the space of one week, without having such name or names, and the said words, so paint -- d or written as aforesaid, to be recovered by distress and sale af the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the txandi and seal of any two juftkes of the peace acting within; he respective county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place (which warrant such justices are hereby authorised and squired to grant, ) upon the confe(bon of the party or parties,

r upon the information of any credible witness or witnesses ipon oath; and the said penalty, when the charges of recover ng the same shall be deducted, shall be paid, one half to the nrormer. and the other half to the ofe of the poor of the pail in yhich the offence shall be committed; and in case suffi uent distress shall not be found, or such penalty shall not be orthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such justices, and they are sere by required, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause he offender or offenders to be committed to the.county goal or voufe of cojrretfion, there to remain, without bail or main >rize, for ^oy time nut exceeding three calendar months, nor*^ less

$24

Amo vicesimo quarto Georgii Hi. C 42'. c*7^4

less than fourteen days, unless the said penalty, and all reafoaa ble charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Not to extend IX Provided always. That nothing in this act contained takeo°in, fiv0 ex^b<*» or b conftroed to cfcteftd, to any perron or pcr perccenuin e ns whomsoever, Who shall lend money to any person or permet*whomsoever, upon pawn or pledge, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum interest, without taking riny further or greater profit for the loan or forbqaranc^ of such money'lent, 00 any pretence whatever. /

X And for the better m&ntftjling the different rates of sir oft, 15 cluding interest and warebmfe room, which the pawthrdker Pawnbrokers authorised tore erne^be it further enacted, That from and asur to hang up the second day of Augufly one thousand seven hundred and ^heir^r eighty four, all and every person who shall follow and carry on u p*the trade or business of a pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or printed, in large legible characters, the aforesaid rate of profit allowed by this act, and hang up the same in some conspicuous part or the (hop wherein he, (he, or they shall carry on such business.

limitation of XL jlnd be it further enacted, That no action at lavr, where tune for com tenders of principal and of interest thereof, and of charges for wencing ai wgrgjioufe room, have been made by the pawner, at a Tels rate Mwttopkera. lans contained in the aforesaid table of profit and refuted by any pawnbroker, shall be maintainable against any pawnbroker, unless the same shall have been brought and commenced before the said second day of August) and that such tenders shall, in that case;be of no effect whatever, but the goods shall be redeemable, and may be redeemed under the terms inserted in the table of profittet forth in this act.

XII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au no see to be thority aforesaid That no tee or gratuky whatsoever shall be taken by ja had, taken, or received, for any summons or warrant, or L Cf done^in " ot^cr proc^*ng whatever, granted or made by any justiceor execution of justices of the peace, in pursuance of this act. this act. XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him, her, or them done or execured in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, vor thing, herein contained, such person or persons may General issue. plead the general issue, And give the special matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plfemtiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants Double costs, shall have double costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Publick act.'XIV And be it further enacted, That this act hall be deemed and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, without the same being speciauy pleaded. Continuance. XV provided always, and be it enacted, That this act shall

of tins aft. continue and be; in force, from'tfte day of passing thereof, for one year, and till the end of the next session of parliament.

CAP.

784*1 Aono vicesimo quarto Georgii lit. C 4$,

CAP. xl11i.

fn all for granting to his Majesty ter tain duties on certificates ijficei

with respeli to the killing game,

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, . y£>ur majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjedsj the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, leing desirous to raise the necessary supplies which we have granted to your Majesty in this section of parliament, have vo untarijy resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the fe 'eral new rates and duties herein after exprested; and to that nd and purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it nay be enacted; be it enacted by the king's mod excel ent majesty.. and with the advice and consent of the lords piritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia From Oft t, nent assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from the fol ind after the first day of ohoker, one thousand seven hundred dude

ind eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and [o his MAID, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for jelly; videlicet.: he. use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates, and duties following; (that is to say, ) in Great Britain,

qualified'

That every perlba in Great Britain, qualified in respect to kill game, property to kill game, shall, previous to their (hooting at, kill ng, or destroying any game, deliver in a paper or account in his name and writing, containing the name and place of abode of such per place of a bn, if in England, with the clerk of the peace of the county, nd if in Scotland, with the sheriff, or stewart clerk of the -vce?&c.and: ounty where such person shall reside, a ad annually take out a Annually take certificate thereof: . out a certifi

That upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or cate '{jf1?0/* piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any such (^lojay a*person shall be ingrosted, . written, or printed, there shall be ttamp duty of charged a lamp duty. of two pounds, two Shillings:1. as.,

'That every deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper, Every deputa zranted to, any person by any lord or lady of a manor in Eng tion of a andx (hill be regifte^ed with the clerk of the peace of he ga^ej^er*p^* county; and every such deputation, by any proprietor of land tidy of a man n Scotland, shall be registered in the sheriff or stewart court nor, shall be sooks of the county in which the said manor or lands shall be; registered»lth ind the gamekeeper so appointed shall annually'tkke out a je c*e!«e0&c certificate thereof: and t beg'ame

That upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or keeper shall piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any person annually take apder any deputation or appointment of gamekeeper shall be out at5emfv ingracted, written, or printed, there shall be charged a lamp fovfbich he Ipty of ten Shillings and sixpence. thu pay ios.

II and 6d.

I

6t6

The duty to be under the management of the cora missioner* of the stamp datici.

Anno vicefum quarto Geotmti HL t*7tf,

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more eflfy&jlal levying, collecting, and paying the said duty herein before granted, the same Audi be under the government, care, and nunagemeiuufthto^minyson* ers for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; wrtio, or the major pai: of them, are hereby requiied and unpowered to employ the dc ceflary officers under them for that purpose, to allow such fcurks and iikidemal charges as shall be necessary, and to cause such new damps to be provided to doiote the said duty as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to repair, renew, and alter the same from time to time as there shall be occafioa, and do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in exectttioa with relation to the said duties herein before granted, in (be like and in as full and ample a manner as as they, or the sm- jor part of them, are authorised to put in execution any farraf law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III And be it further enacted, That, from and after theptf* sing of this act, every person, qualified as aforesaid, who (hah deliver into the office of the clerk of the peace, or his depot, for the county, division riding, or place, or if in Sating with the (herift r stewart clerk of the county, division, seat, stewartry, or place where be shall reside, a paper or account in

*ceo\mto(hh writing, containing the name and place of abode of inch per

Etery qualified person who shall deliver into the office of the clerk of the peace, C

name, and place of abode; and every game keeper who shall register his depitta

son; and eve:

every gamekeeper to whom any deputation shall be granted as before, who shall regiftef the same, mentioning the name of the manor or lands, and the person granting the same, and the date thereof, and who (hah respectivdy require a corti oc Ul, . ficate thereon from such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, of tiot^nuiott such Itieriflf or stewart clerk, shall be annually entitled ttenoj in the name and such clerk of the peace, or hisrueputy, and such fhefififor otthe manor, stewart clerk, shall thereupon issue a certificate, stamped n annasrif in kran bsk** directed, to the effect or form following that tituvaur

tificate thereon

T A. B. dirt of the peace for the county of C (or as the caferon

Form of cer X happen to be, ) deputy eleri of the peace; or, if in Scotland, I*"** A. B. jberijf ir [stewart clerk of the county of C do detkn, tbeu E. F. bath this day delivered into my qffue a paper, wrung te account, containing bit name and place of fikode, (or, as titecafc may happen to be, ) hath this day tegiftertd a deputation, ts be is appointed a gamekeeper by for the manor or lands of which I do hereby certifyt in pursuance of an act, ptf

fed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of King George tie mi: as witness my band, this day of

Clerk of the And be it further enabled, That the said clerk of thi

peace, tee. to peace, or his deputy, or the said sheriff dr stewart clerk, aits sign and deli he Shall base signed such certificate, shall forthwith ifwe the zzg£? same, stamped as herein before is directed, to the person of requiring the p*1*00* fe delivering in such paper, writing, or account, ortt fams: gifterioj

784.] Anno vfceomp quarto Georgii IQ. C 43.' €xy

(taring such deputation as aforesaid, and respedivdyur squiring

ie same; and shall, previous to the delivery thereof, bcinr

tied to demand .and receive, of and (torn such persect, the .fom <

'one shilling for b own trouble in that behalf tend in coat an j efiwltar*

ch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or any sheriff oritawart herein ball

erk, shall neglect or refute to issu to such person or.person? m foi f

oreftid, so delivering in such paper, writing, or account, or* "°*eac*'

giftenng such deputation as aforefitid, a certificate, properly

arked and ftarqped, as hereinbefore is directed, every fitch

erk of the peace, or sheriff or stewart clerk, (bail, for ewccy

fence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, and oaorcovct

: liable to pay to his Majesty, his heirs and (uccefibrsythe duty

tyable on such certificate,

V And be it further enacted, That every certificate, granted Certificates f the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or by the sheriff or "h "to be ewart clerk, pursuant to this act, shall, if the same be require*"

I by any person or persons before the first day of Qfiobtr, one loufand seven hundred and eighty-four, bear date on ehf day F the month on which the same shall be ifibed, and shall inure and remain in force until the first day of July, next follow tg, and pp longer; and that no certificate (halliffue inpurfu lce of this act, between the first day of oqahsz, one thou send yep hundred and eighty-four, and the first day of marl, oaf. louifapd seven hundred and eighty-five: and every such eerti c?te which shall iflbe after the said first day of March, one loufand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be issued between ic first day of Manh and the first day of July, in each year, ad shall bear date on the day of the month on which the same fell be issued, and shall endure and remain in force for the clerk of ths iace of twelve calendar months, commencing from the date of peace, C idi certificate, and no longer; and if any derk of the peace, who fl»tl issue r his deputy, or any sheriff or stewart derk, shall issue any contrary to rrtificate to any person otherwise than above directed, he shall this act, shall irfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds. forfeit 501.

VI Provided always. That nothing in this act contained Certain case tail extend to prevent any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or ", h he ay sheriff or stewart clerk, from issuing his certificate to any p^jce&c. amekeeper first appointed in any year after the first day of July ifey ikue cer 1 that year; nor to any person who hath been beyond tificates after 10 Teas, and hath or shall have, in any year, first ariiv Jdy*.

I or come into this kingdom at any time after the first day of ktly in such year, who respedivdy may be defiroos of obtain lg such certificate as aforesaid; but in every such case the ause shall be specified, cither in the body, or at the foot of fitch ertificate herein before, directed to be granted; nor to prevent ny clerk of the peace, or his deputy, nor any sheriff or stewart lerk, within their respective counties, to gramme any such certifi ate, as aforesaid, to any person or persons at any time requir ig the same, such certificate bearing date on the day on which: 1 slued, and being stamped or marked with double the rates and uties herein before granted upon eveiy such certificate, and (o

il

quaum per

ions who, after q61.!, i7*4» hall ihoot at or kill any game, without a certificate, shall forfeit 501.

noto extend to the royal family

Clerks of the peace. See, to transmit annually to the stamp office correct lists of certificates granted by them $

on penalty of aol

Lists to be kept at the office, and may be in speed.

In case of any new appointment of a gamekeeper, C the former certificate to be void.

Anno vicesimo quarto Giokgii fit; c.44. £17844

be in fbrde till the firstday of July net following the date of Xuch certificate, and no longer. "

VII And be it further eftafted by (the authority aforesaid. That from and after the first day of October y one thou send seven hundred and eighty-four, every perffin qualified 'as aforesaid, who shall (hoot at, kill take, or destroy, any pheasant, partridge, heath fowl, commonly calledblack Gome* oracy growfe, commonly called Red Gumey or any other game, or who shall kill, take, or destroy, any hare, with any greyhound, hound, pointer, spaniel. Setting dog, or other dog, "withoct having obtained such certificate, in such manner as herein b.c.. sore is directed, shall forfeit and pay the sum erf fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

VIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall make it neceflfrry for any of the royal family, or persons appointed by them to' (hoot at, Jrifl, ta*e, or destroy any game, within their chases, parks, warrens, or royalties, to have the certificate required by this act.

IX And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the peace, or their deputies, or the (heriflf or stewart clerks in their respective counties, shall, on or before the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and in every subsequent year, on or before the twelfth day of Augustin each such year, make out and transmit to the head office of damps in London, correct lists, im alphabetical order, of the certificates so granted by them, distinguishing the duties paid on each respective certificate so issued and, on the delivery thereof, the receiver-general of the lamp duties shall pay to such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or to such sheriff or stewart clerk, fer the making out and writing every such list, after the rate of one farthing for the namqofevery such person to whom such certificates shall have been granted, and which shall be inserted in such list; and in case any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or any sheriff or stewart clerk, shall neglect or refuse to make out such lists as aforesaid or shall not insert in fuefi lift a full, true, and perfect account, as herein before directed, of all the persons the same ought to contain, then, and in every such case, every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, and sheriff or stewart clerk so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several lists, upon such transmission thereof as aforesaid, shall be deposited and kept at the Paid head office of (lamp in London, and shall and may, at all reasonable times, oh paj* ment of one shilling each search, be resorted to and inspected by any person whatfo^ver.

XI And whereas deputations or appointments ef gamekeeper granted as before, may be revoked be it therefore ertacted, That it any lord or lady of a manor in England, or proprietor of land in Scotland, shall m, ache any new appointment of a gamekeeper for any manor or lands, in the room of the person already ape

pointed,

1784. j Art no vicesimo quarto georgii HI. C 43.

jointed, and shall register such deputation with the clerk of thg jeace, or his deputy, or sheriff or stewart clerk of the county n which the manor or lands shall be situate, and shall obtain a lew certificate thereon, the first certificate granted shall be, and he same is hereby declared to be, null and void; and the per bn abting under the same, after, notice to him given of such lew and other certificate, shall be liable to the penalties pre 'cribed by the game laws now in being, made for the prelerva ion of the game, and as arc directed with respect to persons lot qualified to kill game.

XII And) in order to prevent the evading the payment of the luties hereby granted upon certificates as aforesaid) and to compel the broduflion thereof to persons authorised to inspefl the same; be it therefore enabled. That if any person or persons qualified, or

having a deputation as aforesaid, shall be found in the pursuit ga|^*ho if any game with a gun, dog, oi net, or other engine for the Oiall r*fui< t destrublion of game, or the taking or killing thereof, and shall produce his be required to shew such certificate by the lord or lady of the certificate manor, or proprietor of the land, whereon such person shall be by any^ho using such gun, dog, or net, or other engine for the destrublion rifed person f Df game, or by any gamekeeper appointed as before, or by any to do, other person having obtained such certificate from the clerk of the peace, or his deputy as aforesaid, or by any officer of, the stamps, properly authorised by the commissiooers for that purpose, such person shall produce such certificate; and if such person shall refuse, upon the pi; odublion of live certificate of the person requiring the same, to produce and shew the certificate granted to him for the like purpose, or, in case of not having such certificate so produce shall refuse to tell his christian and r to tell his surname, and the place of his residence, and the name of the ufate of county where his certificate was issued, or shall give in any false abode, CC or fiblirious name, such person so offending shall forfeit and pay shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds. i. <

XIII And be it further enabled, That the certificate hereby Certificates

direbled to be issued by the clefks of the peace, or their depu an^tr" ties, in the respeblive counties iengland) or by the sheriff or

stewart clerks of the counties in Scotland, shall not authorise or game at any enable any person to fhoqt at, kill, take, or destroy any game, um«r prohibit at any time or times prohibited by any .law now in being, nor tdbylaw^&c. to give any person any right to (hoot at, kill, take, or destroy,

any game, unless such person shall be duly qualified, under and by virtue of the laws now in being, made for the preservation ar the earne.

XIV And) in order to prevent persons qualified in their own Certificates

rights, procuring deputations Jrom any lord or lady of a manor, or obtained un broprietor of land) with an intent to evade the duty hereby imposed der»utati m certificates issued to persons Jo qualified V be it enabled. That any j*ven°in evi rertificate, obtained under any deputation, shall not be pleaded <jence r killer gwen in evidence, where any person shall (hoot at, kill, take in game out or destroy any game, out of the precinbls or limits of the ma °*the liiaqor> nor or lands for which such depurat on was given. C

Vot, XXXIV U u XV And

639 Anno viqegmo quarto Georgii III c.43. [17s4;

Gaefe relative'XV And whitens then art cilia and

to those coun counties of them/ehes, and of the peace to ijjuetbt

ties that have certificates herein before dire fled] bfe It therefore" enacted, Thxi tltt"peace. every person redding in such cities and towns that are fcountje's, ^''shall and may deliver in the paper, writing, dt account, hetda

before directed, to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, of the county, division, riding, or place next adjoining, : who ^qah issue his certificate to the person applying for thfe fartte^* % herein before directed, 'in the same manner as if'the perfdfr so requiring such certificate fefided in the county of such clerkof the peace; and upon neglect or refuftt to issue such cerrt&sfc as aforesaid, such crerk of the peace shall bd liable to the dune penahies as if he had refused or neglected to iflhetdch certifi, . cate to any person applying for the same, refidfcnt in the county

of such clerk of the peace.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority afordfud, Person couu That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be stamps'to fuf counterfeited of forged, any seal, (lamp, or Mark, directed or for death aa allowed to be used by this act, for the pyrpofe of denoting the felons. duties by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or rcfertible the impression of the (atae, with an intent to defraud his Maidfiy, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties, or shall privately or fraudulently use any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed for allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud' his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties, 'every person lb offending, and being thereof cenvisted, Stall be: adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death ati in cases of frfotty; without benefit of clergy.

XVII. And be it further enabled by the authority aferfiid, Provisions of That all powefs, provisions, articles, dauses, and all btfter former act matters and things prescribed or appointed by arty former or stamp latie* parliament relating to the stamp dutieson vellum,

to be"io force parchment, and paper, shall be in full force and effect with retain executing tion to the rates ana duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied this act. and pnt jn execution for the raising, levying, colloding, andte curing, the said new rates and dutieshereby imposed; according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had several iy and respectivelybeen hereby enabled with relation to the said new rates and duties hereby imposed.

Penalties how XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afdrtmfi; to be recover That all pecuniary penalties imposed on any person hr peiribo* ed and ap for offences committed against this act, shall and may bd fuel plied. for an(j recovered in any of his majesty's courts at fvefimndtr,

for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick tpm Tweed, and in his majestyv court of sessions, court Of jufttti ary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, for offences comorittsd in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by sfrion of debt, bill, plaint, or information; wherein no essoin, protefhon, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and wherein the plaintiff, if be or (he (hau recover

i any

X 784.3 Anno vicesimo quarto 'Georgii III C 43; 63 i

an penalty or penalties, shall recover the same for his or her own use, with double code of suit.

JCIX. Provided always. That from and after the said first day Any office of ot ofiehtty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in all h county, in cas where the pecuniary penalty: by this act imposed, doth not exceed the ham of twenty pounds, it shall and may be lawful Ra where the foyatty one or more, justice or justice of the peace of the penalty doth county, riding, shire, stewartry, division, city, liberty, or place, notexetedol. wherein any offence or offences against this act shall be com^and such justice orjustices is and are hereby required, fore him, and uppn information or complaint to him or them made, to Turn determine in nn the party or parties accused, and also the witnesses on a furamary either side, to appear before him or them; and upon the ap w pearapee of the party or parties accused; or in default of his, her, or their appearance, according to such summons, to proceed to hear and determine the matter in a summary way, and ugqa due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confcfli oi) of the party or patties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or fen fence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act i directed j and to award and issue out his warrants, under Penalties may his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties and leave(' by forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to dlltre"» cauffe sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of such offender cannot be found fuffici or the offender ent to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, committed, there to remain for the space of six months, unless such penalty shall be (boner paid and satisfied; and if such person or Perfom ag perfofls shall find htmfelf or themselves aggrieved by the judge grievwt may meat of any. such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon , {£rter

fjiving security to tbc amount of the value of such penalty and, ]ni) upon orfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case giving proper such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the (ecurity. peso?*at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, pr. place, who are hereby impowerej to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay costs occasioned by such appeal, as to them (eives (btl) Aerti meet.

XXV And be k further enacted. That if any person or per Person fiim fons fttau be Summoned as a witness or witnenes to give evi dence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any jpp^'ring to of. the osatten relative to this act, either on the part of the pro forfeit 10i. fecutor, or of the psrfon or persons accused, and shall neglect or rpfufetoapyoarat the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without, a reasonable excuse for .such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice orjufti cepof the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending; , that then every such person (hal''' '*''

Ho juftlcm to proceed foi Conviction of offenders.

Form of conviction.

Justice may mitigate penalties.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III c.43. [1784;

offence) the sum of ten pounds, to be levied and paid in (belt jnanner, and by such means, as is herein before directed as to other penalties. '

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the justice or justices of the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, flail cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the same efsect, mutatis mutandis that is to say;

BE it remembered) That on the day of

in the year of our Lord at in the county of A. B. cams

before me C D. if choir., one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, residing near the place where the offend was committed, and informed me that E. F .of on the day of now last pqfi*

being a qualified person, or having a deputation to kill game, as the case may happen, did/hoot at, kill) take or dejiroy, (here set forth the fa for which the information was laid, ) without having the certificate required by law for that purpose; whereupon the said. F. after being duly jummenei to answer the aid charge) appeared before mey and hewing heard the charge contained in the said information, declared he was not guilty of the said offence) (or as the may happen to be, ) did not appear before me pursuant to toe food fummins9 (or did neglett and refuse to make any defence gainst the said chargev but the same being fully proved upon tie oath of G. H. a credible witness) (or as the case may happen to be, ) acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true; and it manijejlly appears to mt) that he the said. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said informar tion; I do therefore hereby convict him of the offence afore find, and do declare and adjudge, that be the said. F. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money of

Great Britain, for the offences of orefaid) to be difiribntrd as the law direfls) according to the form if the fiutuu in that case made and provided.

Given under my band and fealy thee day of

XXII Provided nevertheless. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and leften any such penalties as he shall think fit, reafan able costs nd charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed, over and above such mitigation, and so as fetch mitigation do not reduce the penalties to lcfs .thair a moiety, of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges j anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstandingv

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaw,

, u That

17^4*3 Anno vicesimo quarto georgji III 0.44#*63$

That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid from Duties to be time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time cciver°e«ieral being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, oftheitamp who shall keep a separate and diftinfit account of the several duties, and by rates and duties, and pay the same (the neoeflkry charges' of him paid into raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) exchequer, into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the Auditor to auditor of the same receipt shall be provided and kept a book' or provide a book books, in which all the mbnies arising from the said several (he dodesle rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, (nail parate from be entered, separate and apart from all other moneys paid or all others, payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so paid into the said reapplication ceipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment thereof, of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an aeft of this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for raifmga certain sum of money by way cf annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

XXIV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons, shall, at any time or times, be General issue. sued, mofested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause.. or thing herein contained, such person or person shall or V may plead the general (flue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pars for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against futch costs, plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIV

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; for appropriating the moneys arising by the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry; and also by a land tax, granted to his Majesty by two acts made in the last session of parliament; and for further appropriating tyre supplies granted in this session of parliament. r

800, 0001. granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year; to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury empowered to raise the sum of 800, 0001. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund. All persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. Orders to beregittered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment. No see to betaken, on for feirure of treble damages, with full costs. Penalty of undue preference in point of regittry or payment subject to action of debt, or on tpe case, with costs and forfeiture oi office. Auditor, See. neglecting his duty, liable sir damages, C the tike to be recovered at Westminster. No undue preference in the regiffering, where orders are brought the same day; nor if fubiequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, (o as mo.

uu3 j ncy

viooq 1c

Anno viceficno quarto georgiliii. 0, 44. ^*734.

neybe reserved for the preceding orders Power of affi^fqrnl ua''of transferring of orders by ifidoifcnkiu^ eiuertia m^ic »" office (without fee)., If it shall be judged ipore adnfeahte* tj>ei may raise the said sum by C xchrquer bills instead of loans i —

fbch case to be made in the manner prescribed by the moult act of 1 penalties in the said act of Iaff feffiort,

fioo.. All advantages and,

to loans or exchequer bills thereby amhorifed to bf made forth, to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to bp paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authority to lend to his Majeny ifceicia of 800, 000b; notwithstanding an act of 5 and 6 Gul. & Marian th*fom of 105, 8181. 5s. nd. 10. remaining in the exchequers shall be applied towards making good, the supply. 441, 702b sis. 9d. iq. out of using of army fer vices, shall be applied tow aids defraying extraordinary a peaces of land foroes, C from Feb. 1, 1785, to Dec. 24, i73y* ^themo qies arising by the malt aft, land tax, lottery aft, loans, £1*500*0901) further loans, (1, 000, 0001.) 105, 818b 58. 1 id. iq. remaining an the exchequer and $00, 0001. by this a ft granted out of the furpm&s of the sinking fund; shall be applied (with the refidoe of the .moneys aidingfom the sale of French prizes, C to the uses following 3, 153, 86^1^64. to

wards naval services; 181, 141b 6 s. CL for the charges of the office of ordnance, not provided for, in 1783} 429, 008!. ss*7d, for thef charges

of the office or ordnance, for 1789.; 3, 716, 570]. 18s. 76. toward^jaus taming the land foroes, Sec. 5 of which, 636, 190b9s. id. for defraying the charge of 17, 485 effective men, including 2, 03b invalids, and also gtcm. agency, Sec. j 284, 1131. 2 s.9d. for forces in plantations. See. for 17i4; , 8, 252b 7 s.9d. for advance pay to dragoons and foot io the Baste fcdxs, 6, o$ol. 6s. 6d. for general and genera] Sais Officers in Great Britain*5, 371!. 17s* 9d. for two Hanoverian battalions of foot 3 67, 5511. 14s. id. to the pay mailer general, secretary at war, C and their clerks, 6a. 5

173, 001 L is. cd.for the pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, 6cc.j 75*1x61. 18s. 6d. for reduced officers of land foroes, C further sum or 130, 300!.

for ditto 563b 12a. sod. for officers and private gentlemen of bone .guards reduced, C 54, 653b 10s. 6d. for commissioned officers of bn tish American foroes; 3, 5441* 14s. 3 d. for officers late in the fenrka of the Bates general; 17, 000b 4s. for widows of commissioned officer 686 b for widows of commissioned officers in British American foroes; 4*24^ L ml for two regiments of foot sent from Ireland to Gibraltar; to, ct+btrs fd. for additional to three regiment; of foot; 9, 811b 15s. 6 a. for federal corps to their being disbanded; 21, 419b os. tod. q. far five. battalion 1 of Hanoverian infantry, for 183 days; 6, 291b 7s. for general and ftas officers in North America, for 1784; 110, 369b ns. 7d. for fablfidies to the Landgrave of hefte Caffe), Sec. for 1784; 60, 035b 8s, 46. iq. for 6, 461 hcigans, from May s8, to Dec. 24, 1784; 1, 366b 132. to make good a deficiency in the duke of Brunswick's subsidy, for 1783; 77, 853!. 8s. 7d. iq. for several corps in 1784; 15, 616b 4s. 1 id. for three regiments of foot, for 183 days; 11919, 289b 6s. lid. to. for extraordisi ries, cof land foroes, from Feb. 1, >783, to Dec. 24, following96o, ooot to discharge the civil list debt; i, ooo, oool. for paying off the exchequei bills made out by virtue of an act 23 Geo. 3.; 1, 500, 600bidrpafring 06 bills made out by virtue of another act of the lame year 36, 841 b 1 s. 6 d issued in pursuance of addresses of the house of commons; 25, 000b to wards carrying on the buildings at Somerset House; 5, 55.9b ta. for fop porting the civil establiflunent of Nova Scotia; 3, 150b fottbe island a

St. John; 3, 950). for East Florida; 3, 100b for Now Brunswick in America; m50i. for Cape Breton; 7, 850b to perfect the purefiafe of the hi

C ____1 r__.l. r ' 'mm

of the Bahama Blands, See.; 500b for the chief justice of Somers Iftandi s 3, 000 b for maintaining forts on the coast of Africa; 9, o0ol for tb commissioners of public accounts; 7, 009b to make good tbfljke foe paid to the secretaries of the said commtffioners, See.; 4, 000 l.mraufiiiit the Levant company; 3^00b for the brifhh Mustum; d^ol/vs. id on account of new roads, C in the Highland of Scotland; a»8§rtl. 13* 8d. to make cqropenfation to the Rev. Thomas Weefces Dalby, for dr taming the ship Hope, Sec. belonging to Charles Wcekes^ on account

th

15*4.1 < Ahno quarto gfedron III C 45. £35

: 'tfaft fvi&iiilutfg office, In 1743 and 1744; 75*75°!.3^ r of

Attterilah' civil officers, firq.; i, si61. 15 s. gd. iq. to make good the like (urn tiftled to difchtfge bills drawn on the treafurv by the governor t of k6va Scoria; 3, 587!.9s. 6d. to be paid to Joseph white, esq; for de ' fraying expenses of supporting the bill against sir Thomas Rum bold, hart.

tta'faft Tefiion j 9110i. os. gd. to be paid to George White, esq; for defray'frfg^pcrtces artending committees inquiring into the caufet of the wir in the Camlric, and the condition of the Bntish possessions there, in 1781 and 1781; 1, 779!* 13s. to be paid to Mr. Evatt, for expenses attending fetelf committees in four fcflioris, in regard to the ft ate of the administra tfdn 6f justice in the provinces of Bengal Bahar, and Orissa; 116i. 16 s.

'6 d. to be paid to Mr White, jun. for expenses attending felt commit

1 tees during the last and present session, on the report of the direlwrs of the east-india company to the house of commons, dated January 13, 1784, and their further report presented February 16, list;20!. to be paid to Mr. Benson, for his expenses and trouble attending a committee, to inquire into the illicit praltices used in defrauding the revenue, and into tyre mbft effectual methods of preventing the same; 12, 111). usd. issued to Duncan Campbell, for maintaining convilli, CC on the river Thames; 13, 556). as. 7<1. toimake good the deficiency ot a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 31 Geo. a.; 161, 019!. is. gd. iq. to make good the deficiency Of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 18 Geo. 3.; 75, 339l 19s. td. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 19 Geo. 3.; 107, 9091. 10s. 3d. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act to Geo. 3.; 455, 88s 1. 19s. id. to make good the deficiency of a fund Y6? paying annuities granted by an act 11 Geo. 3.; 14, 943). 5s. od. tq. td tnake good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an s 13 Geo. 3.; 36, 114). 15s. 3d. 3q. to make good the deficiency of the grants for the year 1783. The said aids to be applied only to the uses before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the hklf pay: none to receive any thifig who was under sixteen years of age, when the regiment was reduced, nor unless he did altual duty, or having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty; any chaplain of any garrison or regiment, who has any ecclesiastical benefice m Great Britain or Ireland; or any having resigned his com million, and tad no rommission since; nor any except tfiofe entitled as reduced officers; nor any officers of the five regiments of dragoons, or eight re 1 giments of foot, lately drfbanded in Ireland, except those taken on half pay.etfablifhment in Great Britain. By an act3 Geo. 3, a film xlot exceeding 77, 9851. cs. iod. and a sum not exceeding 47, 500!. were appro '|>riavrtl tb be paid to reduced officers. Overplus moneys, above satisfying laid Officers, to be disposed of td officer who were maimed, C in the late wars, or to officeis widows and children, as his Majesty shall direlt.

CAP. XLV

An act to extend the powers of an ait, ma in the twenty-third year

of hit present Majesty, for giving his certain powers for

the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the United States is america, to the trade and tommerce this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America with refptil to certain articles therein mentioned.

tl>r H E R E A S by an ail, made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble.

reign of his present Majesty, intituled, .An act for prevent Recital of, ing certain instruments from being required from ship, belong geo.c. 39. 'ing to the United States of America; and to give to bi Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying oa

U u 4 trade

636 Anno viccatno quarto Georgia III C 46, -{1784- 1

trade and commerce between the subjects of his Msyefty'* do i minions, and the inhabitants of thelaid United Statesj. it iy+x among other things, enabled, That it Shall and may be lawful forte Majesty in council, by order or orders to be issued and pkbtifkedfrmn time to time, to give such directions, and to make fueb regulations, with respect to duties, drawbacks, or other wise, for carrying am tie trade and commerce between the people and territories belonging ta ie \ crown of Great Britain, and'the people and territories 4f the said; States? as to his Majesty in council /ballappear most expedient \ and salutary: and whereas it is expedient, that the powers given n; his Majesty by the said in part. recited act, Should be extended itr itie manner to the trade and intercourse between this kingdom and the British colonies an I plantations in America, so far as the same may*relate to iron, hemp, and sail cloth, and other articles of the produce of any place bordering on the Baluck, which may be exported fteve this kingdom, may it therefore please your Majesty that k may be enatted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent ms jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in tins present parliament attcm majesty bled, and by the authority of the same. That it rtiall and may im^wtteci to ^av"^ for1, s Majesty in council, by order or orders to be iaktry*uta° and published from time to time 10 give such diroftions* tions tor°car and to make such regulations, with respect to duties, drawbacks, i V g on trade or otherwise, for carrying on the trade and commerce between America re t", s kingdom and the British colonies and plantations in America, httvvto^on fr as elates to iron, hemp, and sail cloth, and other Articles hemp, tail*the produce of any place bordering on the Baltic, which clotd, C may be lawfully exported from this kingdom, as to his Majesty in council shall appear most expedient and salutary; law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Continuance ' If. Provided always, and, be it enabled. That this af and of this act. type powers and authorities hereby given to his Majesty, and all orders iltued and published in confequepce thereof, fhau con tjnue and be in force until the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and no longer.

CAP. XLVI

An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of tlx teres upon, low wines andspirits for home consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; end for the better regulation of the making and vending British pints, as welt for home corfumption as for exportation; and for defraying all home made end foreign pit its, after the condemnation thereof \ and for vejling in his Mcjtjh the duties of excise within the lands of Kerentofh, in the county of Jnvernefs; and for discontinurng, f or q limited time, certain impojh and duties upon rtem andspirits' imported from the West Indies.

Preamble. t17 H E R E A S, by several acts of parliament heretofore made, V and now in force, j'undry rates and duties were granted upon lew wines and Jpints made in Great Britain for home eonfutnption :

' and

I

784.3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 46. 637

ndxvbereas* in and by the find acts for granting fiub rates and du ics9 and by several other acts made for preventing frauds and abufis 1 the edlecfionand payment thereof \ diverse provisions and directions ?r*ar in relation to the managing, Jtouring, ofiertaining and colic ct tgtbe find rates and duties were made and enacted: and whereas rent tnmvenienties have arifin from the mode of charging and col 'ding the find rates and duties; and the powers rules and regula idns, in and by the said fiveral acts made provided, or contained or the preventing of frauds and abufis, have been found ineffectual: or Teanedy Whereof, and in order to maintain your majesty's evenues, and to secure a proper and sufficient fund towards paying the several encumbrances on the said rates and duties, vc,your majesty's most dutiful and loyal fubjcdts, the com nons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, think it will be f

or the advantage of the public to discontinue the payment of he said rates and duties upon low wines and spirits, for a LI nited time, and in lieu thereof, : to grant to your Majesty, for he same limited time, the several rates and duties herein after mentioned; and also that further regulations should be provided and enabled for the better collecting thereof; and do there ore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be eftaded j and be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, for and during the From Nor. f, space of two years, to be computed from the first day of No7*4. the du. yember9 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all the jujetajidf fates and duties granted and imposed upon low wines and fpi fpjnts for rits for home confumptiop, in and by any act or acts heretofore home con made, and now in force, shall be discontinued, save only and fumption, except the arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the ^alj.bc said.rates and duties; and that, in lieu and stead thereof, the years^rates and duties hereafter mentioned, shall, for and dur New ing the said term of two years, be substituted, charged, and infcad there paid; that is to say, 'of.

For every gal

For every gallon of fermented wort or wasti, brewed or made on , for extrading spirits for home consumption, from any malt, fore corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same, to be paid trading spirits by the makers or distillers. thereof, the sum of five pence: for home con

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or other wash, or liquor, fuinptton, froii* made or brewed from any sort or kind of British materials ex pact, &c' d cept such as are before mentioned), or from any mixture there tybrtc£jf^ witfi, for extrading spirits for home consumption, to be paid by from British the makers or difttflers thereof, the sum of fourpence: materials, 4d.

For every gallon of fermented wort or wash, made or brewed aloi! from melaffes or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extrading Wash made spirits for home consumption, be paid by the makers or distr tillers thereof, the sum of seven pence farthing: 'iq.pfrgahon:

And for every gallon of foreign tefufed wine, or foreign cy Foreign refus dcr, or wash, prepared from foreign materials, (except melaffes ed wine, C

and lod.pergauo^u

j Anno viccfiwr quartogsoffisk jtt.'cifo. (ij!

slid sugar), or any mixture therewith, fer home confamption, to be paid by the tuabevs'cr tfusmtsi of, the lum of ten pence. i

Penalty on II and.be it further enusted, That no wdk, erst removing or in the psflession of any distiller or motor of fpirilb, fldulic moved or taken from hia entered premlfes, br'ccticfelect;

.all such wort, wadi, and tilts, and also all Tow'wtn& extra! therefrom, shall be several ly nfed and dtftifledbyfuch diftl and when andfb often as any wort, Wash, tilts, or 7o»*a fbatl be removed, taken away, or concealed, contrary!: true intent and meaning of this a, such wort, waft, mn, : low wines: shall be seized, forfeited, and lost; addovertod (ides such forfeiture, such diftilter, and the perfoo dr peri employed to remove, or who shall receive the same, thiu liable to the penalty of ten Ihittings for every gallon of wadi, tilts, or low wines, for removed, taken away, or met CD respeihvely.

wilh.fc. not III And be it further enacted, That no wort, wash, "tilt?,

to be removed other liquor, for the distilling of spirits for home cohlumptit v»here^n*it wa^in the ftih, or otherwise removed from the bad fermented, vessel wherein the same was or were fomented, urttil the fir until the offi shall have been gauged, and the duties aforesaid rated the; cerhat gauged by the proper officer of excise; and if any distiller shall, w lu' trary to the directions of this as, put into any ftih, or other

remove any such wort, wash, (tits, or other liqtar, from rl back or vessel wherein the same was or were so fermented, b fore the same shall have been gauged, and the duties rated the Penalty. on as aforesaid, such distiller shall, for every such offedet, so feit the sum of two hundred pounds, and (hah aflopayamb duty for all the wort, wash, tilts, and other liquor, so pet in the soil, or removed as aforesaid.

IV Andy to tit intent that tin officers of txdft mej it tk it" enabled todetefl frauds or illicit of every Hind td it ft

lien; be it further enaoed, That every officer of excise, hiriii Officer to any dill or follhouse, or other place uled for the purpefe < Veep an exact making or dfluhing spirits for home confumpsoh, mis h wrtun*aft charge or survey, shall keep.«xa& accounts hi hihwfc (01 C whereon p3*0 of difmtffion, and being rendered incapable of fcftiiqv the new du office under the crown) of all wort, wash, tilts, Wficr ft

ties are im quors, whereon the aforesaid duties are impoftd by ibisfist, ^p°fed* shall in his said books of account give unto the'bhnl r. F, respective difollers or makers of spirits hfc otar1 so flrfrey,

ions of wort, credit according to the following rates dr j ttot i

brewed from to say,

malt, corn, -

ttaii*havle^ For "T one hundred gallons of wortor wyfh, Ihitfcf

wed it for to htewed from mbit, com, grain, or tilts, or anyfnixttrt W gallons of fpi the same, the owner or distiller thereof (bail hire cniit sits, of one to twenty gallons of spirits, of the fhtngth of difcl&woftrty

proof j.

7 8*0 Anno vicefjpao qmctchgbosjau HI. 0, 46. > $39

For cvcqr indeed; g«lto«9r of cyder, perry, waft), or For «oo g*l

there liquor.snade or brewwd i/som any sort or kind of Sritijb ^'brewot* natcrials, except malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture from other with the same, the owner or distiller thereof shall have credit Brinlhmateri foc fifteen galipot of spirits, ofctheflr«ngtli: aforcftid; ato, iisgaiipm

For everyione hpndnttb gallons of wort or wadi, made or browed from molofles or fagar.oritny naixttuetherewith, the owner ordiftiuer thereof <hvl hare eredk for iwenty lwogal ion o wott, loqsof Spirits, of the ft rangth aforesaid: brewed from

, . Apd sot '.very open hundred gallons of foreign refused wine or C

foreign eyder, r of wort or wash made or brewed from any foyejgn materials, (except mdafle* aadsugar), or any mixture For ioo'j. ve, itth the lame, the owner or distiller thereof shall have, credit lonsof foreign Sot jtwenty .gallons of (pints, of the ftreogth aforesaid. refused wine,

C so gal

V And be it further enacted, That if, on carting tip be as^foremid** fipek of any distiller or maker of spirits for home confuroption, Jf Ae such maker, not being also a reifier, at the aforesaid ftreogth shall find the of one to ten over hydrometer proof, the officer of excite (hyli quantity of find the quantity of spirits contained in such dock to exceed the pint exceed .quantity for. which the diftilkr or maker thereof is iotitled to such credit as .aforesaid, after deducing and allowing for the mentioned, quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been granted to such increase such distiller or maker; then, and in every such case, the in fhaubefirised. create of dock shall be deemed and considered as having been > made from wort, wah, tilts, or other liquor, not duly chatged with the rates'and duties granted by this act, and such increase shall b.c.. fieifeci and forfeited.

VI And be it further enabled, That the proper officer of ex officer to cite shall gauge all won, wart), and other liquor, after the same fs!*"^* be put into the wash dill, (whether for home consumption the flul or exportation), and keep in his books true accounts of the dill

gauges of such wah, won, and other liquor respectively.

VII And be it further ensiled. That every distiller or maker ptna]ty on of spirits for home consumption, whether he be a redlifier or diftthen who not, shall, before be begin to draw off any low wines from the shall draw off wah still, charge the same with the wort, wash, or other LI the'was quor, on which the duties aforesaid shall have been, rated, in 3m dull have the proportion of not left Shan three parts in four of the whole been properly quantity of liquor which inch iiilj, including the head, is ca charged, pale of containing; and that every distiller or distiller for exportation, shall, before he, (he, or they shall begin to draw off

ooy low wines from their waft) (till, charge the same with wah, in the proportion of not left than four parts in five of the whole quantity of liquor which such wall dill, including the head, is capable of containing; and that every wah still shall be worked off within thefpaee of twenty hours, to be computed from the time of the officer's taking the gauge of such still; and that every distiller or maker of spirits who shall begin to draw off. any low wines until the wah still shall have been (b charged as. aforesaid, or after having been so charged, shall.not work the

same

6ifi Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 46.

If any distill ser (bah keep low wines lore than 14 boors after running off

same offwithin the time hereby limited, shall; in either 1 cases, forfeit and lese the fam of two hundred pounds.

VIII And for the betur prevention of abusts, or of impe&mtiei to the officer in taking an aecountof the diflillerfs Jbtk % bei? farther enabled, That all ow wines whether tnide by diftitet entered for home consumption or expovtatibn (hab, within the space of twelve hours after the same shall have betrt nmrofffwn' the wad) dill, be pumped or put intb the low wine'tffll, 'at shall, within the space of the neat twelve honrsy tie drawfe off

tb "fk into Spirits; and if any such low wines (halt be kept by ay ^fe^iotper diftiuw or maker thereof, more than twenty^four hours after' tow' the same shall have been run off from the wash ititt* every foefe

diftilkr shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds by the hour, for every hour beyond the time or space hereby limited, tfbrin?1 which any of such low wines shall be kept or remain witbocc being a second time diddled. -

D rt&\c* 1 re IX And be it further enacted, That evervrefhfierartd com'

Ui veto draw pounder of British spirits shall, before he (nail begin to draw ittg off Britirh ff any British brandy, ; compounds, or orher spirits, from hit Spirits, C c|iatgc tie sanae in the proportion of not less thaii three

parts in four of the whole quantity of liquor which fori dill, including the head, is capable of containing; and that every such dill shall be worked off within fifteen hours, to be note j puted from the time of the officers taking the gauge of the (till; I and every re&ifiec or compounder of (pints, who shall draw off j any British brandy, compounds, or other spirits, from any dill, until the same shall have been so charged, or shall not work off the same within the time hereby for that purpose h tnited, shall, in either of such cases, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.^:

Chufc relative X And be it further eriacted, That all perlbrw inritied to r«rooiral, ^, 0r anc demanding for the removal of raw or unrtdu

brihai^fpirks dead British spirits, spirits of wine, compounds, or bruft for bqinscoa brandy, for home consumption, shall, in the request note, specify the quantity of such spirituous liquors, and fhau alio dtf feribe to which of the aftve mentioned clas the liquor so intended to be removed shall belong, didinguifhtng raw arid un je&ified spirits made, from corn, from raw and urare&ified fpi'rits made from mclafles or sugar, or any other materials; m1 also (pecifying the contents of the feverri cxfksr vessels, and other packages containing the same, and by wbatmode of conveyance, whether by land carriage or water carriage, 1 the fimie is intended to be fern 5 and no permit shall be granted on any reqoeft note not made conformable hereto; and all fpiriiuoe* liquors which shall be removed under any fa Hedeft: ript ion(bak be seized, lod, and forfeited. < :

XL And be it further ena^ed. That every permit to be with the ar ff^ted ty any officer of excise for the removal of any British ticuiars^the fprituous liquors for hoqie consumption, shall be made to cor J rtqucft note, respond, in respect to the particulars aforesaid, with the reqoeft note whereon the same shall be granted; and every such officer

is

Sumption*

, Permits to

correspond

84*] Anno vicesimo c[uarto Georgii III C 46, 64^

hereby requited' to make out and deliver unto the party call Duplicates to I for and entitled to such permit, two original parts or dupli be delivered es thereof, one of which shall be entitled The seller's Permit, by tbegfficer.

1 the other The bujeps Permit, in printed letters $ and that buyer's permit shall be sent and delivered with such fpirrtu.*, 5 liquors unto the buyer thereof, upon pain that such fpiri )us liquors shall (if the same is not seized in the transit for nt, of lawful permit) be forfeited to the buyer thereof, and. i seller rendered incapable of recovering the value or price reof in any court of law or equity; and also, that the seller 11* over and besides the loss of the fald spirituous liquor, for; and lose double the value thereof, including the duties, and it the evidence of the buyer, or person receiving the said fpi jous liquors, shall be admitted to prove that the same was ivered without a lawful permit.

XII Provided always, That when any suit or action shall Disputes rela commenced, or any information brought, wherein the de five to the de ery or non delivery of any. permit to the buyer of any British livery ofaper ritupus liquors shall become a question, it shall be iufficientbuyerbri

the seller to exhibit on proof the permit, intituled, The tiih ipirkt,

!ur's Permit, < for the removal of such British spirituous liquors, ho to he de

d to prove that there hath been a suitable decrease in the fell tcrauutd.

svstock of the spirits mentioned in such permit 5 and, upon

i making out such ptoof, the spirituous liquor in question

ill be adjudged to have been sent out and delivered with a

tful permit according to the true intent and meaning of this

t, .

XIII Provided also, That no buyer of any such British fpi Buyer not to jous liquors shall avail himself of any such forfeiture as afore avail himself d, unless such buyer shall, within fourteen days next after f such)

) of the said goods, exhibit his complaint or Infor

ition upon oath, before the commissioners of excise, or juf dayvtheet*

es of the peace having jurifdtdtion, and forthwith prosecute hibit hit com

ifanae with efsect; and when any such buyer shall, before the plaint on oath,

livery of such spirituous liquors; have actually paid for the

northeast, and (hau prosecute the seller, by information, for the remy

of the said penalty of double value, to a conviction

the offence aforesaid j then, and in such case, the said buyer

till and may have and maintain his action upon the cafer at the

mmon law against such seller for the money so paid, as for fa

sch motley received by the defendant for the plaintiff's use 5.

d, upon obtaining a verdict in such action, the plaintiff shall

0 recover his costs of fair.

XIV Andbeh further enacted, That no distiller or maker of Reftriaions rits shall felt or send out any spirits whatsoever, of a greater relative to the ree of strength, for home coniumption, than that of one to. strength of

1 over hydrometer proof; and no redlificr or compounder of ipmtt. rits, whether he be a maker of spirits or not, shall sell or send

t any compdunds, British brandy, or other spirits, of a cater or higher degree of strength than that of one in ten un r hydrometer proof; and if any such distiller, maker, refii '*her.

64* Anno vicesimo quarto georgii IIE C 4$. {1784^

fier, or compounder, shall sell or send out ay eomponoi, british brandy, or other spirits... to thcinteouof this act, such compounds, Br andothet(f4ritt, shall

be seized and forfeited. 1 J..

XV Provided nevertheless, and be it further epacted, Thx with respect to jt shall and may be lawful for any rcdlifier or compounder of fp i ipuiuot wme. rjts> or any dealer in compounds, british brandy, or Other rectified (pints, upon condition of their keeping tbeif wboleaod of spirits of wine Separately and apart from their dock of gather liquors, but not otherwise, to call for and receive permits far sending out spirits of wine of any higher or greater degree strength than that of one in ten under hydrometer proof W any person not being a maker, redtifier, or compoundetof p rits, (o that the whole quantity of, such spirits of wine, to bet sent to any one person in the same day, (hau not exceed ox hundred and twenty galions; and the officer granting such ps'| mits, (hair therein express the same to.be double spirit, and shall debit the dock of such redtifier, compounder ordeakf.l at the rate of one hundred and eighty gallons of for everyone hundred gallons of spirits of wine, for which I such permits shall be respectively granted., 1

Redtifier*, C XVI Provided nevertheless, and be it further enabled, Ttat bauonvof'raw of rna'c'ng unto the redtifiers and compounders of.(pints, hi tpiritt they well for what they shall make as for what they shall purchth Shall receive, and receive by permit, a fair allowance for that in creak by are allowed water which is necessary to render their spirits fit for confump

lading out tonne they shall be allowed permits for the sending out arty 140 gallon of number of galions, not exceeding the rate or proportionefooe compounds, hundred and forty gallons of compounds, or british brandy C for every one hundred gallons of british raw or uorqft&d(pi

nts, of the strength of one to ten'over hydrometer proof, which they shall have received by permit, or hu hsvetmfc 1 according to the regulations and directions of this, aft; aey thing herein, or in any other ad: contained, to the oooovy notwithstanding. 1

XVII And, to the intent that officers of (xijft tty srf issue permits for sending out a greater quantity of Sxitish

compounds, or British brandy, from the flock of any retifier ff compounder e/british spirits, whether be a mater tj ftiriu or not, than that of one hundred and forty gallons for every i hundred gallons which he Shall legally make, .or legally Officers to be it further eoadled. That the proper officers of egtdfe ftuii < keep accounts keep an account in their books, with every distiller, gaktr, 1 tedllfier, and compounder of british spirits, as well of iky tifier, Sec. to quantities of all brili/b spirits which such distiller. qnil(eplly 1 prevent their make, or legally receive, as. of all British spirits, coropos/xk, | 1 Airing per spirits of wine, and British brandy, for which such oficmbill 1

greater pro rant an permit; and when and so often as any, officer (bilk portion than called upon or required, by any maker, reftifipr, pi coapmfr above mender of spirits, to grant any permit for sending .out any com tioned. pounds, British brandy, or other spirits, exceeding the quantity

which

84.] Anno vicesimo quarto georgii III C 46. 6+3

ich stich maker, rectifier, or compounder, ought to have naming in flock, the officer shall immediately examine, or ifc to be examirted, the flock in hand of the person or peris demanding such permit as aforesaid, and whatever ex's shall be found, such excess shall be seized and forfeited.

slvm. And, to the intent that the officers of excise may the ter guard agaitifl and discover any il/icit practises for evading the iet vpm tooris> toa/b, and other liquors, granted by this dfl, be further enacted, That the officers of excise shall, within Officers, once' rty days after the day of the passing of this act, and so astern once in every thirty days at the least, and oftener when coun*of*hc tafion (half require or when directed by any principal or ge Hock of alt ral officer of excise, or by the surveyor or supervisor of the distillers for Irift, take M account of the (lock of all distillers and .con.. of British spirits for home confumprion, and also of the of the^av" a or tmreftified ftoek of all dealers in spirits'for home con ftockot deal nption, (such distiliers, makers, or dealers, not being actual ers:

Sisters or compounders of spirits)) if, on taking the same, -5 quantity of ipirits in ftoek, added to the quantity for which rtnits shall have been granted since the last reckoning, shall found to exceed the ftoek left in hand on the last reckoning, dead to the quantity since legally made or received by permit Jth ftoek being castor computed at the strength of one ro ten tr hydrometer proof, ) the quantity of spirits so found in ex ftfhailbe seized, lost, and forfeited.

XIX And be it further enacted, That within thirty days Andalfoof XC after the passing of this act, and afterwards once in every then ftoek sty dayt at the least, the officers of excise shall also take an of reifier count of the raw or unreftified (lock of every reftifier or com Anders and under of spirits, whether he be a maker or not, and also of of their coins ftbok of all compounds, British brandy, or other British fpi pounds, C

8; and if on taking such account, the nocks so taken, added

jho*quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been awn by such reftifier or compounder since the last reckoning, all be found to exceed the former ftoek, and the guantity since ade or received by permit, with the allowance of forty gallons aforesaid on every one hundred gallons so made or received acting or computing such ftoek at the strength of one in ten ider hydrometer proof, ) the compounds, British brandy, or her British spirits, so exceeding, shall be seized, lost, and for iied.* '

XX*Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Direftiona re ijratllfha}) happen to be at work at the time of the officers of lative to soils wfetahim* the ftoek of any distiller, maker, reftifier, or coma w?rk a: wider ofspirits to whom such (fill belongs, then, and in f jj5

ery such ease, all the spirits produced from that charge of the**

ill shall be kept ftparate and apart from the rest of the ftoek,

Itthfi account of the rest of the ftoek shall have been completely test/after which the spirits produced from the charge of the ill (halt see added to the ftoek.

XXL And fer enabling the officers ef excise the mm readily

to

6*4

Standing cads containing

raw Ipiritt shall within

30 days alter pairing this act, or before they are used, be entered at the proper office, and gauged. Movable casks to have their contents marked thereon,

on penalty of

50 !

Movable calks not empty, to be filled up before officers take stock.

on

too

penalty of

Dealers, who are not recti fiers, C not to be allowed any increase upon spirits.

Spirits found in the polfeffi. on of dealers above the strength allowed by this act, to be forfeited.

Anno vicesimo quarto geor, OU IIL C 4 {1784*

to take the several accounts by this act directed, be it further enacted, That all (landing or fixed ca(ks, wherein any raw or unrectified spirits, compounds, 'British brandy, or other spirits are kept in (lock, shall, within thirty days after the passing of this act, or if erected or setup after that time, then before the same shall be made use of, be entered at the proper office of exdfe, and be truly gauged and inched to the satisfaction of the principal or general officer of excise, or of the surveyor or fupcnrifcr of excise for the district; and that every movable cask, used for the purpose of sending out or keeping of raw or unrefti&d spirits, compounds, British brandy, and other spirits, by any maker, reftifier, compounder, or dealer in British spirits six home consumption, shall have its full contents in gallons lfegi bly marked on some conspicuous part thereof, upon pain t&k the owner of any movable cask soused, not being so marked, shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds for every such default or omission.

' XXII And be it further enacted, That if a previous notice of twelve hours, in writing, be given or left by the officer of excise, of his intention to take any (lock of raw or unre&ified spirits, compounds, British brandy, or other spirits, by virtue of this act, the owner thereof shall forthwith fill up, or cause to be filled up, all such of his movable casks as shall not be left empty, except that he may leave one usage of each respective sort or species of compounds, British brandy, or other spirits, to the intent that such officer may be able to take such (lock with the greater case and certainty; and the owner of any such dock refuting or neglecting foto do, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII And be it further enacted. That no dealer in spirits, not being also a maker or reftifier of spirits for home coniump tion, shall be allowed any inc/eafe upon any spirits whatsoever) and if, on taking an account of the dock, there shall be found any rayv or unreftified spirits of a greater drength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or any British brandy, or compounds of any kind, above the drength of one in ten under hydrometer proof, (save only and except spirits of wine, which are hereinbefore otherwise provided for, ) the same shall be respectively seized and forfeited.

XXIV Provided .always?, and be it further enacted. That if on taking the dock of any dealer in spirits, not being an afttial reftifier or compounder, any British spirits, or compounds, o British brandy, (excepting spirits of wine received by lawful permit under this act, ) or any mixture of British spirits, compounds, or British brandy with foreign spirits, shall be found in his cudody, exceeding the strength of one in ten under hydrometer proof, the same shall be deemed British spirits illicitly obtained, and shall be seized and forfeited.

XXV And, to the intent that no allowance may h mode of permits granted, to any person or persons calling themselves reftifen or compounders for faley but not being known and actual reftijfm or compounder s for any increase which such person or persons may make

74-3 Anno vicesimo qtlarto osoroii III C 46. $45

ir theirflock by water, be it further enacted, That no dealer, Or Who shall bd other .person, shall be deemed to be a reftifier or compounder deemed rec of British spirits within the purvieu or intent of this a, who tifiersorconi rt>all not have an entered dill, capable of containing; in the body rjiercof, exclusive of the head, one hundred and twenty gallons at the least, nor unless such dill shall have suitable tubs and 'worms affixed thereto, and shall be really and bona side used for xhp rectifying of British spirits for sale.

XXVI Afid9 to the intent that the officers of exeife may the mote conveniently examine into and give proof (if necessary) of the firength and quality of any compounds y British brandy or other spirits far home consumption be it further enacted, That it (half and may Officers 1 fc>e lawful to and for the officers of exeife, at all times, to take take (ample samples, not exceeding four gallons respecttvely, of any com °f/^nfforth* pounds, British brandy, or Other spirits whatever, upon pay jamc* ixient after the rate of (even Shillings per gallon for British fpi ritfi* and of thirteen Shillings per gallon for foreign spirits.

XVII And be it further enacted, That no maker, rech In what fixed sir, or compounder of spirits, shall receive into his stock or ve^els* ad possession any raw or unre&ified spirits in any call or vetfel of & less size or content than that of one hundred gallons at the received by lead; new shall any rectified or unre&ified spirits or any com dilhhers, ice pounds, or british.brandy, be received by any distiller, redifkr hfiers, cor compounder or by any dealer in spirits, at any other time than between the hours herein after mentioned; that is to say,

( from the twenty-fifth day of march to the twenty rlintli day of September, both inelusive, between the hours of five in the morning and seven in the evening; and from the thirtieth day of September to the twenty-fourth day of Afarch9 both inclu live, between the hours of seven in the morning and six in the evening; and when and so often as any raw or unredified spirits shall be received in any ca(k or vetfel of a less content or lim than such as is before described, dr if any raw or unrectified (pints, or any compounds, or British brandy shall be received at any other hour than as herein before for that purpose is limited, such Compounds British brandy and other spirits

be seized and forfeited.

XXVIII And whereas great frauds are daily committed by distillers fraudulently conveying waft) into their ftills9 and the officers of exeife are not fufficuntly enabled to discover the same, by reason of the nutnbet of pipes and conveyances which communicate with the charging pipe; now the better to enable the officers of exeife to detest such frauds in future be it enacted, That no distill After o&.t* Jer of spirits whether for home consumption or exportation,7*4* nodto* shall from and after the first day of October, one thousand ^orethanons .feyeri hundred and eighty-four, have of keep any pipe or con pjpc leading veyance leading to his wall (till save and except the known tohiswaflt charging pipe or conveyance leading from his known and en ft*lh tcredwaih back or backs, and which said pipe or conveyance shall empty itself into a fliute, open trunk, or vessel at a distance not exceeding six feet from the (till and of the following Vol. XXXIV XX dirnen

Di mentions thereof.

Penalty Officers may

thepcovi ors contained la

is Geo. 3 4*;

C

and 14 Geo, 3 c-73i

646 Anno vicesimo quarto georgii III C 46, [1784^

dimensions; (that is to say, ) at lead four feet in length. feet in width, and two feet in depth; from which (hute, .open trunk, or vessel, the conveyance pipe, into the wash U, Qiai be in a straight line; on pain of forfeiting for every ocher pipe or conveyance erected, setup, kept, or continued, the sum of two hundred pounds: and, to the end that thei.offioers of ex^ e nay be able to taste, examine, and ascertain the quality of

uke a sample all wah, or other liauors intended to be conveyed iota the II of the wash. or dills of every di(tiller or maker of low wines and fptrks, whether for home consumption or exportation, such officers are hereby empowered, as often as to them, or any one of them, shall seem expedient, to take a sample or (acnples of the wah or liquid while in fermentation, or during its conveyance to the wah still or (tills, not exceeding twelve gallons at .am one time, on paying after the rate of one shilling and sixpence per gallon for the same.

XXIX And be it further enacted, That all and every thedau* fes, provisions, restrictions, powers, authorities, and dirq&iioas, enacted, provided, granted, and contained in and by an act of the twelfth year of his majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds in the revenues of excise with respeci to teayfoapy low wines, and Spirits \ or in and by an act of the fourteenth year of his majesty's reign, entitled An aq /; extend so much of an act pqffea in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to distillers or makers of Uw wines and spirits from corn to every kind of difiller; and ft? the more effectual securing the revenue of exci/e arijing from low wines and spirits \ for aftertaining the allowance to he made to the manufacturers of wool and linen in respect of tbs duties on soap imported and used in the woollen and linen memxfac tures9 so far as the same relate to or concern the finding, providing, and affixing any locks, keys, or fattening to the fur viding locks nace doors, wash pumps, still head, and charge and discharge furnace doors) c°ck> of arty wah still, and to the head and discharge cock of still head. C any low wine still for the making of spirits for home consumption, and for the securing, locking up, and use thereof respectively; and the powers, authorities, and di red ions thereby respectively given to the officers of excise for the opening and*(hutting of the furnace doors, and still heads, and cocks, and for enforcing a due obedience to die said acts, in respect to the matters aforesaid, under the several pains and penalties thereby respectively imposed and inflicted for any dtfobedieace or neg extended to led concerning the same, shall be, and the famfc arc hereby re diitillecs of enacted and declared to extend to all furnaces, wah pumps, soir export a 6* anc distillers and makers of low wines and spirits for

tioa. P*exportation,

wont.. And for enabling the officers of excise the bettor to inlitledto^oy & "ard a&atnft an fraud (» the Charge of the wash fill for disallowance for tilling of low wines and spirits for exportation, under a preunu of such charge having been increased by water or other fluid mixed therewith \ be it further enacted, That no diftiilcr os maker of

C r.'fpirirs

so far as relates to pro f viding locks

increase of walk io the dill.

1784.} Anno Victflmo qtiarto gborgii till. C 4 spirits for exportation shall have or be mtitled to any allowance, 'for or under any pretence of any increase by water or any other' fiend mixed with the wash put into the (till; but the whole charge of the (till shall be considered as wa(hf and the distiller or maker shall, in respect of the said charge, produce to the prbper officer the several and respective quantities and proportion of spirits specified and directed m and by an act of the twenty first year of his present majesty's reign, for, (amongst Other things) the better and more effectually securing the revenue off'excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the com miffianers of excise, and for preventing frauds therein, under the pinns and penalties in and by the said act directed and provided m that behalf.

XXXI And whereas distillers and mdkert of spirits, having Preamble, remade entry of their fiill houses, have sometimes for illicit purposes di

withdrawn such entry, although their utensils for brewing and fer tiroes\rith - meriting wort, wash, or other liquors, and for distilling of spirits, draw their ea baye been left jlandlng, or in such a state as to be readily con tries whilst Verted again to those uses: and whereas there is reason to suspect ^tentils^ that great quantities of spirits have been made in the nighttime, by**

difiilkrs and makers of spirits, without the knowledge of the officers of excise, and that such spirits have been afterward concealed, or elandrfinely removed, and the duties chargeable thereon evacted: and whereas such distillers and makers of spirits, disregarding the [mail and inadequate penalty provided by law for refaftng access by night to the officers of excise, have many times excluded and prevented any office? from entering their respective still hottfes in the nighttime, whereby opportunities have been obtained of defrauding his Myefly of a considerable part of the duties upon low wines and spirits: and whereas no provision is made by law, whereby any excise officer can or may, in the nighttime, have access to the entered premijes of th maker of spirits for home con jump lion, but in the presence of a tonne stable, or peace officer \ and by means of the frequent difficulty 6f finding any such officer in the night, as well as of toe smallness of the penalty which be incurs by his refuj'al to attend the officer of excise' far such purposes when required, the affifiance of such peace officer i<rn seldom be obtained; be it further enacted, That no distiller, No distiller to or maker of spirits for home consumption, shall be allowed to withdraw his withdraw or discontinue his or her entry of any still house or joufe&fc storehouse vyhilft any duty therein shall be depending, or arty whiift°any utensils for brewing, fermenting, or distilling, shall be ftartd duty is de ing; and that it shall and may be lawful for any officer pcnjingf or'or officers of excise, belonging to the district, to enter by night, nd as well as by day, by the umal or mod accustomed doors or V

paitages, into all entered still houses, and all other places enter ftiu^where utensils for brewing, fermenting, or distilling, are stand houses by ittg, belonging to any distiller or maker of low wines and fpi* night, is well rits for home consumption or exportation; and if any person br M da persons shall wilfully obstruct any such officer or officers of excise itotn having free ingress and regress into and from any such en f tered still house or place, cverv such person shall, for every such

X X £ offence.

$4$ Attno vicesimo quarto Georgii 111. C 46.

, offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and after pay obstruction, it shall and may be lawful to and for such affiry or officers of excise, together with proper assistance, .to break open by force, any doors leading or belonging to such entered lill house, or place, or any or the windows thereof, or break, through ai\y of the walls. To far as is necessary far obr piftilfen nay taining entrance thereinto: provided always. That nothin change their herein contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend jo home con 0* Prevent any difliller from changing his entry for the making.' fumption to spirits for home consumption, to an entry for making of fpstiu exportation, Cotr exportation, or from changing his entry for the making of C spirits for exportation, to an entry for making of spirits for

home consumption, so that every new entry for the refpc<3fchre - putpofes aforesaid be made on the same day whereon such distiller shall have withdrawn or discontinued his former entry; but if the new entry shall not be made on the same day in which the former entry shall be withdrawn, such former entry Shall remain and continue in soil force.

Perfomknow XXXII And be it further enacted, That if any person ac logs' - tually occupying any house, whether he or she be the owner or v«tf backer rentcr thereof, shall knowingly permit any private back pr fhll still to be fed to be setup and used in any part of such house, or in any in their'building thereto belonging, by any person or persons whatfo houics, (halt ever, for the making of wort, waft), or other liquor for diftib penalties as lat, on or of any low wines or spirits, without a due entry being the persons previously made thereof at the proper office of excise, as is by ufingtbefaiae. law required, such occupier shall incur and be subject to that same pains and penalties as are by law directed to be jnfli&ed on the person or persons actually using any such back.or fb'lj. Stints seized XXXIII And be it further enacted, That all arrack and ed »" rum and all home made and foreign brandy, compounds, and lued by such other spirits, of what kind soever, which shall be feizedand persons. See. condemned as forfeited, under any former act or this > present as the com al, shall be valued by such persons, and in such manner and mtife'and*v form respectively, as the commissioners of excise, in cases, of customs n fcizure made by their officers, .and as the commissioners of his spectively flail majesty's customs, in case of feizufe made by officers of the direst; and customs, shall refjwdively direct; and, after such valuation, the

then destroy yamc be staved and utterly defrayed p and that, on die

officer or officers who seized the same producing a satisfactory certificate or proof of such valuation ana condemnation, and of the destroying such brandy, compounds, or other spirits. the said commissioners, they are hereby respectively authorised Receiver ge and required to dire the receiver-general of the duties of ex to tovfclwne c'^e» or lhc receiver-general of the customs, as the case may be, ofecer the*Pay out of the duties in their receipt and collections, unto amount of his the seizing officer or officers, the amount in value of his or share of the their (bares of such condemned and destroyed brandy, cotn

value. pounds, or other spirits, according to the valuation thereof

made as aforesaid, axclufively of the duties for the same; any

law statute, or ufigg to the contrary notwuhftaoding.

u XXXIV ai

1784*3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 46. 64$

XXXIV And whereas a manufacture of spirits commonly called From Nov. 1,

veil with refyeft to the quality of the liquor as to tbs process by following duty vhicb it is made: and whereas the said manufacture requires so for the maid erge a proportion of wash to produce a given quantity of/pints, as to Gwcva 1 ender it impcjjtbu to revive the said manufacture, if the rate of hdty prescribed by this act be collected on each gallon of the wajby e it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first day of stovembtr* one thousand seven hundred and eighth four, during he continuance of this act, there hall be (Hid by the said For every 71 leorge Bishop, for every fcvetuy two gallons of wafti which he gallonsof hall produce from a weight of malt, or other corn, not exceed producing one hundred and twelve pounds, the sum of fifteen hill pouoxoy* ngtf, being at the rate of twopence halfpenny per gallon. M malr, C 15s.

XXXV And be it further enacted, That for every one six gallon of kundred and twelve pounds of malt, or other corn, soused, the (pints to be aid George Bishop shall be allowed a credit, in the books of alio^ed by the he proper officer of excise, of not more than six gallons of fpi

its, at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof. jna)t>

XXXVI And be it further enacted, That before the said georgebifliop rtorge Bishop (hah make use of any malt or corn, for the pur to give 1*

ofe of making any worts or wash, he dull give twelve hours ^ouj^s " «PCC lotice in witing to the proper officer of excite of his intention weigh the o use the same, in order that the said officer may attend to n\alt, C veigh such malt or torn; and if the said George Bishop shall

lcgled to give such notice as aforesaid, he Ural], for every on penalty of uch neglect, forfeit and iofe the sum of five hundred pounds, 50°**

XXXVII And be it further enacted, That, for the purpose geargebifboji

f enabling any officer of the district to ascertain the strength Jo provide a if the wail on which theluty as aforesaid shall have been tcj:

barged, the said George Bishop shall provide, in the said distill tt/de 0 - zry house, a small frill, with a worm and tub complete, of a termine the ize Efficient to distill, at one time, twenty-four gallons of strength of vah; quantity of wafti such officer is hereby empower the wafti.

tito take and difrill for the purpose aforesaid, when and 7 often as he shall think fit; and if the twenty-four gallons of vafh so difrilied, shall be found to produce more than two allons of fpirks, at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer roof, then the whole quantity of wash from which such wehty*four gallons were taken, shall be charged with a duty f ten pence per gallon.

XXXVIII And be it further enacted. That all such of the Duties to be ates and dutes by this act granted, as fh?il arise and become unde*the«a ayable in England or Wales or the town of Berwick tlport "ff

"weedy dial! be under the receipt and management of the com' fionerspf ex

fiirtioners and officers of his Majesty's revenue of excise in Eng eifein Eng

m.d.. for the time being, and that all such of the said rates and;

uties by this act granted, as sham arise and become payable In

cotlaad, shall be under the receipt and management of the 9

X X 3 com

1c

and paid at such times as the duties hereby dif

650 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II C 46. \

commissioners and officers of his majesty's revenue of excite in Scotland for the time being; and the said commissioners 6f excise, or the major part of them, within their respective departments or jurisdictions, shall be, and are hereby respectively empower I ed, by commission under their refpcftive hands and foals, to I Constitute and appoint under them such officers as shah be necessary in that behalf; and all the moneys to arise from the said rates and duties shall, from time to time, during the said (pace or term of two years, be paid, collected, and received at tech continued are respective times as the aforesaid duties upon low wines and fpi diredtd to be r; ts made for home consumption, and hereby discontinued, pakl* have usually been, or ought to have been, or are direrted n be

Momeiarifmg paid, collected, and received; and all the moneys wfratsoever aris from the du ing from the rates and duties granted by this act shah, accordingtr d" L* the judscment f the kid commissioners of excise in England app** and Scotland, within their respective departments for the time

being, or the major part of them, be by them ordered, appro

Striated, paid, and applied, in a due and just proportion, to and or the several and the same uses and purposes as the said rates and duties on low wines and spirits were, by the several acts for granting, imposing, or appropriating the same, diverted to be appropriated and applied respectively.

XXXIX And be it further enacted, That all the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which, by any art of parliament now in force relating to his miajesty's revenues of excise upon spirituous liquors or strong waters, made in mt. Britain for home consumption, are provided, settled, or efta

Uapphcdin br, (hector during, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, executing this collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the act. rates, duties, or penalties, thereby granted or directed, and for

preventing, detesting, and punishing frauds relative thereto, (not being expressly altered, repealed, changed, or contmuled by this act, ) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, imposed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, adjudging, alcertainim; , and recovering, the rates, duties, penalties and forfeitures, herein before imposed, granted, or made payable by this act, and for detecting, preventing, and punching bands relating thereto, as fully and effectuahy, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, roles, directions, methods, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were herein repeated and re enacted.

Limitation of XL And be it further enacted, That if any aftionor salt action. shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any matter or thing done, by any officer or officers of excise or customs, or any others acting in his or their aid. In execution of, or by reason of his or their office, under the authority or by colour of this act, such aftion or salt shall be brought or commenced within three months next after the cause of action shall have arisen, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or - tried

Powers and penalties of former acts relative to spirituous liquors for born con

17*40 Anno vicesimo quarto gborgii JU. C 4$. 651

|ried in the county or place where the sails were committed,

and not in any other county or place; and the defendant or

defendants shall and may plead the general issue, and give the General issue.

Special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon;

jlind if the plaintiff or plaintiffs [hall become nonsuited, or dif

eontinue his, her, or their action or fuir, or if, upon a verdicfc

or demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or

plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover

treble costs, and have such remedies for the same, as any de Treble costt.

fendant or defendants can or may have in other cases where

cofu are given by law.

XLI And be it further enabled. That if any person or per person ions [hall obstruct, assault, resist, oppose, moled, or hinder any obttru&me an officer or officers of excise, in the due execution of the several olfficer in the powers and authorities given or granted to such officer or officers, by this or any other act now in force relating to distiliers, rectifiers, or compounders of British spirits for home consumption, or for exportation, or to sellers of, or dealers in, brandy, arrack, rum, or other spirits or strong waters; every person or persons so offending, [hall (except in such case for which other penalties are herein before directed) forfeit and lose, for, every such offence the sum of two hundred pounds.

XLII And be it further enacted, That all penalties and Penalties and forfeitures imposed by this act (and not herein before otherwise forfeitures directed) [hall be sued for, recovered, and levied by such ways, cowed^and*" means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or applied, may be sued for, recovered or levied, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, if the matter mall arise in England or Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed or in the court of exchequer in Scotlandy if the matter [hall arise in that part of the united kingdoms; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his ma jefiy, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XLIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No person to person who shall be sued or prosecuted for any of the penalties be prosecuted given by this act, [hall be prosecuted for the same offence un twice for the <ier any former act j nor shall any person who shall be sued or umc otttnqtm prosecuted for the penalty given by any former act, be prosecuted again for the same offence by virtue of this present act, or of anything herein contained.

XLIV And be it further enacted, That this act shall com commence mcnce and take efsect, as to all such matters and things there m*nt oi lbi* in contained, in respect whereof no special commencement is -

hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the,

tenth day of oqohery one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

XLV And whereas it has been found by experience, that the laws and regulations established by the several /latutes, made in behalf of the dijlittery of com spirits, hay not produced the intended effecty'

X X 4 either

6jz> Anno vicagmo cpartpgs^rg wul. g. A [13^

plbtrto the publiei revenueor U the peoph, tvmtin

- dijlrifls of the Highlands, that part of Qttai em

Scotland; and that upon account of the inferior auulitytftbc grm 1 produced in the places and limits after deferredy toemuntainnui far face thereof ', and the nature of the fuel: and vfbereai. though fdmi foregoing regulations and provisoes, by tig ptefenx jfa&h woujft be equally defective in their application for or execution in tit said diftrihs, as the laws already subsisting have hitherto proved; ] he From 0&. i, it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1784, 0001- after the first day ofoctober, one thousand seven hu, q^r©d, rd In Scot sty four, it mall be lawful to the commissioneru, omhcms ifnd mvim Jor Parl f Them ty pommission upder their hands, of bjtlfa put fdch jesty's excise, in the said part of Great Britain Cjalied % 4lknif pei ions as they notwithstanding the several former a<sls and statute whijcfado in^rtaln^ 3t prc^nt fubfis in behalf of, or in relation to, the dirtil^ or Highland manufacturing (pirits from corn, and also notwithstanding tbc counties, to provisoes and regulations herein before enacted, to authorise fre& and and empower such number of persons as they shall judge proper

work^ul*. ancj expedient, within the Highland parities and diftritt* of the several counties of Orkney, Caitfmefi, Sutherland, fyfs, Inutmju Argyle, Bute, Sterling, Lanark, Perth, Dunbarton aberdeenj&r* far, Kincardine, Banff, Nairn, and Murray, towered, keep, ad work (tills, the cubit contents of which, when the heads arc on, may contain twenty gallons of English meafurp, and of ca greater size or content,ory>( any number of gallons under the said content, (except, in conference of the population mi quantity of grain in any particular parish or diftri^f, it may appear necessary to the said pommissioners to licence a (fill orftius from twenty to thirty galions, and of no greater size or content), together with all nccenary implements proportioned tothejiaiej and to distill or draw off spirits from the barley, bear, or big, of the growth of the said parishes or districts. one year, and for no longer or shorter space, from the date of tty commission or licence, and so from year to year thereafter j and in such Commission or licence to hx and afeeriairi the bounds and limits

Duly io be paid by such persons.

of the particular district within which the licence is to hue efsect; which persons so licensed shall, upon delivery of the said'commillions, be obliged to pay into the receipt of the ge neral excise, in the city of Edinburgh, the sum of twenty Shillings for each eng/rjh gallon of the content of such dill fpccioed by him, for the endurance of one year, in place of all rates or duties whatsoever by this or any former at imposed upon distiliers, or upon any materials or produce of distillation.

XL VI And, in regard the said privilege and exemption II bereft granted fer the ptirpefe of promoting agriculture and imprcvmnt, for ajjijung to rear and support cattle, and for accommodating the inhabitants of the said places, parishes, and districts, with pints Awn from their own grain at moderate rates, so as.all pretence for tu cmmijjwn of frauds against his Majesty's revenue may be removed: therefore, in order to prevent all such frauds, and the abuts of the said privilege and exemption be it eriafletj ty tbc

rity

784* Anno vicesimo quarto Georg LI III C 46. 65^.

ity aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful or allowable to the commission tui oommissioners to grant licences under this a to any person r not to r person who are tenants or taxmen, unjefs such person of snsiimis!^ «rfons' shall produce, with their application a certificate fub qdjefs they zribed by their real landlord or landlords, and also by a justice produce a cer* f peace of the county where they live, recommenoing him, tificate of rc lciy or them, as proper persons to receive such licences.,

JCLV1I. And be it further enacted by the authority afore landlords, C aid, That it fhafl not be lawful to any person or persons what No oevtr, within any of the places, parishcs, or districts so de within the said bribed; excepting those who shall be Jicensed or commissionfd dittrida ex n manner before directed, or distillers regularly entered, accord pt those to ng to the general laws of excise), to extra of distill any low ^dcr^hii^ vroesor spirits, from barley, corn, or grain of any kind, or aftf ct

her materials, by any method or process whatibever, or to dittiil any low lave in his, her, or their custody, any worm or still commonly wines or cpi jfed in distilling corn spirits, or any wah, low wines or other rlts* prepared materials for distillation. r

XLVIII And for preventing offrauds and offences aga'wjl the prohibitions hereby made \ be it further enacted by the authority Any person iforelaitlthat whatever per(bn or persons ihajl be convidfod ^onvjded of f extrading or distilling any spirits from com qr other mate or havtne

iqls, or of having in Ins, her, or their custody, any worm or any' ^11, 8ccf till commonly used in distilling corn spirits, he, she, or they in his poffef-11311 forfeit and lole the sum of one hundred pounds for each n all fr offence 5 one moiety of which shall belong to the poor of the felt 100 # t>ari(h in which such offence shall be committed, and be paid: o the kirk treasurer or other receiver of charities upon their account, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform of, and sue for the same j and further, the, still, and also the worm, batch, and whole other utenfijs found therewith, and belonging thereto, shall be forfeited and seized, and the value thereof divided by equal moieties; one moiety to the said poor of the parish, and the other moiety to the informer or profecu lor, - in the same manner as is directed to be done with the said fine or penalty j and further, in case the said person or personsi [hall retufe or neglect to pay the said penalty when demanded, hen the household furniture, implements, crop, and cattle, of he person or persons so convicted, shall be taken in execution, m.d.. sold for payment of the said fine, the charges of recovery, ind of making good the same, without regard to any right the andlord of other party may have or pretend to have therein, upon any account 'whatpver; and in case no such effects be If the effects, found, of that the effects actually found shall not produce the of the offender, amount of the said penalty and charges, then the heritors of theheri

the parish in which the offfence has been committed, shall be tors of the pa >bliged to pay the whole of the said penalty, or tq make up the rifh shall sup jeficiency thereof, as the case may happen; as also in the cases p*/thc defici where the said heritors shall be liable or subjected, it shall be cncy* optional to the hoard of excise in Scotland, or to the prosecutor at whose instance execution issued, to sue any threevof

*'$5

V

*54 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 46, . [1784.

the said heritors they or he may judge proper, for payment of the said fine, or remainder of fine, and charges attending the same; and the heritors making payment shall have recourse and relief against all the other heritors in the said parish, and each of the said heritors shall pay according to the proportions, and in the same method, as that by which the depend of the minister is levied and paid; providing also, that the person who holds the execution or diligence against the said effects and is infilled to levy the said fine, may bring his action, and is to have execution against any three of the said heritors, jointly or feveraily, for payment of the Turns due; and upon payment thereof, the said heritors shall have recourse against the other heritors of the parish for their respective proportions of the 0n4 lleritort.apon sum; and the said heritors, 'Upon payment, shall have action gayra!5ltiftiail against the person and property of the principal offender; which agafnft the offender upon suffering himself to be imprisoned therefore dull principal of not be entitled to the benefit of cejjfio bonorum, neither shall the trader. burghs be at liberty to discharge the said person or persons, in virtue of the act or the parliament of Scotland, commonly called be Act of Grace, or any other privilege of the law, hut the said persons shall suffer imprisonment as fraudulent offenders against, and debitors to, his majesty's revenue; as also providing that it shall be lawful for thp said commissioners of excise, by the tenor of the licences to be by them granted, to reftridt the person or persons, receivers of the same, to retide in such particular places of the said counties, places, or distrusts, as to the fnt commissioners shall seem proper for answering the purpafe hereby intended, the said places being always at the diftanceef ten miles, (according to the computation of the country), at licensed per the lead, from any entered or exciseable distillery; and the per fens, 10 days sans so licensed by them shall be obliged, ten days before the before the ex expiration of the current commission, to renew the same, and their'commis to pay t*lc moneys respectively due therefore; providing, that m on, to renew case the persons so authorised shall neglect to take out new com millions as is hereby directed, and continue notwithstanding to distill spirits, such persons shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall not be capable of being again licens ed, and the commissioners shall authorise other persons in their places; providing also, that in the cases where new commissions shall be issued to other persons, upon account of the.ncgta&of the distiller formerly licensed, such person, if alive, or, if deceased, his heir?, executors, or other representatives, shall be obliged to deliver up the still and other implements belonging thereto, to (he excise officer of the district, upon payment of the value thereof, to be determined by any two of the ncartft justices of the peace resident at the time, one to be named by the officer, and the other by the said person or his rcprefcms tives; and, upon the delay or refusal of such delivery or nomination of a justice, it shall be lawful for the officer to seize upon the said still and implements, and to have the same valued by any two justices of peace in the bounds, and to consign the value

thereof

the same.

On failure thereof, and continuance etdifti1ling, to forfeit 1001.

*55

1784.3 Anno vjcegmo quarto Georgii III C 46.

[hereof in the hands of the sheriff clerk, or the ckrk of the 3cacc of the county, to be by them made forthcoming to the ^erfons having right, at their own rifle; and the said still and mplemcim are to be at the disposal of the commissioners of &xdfe.

XLIX Andy fllll more effectually to answer the purposes before rxptejjhd, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no No (pint raa- spirits manufactured by such licensed diftifler shall be exported; nufafhired by or carried, or sold, out of the bounds of the several counties, jicensed diftii difttidta, pantiles, or places before described; and in case any ried Tut of the foctv spiritsshall be found out of the said bounds, the same shall raid bounds, be, ipso faflo> forfeited, and are hereby directed to be seized,

nd treated according to the rules of excise in common cases of forfeiture; providing also, that it shall not be lawful to the said nokcensed licensed distillers to keep, have, or use more than one still, or diituler to to remove the same to any other place, contrary to the tenor or direction of their respective licences; as also that it (has! not be or to remove lawful for such licensed distillers to use or consume any other the same, dec. gramme than the growth or produce of the parish or diftrilt (to be mentioned and described in the licence to be taken out in manner

aforesaid) where he resides; neither shall it be lawful to him, her, or them, to purchase spirits from one another, or to purchase or receive into their flock, spirits made by any other persons whatever; and in case of any offence against this prohibition, and due conviction thereof, the said persons shall forfeit the lum of one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof shall go to the poor of the parirti where the offence shall be committed, and the other*moiety td the informer; and further, that the said distiliers, 1 upon such conviction, shall lose the benefit of his, her, or their licences, and be incapable of having the same renewed, and shall also forfeit his, her, or their still and implements, the value whereof shall be divided between the poor of the parish and the informer, in the same manner as the penalty aforesaid; which penalties are to be levied upon the goods of the distiliers, and, sailing of goods sufficient for the purpose, their persons are to be imprisoned and detained, without the benefit of cefpo bonorum, or the act for the relief of the royal burghs, commonly called The acl of Gracey or other relief whatever: providing also, That if any tuch licensed tenant, pofleifor, or taxman of land, shall be convitfted of wilfully keeping or working a still larger, or of more content, than is speci head in his licence, or of keeping or working two or more stills, contrary to the foregoing prohibition, then, and in that case, the immediate landlord or proprietor of the ground or place upon which the said fraud has been committed, shall be obliged to make good the penalty or remainder thereof, after the sale of the offender's goods in manner before mentioned, reserving to the said landlords due relief against the persons and properties of their said offending tenants, in the same manner as is hereinbefore provided for relief of the heritors of parishes against un licensed and fraudulent distillers within their bounds.

L And

nor to par chase (pin tv made by any other person, on penalty of tool.

If any such licensed tenant shall be convicted of keeping a still larger than is specified in his licence, C'landlord of the ground shall make good the penalty, after file of the offender's goods, dec.

vcrin^ censed (tills, or tti'ls of greater content than to galions, CC lntitled to a

65 6 Anno vicesimo quarto geo&ofl III C 4^. [1784.

commhkon L And be it farther enacted by the authority afadatf, en may with that it shall be lawful to' the said cotnmissioners of eiafe to

iuhescre "**» ?11jor any rf th ucen<?mrabled by thrabwtiiy fm tiobt they mall judge proper, or to rcfufo to renew jot continue the

same: providing. That if such licences (half be whhdnaitqdv. iftg the currency thereof, without any fauk or oflfende pfwn*upon the holder thereof, he, (he, or they, shall be mtftledtd be repaid of a proportion of the moneys advanced by them, cor i respondent to the time which may be unexpired at the notice of such licence being withdrawn $ but the (till and implements are, in that case, to be given up, valued, and paid for, as shore drafted.

LI And, in the lost place, for punishing the negligent, omich tour ageing the diligent officers of excise, within the counties hefmib Officers dhco fcribtd, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If any off onli cer shall discover arid (eize unlicensed (fills, or (fills kept by pet d (tills, fofl* licensed of greater content than twenty galions;

mea&rcy or other wise, as is before mentioned, when the beach are on as aforesaid, or more"1than one (f ill in the custody of such person, or give information of such frauds, (b as the offender.

. may be convicted thereof, such officer shall be entitled to are % vrar o ioi* wa^j Of tea poun<js (ferling for every (till so seized, or mforms tion given, to be paid him with the next salary due, and the ium of five pounds shall be deducted out of the fahriy of the officer who did duty for three months in the said district prtced ing, and in whose time the said frauds were committed, tad allowed to remain undifeovered.

Treasury to LII And be ir ensued by the authority aforesaid, Tfcrttbs order comm if comntiffionerfc of his majest^s treasury, or any threeortfiarcof cife tomake or the lord high tretfurer for the time Wing, (hah, rm

upcan account mediately after the passing this act, direst the commissibpksfor of the produce managing his majesty's revenue of excise, to cause to be'ttndi of the duties up an account of the net produce of the several and itffce&w #^7*^7^" duties of excise repealed by this act for seven years, end the years with a fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and cd^hty^hrc^ medium with a medium taken of the same; and the said cootoifidtien

thereof. of the treafary, or any three or more of them, or thebtg'hftt**

surer for the time being, are hereby authorised and rtrjufred (S issue their warrant to the said commissioners of excise, ffireskig and requiring them to cause their proper officers to difftibutt and apportion the moneys which (hah be paid to the receiver-general of excise, for the duties granted by this act, in the fel moneys to be lowing proportions; that is to wy, As the annual medium of paid to the each Jiftridt and respective duty hereby repealed, feptratdy com

rai^b^vutuv Puted on the avera?e f even y* as aforesaid, is to the tots) of this act, of the income of all the duties hereby repealed, competed on

how to be dif the same average of seven years as aforesaid so shall the Ann,ibuted. which shall be applied in each week for each separate arid di

vftinft duty of excise by this act repealed, be to the total pip duce in the same week of the duties hereby granted; and the fid receiver-general is hereby authorised, directed, and required,

0

7 #4-5 Aapo vkefirao quarto Gboroji HI. C 46.' &57

>1^, the respectve foots that wiq arise, according to the pro actions io.be taken a aforesaid, into the receipt of his ma fty's exchequer, to be iifoed and applied to the several funds, C order to make good the several ana respective charges, which inlaid repealed duties were directed b jrthe Several a of par ament for granting or continuing, the same, are directed to be storied and applied and die auditor of the receipt of his Ma Auditor of the ally's exchequer, and .all other officers and persons concerned exchequer, a - the issuing or applying the said duties are hereby directed said sin ad required to keep the said proportional Turns distinct and apart from ah part from all other duties and revenues, and to distribute, iffoe, other duties, ad apply the same to the respective funds, and to satisfy the and to. appjy; vend charges to which the duties hereby repealed were appli manner au thw able, together with all arrears of the said repealed duties in the repealed du lme manner as those duties have heretofore'been issued and ties, p plied.

trill. And whereas Arthur Forbes of Culloden, in county Treasury ini f inverness, efquirt, is possessed of an exemption from the duties of powered to

ecift forth of or growing due within the lands of Feriotofh, in the /shurforbes iid county, under a certain lea ft, set, or farm thereof which was upon a com

llanutd by several aits and declarations of the parliament of Scotland penfation to tfare. the union; which exemption bath bun found highly detrimental he made him 7. the revenue of excise, and prejudicial to the distillery in other parts [fan'ftom 3t f Scotland, and it is therefore become necessary that the same Should duties of exr e extingui/bed and made void, upon a fwtable to be cife within node for the faent to the proprietor of the said lands; . be it enacted, certain lands.

That the lords commissioners of his majesty's treasury shall, pjbvhhsl nd'they are hereby authorised and empowered to treat, cony > ras. .and agree with the said Arthur Forbes upon the amount bnent^thstte f the compensation to be made in Jieu and discharge of the ex nude for fuels rapt ion fp claimed, and at present enjoyed by him; and that, campentation, f he salt lords commissioners of the treasury, and the said Ar thall

bitr.forbes, his heirs or assigns, shall come to any agreement. commutoners oc any such compensation, the same shall be paid by the com of excite in nidtoners of, excite in Scotland for the time being, out of the re Scotland > 'eoues of excise under their colledlion and management, unto But in case tee he laid Arthur Forbes, his heirs or assigns, in such manner and Part "* 5*"?°* or pa as.the said lords commissioners shall, m and by any con tl^b*' rack or agreement, or any warrant or warrants under their exchequer in lands, order, and direct; and the said commissioners of excise Scotland, of re hereby required to make such payment accordingly; and on application hat if the said lords commissioners shall not be able to agree ritlx the said Arthur Forbes, his heire or assigns, in respect to, j. may*amount of such compensation, then, and in that case, it din it to be hall, aitd may be lawful to and for the barons of the court of ^.riec? a xchequer in Scotland, upon any application to be made to the a^hc bar^of

aid court after the first day of January, one thousand seven hun their court, red and eighty-five, by motion on the behalf of his Majesty, he. the a iis heirs ana focdeflbrs, or by any motion or petition by or on mount f rehalf of the said Arthur Forbes, his heirs or assigns, to award ind diced! to be tried at the bar of rite said court, by a specitl to be made by

jury the crown in

6$9 Atoco videsimo quartb georair III <2^46!. [^784*

discharge of jury of the city and county osedinburghi to be impiqmued the aid ex sworn for that especial purpose, or to award any fpectalcom cmptiont mission forth of the said court of exchequer for malting an inquest, by a jury of lawful men of the same city and ceunry to be impanoelled and sworn, the quantum or amount of thetiom* penfation or frtisfaaion which ought to be made and paid by the crown, in lieu and discharge of the said Jease, set, Mor exemption, regard being had to its circuaistances, duration, and and after pay extent, as proved before the said inquest; and that, from ad ment thereof, afcer the payment to the said Arthur Forbes his heirs or affiga^ there Forbe* ot l^c compensation to be paid as afbrcsaid, the fakf Arthur bit heir, See. Forbes or those claiming under him; and the heritors, pro shall pay such prietors, occupiers, and inhabitants of the said lands (halt, at duties of ex]!]! thereafter, pay such and the same duties of exeife aor per(bns°ia c**ft, ng> anc hereafter to be imposed, as any other person or

Scotland, persons, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland are

and shall be liable to pay; and that all acts of parliament no in being, or hereafter to be made, for raising, levying, and Securing the duties of excise in other parts of Scotland and 'for punching frauds and abuses in relation thereto, shall from thenceforth be in full force, and effect with respect to the said Arthur Forbes, his heirs and assigns, or the heritors, proprietors, occupiers, and inhabitants of the said iahds of Ferintofh.

LIV And whereas, by an act made in the nineteenth year ef tbs Recital of 19 reign of his present Majesty intituled, An act for granting to hi

Geo. 3. C Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties

under the management of the respective commidinners of the customs and excise in Great Britain, an additional tmfoft or duff, after the rate of five pounds per centum upon the produce andammtt cf all the several subsidies, imposts, and other duties, under the celled ion and management of the commissioners of the customs in Great Britain, upon any goods and merchandizes imported into or expert, from or tarried toaftwise* in Great Britain; and alfe* cm additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum upon the predate and amount of all the several inland duties, rates, impofithnss M charges (except as tbetein after is excepted) then payable to his mt jessy, and which were charged and collected under the management it the vespective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland, urn granted to his Majesty his heirs and fuccoffors; and w her/ns* by gather at, made in the twentieth year of his Majestfs reign ixtt 00 Geo. 3. C tuled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upos SS i malt, and upon low wines and fpirirs made for home consumption,

and upon foreign spirits imported into Great Britain tod upon the produce of the said several duties; and for grmatkt? 1 duty on licences to be taken out by all persons trading itr, vesd* ing, or selling of coffee, tea, or chocolate; further rsis mi duties were granted and imposed amongst other things) upon jpirir, imported into Great Britain from beyond the seas, over anaabovti> duties, charges, and impositions by any former act or efts fetor at po/cd thereon: and whereas, by another act made in the twenty ft t, at Geo. 3. C year of his Majesty s reign, entitled An act for granting u hs; , 7> Majrih,

784o Anno vicesimo quarto gsofegii III C 46. s$gr

wlajesty an additional duty upon the produce of the several dates under the management of the respetive commi(boners of he excise in Great Britain, o further additional duty or charge of tzh pounds per centum was granted and impojed upon the produce ind amount of all the several inland duties, rates, mpositions, and forget payable to his Menefty, and comefted under the management f the iott\miff\oners of exti/e in England and Scotland: and where is by another act, made in the twenty second year of his Majestfn

entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional and**gco.3< duties upon the produce of the several duties under the manage c«66*

Enetit of the respetive commissioners of the customs and excise XI Great Britain, a further additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum was imposed upon the produce and amount of all the ft uaral inland duties, rates, impositions, and charges (except as therein s excepted), payable to his Majesty, and collected under the manage mrnt of the respective commissioners of excise aforesaid: and whereas it is expedient to suspend the several additional imposts, rates, and duties, by the said several recited acts imposed upon rum and other The addition cprrits imported from the sugar plantations of this kingdom in the ai dutirt, by" West Indies be it therefore further enacted. That the feve the recitedat ra] additional rates and duties, in and by the said recited at of 40 Gc<**the twentieth year of his majesty's reign, granted and imposed upon rum and spirits imported into Great Britain, being of the , t8 imported growth prodution, and manufacture of the British sugar islands into Great or (ugar plantations in the West Indies and also the'said several and respetive additional imposts, duties, or charges, after the esfefumr rate of five pounds pir centum, imposed or granted, in and by islands; and the aforesaid three several recited ats of the nineteenth, the the additional twenty sir ft, and the twenty second years of his majesty's reign, imposts of 5 upon rum and spirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture by rhe

aforesaid, imported into this kingdom and all penalties and recited alts of forfeitures, in respet to the said additional imposts, duties, or 19,1, and charges thereby imposed on the rum and spirits aforesaid respec {?«<> V upon tively, shall be, and the same are hereby suspended for the term p irit^and^ll of two years, from the first day of September, one thousand seven ^nalvies in hundred and eighty>four 5 but such suspension shall not extend respet there*pr affect the arrears of any of the said additional imposts, of, shall be rates, or duties, now remaining due and unpaid, or to any pe f

nahies or forfeitures incurred in respect thereof, otherwise than fovsept! t, is herein after excepted. 178*.

LV Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That upon all such rum and spirits imported into The duties ou Great Britain, being of the growth, prodution, and manufature rum? of the British sugar iftands or sugar plantations in the West Indies, for as shall, on the said first day of September, one thousand seven as shall re hundred and eighry.four, remain under his majesty's lock, and main, on Sept, in the custody of the officers of excise, for the better security of ln

the inland duties which, before the passing of this at, would have been payable thereon, and upon which rum or spirits the to be remitted several duties of customs shall have been paid, according to the totheproprie rate and duties fet and imposed thereon before the pawng of thereof.

Agno vicefimat^uarto georoi IQ. C*{1784.

this act. tiieseveral inland duties under the flhmwgtart dttt

eummissioners of excue, which are by this act iu(pcarlcjyttal bo, and they are hereby remitted to the proprietors of fioch na or spirits respectively, and they are hereby d&bugcd (fan tk The number payment thereof) and that the said commissionersofexot of gallon to shall, as fctoh aa conveniently may be after the said first dij# tuecoommif to &pttmber, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four^cmitv

fioner* of the to the said eomtnissioners of the customs the number of gill cuioai) of such rum or spirits which, on the said first day

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, So remained its the custody of the officers of excise, and by whom the fimtn who are tera import distinguilhing the quantity imported by each pert; pay to the im whereupon, and upon the application of such importer & so said commissioners of the customs shall cause to be repaid n much of the fuc|j importer respectively, so much of the said duties of nil bereby'fuf16 toms ty them relpettively paid thereupon, as are by tbit id pended. suspended.

CAP. XLVII

Preamble.

from 06h i9 17x4, if any vtlttl shall be found at anchor, or hovering on the coarts, (unless*dirtrefa of weather),

Jn act for the wort effectual prevention of fmugging km

kingdom

WHEREAS the laws heretofore Wade, and now in font, II prevent the clandefiinf importation and running iffrehiiui goods, end goods liable to the payment of duties, into this have not been sufficient to answer the good purpefes thereb % imk, that pernicious practice having of late beenjreat ly inertaftd aim ried on by large armed vessels at sea, and by numerous ganguf faq glers upon land, with great violence in defiance of those bm % Jtw great iofs and prejudice of the publici revenue, the detriment tf te fair trader and the endangering the lives of the officers of the rcmi afling in the due execution of their duty, and it isingkgmtfai and expedient that same further provision Should be made mm tjfi' tually to prevent thofa aeftruftive and growing ev'us % for amj whereof may t therefore please your Majesty that it my hi enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent o jeftv, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Jspirittui and temporal, and commons in this present parliament Ambled, and by the authority of the same. That, from.aiklaftei the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred nodeighty4 four, if any ship or vessel (toll be found at anchor or homisj within the limits of any of the ports of thiskingdimn, orwkm four leagues of the coast thereof or shall be difcoveced tt hi been within the said limits or distance (and not proww her voyage, wind and weather permitting, unless in atftofw avoidable necessity and distress of weather of whisk necturj and distress the master, or other person having or taking iw charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give now and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of customs of any port within the limits of which such ship' fel (hau be found immediately after the arrival of such ftp?

. »ctit*

ianno vicesimo quarto Gborqii HI. C 47. t 1

vtflh within the limits of such port), having on board any having on brindy, or other fprrituous liquors, in any Vessel or cask which hoard any so shall hot contain sixty gallons at the least, (r*cept only for the fc, 8n ule of the Teamen then belonging to and on board such ship bf ft^not^on vtflfel, not exceeding two gallohs sot each Teaman), or having tain 60 gal on board any wine in calks (provided such ship or vessel having ions, or any Wrtne on board shall not exceed sixty tonnes burden), or having £, nc n caflw»

: On board six pounds weight of tea, or twenty pounds weight of uc' coffee, or having on board any goods whatsoever, liable to sot such yefle!, Jciture, by any act of parliament, upon being imported into cargo. Great Britain, then not only all such goods, but also the ship for

or vessel on board which they shall be found as aforesaid, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited.

II Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this or any former act shall extend, or In any suit be construed to extend, to prevent evidence from being receive forfeiture, ed, in any suit or information brought for the forfeiture of any be received vessel, for or on account of any goods contained therein, in (how, from order to shew, from the smallness of the quantity of the said the small goods, and other circumstances of the case, that the said goods quan^ C were on board such ship or vessel without the knowledge and [hauheywere privity either of the owner, or of the matter, or other person 0n board having the charge or command thereof, and without any witful without the neglect or want of reasonable care in the discharge of the duty privity of the of such owner, matter, or other person having the charge or ^ftc/rt0r command of such vessel; and in ctcr^ such case, where proof And on of fliafl be made, from the smallness of the quantity of the said thereof, such goods, and other circumstances, that such small quantity was vessel shall not on board without the knowledge, privity, or consent, either of J forfeited, the owner, or the matter, or other person having the charge or tonj command thereof, and without any wilful neglect or want of burden, rea fonable care, either in the owner, or in the matter or other person having the command of such ship or vessel, then, and in tery such case, such ship or vessel (in case the same shall exceed one hundred tonnes in burden) shall not be forfeited for 4

or on account of such small quantity of goods.

JH. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That any such goods, which shall be so found Such goods on board any ship or vessel within the limits or distance afore found on said, whether with or without the privity or knowledge of the C

matter thereof, shall be forfeited; and the person or persons in

whose charge or possesslon the said goods shall be found, shall forfeit treble the value thereof, to be recovered as herein after directed.

IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all vessels belonging in the whole, or in part, to Certain vef any of his majesty's subjects, called Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, felt herein or fphdrries, (of what built soever), and all vessels belonging described, to, 1$ aforesaid, of any other description, whose bottoms are clench b.c.. forfcltc**orkv uhlefs they shall be square Tigged, or fitted as Hoops,

'Vol. XXXIV Y y with

any vessel from having on board necessary arms.

66a Anno vicesimo quarto Gborgli III 47. [1784;

with ftaoding boltfprits; and all vessel belonging a afotefcd, the length of which shall be greater than in the proportion of \ three feet and an half to one foot in breadth*and ah ships or

vessels belonging as aforesaid, armed for resistance, (otheraile than is herein after excepted), which shall, after the said M day of Oflobtr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, be found within the limits or distance hcrcin beforedescribed, shall be forfeited, together with all the goods, if any, which shall be laden thereon, and all her guns, tackle and furniture. Not to prevent V Provided always. That nothing herein contained Stall ex tend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any fbiporve&l from having on board two carriage guns, of the calibre norex. ceeding four pounds, and small arms, not exceeding two mute for every ten men.

VI Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority

Not to extend aforesaid. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be to yeflcu construed to extend, to forfeit any ship or vessel which shall, cn

"rrive f" ay or orc December, ODC thousand seven hundred

Kuffia before an eighty fous, arrive in Great Britain, from any of the do jdcc. j, 1784.. minions of the empress of Russia, for or on account of thcfhuik

of such ship or vefle 1, or for having on board arms or amniu nition.

VII Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Other vessels the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this at shall extend,

or conruec^ to extend, to any ship or vessel on a voyage from nnf any part of America, or the East or West Indies or Afrka, or the Mediterranean, so as to subject the same to forfeiture, fororoa account of her built, or for having spirits, tea, or coffee oa board, or for having on board arms or ammunition; nor to my ship or vessel in the service of his majesty's navy, viflualiing, ordnance, customs, excise, or port office, for or on account of her built, or for having on board arms or ammunition; nor to any vessel whatsoever, the owner of which shall have a licence, as herein after described and directed^ for navigating the lame, from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the coramifikm* ersof the admiralty for the time being, or any person authored by them to grant the same, for or on account of her built, of for having on board such arms or ammunition as (he shall or may be licensed to have, herein after mentioned; norto»y lighters or barges, used solely in rivers or inland navigations; nor to any ships or vessels which shall have on board any arms or ammunition which have been regularly entered anddeard at any customhouse in any of his majesty's dominions, as merchandise, or for the use of his majesty's stores or gamfons, and are regularly (lowed in the hold of such vessels, or are pmoa board for the necessary use and defence of such vessels, by licence from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or die commissioners of the admiralty for the time being, for or oq account of such arms and ammunition; anything herein beforecoa* tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII Provided always, and it is hereby further tnidd,

Tbit

aft shall not extend.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 47* 663

that410 see, gratuity, or reward, shall be demanded or received No see to be for any licence granted in pursuance or under the authority of taken for LI this act, or for registering the same. cencei.

IX Provided always, and tit is hereby further enacted by the

authority aforesaid. That the owner of every ship or vessel Owners of h which shall be licensed as herein before mentioned, (nail, before censed vessel iich ship or vessel proceeds to sea, or (ails out of any port, har ces to our, or creek in this kingdom, bring luck licence, or cause the proper he lame to be brought, to the collector, comptroller, or other officer at the roper officer of the customs for the port, harbour, or creek, portofexpor* rom which such ship or vessel is about to (ail; which said col lallon*

: ftor, comptroller, or other proper officer, is hereby required '

uly to register the same, and shall also produce the same to the ollector, comptroller, or other proper officer of the customs, f any and every port, harbour, or creek, at which he shall rrive.

X And be it further enacted, That each, and every licence Particular to tall specify the tonnage of such ship or vessel, and deferibe whe* he specified io ler she is a cutter, lugger, (hallop, or wherry, or what sort of the "cence* uiltfheis, and who is or are the owner or owners thereof,

id for what port, harbour, or creek, die is about to sail, and hat quantity and number, and what sort of arms and animation (he is licensed to take and have on board; and the owner Owneritogive id owners of such ship or vessel shall also. give sufficient fecu ^curlty. ty, by hond, to his Majesty, his heirs and iucceffors, in double r the ship e value of such ship or vessel, to be approved of by and to the shall not be tisfaftion of such collector, comptroller, or other proper offi employed in r of the customs; with condition that the said ship or vessel c.hc porta all not be employed in the importation or landing of any tea jj^ofteai*foreign spirituous liquors, or any prohibited or other goods, or foreign ntrary to the true intent and meaning of this or any other spirit, or any t, or in the exportation of any goods which are or may be ohibited to be exported from this kingdom, or in the reland s00* r of any goods whatsoever, contrary to law, which are enter outwards for exportation, for any drawback or bounty, or ich are or may be prohibited to be used or worn in Great itain9 on failure whereof, such licence shall be void and of force or efsect; and such ship or vessel shall be liable to seizure 1 prosecution, in the same manner as if no such licence had n granted.

XI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore i, .That, from and after the said first day of Oflobey, one From U ufand seven hundred and, eighty-four, if any person or per & upon the Qiore, or on board any ship, vessel, or boat, shall ^aliciouflf liciously (hoot at or upon any ship, vessel, or boat, belong (hoot at any to Iiis majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or fbip belong, ife, within the limits of any port, harbour, or creek of Great J tainy or within four leagues from any part of the coast there* if any person or persons, being on rtiore, or on board or (hoot ar, ship, vessel, or boat, shall maliciously (hoot at, maim, or ^r0d^cranyfly i£erou(jy wound any officer or officers, of his majesty's navy, pfficcr of the

Y y 2 or

664 Anno vicesimo quarto Gkokon Ilf. C 47. (1784!

navy.cullomt, or of the customs or exercise, whether attetnpwnpg to' go on orttafe, wbert board, or being On board, or returning from 00 board any execution of ip, vessel, or boat, or otherwise acting in the doe exeentior bit duty, of his or their doty on shore, or within the tonka of aoj port, harbour, or creek of Great Britain, or within faarkagac of any part of the eoaft thereof or shalt mabcioufty foootat, maim, or danger oufty wound, any perfoherr persont aiding tot afliftmg such officer or officers in the execution of hisbr dm h ffialt fuftr duty as aforesaid; every person so offending, aniattand felon.**every person being aiding, abetting, or affifttng therein, stall, being thereof lawntlly convicted, be adjndged guilty of fekojr, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy. V XII And, for the more and bringing tit

fenders against this ali to, be it enacted by the authorir

If any person aforesaid. That if any person or person r fhadl be charged with being guilty of any of the offences aforesaid, made felont bj faicemadefe ra before any one or more of his*majesty's justicet ofdw lony by this peace, or before one of his majesty*s justices of the conn of aft, before a king's bench, if the offence be committed in England or

for. or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or withio four court of king's, of thereof; or before any one oftht lords

bench, if in w justiciary, or the judge of the high court of ad minify, or England, or any judge ordinary, or judge admiral, deputy, or fabfhtme, in bk 1 j>ne?f Scoflandy if the offence be committed within stotla/tdj orwithio juridary.&c. the any port of that patt of Great Britain ctlw Satis

in Scotland' W, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, by inform by information of one or more credible person or persons, upon oath, to h°n of one him^them to be subscribed; justice of the peace, or juf* son upon oath, iee of the king's bench, or any lord ofjusticiary, or judgtot Such Justice or the high court of admiralty, or judge ordinary, or judge td judge shall cer mini, .deputy, or fubftirute respeaively, before whom folia tifyandreturn formation shall be made as aforesaid, Ihali forthwith catfr, tion to one*of un<*cr hand and seat, and return such information to ok the secretaries the principal secretaries of state of his Majesty, hit hen of date: to be dr successors; is hereby required to'lay the same, as fan laid before Ufa as conveniently may be, before his Majesty, his heirs or fa coundt, n n his or their privy council; whereupon it tali' and

who may or may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or foceeflbrt, to mb <ler the offend his or their order in his or their bid privy council, thereby ft ertosurrender quiring and commanding such offender or offender! to fail? e'lof1 render him or themftlyes, within the foace of forty darysafos tss orlortof^fist publication thereof in the London Gazette, to the fa j officiary, C chief justice, or any other of his majesty's justices of ftecodt of king's bench, or to any one of hi majesty's justicet of d peace, if the offence be committed within England or t .within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within ft leagues of the coast thereof; or to any of the lords of jd(bcia| or judge of the high court of admiralty, or judge ordinary, judge admiral, deputy, or fubftitote, in 'be committed within, or within the limits cf a

port of that part of Great Britain ifawilbfafa

- leagues of the coast thereof; who is hereby required, opo

1

(784.} Anno viccfima quarto Georgii IIL C 47:

och offender or offenders Amending him or themselves, to tottimu him or them, without bail or mail)prize, to the county nut iu* 'aol, or to the gaol or prison of the place where he or they, ball fb furreader, to the ctid that he or they may be forth omirtg to answer the offence or offeneef, wherewith bey shall stand charged, according to due oourfe of law j which 9,

*dtr the clerks of hie majesty's privy couofel shall cayfe to i^ed jn ft,e forthwith printed and pubwhed in two successive $ and woxattts, and to be forthwith transmitted to the sheriff of tjbe tr*lpitt^*oumy where the offence shall be committed, if the same shall 'J1**"ene

committed in any county; and if the offence shall not

ie committed within any county, but within the limits of any

rort as aforesaid, or within four leagues of the coast of any part

if Great Britain, to be transmitted to the sheriff of any county

tear to the place where stich offence shall be committed j which ch^tlklame

espective sheriff shall, whhin fourteen days after the receipt to northeast, r

hereof, cause the (ame to be proclaimed, within the hours towns.

sten in the morning and two in the afternoon, in the

narker places, upon the reipedive market days of two market

owns in the same county in which, or near to the place -

there, such offence shall have been committed j and a true

Dpy of such order shall be affixed upon fomc public place in.

uch market towns: and in case such offender or offenders shall pffe"d*r*. not

tot surrender himself or themselves, pursuant to such order of {hetnfel'eil^o

tit Majesty, his heirs or successors, to be made in council safer death

is aforesaid, he or they, fi neglodting or refuting to surrender as felom, C

limfclf or themselves as aforesaid, or escaping after such fur

ender, shall, from the day appointed for his or their surrender

a afowrsaid, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be convicted

nd attainted of felony, and shall suffer pains of death aa in

afea of a person convicted and attainted by verdict and judge

rant of felony, without benefit of clergy, if the offence be

barged to have beat committed within England or Walts, or

within the limits of any of the porta thereof, or within four

eagoes of the coast thereof; and shall be adjudged, deemed,

nd taken to be convicted of a capital crime, and shall suffer

he pains of death, and confiscation of movables, as in case

if a person found guilty of a capital crime, and under sentence

or thefaahe, if the offence be charged to have been committed

within Scotland, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof,

nr within four leagues of the coast thereof j and thatut shall

ic lawful to and for the court of king's bench, or the justices

if oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, or great fefliona c0tion Sgunft

or the' county or place where such person shall be, to award such offenders

xecution against such offender or offenders, in such maimer in like manner

s if he or they had been convicted and attainted in the said J convict

ourt of king's bench, or before such justices of oyer and ein the famj

erminer, or general gaol delivery, or great sessions respectively, court, Set,

f the offence be charged to have been committed within Eng

and or Walts, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof,

nr within four leagues of the coast thereof j and that it shall

by goo^lc

alter.

shall, on conviction, be guilty of felony, and be t ran (ported for seven yean,

666 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 47. [17*4.

be lawful for the court of justiciary, or the lords of judiciary in their circuits, or the judge of the high court of admiralty, to award execution against such offender and offenders, ia such manner as if he or they had been found guilty and condemned in the said court of justiciary, or in the circuit court respectively, if the offence shall be charged to have been committed within Scotland, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coast thereof.

Any person XIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That barbouring a]j ancj every person and persons, who shall, after the timeap attcr Uic use pointed as aforesaid for the surrender of any person or persons, appointed for so charged upon oath with any of the offences aforesaid, shall their furren be expired, harbour, receive, conceal, aid, abet, or succour der. andocing such person or persons, knowing him or them to have been wkhtn^year charged as aforesaid, and to have been required to surrender him or themselves by such order or orders as aforesaid, and not to have surrendered pursuant to such order or orders, belrig prosecuted for the same within one year after the offence committed, and lawfully convicted thereof, shall be guilty of felony, and shall be transported as a felon or felons for the space of seven years, in the same manner as felons are or shall be appointed to be transported by virtue of any act or acts already made, or hereafter to be made, touching the transportation of felons $ and if any such offender or offenders shall be found at large within Great Britain before the expiration of the said term, without lawful cause, he, she or they, shall suffer death as felons, and have execution awarded against him, her, or them, as person's attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy. Not toprevent XIV Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That j»nyjmlge, jjuf nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent or .ppreheoding hipder any judge. justice of the peace, magistrate, officer, or tuch offenders minister of justice whatsoever, from taking, apprehending, and bytheordina securing, such offender or offenders, against whom such information shall be given, and for requiring whose furremfcr such order in council shall be made as aforesaid, by the ordinary course of law; and in case such offender or offenders, against whom such information and for requiring whose surrender such order in council shall be made as aforesaid, shall be taken and secured, in order to be brought to justice, before the tine shall be expired within which be or they shall be required to surrender him or themselves by such order in council as aforesaid 5 that then, and in such case, no further proceeding shall be had upon such order made in council against him or them so taken and secured as aforesaid, but he or they (hill be brought to trial by due course of law; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first day of October, one thousand few hundred and eighty-four, if any officer or officers of his majes ty's navy, or in the service of the custow or excise, being

ea

ry courts of law.

Persons ob strutting officers oi the

x784o Anno vicehmo quarto georgii III c.47. 667

on (bore, or going on board, or being on board, or returning f»avy» &c' In from on board, any ship, boat, or vessel, within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues from the coasts thereof, shall be hindered, opposed, obstructed, or assaulted, in the due execution of his or their office or duty by any person or persons whatfodyer, either in the daytime or night; all. and every person or persons so hindering, opposing, roaybecarried ©bftrudiing, or assaulting, the said officer or officers in the due J? a execution of his or their duty, and all such as shall act in his9r their aid or assistance, shall and may be carried and conveyed before one or more of his majesty's jurtices of the peace residing near to the place where such offence shall be committed; and such justice or justices shall, if he or they see cause wbomayeom commit such person or persons to the next county gaol, "dttheni. there to remain until the next court of oyer and terminer,

f; reat session, or gaol delivery, or until such person shall be de ivered by due course of law; and in case an indictment shall be found against him or them, he or they shall plead thereto, without having time to traverse the same, as is usual in cases of mifclemeanors; and being duly convicted thereof, shall, by Penalty on order of the said court before whom such offender shall be conviction, convicted, be sentenced to hard labour on the river Thames, or other navigable, river in that part of Great Britain called England for any term not exceeding three years, according to the directions of an act passed in the nineteenth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled, An at to explain and amend9 gco the laws relating to the transportation) imprisonment, and other C 74 punishment, of certain offenders) and as is by the said act directed for the puniffiment of persons convicted of grand larceny 5 or such court may order such offender to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any term not exceeding three years.

XVI Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case personscharg any person shall be brought before any justice of the peace, d with ob being charged with having hindered, opposed, obstructed, or assaulted, any officer of the navy, customs, or excise, contra o^ncetaluc ry to this act, and it shall appear thtit the offence with which within the such person is charged falls within the provisions of an act provisions of passed in the nineteenth year of his majesty's reign, entitled,

An at! for the more effectually preventing the pernicious practises committed of smuggling in this kingdom; and for indemnifying persons who until the next have been guilty of offences against the laws of the customs and quarter fef excise) upon the terms therein mentioned; it shall and may be "BS' c lawful for such justice, if he thinks fit, instead of proceeding against such offender, according to the provisions of this act,to commit such offender to the county gaol until the next quarter sessions of the peace; and in that case every such offender shall be tried and punished as by the said last recited act is directed, and not otherwise.

XVII And) for the speedy and impartial trial of any offence which by this act is inland to be a felony or misdemeanour) be it

Y y 4 enacted.

663 Aooo viccfiny) quart Grough UL c.47. [17s4.1i

Offence corn That every such offence, to case tke same soil

Und andeng"otnmiued within England, fva}es* or the town of /

Wales where Tweed, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof be tried. within four leagues of any part of the coasts thereof, hall

may be inquired of, examined, tried, and determined, before any court or courts of oyer and terminer, great faffioo, orgsoi delivery, in any county within that part of Great britdktnm Englandr, or the dominion of jvatei, in such manner as if tfe fa had hcen actually committed within such county; any law, qsage, or custoro, to the contrary in any wise ratwito (landing.

pirefkon* re XVIII And be it enacted, That in case any offence, vfckk

Ucivt to of by this ais declared to be a felony or m&fcmeamt, ftutt ted^scot ^appen to* conimitted in that part of Great Britain atted land.^** Scotland, or within the limits of any port thereof, or vritbin four leagues of the coasts of the same, information of feebof fence may be given to any justice of peace, judge ordinary, or judge admiral, depute or substitute, redding nearest the plats where such offence may have been committed; who ifht shall see cause, may and shall grant a warrant for comtnkftag the person or persons complained of to the common pal of the county, city, borough, or place, there to lie until be is liberated in due course of law; and such person or persons shall and may be tried before the court of justictary or circs pourts, or before the judge of the high court of admiraky at Edinburgh; or in case the offence be only such at is putudi able by hard labour or imprisonment, the same may be tried before the judge ordinary of the county or place w lucre the warrant was granted.. f

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforehid, bcfscvju^ were any oerfon or persons shall, by virtue of this pee

tics for 2 mtf font abe ariefted and taken before any one of his Mayfly's demeanour, 'net justices of the peace, for any offence against this denned to he admitted a mifdcmeanor, such person or persons shall in ho case bead iphaii, with to bail, unless he shall first enter flito a recognisance,

with two fuffrcjent sureties, to his Majesty his heirs and foe ceffors, in the sum of two hundred pounds, and the said fore ties in one hundred pounds each, with condition that fock person or persons shall appear at the then net enfuing court of oyer and terminer; general gkol delivery, or great feffiww, to be holder) for such county for which the justice before whore he shall be brought shall act, and answer and plead loan? indictment which may be found at or before such court for. such misdemeanour; and such recognisance Shall forthwith be Uranfmitted to the clerk of or other proper officer of the

court of oyer and terminer, gaol delivery, or great sessions, for such county as aforesaid.

Ko personae XX And be it further enabled. That where any sech apa .kmemdrui''' demeanour is committed in Scotland, or within the limits of my Scotland, to Port thereof, of within four leagues of the coasts of the same, bt admitted the person or perfoax accused thereof, and taken before tnf J o ', justice

omt entering inio a recoj. nizince fr r >tirapp< f. aiicc, C 1

" ogle.

Anno vicesimo quatto Georgii lit. C 669

uftiae df the peace, or other Judge competent In Scotland, to bail, ualefa halt not vbe. admitted to bail, unlei's he enter into a recog heen "F "*°* lizarux, with two sufficient ftfreties, to his Majesty, his heirs Od. fuccdsors, in the Aim of two hundred pound, and the aid.ibaties in one hundred pounds each, with condition that ltfhalhiand trial, in the way tod manner directed by this id, and according to the forms practised in that part of the irngdom. -

XXL And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Officers and n all cases where any officer or Teamen, employed in the fer..

of the customs and excise, shall be kilied, maimed, or ttkc of wounded, in (he due execution of his office as aforesaid, it the customs hall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his majesty's and to: uftoms and excise respectively, to make such provision for he officers and Teamen so maimed and wounded, or for the, sc widows and families of such as shall be kilied, as they shall be luthorifed and empowered to do, by warrant froth the lord ligh treasurer, or commissioners of his majesty's treasury for he time being.

XXII And be it further enacted, That it shall and may Commission

e lawful for the commissioners of his majesty's customs, in « of customs England and Scotland relpcdtively, to reward every such officer ^1

r officers of his majesty's navy, customs, or excise or peace offenders

ifticer, who shall arrest or take any offender or offenders against against this his aft, with such sum or Turns of money, as to the said com*" respectively shall appear sitting and reasonable, out

if his majesty's share of the produce, a riling by the Tale of any roods which have been, or may be seized and condemned.

XXIII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority if suspected iforesaid. That in case any ship or vessel, liable to seizure or vcfltls shall examination by this or any other act of parliament in force, it br*8 "1 shall not bring to, on being required foto do, or being chased wmv cutter ay any cutter or other vessel in the service of his majesty's mtbefemce navy, having the proper pendant and ensign of his majesty's of the navy, ships hoisted, or in the service of his majesty's revenue of the hav tt, e customs or excise, such cutter or other revenue vessel having a ^an^hmfted pendant and ensign hoisted with such marks thereon as are C rfmw* now used and worn by vessels in the service of the revenues of mander may customs and excise in a blue field; it shall and may be lawful m into*or the captain or master, or other person having the charge or them command of such cotter or other vessel. In the service of his

majesty's navy, customs, or excise, to (hoot at or into such

hip or vessel which shall not bring to, after such colours (half

dc fd hoisted as aforesaid, and a gun shall have been fired by

such cutter or vessel as a signal; and such captain or other

officer, and every person acting in his aid and assistance, or by

Iris direction, shall be, and is hereby indemnified and discharged a(mj; f be

rom any penalties or actions for damages for so doing: and prosecuted ui

n case any person or persons shall be wounded, maimed, or conf<que»ce

tilied, by orb means of such firing, and the said officer or

rffieers* or other person arming in Ms or their aid or assistance, thall be ador

miucdtobail.

G7G

I.

veftelt not in the service of the nary, or customs or excise, not to fcoift such pendant, on penalty of 5001.

From 0& 17S4.the nalriet and re ftri&ion in an 8 Geo. 1, and in 19 Geo* j C 89, re fating to certain boats, Arc. extended to other boats, 4c.

Matters of reillls arriving at any port. Sec. in this kingdom, or going outwards in ballad, shall make a true report of their vessels, and anfnrer queftkms relative to the voyage. Sec. put to them by the proper officer) on penalty of 1001,

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 47*. [1784.

or by his or their direction, shall be fyed> molested, orproic* cuted, or shall be brought before any of his majesty's juilkes of the peace, or other justices or persons having competent authority, for or on account of such wounding, maiming, oi killing, as aforesaid; and every such justice or justices, pc son or persons, is and are hereby authorised and unpowerd, enjoined and required, to admit every such officer and officer?, person and persons, so brought before him or them as afore&k, to bail; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary nottitii* (landing.

XXIV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any brit(/b ship or vessel, not being in th; service of his majesty's navy, or his majesty's revenue of tbs customs or excise, shall carry or hoist any such pendant or ensign as is herein before mentioned, the matter or person having the charge or command of every such ship or vessel shall forfeii the sum of five hundred pounds.

XXV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the several clauses, penalties, forfeitures, and rettridtions in an made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King gy the First, and in another act made in the nineteenth, year oi his present majesty's reign, for the more effectual preventing ih pernicious practises of smuggling so far as they relate to boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, galleys, or other vessels, rowing or built to row with more than four or six oars respectively, shall extend to all boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, galleys, ad other vessels, which shall exceed twenty-eight feet in length, from the forepart of the stem to the afteriide of the ftempoit aloft, and the length of which shall be greater than in the proportion of three feet and an half to one foot in breadth; fob jedl nevertheless to the several provisoes and exceptions in the said recited acts particularly mentioned, and not altered by this act.

XXVI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said first day of one thousand seven hundred, and eighty-four, the matter of every ship or vessel, arriving at any port, harbour, or creek, in this kingdom, or going outwards from any port, harbour, or creek, in this kingdom, in ballast, shall, if called upon by the collector or comptroller, or other proper officer of the customs, make a just and true report of such ship or vessel, both inwards and outwards, and answer upon oath to such questions relative to the voyage and navigation of such ship or vessel, as shall be put to him by the colledlor, comptroller, or other proper officer of the customs, at the port harbour, or creek, where he shall arrive, or from whence he shall depart, tinder the penalty of forfeiting one hundred pounds for every neglect, omiffioo, or refusal foto do 5 which oath the said collector, or other proper Officer of the customs, is and are hereby authorised and required

784*]' Anno vicesimo quarto georgii III C 47. 6yi

lircd to administer: provided always, that no matter, or other jrfon having the charge or command of any ship or vessel in tllaft matting report as above required, shall, in respedf there, be liable to the payment of any fees, other than such as ch ship or vessel was subject to p^y, previous to the patting this adh

XXVII And it is hereby further enabled by the authority Wine import oresaid, That, from and after the said first day of October,<j|in any vcf le thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any sort off*actons" ine shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into b^then, shall y port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any ship, vessel, be forfeited,#

boat, which shall not exceed the burden of sixty tonne, every also the vdfel'

ich ship, vessel, or boat, with all her tackle, furniture, ana

^parel, and also all such wine as shall be imported or brought

herein, together with the calks and package containing the

ime, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prose -

by any officer or officers of the customs, and condemned

nd disposed of as herein after is directed.

XXVIII And whereas the masters of/hips and vessels trading rom several foreign parts in Europe to this kingdom, do frequently. ring great quantities of prohibited and other goods, which ore liable 7 high duties, for the purpose of smuggling such goods in this king om, and if they are prevented, by the vigilance of the officers of the evenue, from landing such goods btfore they arrive at the port or lace of their discharge, such masters do then report the bales arid ackages of such goods, contents unknown, to be exported again nd carried hack in the same ship or vessel^ to gain an opportunity of unning the same on Jlore in this kingdom, or unjh'tpping them into mts and other vessels for that purpose, in their passage outwards, to he great prejudice of the public revenue and the fair merchants: m.d.. whereas goods are often found on board such ships or vessels, of which the majur hath not made any report; for remedy vyhereof, t is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, Goods report rom and after the said first day of October, one thousand seven CD contents lundred and eighty-four, where the matter of any ship or vef nay (^0^. el shall report any bales, or other packages of any goods, con ed/&c4 ents unknown, for exportation in the same ship or Vessel, it hall and may be lawful for any officer of his majesty's customs o open such bales and packages on board such ship or vessel 0 reported, and examine 'the contents thereof, or to bring hem on shore to his majesty's warehouse at the customhouse 'or the port where such report is made, if it shall be necessary, and such officer shall be, and is hereby indemnified, and shall not be liable to any action for so doing; and in case it shall an<l?f appear on such examination, that such bales or packages, the g, acon contents of which shall have been reported unknown as afore tained therein, said, shall contain any goods which are prohibited to be im they shall be ported, or are liable to forfeiture upon being imported into this forfeited, See. kingdom by any law then in force, all such goods, and the package thereof, shall be forfeited; and in case such goods shall not be so prohibited, such goods shall be chargeable with

&ji Araio vicesimo quarto g£orglt III 5.47.

the duties.due thereon, and shall not be permitted to bt exported or delivered for that purpose before the legal duticrir* regularly paid for the same, without the particular km id direction of the commissioners of his majesty's cbftomi^dr am three or more of them, in Btfgland or Scotland respectivety} ad all goods found on board any ship or vessel, of which art port hath been made by the matter at aforesaid, flwii be fadeih CD any law, custom, or usage to the contrary nocwitbftroding.

XXIX And whereas by an act made in the twentyjfir ft ynnf bh Alajtfly's reign and aether subseguent acts of pdfliemmt mil feru* the (ffiiers of exiife are empower od to seize tea end jpt* removing without permits and the vessels boats horses, anittu tattle or carriages used in the removing thereof tommy 0 A fmi acts s and it is expedient that his Majesty's officers oftbeaftm Jbemld have the like power; be it therefore further em&cd bj Ofljcertofcuf the authority aforesaid, That any officer or officers of his M toom to bare jptty's customs shall have the like power to seize and profaste the like power any tea or fpitituous liquors, removed or found removing cos awltkk^re 10 directions the sod recited act or to any othci moving with t noa in force, and though vefms* boats, horses, and other ca out permits, at tic and carriages employed in removing the same, as h gutted the cfficers of by the said recked at, or any other at or adit in foroe, to any officer or officers of eacifc; anything therein contain to the contrary not wirhftan ding. .' 7 14

xxa. And whereas all horses, boats cattle or carfiagn*nak use of in the removing, carriage or conveyance of other ghd^.tm trary to the provisions and directions of arum other offs of petit mm for preventing frauds in the revenue of customs hr mb up respectively made and provided are also liable to fbrfestm\.m porfes and carriages are sometimes of mail value, and the exftm of keeping and maintaining such herpes from the time bp fetxmtd they can be condemned by the common coarfr of .proceeding a dm more than they are worth by which the officers an and*my kip outraged from mbking fteeb feiznres* to the prejudice of the ftiii revenue i for remedy whereof, be it further eita&ed bvtkm thority aforesaid. That alt fetzures of horses, can am wagons, boats, and carriages whatsoever, for being dead in the removing, carriage, or conveyance, of any goods,

Seizures of Wka, boats,

Jfcc* for re

tomable^* any other cause of forfeiture, contrary to this or any other a goods, cof parliament relating to or for preventing frauds in therm Shall be deter nue of the customs, shall and may be examined into, proceed bmed bytwo t(j upon, heard, adjudged, and determined, by and bdoreany |atices. WO of his majesty's justicei of the peace refidihgaearthepke where stich seizure shall be made, iirfuch manner, and by fadi and the like rules, as (he seizure of any horses, cattle wot riages, liable to forfeiture for being used in. remeving, carrying, or conveying of any prohibited or run goods, may hemeis CD into, and proceeded upon, beard, adjudged, and determioed by any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of any a of parliament in force j and stich judgement which (had tegiren in pursuance of this act, are hereby declared to be taken mi '*f*a<h"j

784*1 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii 111. C 47.

judged good, valid, and effectuil in the law, and final to all itents and purposes whatsoever, and not liable to any appeal, r any unfit or writs of certiorari j any law, (btture, or uiage to he contraty notwithstanding.

XXXI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Part of ad ac foresaid. That so much of an act of parliament, made in the 6*°* a verity first year of the reign of his present majesty King George ie third, or any other ad now in Force, which enads, That 11 tea, which Stall be seized and arrested by any officer of the uftoms for any eatife of forfeiture, in any part of England ominion of Wales or the town of Berwick upon Tweed or tritbin that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be sent nd deposited in some warehouse or warehouses, to be appoint d for that purpose by the respective commissioners of the tuf oms in Ehgland or Scotland, within the city of London or ein ntrgb respectively, in order to be there publicly fold^/hatf be, ind the same is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be awful for the said respective commissioners to cause all fuels tea, so seized and condemned according to law, to be sold pub iickty to the bed bidder, at such places as they shall think pro''in the same manner a they might hare done, if the said recited act, or any other ad requiring such tea to be sent to London or Edinburgh for that purpose, had not been made $ anything therein contained to the contrary notwithfhmding,

XXXII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority iforesaid, That, from and after the said first day Of October one Officers mafc thousand seven hundred and eighty four, if any officer of his f30*"

majesty's navy, customs, or excite, shall make any collusive fcizure, or shall deliver up, or shall make any agreement to de not e liver up, or not to seize any ship or vessel, or any goods liablfc any ship or to forfeiture by this or any other act of parliament, or shall di good, or redly or indirectly take or receive any bribe,gratuity, recoup pence, or reward, for the neglect or nonperformance of his D duty, every such officer therein offending shall, for each and shall forfeit every offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and $00, ' ad* incapable of serving his Majesty in any office or em locapaattted* pioyment, civil or military; and if any person or persons what and every per soever shall give, offer, or promise to give, any bribe, recom so giving or pence, or reward to, or make any collusive agreement with, any officer of the navy, customs, or excise, to do, conceal, or* j connive at, any ad whereby any of the provisions made by this or any other act of parliament relative to his majesty*s customs or excise, may be evaded" or broken, every such person or persons shall, for each and every such offence, (whether the same offer, propofel, promise, or agreement, be accepted or performed or not), forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds. Veffeb and

XXXIII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority by thl adw aforesaid, That the ships, vessels, boat, and goods, forfeited or by f9 Geow by this act, or by the before mentioned act, made in the % . cap 69. nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, shall and may may be iei&ed be seized by any officer or officers of the cufidms or excise;

and £xciftr# mi

3 Geo. 3* C u.

Condemned vessels, if fit for his mi jesty't service, may be sold to the officers appointed by the admiral

y &

ji

Recital of 13

eo. 3. C 70.

N All the regu* Jation* in the recited act touching C

Armo vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 47. [17^.

and the same, and the several forfeitures and penalties heccia before inflicted, shall be, one moiety to his Majesty, his hen and successors, and the other moiety Jo any officer or ofictn of the customs or excise who shall sue and prosecute for the same; and shall and may he sued for, prosecuted, condemned, recovered, and applied, (except otherwise directed by this act), in the manner directed by an act made in the third year of tie reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An act for the father improvement of his Majesty's revenue of customs; and for tin cs couragcment of officers, making seizures; for the preventers: j the clandestine running of goods into any part of his Majesty's dfe nions) \ and all such ships, vessels, and boats, shall, uponcra demnation, be broken up or destroyed, or used and difpoiedot in the same manner, and shall be subject to the same rules and restrictions, in all respects not altered by this act, as ships & velfels of the burden of one hundred tonnes, or any leffirr burden, are subject and, liable to by law.

XXXIV Provided nevertheless, in case any ship or vefkl, liable to be broken up or destroyed, shall be ixcceflary and lit for the service of his Majesty in his royal navy, it shall and may bo lawful for the commissioners of customs or excise respectively, if they think proper to cause such ship or vessel, inrtead of being broken up or deftrbyed, to be sold to the officers appointed by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners of the admiralty, or commissioners of the navy, (or that purpose, and to direst one moiety of the produce of such sale, after the charges of condemnation and other charges arc deducted, to be paid into the exchequer, to the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to the officer who sued and.profccut ed for the same.

XXXV And whereas, by an act made and passed in the maty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituleds, An act for the morfc effectual preventing the illegal importation of foreign spirits, and for putting a flop tq.the private distillation of bn tijb made spirituous liquors; for explaining such part of the act, impoftng a duty upon male servants, as relates to the right of appeal from the justices of the peace; to amend and rectifya mistake in an act of the last session of parliament, with respect to the removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious actions againstofi cers of excise acting in purfoance of the authority given byes cife statutes)) regulations are made for the more effefind inventing vexatious suits against the officers of excise, and their tf fjlantsy acting under the authorities and powers to them given h the several statutes made for securing the duties of excise and island duties; which regulations ought to be extended to officers tj the customs, and their affiftantsy acting under the authorities XI powers to them given by the several statutes made for feiurini the duties of the customs; be it enacted. That all and every clause, matter, and regulation, in the said act contained, touching and concerning any action to be brought against

ary

784o Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IIL C 47.

ly officer or officer of the excise, or against any person tionttobe persons ailing by his or their order and in his or their brought d, for anything done in the execution of, or by rca against excise n of his or their office, or any proceeding thereupon, mall be (tended to all actions to be brought against any officer or 0ffi extended to rs of the custpms, or against any person or persons aaing by officers of though s or their order, and in his or their aid, for anything done cudoras, C the execution of or by reason of their office, and to all pro edings in every such action, in as full and ample manner as the officers of the customs had been named and included in le said act.

XXXVI And whereas, upon seizures made by officers of the floms and ex rise, which are returned into the court of exchequer,

Qtcndlefi and vexatious claims are frequently entered in fiftttious

imes by persons who have not any property in the goods, whereby

)e public revenue and the officers making such seizures are put to

reat expense in the prosecution and condemnation thereof \ for remedy

hereof, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That, prom f,

om and after the first day of October, one thousand seven hun 17*4, no claim

red and eighty-four, no claim shall be permitted to be entered to bqeotered

> any ship, vessel, or goods, seized for any cause of forfeiture

nd returned into his majesty's courts of exchequer in England CD and re

Scotland respectively, unless fudi claim is entered in the turned into rue and real name or names of the owner or owners, or pro the exebe irietor or proprietors of the ship, vessel, or goods so claimed, eferibingthe place of the refldence, and the buflnefs or pro names of the tfiion of such person or persons; and if such person or persons owners or hall reside at London or Edinburgh, or within the liberties proprietors hereof, oath Chall be made before one of the barons of the said ourts of exchequer respectively, that the ship, vessel, or goods ^ade by the 0 claimed, was really and truly the property of him, her, or owners before hem, at the time of such seizure; but if such person or persons a barrrni of the hall not be resident in London or Edinburgh, or the liberties exchequer, hereof, then, and in such case, oath shall be made, in like or by the^nanner, by the agent or attorney, or solicitor by whom such ar t0o': laim shall be entered, that he has full and legal authority and the property iirections from such owner or proprietor to enter such claim, thereof, ind that, to the bed of his knowledge and belief, such ship,

/eflel, or goods were, at the time of the seizure thereof, bona Hde, and truly, the real property of the person or persons in 1

whose name or names such claim is entered $ which oath shall be respectively endorsed and certified on the back of the indenture of appraisement upon which such claim Shall be entered; and on failure thereof, the ship, vessel, or goods, shall be absolutely condemned, and judgement shall be entered thereon by default, according to the usual method of proceedings of the court, in the same manner as if no claim had been entered thereto; and every person or persons who shall be convicted of penalty cm making or taking a false oath to any of the facts herein before taking a falft dirdted or required to be sworn, shall be deemed guilty of per oalh* C jury

Anno Tlccsimo quarto Gborch till. 0.47. (17(4.

jury, and shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjure.

XXXVII And whereas by an ail, made in tie tbb^yearefk Recital of j Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for the further improvemw Geo. $. C u, of his majest/s revenue of ctrftoms; end for the eucoun^ meat of officers making seizures; and for the proremkn of & clandestine running of goods into any part of his Majesty'sdt minions) it is, amongst other things, enabled, That every perk upon entry of any claim in the court where any fazure jbeuktp fecuted, ball be obliged to give feeurity in the penalty offixttpmh to answer and pay the costs occasioned by such claim: and wberm tk penalty of sixty pounds, in many cases, is net sufficient to axfwtnb aofts occasioned by such claim, and the persons who enter into nop ranees as the fecuritiet for fitch cojls, are very often hired firth purpose, and are not of Juylance or ability to answer and eefts for which they are feeurity, and frequently abfeoni and enu to be found, so that no part of the cofis can be recovered from thm to the diminution of the publici revenue, and to the great left etu if couragement of officers making such seizures; for remedy whereat Prom Oft. if it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from tot 1714, every after the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred ta eighty-four, upon the entry of any claim to any ship, boat, 01 goodvfeiaed other vessel, or to any goods seized, for any cause of forfeitorr gf resident in the person or persons who shall enter the claim as theowoer< Great Britain, or proprietors thereof (in case such claimant shall reside in tfo itadl be bound) kingdom of Great Britain, ) shall be bound, with two od*f ties, iita pc" sufficient securities, in the penalty of one hundred pounds, w nalty of tool answer and pay the cods occasioned by such claim; and if kh to pay costs; owner or proprietor shall not reside in Great Britain, then, i but, if not rein such case, the attorney or solicitor, by whose dirctsfoms faefa ftaube c*aiin^cntcrc<*> shall, in like manner, be bound with^two other sufficient securities in the like penalty, to answer and

manner. pay the costs occasioned by such claim 1 any law, cute, or

usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII And be it further enabled by the awhorityaforc* Penalties and said. That one moiety of the several penalties and forfeitures in forfeitures this act mentioned shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs cortnan^m anc ^uccc^orss another moiety shall be to the use of to plied person and persons as shall inform, prosecure, or sue for tiw

same, (except in such cases where any other appropriation 01 distribution of the said penalties is made by this act, or by ani other act or acts; ) and that all the same penalties and forfutures shall and may be prosecuted and sud for, and the cause and controversies arising thereupon tried, heard, and dew mined, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Wefhmtfr or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, respectively, (acq* where any provision is made to the contrary by this or in? other law or statute now in force, ) wherein no essoin, prow tion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, flub bellowed.

XXXIX AM

j1784j. Aito# tficjesimo Quarto Gbohoi! IN. e. 47.' 677

; xxxtx. h is hdreby further erta&td by the authority limitation of iforesaid, That if any £ftion or Am shall be brought or com action, noticed against any person or per tonnes, for af matter or rhing by him orthem done or executed by virtue or or in pursuance wf this sd, such action or salt shall be eommienced within three months next'tfter the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in thoproper county; and the defendant or defendants in such ac horror salt shall and may plead thegeberai issue, and give this act General issue wd the speciat matter in evidence at any trial to be had theta on and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by tuthority of this act; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfoited, or difeominue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendant shall have treble costs awarded to him or them, against Treble costs facb plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XL And whereas many persons, r having incurred heavy penalties by reason ofoffences commuted against the laws for colliding end fnuring the revenue of customs and excise, are deterred front renouncingit heir evil ceurfos, through fear of being discovered by some of them ajjkiates, and thereby subjebed to prosecution; and other per ftns are confined in prison for penalties and fines Jet upon them in eenfoquence of their having been conviffed of jucb offences, which they Ore unable to pay; and manys to avoid Jucb penalties and forfei 1 uertsy have withdrawn themselves into foreign parts and proeefs of outlawry may have issued against some of them: and whereas it is expedient to extend a pardon and indemnity to ptrfons under the n0 profecd ef resold cireumstances \ he it therefore enacted, That no prose tiontobe cution by bill, plaint, information, or action of debt, shall be commenced commenced for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture, incurred by j1°ran^j: tu" reason of any offence committed by any person or persons "n^cdb/ against any of the provisions of any act or acts for cblleding offences a, and securing the duties under the management of the commis gainit the (toners of the customs or excise, committed before the twenty cust»itj*or fourthday of Junes one thousand seven hundred and eighty committed (burr, but that the said penalties and forfeitures shall be wholly before June pardoned and released \

XDI. And be it furrher enacted, That as to ail penalties or His majesty's fines now due on any former conviction, upon any of the acts 0, ares al afone&id, or which may become due in cenfequence of proses" r^cru*on attitms now carrying on, the same shall be pardoned and dif visions, discharged, so far as regards the share or interest of such'penalty charged, orftntfgiveitto his Majesty; and that all persons against whom perfohsout soyproeefs of outlawry hath been sued out for the majterslawed qfoseiaid, may be 3t liberty to apply, by motion, to the court a^!^rtcourt tout of which feck process iffued/to let aside or reverse the tojiavethe

sans. process re vers

xlrll And be it farther enacted, That if any person or peri. fons who shall claim the benefit of this act, shall, alter such If any person, claim, 'bring, or commence, or cause to be brought or com after C a'inm?

Voi, XXXIV

Z z

menced,

the benefit ot

Gc >gle

67ft

this a, Hull bring an action against any officer of the navy, See. for anything done on occasion of the offences intended to be released by tbit ad, such officer may plead the general Mue, and recover costs of suit.

No to extend to offences for which the of fender is liable to corporal punishment.

Other matters to which this act shall not extend.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 47. [1784:

meneed, any action, plaint information, or other profeoudoa whatsoever, against any officer of hia majesty's navy, or in the fervtce of the customs or excise, or other person who shall haw aided or assisted any such officer, for or concerning any id, matter, or thing, done or committed by them, or any of then, on occasion of, or for or by reason or means of any of the offence, frauds, misdemeanours, or other matters or dung intended to be released and discharged by this act, such diimis and shall be deemed to be an absolute discharge and teleaft t such officer or other person of and from all am every such actions, suits, and profccutions; and such officer and other person may plead the general issue, and give the fecial matter evidence $ and the said officer or other person shall recover hit costs of suit against the person or persons so bringing or commencing such action or prosecution.

XLIII Provided always, and be itenacted, Thatnothiag in this act contained shall extend, or be conftrtied to extend, a discharge or release any indiftmenr, outlawry, or other proctfc, for or by reason of any felony, or other indiftable offence 1 gainst the laws for the protection of the revenue of theculiomt or exdfe, or of the officers employed therein, for which the offender is liable to corporal punishment, and not to a pecuniary penalty only.

XLIV Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge or release any seizure of any kind of goods, wares, or merchandizes, ot of ships, vessels, or boats, or other thing whatsoever, or any prosecution now depending for the forfeiture of such goods, wares, or merchandise, (nips, vessels, boats, or other thing, under any act or acts of parliament now in force; nor to acquit, release, or discharge, any judgement or judgments uhen the moneys, or other things recovered, have .been aduailylon ed or taken in execution before the making of elis aft) norm acquit, release, or discharge, any information which has ben already entered against any person or persons for the ncosery of any penalty, fine, or forfeiture, incurred by any offoce committed by him or them agakift any law now in force made for the fccunty of the revenue of customs and excise, ot soy vendift or verdifts obtained, or judgement or judgments recorded thereon, in respect to such part thereof as belongs to, or b been ufoally allowed and paid to the officer of his Majesty'i navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, (at whole in fiance the prosecution is or was carried on, ) according to th mode in which such suit or suits hath or have been commenced and carried on; but such information, verdict ot vend ids, or judgement or judgments, shall and may be proceeded upon in the name of his majesty's attorney general, as originally enretd and proceeded upon, without any alteration in the proceedings upon such information, verdict or verdifts, or'judgment or judgments, for the recovery, in due course of law, of such pvt of the penalty or forfeiture incurred, as belongs to or has beta

ufmllv

i7#4*] Anno vlcttfirnoqyarto Georgii III C 47, 639

ifually allowed and paid to such officer of his majesty's navy,

rin the service of the customs or excise, (at whose instance: prosecution is or was carried on, ) according to. the mode in which such salt or fails hath or have been carried on.

XLV Provided allb, That this act, or anything herein'this act not rontaihed, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to ac to'xten^to. uit, release, or dilcharge, any person or persons whatsoever

the payment of all customs, duties, and urns of money, {, the lawful lue and owing to his Majesty from such person or persons, for importation r upon the lawful importation or entry of any goods, wares, f mercban r merchandizes; nor to any debts or turns of money due to dlze* lit Majesty from any person or persons upon any bond, obli; atioa, or other contract or agreement whatsoever, touching or bonds heraw oncerning the lawful importing or landing any goods, ware?, mentioned j r merchandizes, or the customs or other duties due and pay: ble for the same; nor to any bonds given or entered into for he exportation of any goods from this kingdom to foreign parts, and to prevent the relanding of the same in this king lorn; nor to any bonds given for landing any goods coastwise within this kingdom nor to any bonds or obligations given by my officer or officers of his majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, to his Majesty, or any of his predecessors, or to any other person or persons for the use of, or in trust for his said Majesty, or his predecessors; nor to any debts, dues, nor to debts or demands, due or owing to his fsid Majesty, for or in re relative to dp. sped of any Aim or sums of ihoney by him, or any of his royal b?nture'« predecessors, at any time paid upon any debenture or debentures, certificate or certificates, where any such debenture or: ertificate was wrongfully or fraudulently obtained, or where the same debenture afterwards became void by any relanding of the goods therein mentioned, or by any other way or means whatsoever; nor to any other debts, dues, or demands, for or in respect of the customs, excise, and other duties chargeable on any goods, wares, or merchandizes, concerning which tlyere is any action, information, suit, or prosecution now depending in any of his majesty's courts at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XI*VI. Provided also. That nothing in this act contained Not to exrsnd shall extend, or be construed to extend, to acquit, release, pr lifeharge, any commander, captain, or other officer employed ^m^j, u in the service of the East India company, or to any tradesman, fervfce, manufacturer, or Ihopkeeper, having a known residence in this'kingdom, from any penalty or forfeiture which he .fnay be iable to by virtue of any law how in force for any offenee committed in the course of the trade or manufacture in which ses concerned, contrary tq any act or acts of parliament made for security of the revenue of customs or excise.

XLVII Provided also. That all persons who have com wunded with, or agreed or offered to pay, any sum of money u y way of composition or charges to his Majesty, or to the lords good, or the ommissioners of his majesty's treasury, or to the commission i*rt*e** ?s of the customs or excise for the titpe being, W U majesty's

ZZ2 fehalf, tw, ft.

f8o

This act may be pleaded in discharge of any thin pardoned thereby.

Persons taking benefit of this act, who have commenced any actions against: officers of the navy, C release such actions, and stay all proceedings thereon.

Anno vicesimo, quarto georgii III C 4?. x17^4*

behalf, for or in respect of any of the abovementioned offences or sot the forfeitures or penalties arising thereby, (htrtl'mikfe good such cotnpositions, agreements, ana offers, as have tteeh by them respecttvefy made, or in default thereof, eh and cv«y such persons shah be excluded and deprived of and from all benefit and advantage of this act. —

XLVIII And belt further enacted, That any person Or persons may plead this act for h is or their discharge ofbrhforimj thing that is by virtue of this act pardoned difthahgijl'or granted; or shall and may apply for such discharge in a ftafrmary way, by motion, to the court of exchequer; which roar Than make such order touching the Raying or discharge of atay such suit, or of any person hnprisoned by reason thereof, as to the said Court shall seem meet.

XLIX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who shall take, receive, or be inthlcd to any benefit or advantage by virtue of this present act of indemnity, either by phsrtfvtlg or infifttng on the same in any court of jiiftice, or oefotie iny of the barons of the court of exchequer, in a summary way; ' or otherwise, and who hath or shall (before, he, (be, or they mall claim the benefit of this present act) have brought, commenced, or pfofecuted any aftton, plaint, or information, iridift mentor other prosecution whatsoever, against any offic^f of his majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or agatnft any person or persons who shall or may have been aiding or assisting to any such officer, for or concerning any matter, cause, or thing, done or committed bjr such officer, or by any person or persons aiding or affifiing him, on occaffiod or for or by reason or means of any of the offerieesi vtefpaf fes, frauds, mtfdemeanors, or other matters or tnihes by this act intended to be released and discharged, fhifl, wore such time as h, Ihc, or they shall be admitted to makhfoch plea as aforesaid, or to take any benefit or advantage tsftftis aft, absolutely release and discharge such aftiort of afti6hs* discontinue and cause to be ftard all proceedings in am ants every such informations; indiftmentsj and other profecut5on and prosecutions, brougiit or commenced as aforesaid.

CAP. XLVIII

An or for better Ji curing the duties on far eh an i Jiaju

Preamble;

Act 10 Anne,

C % 6.

HEREAS the fraudulent prarice of mating flarch h jm entered plates, without paying the duties imposed tbe+ea by law, has very much imrenfed of late to the great Ufs of tie revenue, and to the injury of the fair traders: and'whereas by (Ok eft made in the tenth year of the reign of our late fovereirn £$ufen Anne. among ft other things, for laying new duties on forth, aft maters. 9} Jiarch in Great Britain are required to give notice in tvritbg, at the office for the duties on Jiarch next to the place where f

I

784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 48. 68*

arch Shall be made, of their respective nanus and plans of abode,

nd of every workbouse, storehouse, room, and other plate by them

fed tn and for the making, drying, and keeping of forth, or of

'our, meal, or other materials proper to be made into forth^wt

er a penalty of fifty pounds: and whereas by an act made in, go. 3. C

he nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better 40.

curing the duties on ft arch, every maker of starch is required to

diver to the officer who surveys his starch house, an account in

writing, containing as well an exact description of every room and

late by him made use of for the making, drying, or keeping of (larch,

s dlfo of every vessel or utensil used by him for the making of (larch,

fore he presumes to. use the same, under a penalty of fifty pounds:

nd whereas the said penalties have been found ineffectual, and not

Iffidtnt to prevent the fraudulent and secret making of Jlarch, by

ll disposed per Jans in obscure places, without paying the duties for

be same: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the king's

noft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and oonfent of

he lords .spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, Prom Sept.

rom and after the twentieth day of September, one thousand ^rchmaker

even hundred and eighty-four, no maker of starch, within to erect, alter,

!treat Britain shall erect, setup, alter, change, enlarge, or make or use, any

use of, any workhouse, storehouse, room, or other place, for the 'workhouse,

naking, drying, or keeping of starch, or for the keeping any C o^kee -

lour, or meal, or other materials proper to be made into starch, , ! of starch..

ufc any fat, trough, kiln, stove, box, utensil, or other vef or the mate

CL for the making of starch, without first giving notice in writ rial thereof,

ng thereof, and of his or her respective name or place of

ibode, qr unleft such notice thereof shall have been before given out giving

n writing at the office for the said duties oa starch next to the proper notice

)lace where such starch. shall be made; and if any maker of to the next

larch within Great Britain shall erect setup, alter, enlarge, or office;

nake use of, any workbouse, storehouse, room, or other place,

or the making, drying, or keeping of starch, or for the keep

ng any flour, meal, or other materials proper to be made into

larch, or shall use any fat, trough, kiln, stove, box, utensil, or

there vessel, for the making of starch, without giving such notice

hereof, and of his or her. name and place of abode as afore:

: or without delivering to the officer who Airveys his or her

tarch house, an account in writing, containing as well an

: xza description of each and every room and place by him or

her made use of for the making, drying, or keeping of starch,

is also of each and every vessel or utensil by him or her made

use of for the making of ftarch5 then, and in every such case, on penally ot

the offender therein, for every such offence, shall forfeit the L

Turn of two hundred pounds.

II And, in order to deter perfans from assisting the proprietors of Private and unentered jlarch houses in carrying on their fraudulent iraftices, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Thar, prompt rom a nd after the said twentieth day of September, one thou fons^ffitting^ and seen hundred and eighty-four, when any officer or offi in making

z Z r cer$ starch in un

vj k?lc

Officers may hrreft such pertont, and tonvey them before a justice, dcc.

Antio viccfitno quarto Georgii III C 48. [U

entered cers o excite shall discover that the making of (larch is carried houtts, to on in any private worldioufe*, room, or place, whereof no such

tortcit jol. Wtice as aforesaid has been given at the next office for the

duties on (larch, and shall at the same time discover in the workhouse, ftorchouse, room, or place, where such private making of (larch shall be so discovered, any person or persons knowingly assisting, or any ways concerned in carrying on such private making of (larch, every such person or perluns so discovered ft ail forfeit and lose the sum of thirty pounds, over and above all penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor or maker of such (larch shall be liable to; and it shall be lawful for the officer and officers of excite, and all other persons ailing in their aid, to (lop, arrest, and detain, all and every the person and persons so discovered in.such workhouse, ftorenouse, room, or place, and to convey the said person or persons before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, wherein such persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid; and It shall be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace refoecllvely, on confelfion of the party, or on proof by the oath 01 one or more credible witnefsor witnesses, to convidt the person or persons so discovered as aforesaid; and the person or persons so convicted shall, immediately 00 such conviction, pay the said sum of thirty pounds into the hands of the officer who shall have conveyed such offender before such justice or justices of the peace, to be applied in manner herein after dire died; and on such offender or offenders refuting or neglecting to pay the said sum of thirty, pounds, the justice or justices so convicling as aforesaid shall, by warrantor warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and teals, commit the offender or offenders to the house of correction for the said county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectivety, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of six months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction, and the person or persons so committed shall not be dischargd until he, (he, or they shall have paid the said tom of thirty Penalty on a pounds, or until the expiration of the said six months; and in second offence. case the person or persons so convicted shall be again discovered in any workhouse, "storehouse, room, or place, where the making of (larch shall be so privately carried on, assisting, or otherwise concerned in scarrying on such private making of (larch, he, (he, or they, so again offending, shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for such second offence the sum of sixty pounds, and shall be committed to the house of correction - manner aforesaid, there to remain for and during, the term of one year, or until the. said sum of sixty pounds shall be paid. Prom Sept, 20, IM dndy for the further preventing the daniestine mchta if 1784, the Jlarch % be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from name of every and after the said twentieth day of September, one thousand fc to be painted vcn hundred anc eighty-four, every person who shall make over the door, arc within Great Britain shall cause to be painted, in large ron the legible letters of at lead three inches in length, over the outwanj

n t d°°ri

f

If offender refuse to pay the penalty, he may be committed.

1784*] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 48s 63?

door, or in some conspicuous part of the front of his or her starch front of bit house, the christian and surname of such starch maker, with the jferch house, addition of the word starch maker; and if any person shall make C starch within Great Britain without having nis or her christian and surname, with the addition of the word starch maker so as aforesaid painted over the outward door, or in same conspicuous part of the front of his or her starch house, he or she so offend on penalty of ing shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds., h

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twentieth day of September one From Sept. 10, thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, when any starch, ex7*4* n0 ceeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, shall be jn^, s poamit removed or carried by land or by water, the word Starch shall foall be re be painted or marked in legible letters, of at lead three inches moved, unless in length, on every chest, calk, sack, or other package wherein he wo, [d such starch shall be contained j and any starch, exceeding the ^bly marked quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, which shall be found n the pack removing or carrying, or removed or carried, by land or by age; water, in any chest, calk, sack, or other package, not having the word Starch so painted or marked thereon, after the said twentieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be forfeited, together with the chest, calk, on penalty of sack, or other package containing the same, and the boat or yeflel, horses or other cattle, wagon, cart, or other carriage, the^ttleand made use of in removing or carrying the same; carriages, CV

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said twentieth day of September, one Dealers re thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any dealer in, or ceiving more seller of starch, shall at anytime knowingly receive into hi custody any quantity of starch, exceeding twenty-eight pounds Jardi not weight, not having the word Starch so as aforeuid painted or marked at marked on the chest, calk, sack, or other package containing aforesaid, for the same, he orb so offending shall forfeit the sum of two/cila9°h hundred pounds.

VI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said twentieth day of September, one starch make thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any maker of starch ersohftrua shall obstruct or hinder any of the officers for the duties upon starch in the execution of any of the powers and authorities 1 c1, 0q. given to him or them by this or any other at for the afeertam inj or securing the duties upon starch, the person or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

VII And whereas, notwithstanding the laws now in farce for securing the dutier on soapy many frauds are still frequently prafiiftdy to the great loss of the revenue and to the injury of the fair trader, and some better regulations in the manner of carrying on the soap making buftnefs are fill wanting; for remedy thereof, be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the twen fromsepm*, tieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*officer.. all and cvqry the officers of excise shall at all times by

ZZ4 V dayentciu*

>ogie

684 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 4*. [1784*,

house, boil day or by night, and without waiting for the prtfcncc of a con houte, C stable or peace officer, be permitted, tfpon his or thdr reqocft, t or ny fuap to cnjer jnto the house, boiling house, warehouse, or other; take^an ac place whatsoever, belonging to or used by any maker or makers*C uit of the of any soap whatsoever, and, by gauging or weighing of the leap 1 rude, soap, or otherwise, as to such officer shall seem moil proper and ami alto of the convenient, to take an account of the just quantity of the soap making 1 here w*lic^ shall have been made by such maker or makers of (bap of. S from time to time; and also to take an account of all materials for the making of soap, in the possession or custody of such maker or makers of soap; ami all and every the officers of excite (halt be permitted to stay and remain in such house, boiling house, warehouse, or other place, belonging to or used by fufch maker or makers of soap, or in any of such places, so long as suchofb* cer or officers shall think fit.

VIII And for the better preventing the frauds frequently cam V mitted by diverse makers $fsoap, be it further enacted by the at from Sept. 20, thorny a/oresaid, That, from and after the said twentierh day 1784, 00 soap cf September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, co n keonvenvc ma^er f°*p have or cep any P*PC* conveyance anceto o" ^r001 or to any copper or pan made use of in the boiling or make from any cop mg of soap, lave and except one movable pump for taking out per or pan, salt or spent lees, which pump shall be taken out of such copper movable or Pan before topper or pan shall be locked down by the pump) officer; and that no maker of soap shall have any cock or pcf or any cock Nation or hole in the side or curb, or bottom or cover of his or hole in the or her boiler or copper, nor shall have any part of the curb side or curb, movable, nor shall use any syphon, crane, or trinket, but (h*h cu*take out all lees soap, or other ingredients, contained in the said copper or boiler, by a pump, or by a ladle only; on patn that any maker of soap, having or keeping any pipe or other conveyance from or to any copper or pan made use of in the boiling or making of soap, save and except such pmtip as ak said, or having any cock or perforation or hole hi the fideor ct.rb, br bottom or cover of his or her boiler t copper, or haig any part of the curb movable, or using any syphon, crane, or on penalty of trinket, shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum 500!. of five hundred pounds: provided always, That it shall be hw^

Pioviso. full for every maker of soap to have, in the cover of his 6r her copper or boiler, small holes, not exceeding one eighth bf an inch in diameter, for the (team to escape through the same.

IX*And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeiri, fromsept.ap, That, from and after the said twentieth day of Sepfrfokrry onfe 1784, the co, thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, thecovts iwid furnace nace doorr" oor an door of cvety copper, pan, or othfck uteiffll

C to be kept used by any maker of hxrd soap for the boiling or thkkmgdf locked by the soap, mall, and they >a*e hwfcby teqtuvfed to be fecurfclylocked, officer, except fastened, and sealed down by the btfteet dr officers of Recife C y01*' who survey such trader, fetfcll times, except when such copper,

pan, or other utensils, shall be at work, or shall be opened for repairing the same, or for the infpc&iorvof w officer or officers*of

etc. or ms boiler, nor use any syphon,

784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III c.48. 685

f cxctfe; and proper locks and keys, and all other necessary Locks and artenings* for securing and sealing the said covers and furnace keys to be m.d.. afit hdc doors of every such copper, pan, or other utensil, r[°7urvebo hall be provided by the respective surveyors and supervisors of &<?. a/the ea rxctfe of the respective districts or divisions in which such make pence of the rrs of soap shall respectively reside, at the expense of the re makers, petfiive makers in each division or district; and whenever such maker of soap shall be desirous of opening such copper, 'pan, or n her utensil, or the fomace ora(h hole door thereof, and shall lave: given to the officer of excise of thediviflon of dtstrict, welve hours notice thereof, if such maker of soap shall reside within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or wenty four hours notice thereof, if such maker of fottp shall efide in any other part of Great Britain, then the officer of ex rise shall attend to open such copper, pan, or other utensil, or: he furnace or ah hole door thereof; and if, by any means, Any person art, device, or contrivance whatsoever, any person fhalfopen clan<!cft, northeast, F iny such copper, pan, or other utensil, or the furnace or ash coppers C bole ddor thereof, after the same shall have been locked and 0r damaging Gfecured as aforesaid, before the same shall have been unlocked such yaften m.d.. openbd by the officer of excise, or shall wilfully damage or fr

burfc any such lock or other fattening, every such person shall, tei 100*sot every such offence respectively, forfeit and lost the sum of one hundred pounds.

X*And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twentieth day of September, one soap makert houfand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any maker or make uwtru6ting rrt of soap shall obstruct or hinder any officer of excise in the fcitc^j° execution of the powers or authorities given to him or them by: his or any other act for the ascertaining or securing the duties upon soap, the person or persons offending therein shall, for svery such offence, forfeit and lose the ftim of fifty pounds.

XI And, for the better preventing the clandestine making of soap, From Sept, so, without payment of the duties for the same; be it further enacted »7*4» officer by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said twen count, asoften tieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty a they think four, it shall be lawful for any officer or officers of excise to sit, of all ma: ache an account from time to time, as often as he or they shall terials for think fit, by gauging, weighing, or orherwife, asto him or the maker's Jicni shall fetm most^proper and convenient, of all tallow, Oil, possession. rosin, and grease of every kind, and of all materials for making soap maker oap, which any maker of soap shall at anytime htfve in hispof to provide ession; ind futh maker of soap shall provide proper feales and fcafes* heights, ahd assist the officer in weighing and taking futh ac courts on pain of forfeiting twenty pounds: and in case such weighing, 6c. officer shall find anydecreale of any such materials for making on penalty roand <h*h not receive a fetisfaaory account thereof, fufcho(*t>l« r>f!icbr (halbcharge such maker of soap with duties for such de Dufies tole rrcafe, according to the rates and 1 proportions following; "tb ro say.

t, m decrlafeof the following materials.

For

686 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IIL C 48. [178

Oils For every fourteen hundred weight, or two hundred and a

gallons of oil, so missing, such officer shall charge any maker 1 hard (bp with the duties on twenty hundred weight of hsj soap:

Rendered For. every thirteen hundred weight of rendered tallow \

tallow; missing, such officer shall charge any maker of hard Ibap

the duties on twenty hundred weight of such bap:

Kitchen stuff For every thirteen hundred weight and two quarters; and tallow: kitchen fluff and tallow so missing, such officer shall charge ad

maker of hard soap with the duties on twenty hundred weg of such soap:

Tallow rosin, For cvcry fourteen hundred weight of tallow, rosin, and 0] C 1*so missing, such officer shall charge any maker of yellow, brow

or rosin soap, with the duties on twenty hundred weight; such soap -

And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefaij

soap makers That every maker and makers of soap, before he, me, or th: | to give proper shall charge his, her, or their copper or boiler with any matt officer before man f so*pt shall give to the officer of the divifecj

theyccharge ?r p^cc where such (bap is intended to be made, notice in writ their copper, ing of the particular time and hour when such maker of soap in

tends to charge his or their copper or boiler, as herein after i What shall be mentioned; (that is to say), If such soap is intended to be mad deemed pro at any place within the limits of the bead office of excise in Laper notice. <&#, then such notice shall be by the fpacc of twelve hours nexi before the time of charging such copper or boiler; and if Aici soap is intended to be made at aoy other place, out of the iimio aforesaid, then fych notice shall be by the space of twenty-four hours next before the time of charging such copper or boiler; On faiture of on pain of forfeiting and losing the sum of one hundred pound giving such at every time when any makes of soap shall begin to charge his notice, to for or ber copper or boiler without first giving such ^otiqe as afore tit tool. occ. an(j fuc|a ma^er of soap shan not begin to charge his or her copper or boiler within the space of three hours next after the particular time or hour mentioned in such notice, then such notice shall be vpid; and every maker of soap who, after the expiration of the said time, shall begin to charge his or her copper or boiler, without haying first given a hew or other Lie notice as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, .

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 8o*pmaker to That every maker of (bap shall, before charging his or her cop weigh, in pre per or boiler with any materials for making of soap, weigh, in fence of the the presence of the officer, all the rosin, tallow, great or other the<materials materials with which such maker of soap intends to change his with which be or her copper or boiler, and all such rosin, tallow, great, or intends to other materials, shall be put into the copper or boiler in the charge his presence of the officer; and in case the quantity of bard soap, copper, C aftcrwarcj$ produced therefrom, shall be found by the gauge in

the frames to be lets than ought to have been produced accord

0 ing

784*] Anno vicesimo quarto georgi/iii. C 4tf.

g to the ratfcs and proportions herein befbre mentioned, then ie deficiency therein shall be charged with the duties there up 1, according to the rates and proportions herein before men oned; provided always. That if any maker of soap shall have larged the copper or boiler with rough fat or rough kitchen 'ease, then eight pounds of rough fat shall be deemed equal to ven pounds of tallow, and five pounds of rough kitchen reafe shall be deemed equal to four pounds of clean kitchen reafe.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

"hat no maker or makers of hard (bap shall, after the twentieth No foapmak ay of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, er cpu ill any hard soap but in the (hape or form of cakes or bars, or 'hat is commonly called or known by the name of Ball Soap; soap but in the nd that all feraps and parings of hard soap shall be returned (hape of cakes ito the copper or boiler, in the presence of the officer immedi of bar tely after the soap that has been put into the frames from any aw / "P northeast boiling shall have been cut up for sale; on pain that every shall^be1^* [taker of hard soap, selling any such hard soap in any other form turned into han as aforesaid, or not returning all feraps or parings of hard the copper, fa oap into the copper or boiler, in the presence of the officer, pjjjfenccofthe mmediately as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred on 'ounds for each offence., o<t 1

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid /

all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, The powers nethods, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters and thing, ?°^penaj^et which in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign >f'king Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for taking away relative to ex he court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights cife duties, # rervicey and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty*!*

: thereof /, or by any other law now in force relating to his vlajesty's revenue of excise, or inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, are provided, settled, or; stablished, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, deteding, and punching frauds relating thereto (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are prescribed by this act), shall be exercised practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all finep, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, Penalties and shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, lorfe, tu{ means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or csrewl and" may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law applied.

698 Anno vicrisimo quarto Georgii III C 49. [1784.

Or hw$ of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, ormfor mation, in any of his majesty's courts of record at West'mbrflet} or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety ts him or them who shall ipform, discover, or sue for the same.

XVII And be it further enabled by the authority afordaij, Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced again!:ions. any person or persons for anything by him or them done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county 5 and the defendant or dc general issue. fendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, 2nd give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or proheu' tion, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them,

upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants Treble costs. shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs,

CAP. XLIX

An act for granting additional duties upon raw and thrown film ported into Great Britain, end upon lead exported from Great Britain into parti beyond the seas; and for allowing a drswkti upon the exportation of/illsy and stuffs mixed with sill,

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TTTE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty't public. expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates, duties, andim* portions hereinafter mentioned; and do most humbly beseech

Jour Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Ling's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and aeon lent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the bmc, From Sept. io, That, from and after the twentieth day of September, one thou 1784, the fol fcmi seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, le t?onal^duties vie collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his to be paid to heirs and successors, for and upon the goods herein after mentis Majesty; tioned, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, ai videlicet, ready imposed thereon, the several and respective duties tallowing; that is to say,

Raw Clk im For every pound of raw silk, each pound containing twenty

- ^jund'four ounces imported or brought into the kingdom of Grtti pouft 1 the sum of two Shillings apd nine pepee;

4, U

goo

*784*] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 49. €89

For every pound of thrown silk, each pound containing six Thrown (ilk teen ounces, imported or brought into the kingdom of grazf^s. per pounds .Britain, the sum of two Shillings''*

for and upon all lead, cast and uncast, the fodder or Lead expert tbn, containing twenty hundred weight avoirdupois, which shall edit. is. the be exported from Great Britain to any parts beyond the seas, tonne the sum of one pound, one shilling -9 and after those rates for ny greater or less quantities: , '

And the said duties shall be also subject and liable to an addi Duties liable tional impostor duty of five pounds per centum and five pounds to the addi per centum thereon, in the same manner, and under the same ^c0nntg*t^gr regulations, as the said duties were imposed by two several acts imnpo4dcby°n# of parliament, made in the nineteenth and twenty second years 19 Geo. y C of his majesty's reign, for granting to his Majesty additional duties5» and* upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the re Gco# C**

commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain.

II And? to promote and encourage the silk manufactures in this Hingdom, and the exportation thereof into foreign partsf it is expedient that a further premium or bounty fhouli be allowed thereon, in From March proportion to the additional duties granted by this cdt on the importa b^«n

tion of raw and thrown silk; be it therefore enacted. That, from tjcs to^au and after the first day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred lowed on ex. and eighty-five, over and above the former bounties allowed on portationyf the exportation of the several articles herein after specified, there shall be allowed and paid to the exporter thereof, British maau*

failures t

For all ribbons and stuffs of silk, (except gauzes), made in silk ribbons Great Britain, the sum of two Shillings for every pound weight and Huffs, is. avoirdupois: per pound:

For all silks and ribbons, made in Great Britain, of silk mix jl, ks anded with gold or hiver, the torn of two Shillings and eight pence with gold!see. for every pound weight avoirdupois: xs. sd. per

For all silk (lockings, silk gloves, silk fringes, silk laces, pound Hitching or sewing (ilk, made in Great Britain, the sum of one Silk stock ffiihing and nine pence for every pound weight avoirdupois: ings, See. it.

For all stuffs of silk and grogratn yarn, made in Great Britain, stufftoffilk*the sum of sixpence for every pound weight avoirdupois: and grogram

For all stuffs, made in Great Britain, of silk mixed with incle 6d. per pounds or cotton, the sum of eight pence for every pound weight avoir Of silk and*dupois: cotton, $ d.

For all stuffs, made in Great Britain, of silk and worded, the pr pound: sum of fourpence for every pound weight avoirdupois*and in ^orftiad^d. those proportions for any greater Or lesser quantity: perpouaj.-

Which said several allowances shall be paid in the same manner and form, by the same rules, regulations, and reftriltions, under the same securities, and subject to the same penalties and forfeitures, as the former bounties granted on the like articles are paid and allowed, and are subject and liable to by any a

or

Duties to b

Under the management of cornraif fioners Of customs;

and levied and recovered in the same mao ner as the former duties.

A book lobe provided by the auditor of the exche

suer.in which ae duties shall be entered separate from all others. Application thereof.

If the duties grated by tn\s and other acts of the present session shall not be sufficient to pay the an mnties granted by the lottery aft.

Anno vicesimo^aarto Georgii III C 49. [17fa

or acts of parliament in force, except where any akemkn is made by this act.

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties herein before granted shall be uqda the management and direction of the commissioners of his ms jesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, and Audi he paid down in ready money, without any discount or deduction whatsoever, and (nail be drawn back upon the exportation of such foreign goods as paid the duties'hereby granted upon the importation thereof; and the said duties shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, and the drawbacks allowed in the same manner and form, and under the like restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are rejped ively raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, and allowed (except where any alteration is made by this act), as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, in any act or acts of parliament now in force relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act; and the said duties hereby granted, shall (the necefrary charges of management excepted; be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, for the uses and purposes in this act directed.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the moneys ariiing from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so paid into the said receipt of exchequer at aforesaid, except so much thereof as is herein before otherwise appropriated, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this (efliotiof parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (intituled, An act for mpngourt tain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establijbing a lottery,

V And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time or times it shall happen that the produce of Uie several duties granted by this act, together with the several other, duties, revenues, an<j taxes, granted in this session of parljir menr, for the payment of the several annuities of three pounds per centum, ana of four pounds per centum, and of five Shillings and sixpence per centum, in respect of six millions borrowed is purfugnee of an act of this present session of parliament, inti tufed. An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of anmtuu and for establijbing a lottery), (hah not be sufficient to pay and difefiarge the several annuities of three pounds per ceatitm % and

of

y84.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 49; r

f foor pounds per centum, and also the said annuity of five fillings ana sixpence per centum, to continue for seventy five years nl six months, from the fifth day of July, one thousand (even*undred and eighty-four, and then to cease, together with the thdr charges and expenses attending the said respective annui es, to be satisfied and paid out of the same at the end of any r either of the half yearly days of payment at which the same re directed by the said act to be paid; then, and so often and the deficiency 1 every such case, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may, UJ£

fnpplied out of any of the moneys which at any time or times thefinkinx

ball be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fur fuad,

lufies, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues compos

ng the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such

ndnies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any par

icular use or nfes by any former act or acts of parliament in

hat behalf) $ and such moneys of the said sinking fund shall

m.d.. may be, from time to time, issued and applied accordingly;

ind if at any time or times before any moneys of the said fond

0 be established as aforesaid shall be brought into the exchequer

is aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for pay.

ng the several annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually in:

: and grown due at any of the half yearly days of payment

before mentioned, that then, arid in every such case, the mo

lay so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the moneys of

he sinking fund, (except as before excepted), and be issued ap

ardingly.

VI Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority

aforesaid. That whatever moneys shall be issued out of the said which shall be

sinking fond, shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out

of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament fuppliss.

VII Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority foiefaid. That in case there shall be any furpius or remainder Surplus, if of the moneys arising by the said fond, after the said several and h.?^to refpfftive annuities, and aho the annuities granted in respect of M pp wa the money due for bills payable in the course of the navy and victualling offices, and for transports, and also for ordnance debentures, converted into annuities in pursuance of an act made

in this (eflion of parliament, and all arrears thereof, are satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose, such furpius or remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for paying the interefi of the remaining navy bills, and for payment of the ordnance debentures, as the same shall reispectively become due and payable; and also for the payment of any annuity or annuities which may hereafter be created for the discharge of the said navy bills and ordnance debentures respectively; and the commhti oners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the famo accordingly.

CAP.

Gyt Add vjoeftno quarto swioltflt. C 5«, 5 f. {^4.

CAP; L

Asst id to retire and continue (evcral laws, relating to the aflewi^ tk exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and otter articles, to &* Many's sugar coionka in Americas and to the «ho*u*g a draafea of the duties on ram shipped as (fores, to be roo/urarri os bosri wa chant Uiips on their voyages; and to extend the proviso**of aasas the twenty-third year of his present Majeiiy, relative to the^remoral «*wine ia cades, to wine removed in bottles and other packages

80 much of aft 16 Geo. j. C 37. as relates to the exportatsoo of where, C to the sugar coionics, revived, and continued until May a 12^ So much of an act 19 Geo. 3. C si. as relates to a drawback on rum &£> ped as ft ores on board merchant ships, revived, and continued ootil Apni i, 17i6. Act j Geo. 3. C 76. recited. From Sept, so, 7x4, ilieiftirt aft, so far as it relates to the removal of wine without a certificate, Jc. shall extend to the removal of wine in bottles, or other packages

CAP. LI

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences te ht taken out by persons vending bats by retail; and also certain dutx on bats sold under such licences; and for laying additional duties: i all hats and caps imported into this kingdom

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. W^majesty's most dutiful and lojnl lubje&x, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembkd, towards raising, by the mod eafv means, the neeeflary fuppjirs which we have granted to your Majesty in this fefltoa of p*rhi ment, have voluntarily resolved to give and grant onto yew Majesty the several rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech yaur Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it coa&ed by the king's most excellent Majesty, bf«and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal,

aed commons, in this present parliament aflembkd, tod From Oft.?, by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fir dy 1784, the fol of October9 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there tctbe^ pridto* racy collected, and paid, throughout the king his Majesty; dom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his viz.9heirs and successors the teveral rates and duties following; lhai

All retailer "of felt or beaver hats, Sec. All persons uttering or vending, in Great Britain, by retai!, in Great Bri any ^ats$ commonly called or known by the name of a/ror out alkence Stuff or Btovtr Hats, or any leather or japanned hats,

annually: shall annually take out a licence for that purpose in manner

For which hereinafter pre scribed:

fliatl be paid, - And where the person, so uttering or vending by retail such within the hats as aforesaid, shall reside within the cities of London and tality orbo Wtjlminjitr, or within the distance of the bills of mortality, or rough of within the borough of Southwark in the county of, there Southwark, shall be charged a lamp duty of forty Shillings;

4#, .« And

i'784*1 Anno vicesimo quartageorgn III c.51. 693

And where the person, so uttering or vending by retail any And in cities uch hats as aforesaid, shall reside in any city or market town, ^jns^fth nher than the cities of London and lvej}minster9 or borough of out t^c Southwark in the county of Surrey there shall be charged a $: -

lamp duty of five Shillings:

And where the person, uttering or vending by retail any such And in other uts as aforesaid, who shall reside in any other part of Great lhe.

3ritain9 not being a city or market town, there shall be charged m' 5$'* 1 lamp duty of five Shillings: :

every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or For every self apanned hat, not exceeding the price or value of four Shillings, r hat, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold, by any person or per ceeding^" in ons taking out such licences, there shall be charged a lamp value, d: luty of threepence..

every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or Fronts. to apanned hat, exceeding the price or value of four Shillings, and a(, uty°^ iot above the price or value of seven Shillings, which (nail be 6 ittered, vended, or sold, by any person or persons taking out uch licences, there shall be charged a lamp duty of (ixpence:

For every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or From to apanned hat, above the price or value df seven Shillings, and Uty

lot exceeding the price or value of twelve Shillings, which shall e uttered, vended, or sold, by any person taking out such LI ences, there shall be charged a damp duty of one shilling:

For every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or And above apanned hat, exceeding the price or value of twelve Shillings, °*

which shall be uttered, vended, or sold, by any person or per ons taking out such licences, there shall be charged a stamp luty of two Shillings:

II And be it further enabled, That, for the better and more Duties to be: 0fcdual levying and collecting all the said duties herein before jj^*r tj^cnt granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and s^hvcom inanagement of the commissioners for the time being appointed missionersof 0 manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, s parchment, damps.

r paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such officers under them for that )urpose, and to allow such Jalaries and incidental charges as nay be necessary, and to provide and use such (lamps to denote he said duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf; and to do ill other things necessary to be done for putting this all into execution, with relation to the said rates and duties herein be ore granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as hey, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in xecuiion any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first From OH. f, lay of Ofiober, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, j ?* io person whatsoever required by this all to be licensed shall, bereiaw inlefs he or she be licensed in manner herein after prefcnbed, mentioned ittcr, vend, or sell, aoy felt or wool, fluff or beaver hats, or withoutalu

You XXXIV A a a any

<>94 Anno viccsimo quarto georsii IIL C 51. [1784

any leather or japanned hats, in Great Britain, upon pas to on penalty of forfeit, for every offence, the sum of fifty pounds; to be reco $ol vered and applied as herein after is directed.

Any two com IV And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the mi (Goners of passing of this act, any two or more of his majesty*s coatfl& persons "oners» appointed for managing the duties arising by dampsm pointed try vellum, parchment, and paper, or some person duly wtho them, may rized by them, shall grant licences to such persons who Anti grant licences, apply for the same, to sell felt or wool, stuff or beaver hats, or leather or japanned hats, in any city, town, or other place within Great Britain, for the space of one year, to commence firm the said first day of October, one thounnd seven hundred and eighty-four, upon all licences to be granted on or before tit day, and upon licences to be first granted to any person arper tonnes after the said first day of 08obtry one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, to commence from the day of the date of Licences to be every such licence; and all and every person and period who renewed an hall take out such licence for selling hats, shall take out afirtih nually. licence for another year, ten days at least before the expiration of that year for which he or she shall be so licensed, if he or foe shall continue to sell hats by retail; and shall, in like manner, renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for the stamps on such licence, as long as be of (he shall continue to sell hats by retail.

Every licensed V And be it further enacted, That every person vending or retailer to expofine to sale hats by retail, and who shall have taken out s^licence For that purpose as herein before is directed, (haflcask inua'ts by Re l^c words Dealer in Hats by Retail, to be painted or written in tail, over the large and legible characters, either over the door, or in foot door or on the visible place on the front of his or their house, (hop, or wase boh kouse, at the respective place at which he or they keep such bats u C for fajc< to denote that such person or persons is a dealer in hats, and licensed for that purpose; and if any person so licensed as aforesaid, shall presume to sell any hats, without fixing or hanging out such notice as aforesaid, every person so vending ttr exon penalty of posing to sale any bats shall, for every hat so sold, forfeit and os. for each pay the sum of forty Shillings; to be recovered and diftribhted hat sold. as herein after is directed.

Unlicensed VI And be it further enabled, That if any person or perfens persons put. shall caufethe words Dealer in Hats to be affixed or put in 6c wordspto°te ^ront hcr» or tier houe or P or warehouse, without

forfeit job being licensed as aforesaid, he, (he, or they, so offending jha)l, for every offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

VII And whereas doubts may arise what person or perfmsoeayk

ionfsdered a retail dealer or dealers in bats within the wiftnosfib* $

Who shall be this afly be it therefore enacted and declared. That0 perfoos

deemed re who shall sell any less quantity than one dozen of hat ak one

tailers of hats. tjme to any onc person shall foe deemed a retailer of bats^and

shall be liable to take out a licence for that purpose.

Stamped pa VIII Andin order to ftcure the duty aforesaid be it. further

enabled, That every person uttering or vending by retail, or ee taxed to a txptfag

i by

*^84«] Anno vicesimo quarto geor6rl fit. C 51; expolfing td file, any h*ts liable to the duty hereby imposed, shu apply to the coimriissioners of stamps, or to the officers appointed by them, for paper tickets, stamped with the several and fcspective duties hereby imposed, to be parted or affixed, by the perfect or persons so uttering or vending by retail such hat or.hats as aforesaid, to the lining in the inude of the crown of(tlch hats, in such manner and form as the said commissioners shall direst; and every felt or wool, stuff or beaver hat, or any leather or Japanned hat, uttered, vended, or sold, by arty period or periods taking out the licence required by this act, shall have affixed thereto such stamped ticket, mark, or device, and in fcwh manner and form, and in such part of the inside thereof, as the commissioners of his majesty's stamp duties shall from titrte to tirtie direst.

IK. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons 'ftfcll v*nd, utter, fell, or expose to sale, or shall purchase, or receive in exchange for any other article, any hat or hats, subject to the stamp duties hereby imposed, unless the stamp ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same shall be affixed and marked and stamped as by this act is directed, or that shall have ny ticket affixed thereto marked or stamped with a stamp or mark of Jess denomination or value than by this act is directed to be affixed 5 every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such hat so sold, uttered, or exposed0 foie, or so bought or received in exchange, the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is di rtfted.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any person licensed in pursuance of this act, who shall soil to any other retailer of hats also licensed, any hat or hats, although the stamp ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same mall not be affixed and marked and stamped as by this act is directed.

XI Andy to prevent the mark Or stamp hereby directed to be used9 which bds been affixed to any haty prom being made use of again to affix to any other hat be it enaftea. That if any person or persons shall fraudulently cut, tear, or take off, any mark or stamp, in tefpeft whereof or by which any duties are hereby payable for any hat, or shall fraudulently affix or paste on in any hat, uny ticket hereby directed to be stamped, the same having been once inude use of for the purpose aforesaid, and shall hereafter sell, utter, or expose to sale, any hat with such ticket so fraudulently cutt from, taken off, or removed; then, so osten, and in every such case, all and every person and persons so offend 'ing in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall forfeit the fom of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter is directed.

XII And to prevent perfohsy so licensed as aforesaid, from selling Vtoi taping any ttekets which have been before made use of for denoting any of the duties by this act imposed and for preventing such

/ %

the fining of the crown of hats,

agreeable the direftiortf of the com missioncrl.

pefforts feu ling, Sec. anf bat liable td the duties, without a prof per damp.

to forfeit rob

Not to extend to orte licensed retailer Telling to another.

Persons fraudulently tearing off. or affixing any stamp already used in any hat, Stc.

shall forfeit aol

6g6 Anno vicesimo quarto geor« UI. C

Na person to frauds; be it enacted. That if any person shall, from and sdetcr

ticket ^alread^ pa^ln8 l^ls ac sell or buy any lfekct» in order to be used, cy again made use of to be affixed to any bat liable to the duty

on penalty of sou

Either buyer or seller who shall inform against the other party,

shall be indemnified.

shall make a separate charge for the (lamps.

hereby imposed, every such person so offending shall, for evefy such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIII Provided always, and. be it enabled. That if either buyer or seller of any such ticket, or of any hat not haying the proper ticket affixed thereto, as aforesaid, shall inform against the other party concerned in buying or selling (ucji ticket, or such bat not having the proper damped ticket affixed thereto, as aforesaid, the party so offending shall he admitted to give' evidence against the party informed against, and shall be indemnified from the penalties by him or her incurred. Retailers deli XIV And be it further enacted, That where any person or perk118* licensed in pursuance of this act, shall deliver in any to the duties, 6 hill or charge for any hat or hats (subject to the duties hereby '*imposed), such person or persons shall make a distinct and separate

charge for the (lamp or (lamps which shall have been affixed to the hat or hats so charged in such bill.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Persons coun That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be terfeiting counterfeited or forged, any (lamp or mark directed or allow (lamps, with c(j to cussed by this act, for the purpose of denoting the fraud his Ma duties by this granted, or shall counterfeit or referable the jesty, to suffer impression of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, death as fe his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; or shall ln privately or fraudulently use any seal, (lamp, or mark, direst

CD qk allowed. to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Provision of That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and ail other mat fatincrto^src" ters anc h, nss prescribed or appointed by any former act or kamp duties, as parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, to be in force parchment, and paper, shall be of full force and effect with rein executing jation to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be ap this act plied and put in execution for raising, levying, collecting, and

securing the said new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had several ly and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new fates and duties hereby imposed.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforecud, Penalties, sued That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed, shall be divided for within six and distributed (it sued for within the space of six calendar

tobe^divided monl*ls from re time f any such penalty being incurred) in'manner following; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fuctefiors, and the other moiety thereof, with full

costs

Goog ;

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 51; 697

costs of futt, to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid' '

all pecuniary penalties which shall exceed the sum of Penalties extwenty pounds, iraposed on any person or persons for offences ceding to I. committed against this act, shall and may be sued for and rer

covered in any of his majesty's courts at Westminsterfor offences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwicl upon Tweed; and in his majesty's court of sessions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences Committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

xfx. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such division or distribution of the Informers not penalties as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby confined and entitled to any restricted to the prosecuting for the same within the time penauiesun herein before for that purpose limited; and that in default of |efs fuca for*such prosecution within the time aforesaid, no informer or in within six formers shall have or be entitled to any part or share of such months, ^penalties, but that the whole thereof shall belong to his majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable in manner aforesaid 5 anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

XX Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for Any neigh any justice of the peace residing near the place where the of booring juf 1 fence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary fences where penalty not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds; which said the penalties justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon do not mwd any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and shall examine into the matter of fast; upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness orwit nestes, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand and seal for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures, so adjudged, on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of the offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be persong ag. sooner paid and satisfied: if any person or persons shall gricvcd by find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such deternri* such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving fecu nat, I may .jity to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, ^rtwfcf A a a 3 together Sons,

by

Anno vicesimo quarto gsoroit TO. CI together with such costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace Wt the next general quarter fcffions for the cotmty, riding, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon witnefifes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay coftfroo cafioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XXI And be it further enabled by the authority afotelaid, Ptrfoiu fina* That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a wftstefs§ wit or witnesses, to give evidence before such justice or jufkcerof foall Tia peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either to\ppear* on l^c Parl prosecutor, or of the person or person XC

Without area cussed, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time d fopable ex place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasontblc cure, to forfeit excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to

s

Justice may mitigate pe

' fromdft. i, ill, the fof jovrmg additional import duties to be paid to his Jtfajclty VI

lowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty flihk lings; to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means V as herein before directed as to other penalties: provided nevef thelcfs, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said iuf fice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen any mch penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as jn prosecuting the same, being always ahowed, over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce'the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the said costs and charges; anything contained in this at, or any other a St of parliament, to the contrary not yvithstanding.

XXII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the several goods herein after mentioned, which shall, from and after the said first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty foiir, be imported or brought into this kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, the several and respective duties following $ that is to (ay?

forhats, Ire. For all hats or caps (except night cap) made of felt, dr

made of felt, manufactured wholly of meep or lambs wool, the film of six 6d. the pieces. J

V pence the piece:

For every hat For every bat made of, or mixed with, beaver woof, or with

made of bea hair, or other fur or wool of whatever kind, the sum of tiro

verwool, Sec. Shillings

to be And the said duties shall be also subject and liable to an addi addtt^nalim imppft or duty of fivp pounds per centum and five pound

poftof5pe? ptr untum thereon, which were imposed by two several6*

made

i.2&4 t aboo vieefitrw qparto Georgii III C 5r. \ ^99.

idad? in the nineteenth and twenty second years of his Majes cent.and jper ty*s xeign, /flr granting to his Majofiy additional duties upon that j^rofedby"* product of tot several duties under the management of the respective.l9\3to. f eommijtioners of the tujloms and excise in Great Britain. C51 and 1*

XXIII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority geo c 66 aforesaid, That the said duties herein before granted upon the import duties importation of such hats shall be under the management and to be under direction of the commissioners of his majery's curoms in eng land and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in ready commission xnooey, without any discount or deduction whatsoever, and ersofeuftoms, shall be drawn back upon the exportation of the same goods $ and drawn and. the said duties and drawbacks shall be raised, levied, col bajjll p0n.ex* 1 fected, recovered, paid, and allowed, in the same manner and P on form, and under such rerrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are respectively raised, levied, and to be collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where ar.y al evi«d and retention is made by this act), as fully, to all intents and pur fa^anne#* poses, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties ate former and forfeitures, in any act or acts of parliament relating there duties, C to, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of " efent act.

Andy for encouraging the exportation of hats into foreign parts, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Hats, two to and for any person or pcrlbns, Iicensed in pursuance of this down in one ad, to export any number of hats, not less in quantity than f^e^rted^ two dozen in any one package, without having the Ramp without hav ticket affixed thereto as herein before is directed, upon giving ingtheftamp notice to the dirributor of Ramps living nearer to the place"*«* affixed where the person so exporting such hats shall reside, and ob there, t C taining from him a certificate thereof, which he is hereby directed to give, without fee or reward.

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the several duties herein before granted fltall be paid dt?^e* from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for j^ver gene the time being of the duties on Ramped vellum, parchment, rai of stamp and paper, who shall keep a separate and dirinct account of duties, and by the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary pd 5nto charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being theexc "etluer* deducted), into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on Ramped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the said receipt shall be pro Auditor to. vided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys aris provide a book tog from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said monks receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from separate from all other moneys paid or payable to his majery, his heirs or all others, successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money Application so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be thereof,

fund for the payment of the several annuities and all other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable.

Aa a 4

pursuant

and recover treble costs.

O Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IIL C 53* [17)54;

pursuant to an act of this present session of parbamem, {wti tilied, An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of extmpvei, and for establishing a lottery).

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforefttd, jvfendant* That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, ir.av plead the molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them doneor geacral issue, executed in puifuahce of this act, or of any clause, matter or thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall or ma? plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict (bafi pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plain! become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants (baste have treble costs awarded to him or them against such pbintifi or plaintiffs.

CAP. LII

- i

An act for raising a farther sum of money, by loans or exchequer Wh 1 for the service of the year one thoutand seven hundred and eighty*four.

Comiirflioners of the treasury may raift i, o©o, ooo1. by loans and exchequer bills before Jan. 5, 1785, in manner as by the malt act of lift (fefloa .is prescribed, See. The dautes in the said act relating to loans or bills, (Exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be re Reived again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1785. Action not to lie for such refusal. Money so raised to be repaid mt of the next parliamentary aid; and if fuf&cient (applies be not granted before July 5, 1785, to be charged on the sinking fund. Moneys fot&ied to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to jd. yancf the said sum on the credit ot this act; a a aft 5 & £ Gul. Sc Maii^ notwithstanding. '

CAP. LIU.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on all gold andfik ver plate imported, and a)so certain duties on all gold and silver wrought plate made in Great Britain.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subject, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembied, being desirous to raise the supply granted to your Majesty in this fec flon of parliament by ways the least burdensome to your majesty's subjects, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty thcrespective duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly bcfrech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituai ana temporal, and commons, in this present parliament at fembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the first day of December', one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all gold apd silver plate which shall be imported pr brought iqtb* — - «*., 'the

Preamble

From Dec.?,

178+, the following duties Uppn gold and fi I wer plate ro be paid to his Majesty; viz.

1784.] Anno Vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 53.^ 701

the kingdom of Great Britain, and for and upon all gold and silver plate to be made or wrought within the same kingdom, the several and respective rates and duties following; that is to say,

For and upon all gold plate which, at any time or times affor gold plate ter the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and imported intq eighty-four, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom Great Britain of Great Britain, or which shall be made or wrought within the an additional same kingdom at any time or times from and after the said duty of 8 s. ftrft day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty per ounce; four, and which shall or ought to be touched, allayed, and marked in Great Britain, over and above all other duties already imposed thereupon, a duty after the rate of eight Shillings for every ounce troy; and proportionably for any greater or less quantity:

And for and upon all silver plate which, at any time or For Giver plate times after the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be imported or brought into the grwtbrisiin kingdom of Great Britain, or which shall be made or wrought an additional' within the same kingdom, at anytime or times from and af duty of 6 d. ter the said first day of December, one thousand seven hundred Pcr ounce ind eighty-four, and which shall or ought to be touched, iflayed, and marked in Great Britain, over and above all other luties already imposed thereupon, a duty after the rate of six >ence for every ounce troy; and proportionably for any greater r less quantity:

To be paid by the importer, or makers or workers thereof espectively, as in and by this act is directed and prescribed.

II And) for the better and more effectual raising, levying, tol tfiitig, and payings the said duties her ein bej'ore granted, be it fur

her enacted, That the same, as far as relates to gold and i! The duties on er plate made or wrought in Great Britain, shall be under the Plate n|*!eln; overnment, care, and management of the commissioners for ^imder* he time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his the manage tfajesty, his heirs and successors, and charged on damped ment of the ellutn, parchment, and paper; and they, or the major part commission f them, are hereby authorised and required, from time to ers oi stamp # to appoint and employ such officers under them for that >urpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as hall be necessary; and to do all other acts, matters, and hings, necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, mh relation to the said duties on gold and silver plate made r wrought in Great Britain, in the like, and in' as full and mple manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is uthorifed to put in execution any of the laws now in being oncerning damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III And be it further enacted. That the said duties by this ie duties on ft imposed upon wrought gold and silver plate to be imported, d to be nmicr lall be put under the care and management of his majesty's the manage

1. V commissioners ment of the

C'ole

70? Anno viecsimo quarto Georgii III C $3* [1784,

commissionert commiflior*ers of the cu (loons in England, and Scotland ittyc* of customs. tively, and shall be raised, levipd, recovered, and paid, and J

be brought into the exchequer, (tq and for the.uses and pur. poses in this act expressed), by such rules, ways, means, and methods, and upder such penalties and forfeitures, and in sod manner and form, as the duties upon gilt and fibre wire imported, imposed by an act of the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, or by any act of parliament relating thereto, are prescribed and appointed to be raised, levied, recovered, answered, and paid.

From Dec. V WAND be it further enacted. That every working mid smith and silversmith, or other manufacturer of gpld or like Shall send to whatsoever, who shall, at any time or times after the laud fid the a(tay of day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, fice, with, work or make, or cause to be wrought or made, an; gold a ^eryi5arce' vcr ve^> pate or manufacture of gold or fibre whatfccrer, fitver a^rit recluir^d to be touched, allayed, and marked, by the cocnpaoj ten note; of goldsmiths in London, or the company of goldsmiths in Eh burgh, or by the Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by tin wardens and altayer or aflayers at York, Exeter, briffiu Qxjbr % Norwich, and Newcastle upon Tyne, shall from time to time send, with every parcel of such gold or silver, to the office of the said respective companies, cities, and places, a prticulara to note or memorandum fairly written 5 containing the day of the be specified month and year, the christian and furnamc of the worker or therein. maker, and place of his or her abode, and also all the (peats in such parcel of plate, and the number of each species, with the total weight of such pareel, and also the sum of moixj payable for the duty upon the total weight of such parcel j and also shall from time to time send, deliver, and pay, with every such pareel, to the officer belonging to such respective ify office who shall receive such parcel of gold or fibre solent to be touched, allayed, and marked, the duty by this act directed to be paid upon every such parcel of gold or silver h required to b? touched, assayed, and marked.

Plate bow to V And be it further enacted, That the wardens, or their be marked, deputy assay mailer, weigher, or other person appointed by the said respective companies or allay officers, shall mark with the following new mark, that is to Cay, with the mark of the king's head, over and besides the several other marks dkefod by law, all and every such pieces or parcels of gold or silver Duties to be plate so sent to be touched, marked, and allayed $ and (hill, paid previous previous to the touching, marking, or allaying such gold ei so the mark jyvcr pja^c V manufa<fturc> alk, demand, and receive, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of and firot the person or persons whose property is io required to be touched, marked, and allayed, the lum of eight Shillings for every ounce of gold plate, or manufacture of gold, and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity, which shall be brought to the said respective allay offices to be touched, marked, ua. assayed as aforesaid j and alfq tfec sum "of fixpvw for ever;

Goc. '

7^4*f Afltio vicesimo quarto georgii Iff. C 53- 7°3

umde^fitfver plate ot manufacture of silver, and foin pro

>ortiotf for any greater or less quantity, which shall bt brought

o tfietafd respective assay offices to be touched, marked, and

rflayed as aforesaid 5 and shall give a receipt for the duty so paid to

6 the person or persons bringing such plate or cnanufedure | or

rid in default of receiving such duty, in manner aforesaid, such

tfye&ive companies or assay offices so touching, marking, or

tflaying such plate, shall be accountable to his Majesty, his

\z\t9 and successors, for the said duty, as if the same had ac

ually been by them received.

Vt And be it further enacted, That the assay matter, Assay maflerfc ewher. or other officer of the said respective companies

n. n r r______________duties and de

Weigher,

r assay offices, who shall, from time to time, from and after h^citthe note! he ftia first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and they receive, sghty four, take and receive the said moneys and duties, with daily, to the he said notes or memoranda, ihal! daily, as soon as he shall cjerk or acme entered the same in the book or books of the said respec cgttntont»

: ive companies or assay offices, deliver the said notes or memo "atidums, and pay the said sums of money and duties so by aim received, to the clerk or accountant 01 the said respective companies or assay offices, who shall file the same notes or nemorandums, and enter the same, and keep a true and faith.

il account in writing, in books to be kept for that particular lurpose, of the duties received by him under and by virtue of: his aft \ which said account shall at all times be open for the hfpedion of any person or persons duly authorised, under the tends and seals of the said commissioners of the stamp duties,

>mhe major part of them, to insped the same.

VII And whereas gold or silver wares, when sent to be marked vtd ajfriyedy are sent in so rude and rough a Jiate that the same in be finishing are greatly lejjened in weighty be it therefore enacted,

That the person appointed by the said companies or assay ossian allowance

fcs to take and receive the moneys and duties by this act di of the

ested, shall, where such plate is sent to be marked and af j^sefer

'ayed in the same rude and rough state as heretofore has been goodt sent tn

usual, make a deduction of one fifth from the weight, and an be assayed in #

illowanfce of one fifth part of the duty hereby imposed, to the rou£h

>erfon or persons bringing the same; and shall, at the bottom

)f the note or memorandum herein before directed to be kept

ind filed, express the dedudion from the weight, and the al

owance of the duty accordingly: provided always. That

lothing herein contained shall extend to any allowance being

ttaefe on any quantity of silver plate or manufacture, less in

freight than one ounce troy, nor to any fradional part of ap

)unce. Gold or diver

VIIL And be it further enacted, That, from and after the aid fist day of December, one thousand seven hundred and n hghty four, no goldsmith, silversmith, or other person what be sold or ex roever, making or selling, trading or dealing in, gold or fil changed, or ttt wares, thall fell, exchange, or expose to sale, in Great «p°rtdt '** Britain any gold or silver yeflcl, plate, or manufacture of gold Sy rts aft

or directed |

on penalty of 50i.

and forfeiture of the goods.

Particular wares to which this act shall not extend.

it Geo, 1. f. 16.

Duty to be returned for all gold and Silver defaced for being coarser than the standard if no intended fraud shall appear).

Anno vicesimo quarto Geopgii III {1784,

or silver whatsoever, made after the said first day of Doaskr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, or export the same out of the kingdom of Great Britain, until such time u such vjeflel, plate, or manufacture of gold, (being of thdstand ard directed by law) and such vessel, plate, or manufai&uft of diver, (being likewise of the standard directed by law) (has be marked with the new mark herein before directed, (that if to fay), The king's head, over and besides all other touts already directed by law to be marked or impressed thefcoo, upon pain that every such goldsmith, silversmith, or otherper son so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pa; the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and disposed of 2$ herein after is directed; and for default of not paying dqwntk penalty upon conviction, shall be committed by"the court, ia which judgement shall be given thereon, to the house of cor. rection for the county, city, liberty, or place where convkted, there to remain, and to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding the space of one year, por less than six months, pr until payment be made of the said forfeiture; and also upon pain that such gold and silver vessel, plate, and manufacture of gold and silver, which shall be sold, exchanged, or exposed to faje, without having the mark thereon as by (bis aeft is directed, shall be forfeited, one moiety thereof to the king's jnajesty^ his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons who shall sue for the fatlie.

IX Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this aeft contained shall extend to any jewellers works, that is to say), any gold or silver wherein any jewels or other stones are or shall be (et (other than mourning rings), norm pny jointed night earrings of gold, or gold springs of Sockets, nor, to compel any of the wares of gold or silver to be slipped or marked with the stamp or.mark directed by this aff, which are particularly excepted in the a made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An a fi for lit Infix preventing frauds and abufs in gpld and fiver wares.

X Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That when any parcel of gold or silver shall in any of the refpcftjve assay offices aforesaid be found to be of a coarser allay than the respective standards, and shall be cut, broken, and defaced, then, and in such case (and where no intended fraud shall appear) the duty granted by this aff, and which Shall have been paid upon every such parcel upon the delivery thereof to be astayed, shall be returned to the worker or maker by the companies or assay offices who shall cut, break, or deface suck gold or silver work or manufacture so brought to be touched, aflaved, and marked j and the said companies and assay offices mall make an entry in the books herein before dire^j to be kept by them of the species and weight of each parcel so cut, broken, and defaced by them, and the names of the persons to whom such gold and silver ^iatp did belong, and the amount of th; duty so returned.

784*] Anno vic$fi*no quatto Georgii III C 53: C J

XI Andin order to prevent any injury to the manvfaflwrm of New duties old and silver plate and for the better encouragement of the expor Pai<* for plite ation thereof be it enalied, That, in case any person or persons back on^11 whatsoever, shall, at any time or times after the said first day of portadon December one thousand seven hundred and eighty four during thereof, he continuance of the duties by this act imposed upon wrought late, or manufaltures of gold and (ilver, export by way of nerchandize for any foreign parts, any plate of gold or (liver wrought or manufactured in this kingdom, which by this, alt s charged or chargeable with the said respective duties of eight billings per ounce, and sixpence per ounce, and the same shall ppear to have been made and marked as aforesaid, after the aid first day of December, one thousand seven hundred an ighty four, and the duty hereby direlled shall have been paid hereon, and shall give sufficient security before the shipping hereof for exportation, that the particular quantities bf such, or manufaltures of gold or silver intended to be extorted as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall pot be reland*

; d or brought again into Great Britain, and shall make proof, ipon path, that the same gold or silver plate, or manufactures were actually made or marked as aforesaid, after the said first lay of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, ..

which securities flh^ll be taken in the King's name, and to his ife, and the fiudpaths shall be administered, by the customer ar collellor of the respective port for such exportation; and and shall also produce and deliver to such customer or collector a certificate, under the hand of, the person to whom such wrought plate or manufactures of gold and silver were consign id, certifying that the same have been received, and mention ng the weight and particular species of plate so consigned and -

eceived, the name of the person consigning the same, the,

lame of the vessel, and the name of the captain commanding such vessel, and the port of Great Britain from which the said vessel was cleared, and the port to which such vessel was bound; and shall also, where the drawback shall amount to five pounds and upwards, authenticate such certificate by a notprial all in writing; and where the same cannot be done by a notorial all, then the same shall be authenticated under the hand and seal erf

he chief magistrate of the city, town, or place where such wrought plate or manufahure ot gold and silver shall be received; that then, and in every such case, the said customer or collellor shall give, to the exporter thereof a debenture, expressing the true kinds and quantities of such plate and manufaltures or jold or silver so exported, or Shipped to.be exported; and the exportation or shipping thereof being certified by the searcher upon the said debenture, the collellor or receiver of the said duty on plate, upon the said debenture so certified being produced to him, shall forthwith pay a drawback or allowance after the rate of eight Shillings for every ounce troy, and proportion ably for any greater or less quantity, of such plate or manufahure of gold, and after the rate of fixpenice for every, o ounce

foozle

Jo 6 Anno vfcegmo tpurtcr gcolttnrhf. e.

cone troy, and proportionably for any greater or 1«& quawfev, of such plate or manufacture of silver, out of the money of tie, said duties on plate or manufactures of go Wand silver then hi the hands of the said receiver or collector, without fteertel ward 5 and if the said receiver car collector shall not have moon I in his hands to pay any such debenture, then the receiver gets enl 1 of the lamp duties for the time, is hereby required to pay, er | cause to be paid, the said debenture out of atiy of the duets | arising by this act, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII And, toe better to prevent thefraodulent relan&ngefer plate in this kingdom after the drawback bat been paid and atkwti for the same, it is hereby further enacted by the authority afmt wrought, That, all wrought gold and silver plate which shall be ia pltte intended tended to be exported from this kingdom into any fortig! for expomti parts, before the same is Ihipped for that purpose, shall be brought by the owner or proprietor thereof to theafdw office, olice and y an^stamped or marked with the figure or a Thu marked with tannia, in order to denote that such plate is entered msd'io a Britannia, tended for exportation, and to be allowed the drarwbad thereon.

Gerk See. of XIII And be it further enacted, That the clerk or account the go'ldtiniths eat of the company of goldfmlths in Lotiien dull, on the company, twentyrfifch day of December, one thousand seven hundred and within two eighty-four, or within two months after, deliver to the fiid*g( commissioners of stamp duties, or some person or peribas to deliver to*' authorised by them at the head office to receive the same, tree thecommifli copies of the accounts herein before directed to be kept, for the eros ft amp quarter which (lial I be completed before such day of deli very, and acmuntsfojf the same time shall pay all such sum and sums of money which (hs8 the preceding have been received oh account of the said duties before thefiud quarter; twenty-fifth day of December; and from thenceforth shall, foae, f time within two months after the twenty-fifth day of Added,

thenceforth be twenty-fourth day of June, the twenty-ninth day of septen within two ber, and the twenty-fifth day of December, in every year, or at months after such other times, after the expiration of the said; two month!, every quarter as may be appointed by the major part of the said commhsoft <uy, Kc. erj^stamp duties, giving a previous publick notice of fourteen days, or more, by advertisement in the London Gatstttt, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the said cotnmissioners, er to the person or persons appointed by them far the purpose of receiving the same, at the head office of the said commlfioa ers, true copies of the accounts herein before directed to be kept by such derks or accountants of the said respective companies or assay offices, for the quarter which shall be completed before and shall nay^delivery, - or notice, as the case shall be; and, at the moneys 'the same time; shall pay such sum and sums which shah appear due thereon, to be due on such accounts to the receiver-general for the time to the receiver being of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer appointed to receive the said duties; for uac* use of Majesty, his heirs and fcccdlbrs, at the said head

office j

(784*] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii in. C 5$? joy

office s upon pain of forfeiting, for every default in not deli rering true copies of such accounts, the sum of five hundred ott

pounds; and for every default in payment of the moneys due on fitch accounts, double the amount of the money so due and payable at the time of such default.

XIV And be it further enacted, That the wardens, or their wardens, or ieputiesj or the clerk or accountant, or other person appointed other perron o receive the duty hereby imposed, by the goldsmiths company appointed by it Edinburgh, or by the companies of Birmingham and ^tnnlnvalt

r the respective assay offices at Tori, Exeter, Edinburgh,

Norwich, and Newcastle upon Tyne, or other cities or places C within where any assay office shall or may be established, shall, on the tw0 months: wenty fifth day of December, one thousand fevpn hundred and ^i'efi*: ighty four, or within two months after, deliver to the head vertothe liftributor of damped vellum, parchment, and paper, in and head diftrf: or the city or county in which such companies or assay offices bn for of hall be established, or to the person or persons duly authorised m.d.. commissioned under the hands and leals of three of the said accounts for torhmissioners for lamp duties to receive such accounts, and the preceding: he money due thereon, true copies of the accounts herein be quarter;

[ore directed to be kept by such companies or assay offices re pedfively, and which shall, on the said twenty-fifth day of Dernier, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, or within [wo months after, be otitstanding, or to be accounted for under his ad, and shall, at the same time, pay all the moneys which hall have been received by them respectively on account of the iforesaid duties, before the said twenty-fifth day of December; m.d.. from thenceforth shall, sometime within two months after and from he twenty-fifth day of March, the twenty-fourth day of June,

; he twenty-ninth day of September, and the twenty-fifth day of Months December, in every year, or at such other times after the exacter every pirationof the said two months as maybe appointed by the quarter day, iiead distributor, or the person or persons foto be authorised to C

eceive the said duties, giving a previous notice of fourteen lays or more, by advertisement in the London, or in

he newspaper, it any such there be, published in and for the; ounty where such head difiributor resides, deliver, or cause to ae delivered, to such head distributor, or other person or persons aforesaid, true copies of the accounts herein before direct: d to be kept by such companies or assay offices, for the quarter which mall be completed before such day of delivery, or lotice, as the case shall be; and, at the same time, shall pay to jfl(j fta|j __ bch head distributor, or other person or persons foto be au the monin homed as aforesaid, all sums of money which shall appear to due thereon, e due upon such accounts; under the penalty of forfeiting, for to the receiver tvery default in not delivering such accounts, the sum of fifty samp*duties, pounds; and for every default in payment of the moneys due penalty on n such accounts, double the amount of the said moneys due default.

n the bid account at the time of such default.

XV And it is hereby enacted, That the said receiver gene An allowance ral of the damp duties, at the bead office, and the said head to be made to

diftri

r

M

the cleik*4cc« for their trouble

From 1784, any pc^ton who shall counter feita&y Ibmp to be used in pursuance of this act;

j&opq wccgmoquarto giorjgjixlf. f

distributor of stamped vellum, parchment, and pag?r» pr arias person or perfo/is duly appointed by thd major part dc tbc cud commissioners of lamp duties to receive the duties by this act; imposed, shall make an allowance to all and every th derisj accountants, or other person or persons so appointed by such companies or assay offices respectively, for their trouble in originally receiving the said duties, and making out fgch account at is herein before directed, at and after the rate of (ixpence mite pound out of the moneys by them regularly accounted paid to such receiver-general, or head distributor, or such other person or persons as aforesaid, according to the dke&ioos herein before contained.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority afore That if any person whatsoever, from and after the said first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, (hast cast, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to he cast, forged, or counterfeited, the mark or (lamp used, or directed to be ufrd in pursuance of this act, for the marking or damping of gold or silver plate by the company of goldsmiths in Lonisn of £<&?« burghy or the Birmingham or Sheffield company, or by the wardens, or affayer or aflayers at Tork Exetery brijiolx Chefor, nor wichy or Newcastle upon Tyne or by any maker or worker 01 gold or silver plate, or arty or either of them; or shall call, forge, or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be cast, forged or counterfeited, any mask, (lamp, or irrtpression, in imitation of, or to resemble any mark, (lamp, or impression, made or to be made with any mark or (lamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said company of goldsmiths in lcn3&u, or Edinburghy or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield company, by the said wardens, or affayer or aflayers, or by any

or

or fkalt fbrmp arty wrought plate, Stc. with any counter felted itamp;

of Shall remove from one piece of wrought plate, see. to'another, any stamp to b used by the said companies or aifay* ers, C

, by

maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any or either ot them; or shall mark or (lamp, or cause or procure to be marked or stamped, any wrought plate of gold or silver, or any wares of brass or other base metal silvered or gilt over and resembling plate of gold or silver, with any mark or (lamp whlqh hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited at arty time either before, on, or after the ford first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in imitation of, or to refenhbfe any mark or (lamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said company of goldsmiths in London or Edinburghy or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the said wardens, or aflayer or aflayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any or either of them; or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed From one piece of wrought plate to another, or to any vessel of such base metaj as aforesaid, any mark, (lamp, or inipression, made or to be made by or with any mark or (lamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said company of goldfrnitbs in London or Edinburgh. or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the said wardens, or aflayer or aflayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any or either of them; of shall fell, ef '

change

orexpofeto sale, or kxport out of this kingdom, any*'^' Vrrbught

a«no vicesimo quafto g&ofcgti III d jr "

wrought plate of gold pr filler, or any vessel of such base metal r Atll fen or" as aforesaid, with any such forged or counterfeit mark, (lamp,

7t icnprctson .thereon, or any mark, (lamp, or impreftion which ^vuch hath been or shall be transposed or removed from any other counterfeit aiece of plate, knowing such mark, (lamp, or impression, to be itamp thereon urged, counterfeited, or transposed or removed as aforesaid j or halt wilfully or knowingly have or be possessed of any mark or tamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, in mitatipu of, and to referable any mark or (lamp used or to be ifed as aforesaid by the said company of goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham and Sheffield companies,

r by the said wardens, or a(tayer or attayers, or by any maker or voider of gold or silver plate, or any or either of them; every shall fusses uch person offending in any such or cither of the cases afore death**Wing thereof lawfully corivisted, shall bfe adjudged guilty*lon. if felony, and thall suffer death as a felon, without benefit ofrgy.

xvil i\hd be it further enacted, That all pecuniary pe Penalties lahies hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed in man to be divided, icr following 5 that is to say, one moiety thereof shall belong

0 his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and iho other moiety hereof, with full colls off suit, to the person or persans who hall inform or fur for the same, in any of his majesty's courts t Westminster, for offences committed, in England, Wales, or hr uni upon Tweed, or in his majesty's court of exchequer in Gotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain ailed Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information,

'herein no effoin, protection, privilege wager of law, or more lan one imparlance, shall be alowed.

XVIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Duties to be "hat the duties herein before granted shall be paid from time paid to the) time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being fthe duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who duties, and by tall keep a fe pa rate and distinct account of the duties, and pay him paid into le same, the necessary charges of raising, paying and account the exchequer g for the same being deducted into the receipt of the exche uer, at such time, and in such manner as the duties now larged on stamped vellum, parehment, and paper, are direct

1 to be paidj Sind in the office of the auditor of the said re Auditor to ript there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in provide a hich all the moneys arising from, the said duties, and paid into book, in

ie said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart om all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs entered id successors, upon any account whatfoev^r; and the said mo separate fro»u: y foto be paid into the said receipt of exchequer as afore all others, id, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities. Application id alt such other charges, and expenses as are directed to be thcrc°h tid and payable, purfuam to an of this present session of rliafnent, intituled, An asi for raising a certain sum of money by ay of annuitiii, Qpd for establifinng a lottery, 'Uefendants

XJX. Ancf be it further enacted, That if any person or per may plead iiu Vet. XXXIV B b b fons, serai iilw,

Anno vicesimo quarto georgii III C 54.' [(784.

Ions, bodies politic or corporate, shall, at any time or times, be (ued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them date orexecuted in pursuance of this act, or of any claafe, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons, and bodies politic or corporate, shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LIV

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign oft King William the Thirds intituled, An act to enable justices of peace to build and repair gaols in their respective counties i and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the eleventh mi twelfth years of the reign oft his late majesty King William the 1*C i*4reck ttird) (entitled, An act to enable justices of peace to boiw and 4 9$*repair gaols in their respective counties, ) it is enacted, That it

jhau. and may be lawful for the justices ofthepeace, or the greater number of them, within the limits of their commissions, upon projernment made by the grand jury or grand juries, at the affixes, great feffiuif, and general gaol delivery, of the insufficiemy or tnconveniency of their gad or prism, to conclude and agree upon such ftm or Jims of money ss, upon examination of able and efficient workmen, shall be thought nr eessary for the building, finishing, or repairing a publici gad or gaols belonging to the county whereof they are justices of the peace, and to charge such film or sums of money upon the several hundreds, or other divisions of the county; and whereas it has been found difficult to carry the said act into execution; whereby the gads, in many counties, divisions, ridings, cities, towns, liberties, or precinets, have eaktmued ra very ruinous ft ate fora confederate time, and have become prejudicial to the health of the prisoners, and infefficient for the safe custedy of them; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's mok excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par fromsept, i, lament assembled, and by the authority of the same, ttiat, 17*4, the juf* from and after the first day of September, one thousand ferax tices infer hundred and eighty*four, it ftaall and may be lawful for the hons, through justices of peace in and for every county, riding, division, and Wales) clty, town, liberty, or precin&, within England 5hd Wales, at upon present their respective general quarter feisons of the peace, oc thetna ment by the jor part of the said justices then and there assembled, such major grand jury, part not being jn number less than (even, upon prefernmen:

rountygaols made ty the grand jmry or grand Jurics* at the

to be rebuilt sessions, or general gaol delivery, held for every such county,

er enlarged. riding

V -

7x0

and recover treble costs.

Preamble.

1784.] .Anno vicesimo quarto georou III C 54. 711

riding, division, city? town, liberty, or precin#, of the in. sufficiency, inconvemency, or want of repair, of any gaol belonging to such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, 'or precin#, to contract and agree with any person or persons for the building, rebuilding, finishing, repairing, or enlarging such gaol, and the yards, courts, and outlets thereof, and adding such other buildings, and making such conveniences as shall be adjudged requisite by the said justices, at a certain sum, payment, or allowance for the same $ or for ere#ing any new gaol, upon any fcite or ground within any distance not exceeding two miles from the fcite of the old gaol, and in that case for selling the old gaol, and the fcite thereof, and land thereto belonging, or any part thereof respectively, and also the materials of the old gaol, for the best price that can be procured for the same; such contra&or or contra#ors giving sufficient security, for the due performance of their contracts or agreements, to the rcfpe#ive clerks of the peace for such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin# aforesaid.

JL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That justices to the said justices of the peace, after such presentment made as give pubilck aforesaid, shall, at the next general quarter sessions to be held n.ot*ce Pre.. such county, riding, division city, town, liberty, or pre takinvpre*^ cin#, give notice, three times at least, in some public paper or fentments papers circulating in or near such county, riding, division, city, into confi town, liberty, or precin#, of such presentment having been dcr^tion>&c* made, and of their intention to take the same into consideration at the next ensuing, or some following general quarter sessions*after such consideration shall have been had, the said justices shall give notice in such public paper or papers as aforesaid, of their intention of contracting with any person or persons for building, rebuilding, finishing, repairing, qr enlarging suck gaol, as aforesaid, and of every other matter or tiling intended to be done in consequence of such presentments; and such contra or contracts shall be made and entered into at the mod reasonable rates, and with the most responsible persons; and every such contractor shall give sufficient security for the due performance of his contra, to the clerk of the peace for such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin#; Contracts to and all contracts when made, and all orders relating thereto, be entered m shall be entered in a book to be kept by the clerk of the peace, a book. who is hereby required to keep the same, among the records of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin#, to be inspe#ed at all seasonable times by any of the said justices, or by any other person or persons contributing to the rates of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin#, without fee or reward.

III Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it Jufticfsmay shall and may be lawful for the said justices of he peace to build a new build any new gaol in any part of the county, riding, divjfion, stof the city, town, liberty, or precin#, in case (in the presentment county sc B b b 2 made

7 it Anno vicesimo quarto Georg nih. C 54. ^1784.

if the pre made of the inconvenience of such old gaol) it be expfefshtprv

tvntfnent fertted, that the place wherein the old gaol is situate iyimpjo

points out the an(j that the said gaol ought to be removed to same other aiu>n°of thcu* Part county, ^rfding, dlvision, city, town, liberty, or pre m one. cinct; and in case three fourths in number of the juftkes aflein bled at two successive quarter sessions (notice having been given three rhymes at least, in some public newfp3per circulating as aforesaid, of the time of the holding, 'and of the place to which such gaol is intended to Be removed) shall approve of such removal, but not otherwise.

New gaols to V And be it further enabled. That the kid justices 0? the

to pcacr> as well in the choice of the ground, as in determining

vnti apart*the plans for building, rebuilding, enlarging, or altering meats. such gaols as aforesaid, and the yards, courts, and outlets thereof,

shall, as far as conveniently may be, pursue such measures, and adopt such plans, as shall provide separate and distinct places of confinement, and dry and airy cells, in which the several prisonefs of the following descriptions respectively maybe confined, as well by day as by night; namely, prisoners convicted of felony; prisoners committed on charge or fufpicionof felony; prisoners committed for, or adjudged to be guilty of, mifdcmeanors only; and debtors; the males of each cfafs to be separated from the females^and a separate place of confinement to be provided for such prisoners as are intended to be examined as witnesses on behalf of any prosecution of any indictment for felony; and asso, separate infirmaries, or sick wards, for the men and the women; and also a chapel, and convenient warm and cold baths, or bathing tubs, for the ale of the prisoners, in such manner as is directed by an aftmadein 14 Geo. 3. C the fourteenth year of the reign of his present^majesty, intiru 59' led, An act for preserving the health of prisoners in gad, cni inventing

the gaol dijlemper; and care to be taken that thcprilbn ers shall not be kept in any apartments underground. '

V And whereas the gaols within and belonging to fn % eral (suniiti, ridings, divifons, cities, roums, liberties, and precinth, end tit yards, courts, and outlets thereof are very final!, CL ft, and csnfiud and such gaols are thereby rendered very unhealthy, from the impcfr bivvy of accommodating the unhappy per fans confined therein with; fuffiiicnt supply of fresh air, water, and other necejjhry e&venimti] justices may be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices unds^h* f (aer preferment made as aforesaid) shall have full povyerand C toren c authority to'purchase any houses, buildings, lands, tenements, Urging and hereditaments, ways, waters, and watercourses, for the purpose accom.nouat of building, enlarging, and accomodating such gaols; and to inggaou. direct the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditament, easements, and privileges, which (half have been so purchakd as aforesaid, to be conveyed to such person or persons is the said justices shall rhink fit, in trust and For the tjfes and puryofes aforesaid; such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, when enclosed and added thereto, shall be deem

Anno vicesimo quarto georgii III C 54* 71$

ed and token to be a part of such gaols, and to be part of such county riding, division, city, town, liberty, cr precinct, where such gaol is situated, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Prisoners may

tkat. when ever the said justices of the peace, in their said ge Ud

neral quarter sessions assembled, shall deem it necessary that the ane felons, debtors, and other prisoners, shall be removed, cither gaol, or re for the purpose of repairing their old gaol, or ufing the materi pairing the als thereof in building a new aol, on giving sufficient notice to Won.

the sheriff of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, qt precin#, it shall and may be lawful for the said sheriff to re %

such felons, debtors, and other prisoners to the house or houses of correction belonging to such county, riding, division, 1

city, tow, n, liberty, or precin#, or such other place or places of confinement as the said justices so assembled as aforesaid, with the conlenf of the said theriff, shall approve of, and to confine them there during the time such new gaol shall be building?, or old gaol repairing or enlarging, and that when such gaol shall be made fit for the reception and safe keeping of such felons, tlefitors, and other prisoners, then it shall be lawful for the said fhetiff to remove thither all such felons, debtors, and other prisoners as shall then be in his custody; the expense of such removal or removals to and from such place or places of confinement, and the expense which may be incurred by the said sheriff on account of the safe custody of such prisoners in such boufeof correction, or other place or places, shall be allowed and paid by such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty,

or predin#; and such removal or removals as aforesaid shall , otto^ova nqt.he deemed or taken to be an escape; provided, that nothing deemed an herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to dil escape charge the sheriff or gaoler from being answerable for the au escape of any prisoner in his custody.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Quarter ftfl» that the justices of the peace, in their respective general quar may ap ter sessions assembled, are hereby authorised to nominate and

appoint one or more justice or justices of the peace of and for coonty gaols, their respective counties, ridings, divisions, cities, towns, liber ami to report, ties, or prccincls, to visit and superintend the gaols thereunto tjj* belonging, and from time to time to make a report of the state thereof to the court of the said general quarter sessions; court is hereby authorised, upon such report, to order and dire any sum or ftims of money, not exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds in any one year, to lie laid out upon the repair or repairs of such gaols, as thejf shall deem requisite, (notwithstanding such want of repair shall not have been presented by the grand jury or grand juries, at the assizes, great sessions, pr general gaol delivery, for such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin#, as aforesaid)'; and if it shall at any Accidental time happen that the said gaols, or any of them, by any breach damages m y being made in the same, from attempts of prisoners to escape, order^ota by jr quver cafualtics or accidents, shall be rendered unsafe for the juftjcc,

B bb 3 custody

7*4

Expenc?* of rebuilding or repairing county gaols, bow to be defrayed.

11 Geo. «. C

Anno vicesimo quarto gso&aii HIO. 54; f 1 ffy.

custody of the prisoners therein confined, between the fiscal times of holding the general quarter feffioas, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more justice or justices for such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precind, to order the damages occasioned thereby to be itpmedi^fely so far repaired as may be oeceflary and fufikient for the safe custody of fodi prisoners; and such justice or justices shall report the same to the next court of general quarter Cessions to be holdea for such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precind, which court is hereby authorised to order the payment of such sins or sums of money as shall have been necefiarily expended in such reparation or reparations as aforesaid.

VIII And, in order to defray the expends of buildings rebutii* ing, finijbingi repairings or enlarging such gaols s and the yards, courts, and outlets thereto belonging as aforesaid, and of purebufmg houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, orpri vileges, and*other the expenses necessary for the execution of this cq; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all such cases where such gaols are repaired at the expetice of the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precind, 10 which the same belong, the justices of the t>cace, at their general quarter, sessions, may and shall cause such sum of money as shall be necessary for all or any of the purposes aforesaid, to be raised in the same manner as rates are di reded to. be raised by two acts made in the twelfth and thirteenth years of the

*9, ijgto. 2. reign of his Jate majesty King George the Second, for the more c'i?* eajy affejfmgs collectings and levying of county rates.

IX And whereas the expenses of buildings rebuilding, enlarging or removing and sitting up gaols, may in same cases become very r thenfome on the occupiers of land, and other the contributors to the county rates, in case the said expenses Should be raised in the manner hereinbefore. mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That wheo it shall appear that the amount of any estimate approved by the

iur uu.iuiu justices for the building, rebuilding, enlarging, or removing enlarcing"&c. and sitting up any gaol or gaols, upder the powers of this act, shall be very shall exceed one half of the amount of the ordinary annual afieff* high, the juf* ment for t|)c county rate for any county, riding, diviuoa, city, rn^y morr^ge town fiberty* or precind, (such ordinary assessment to be taken the rates, con a mean proportion of the said rate for the last five years preceding), that then, and in such case, it shall and may b lawful for the justices of the peace, within the respective limits of their commissions, so assembled in their quarter sessions as aforesaid, from time to time to borrow and take up, on mortgage of the rates herein mentioned, by instrutnents in the form contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, or to that or the like efsect, any sums not less than fifty pounds, nor exceeding>ae hundred pounds each, at legal or lower interest, as tp them, or the major part of them, (such major part not being less than five), shall appear necessary and expedient for the purposes aforesaid; and to secure all and every suck sum and sums of money so borrowed, upon the credit of the rates to be raised

upon

When the amount of any estimate for building,

z 784.]'! Anno vicesimo quarto gbor«u III C 54.' 715'

upon firth county, riding, division, city town, liberty, and prectrta respeaively; and the said juftlces foassembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorised to treat and agree with any person or perform for the loan of any such sum or sums of money, and by their order to confirm and establish every such agreement as Agreements. aforesaid; and every such agreement so established by such or by °rdcr erf the der, and signed by the chairman and two or more justices pre Jby the#chsr sent at the time of making such order, shall be, and the same man, See.. " is hereby declared to be effeaual for securing to the person or to be aneffec*. persons so advancing any sum or sums of money, his, her, or tua security. their executors, administrators, and assigns, all and every such sum or sums of money, with interest for the same, on such terms as in and by such agreement or agreements respeaively shall be for that purpose stipulated; copies or extraas of ail such agreements or securities shall be kept with the clerk of the peace, or other proper officer having the custody of the re cords of the quarter sessions of such county riding, division, city, sown, liberty, or precina respeaively 5 and all and every person and persons to whom any such security or securities shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the money thereby fecur edj is and are hereby empowered (by indorfing his, her, or their name or names on the back of such security or securities) Securities may to transfer and assign the same, and his, her, or their right to be^transfer the principal money and interest thereby secured, unto any rcd# person or persons; and every such assignee may in like manner transfer the same again, and so toties quoiies; and the person or persons to whom such security or securities, or any such assignment thereof, shall be made, and his or their respeaive executors, administrators, and assigns, shall be creditors upon the said rates in an equal degree one with another, and shall not have any preference with respea to the priority of. any moneys io advanced.

X And be it further enacted, That the said justices are 1*0 whatex hereby authorised and required, not only to charge the rates rfnt the iuf* to be raised upon such county, riding, division, city, town, chargttl liberty, or precina, with the interest of the money so borrowed county rates, on such securities, but also with the payment of a further sum, equal at Jeaft to the sum so charged for the interest of such securities; which said sums (halt be afiefied on such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precina, in such manner as county rates are direaed to be assessed by the laws now in being, and paid and applied, under the direaion of the said justices, in discharge of the interest, and of so many of the principal sums on the said securities as such money will extend to discharge in each year, until the whole of the money for which such securities shall be made, and the interest thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; the said justices are repaired to fix one or more day or days in each year, on which such payment shall be made, and shall make orders for assessments m due time, so as to provide for the regular payment A regular ac thereof and they are hereby required to appoint a proper per ^tcrcctiaa

B b b 4 son

\6 Anna vicefi*rk>quaitd<xeo^

hook ofur« son 1q keep an exadk and regular account ofam the rectapw* ia^menta un g'ft^ u*der die auttwriiy of thi* a boofcnoc

dtrtliuaq* books, separate and, apart from ail other accoami, and tb*same to adjust and feule in such manner that it^msiy eafilybe / faen what interest is growing due, and what principal money has been discharged, and what remains due; . and the said hoek Or books so adjusted and settled, to dulirer into court ateverjp general or quarter fejcoot to be held for any such .county, which shall he riding, civilian, city, town, liberty, or precin&*zmftfceind impeded by juiiices aye required, at every such sessions, carefuljyttrinfpetk every^fessioni such accounts, and make orders for carrying the feveraipur 4c. y9pose of this aci into execution, in such manner as to thcor thaii kern meet; and if at any time it shall appear to die said jmi ttoes, that the person so appointed has neglected the ibid ureter, and has not duly, and without delay, applied the moneyriohis hands to the purposes hereby directed, such person jfr?4i forfeit double the amount of the money which ihali not have keen applied to the purposes of this act; andrthe said judices, fa assembled in session as aforesaid, shall direst in what order suck securities shall be thfeharged, by drawing Jots, or otherwise^as vthey shall, think fit, 'hrft discharging all such securities which (frail bear the highest interefh: V r

Money bor - XI Provided always, and be it further enacted That the [hu aato be juices the peace, in their respective quarter session, (hath paid withm a and they ate hereby required to make provifians by meanrrtf touted time, the rates (which they are hereby authorised to tnakc), -aod by*their erders and directioos (which they are hereby authorised to give), in such manner, that the whole money to be borrowed under the authority of tins aft (had be fully paid and tid charged, within a time to be, limited, not exceeding fourteen years (ropi the time of borrowing' the same.

Bodies poli XU. And be it further eaacted, That it (lull and may. be f«n*ai^con^hwful for the King's most excellent majesty, hts heirs wad. foe yeylands, C ceflors, and forabodies politic and corporate, and aitofar*all guardians, committees, husbands, truiiees, and zttomw,

of any person or persons being? infants, lunatrcks, idiots**mdc* (overture, or any other difabihry, and slfo foratt other persons who are or shall be seized, polfefled of, or interested in; any froufesv buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafementt,

or privileges, which shall bp deemed necessary for the purposes f this gcj, to ccfutraisk or agree for, and to sell, convey, and a fibre such houses, buildings, landsr «teheinealt hereditaaienis, eafenents, and privileges, unto such person or perfoes asfbau be named by the justices, in trufl, and for the purpose of eieding new gaols, or enlarging theoki gaols and the yards, (ourts, and outlets thereunto belonging; and ail such controls, agreements, foies, conveyances, and afluranefcs, shall be valid qnd cffcdlqal in law, to, all intents and purposes whatfoover* any law, (latute, usage, or custom, to the totttrary notwftfc* Purclnfe mo standing... ....

XIII And be it further eq*<9ed, That ah fuou of akxjpf

< >.

i 7«4.f atoa<pv^efi«e^t)*rtot5ioil<sli III of.54. which ihafl1 bd agreed to e aid tatty corporation, guardian; «*£ tbo). to cotrinmtee^r|imitand, 'troftee, 'WP ahorney, for or on behalf of

any Infants, Itmaiicks, idiots, femes coverr, .r ceftuique trust, |part(j, # &cr prto my other person or person whose houses, buildings, lands, subject to the tenements; hereriitarmrtts, easements, and privileges, Shall be same uffcs. See, banted in Arid settlentent, for the pufchafe of any such lands, tenementse, and hereditaments, shall, in case such sums of money (halhexceed. the sum of one hundred pounds, be laid out by. _ such corporations, guardians, committees, huibands, trustees, or qttorraes, or any person or persons seized of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or pri tileges; so limited in drill settlement, as soon as conveniently may be; in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in see Ample, to be conveyed to or to the use of such corporations, guardians, committees, huibands, trustecs, or attoranes, and to and for such person or persons, and for such estate and estates, and to, for, and upon, and subject to such uses, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the housesj buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, for and in respell whereof such purchase money Shall be paid as aforesaid, shall be limited; settled, and allured, at the time such purchase or contrail shall be made in manner afore feid, or such as shall then be capable of taking effelt; the charges of such conveyances and settlements to be paid in the same manner as the other expenses relating to the gaol; and And until wtthe mean time, and till such purchase or purchases shall be such purchase made, such money, whether the same Shall or shall not exceed ar the (urn of one hundred pounds, Shall be laid out by such cor u^out in go potations, or other perfoos for the time being irtterefted therein, vernmenuc uvfbme government securities, in the names of two persons curitiei* one to be nominated by the party or parties for the time being imerefled therein, and the other by the justices aforesaid; and the interest anting from such securities shall he paid to such person or persons respectively as would have been entitled to the.rents and profits of such lands, tenements, hereditaments, caiements, and privileges, in case the lame hard not been sold, or tboedd for the time being be entitled to the tents and profits of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, foto be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled as aforesaid.

XIV And be it further enalied, That if any such corpora If the parties lions, guardians, committees, huibands, trustees, and attor ^u^ctolrcatt lues, or any person. or persons for the tilde being interested in C any such house, buildings, lands, tenements; hereditaments, ealemepta, or privileges, which shall be deemed necelfary for the purposefs of building or enlarging any such gaol, and other the purposerof this all, upon notice In writing to him, her, or them, given, or left at the house or houses, or other place or places of abode of such person or persons, 6rof the principal officer or officers of any such corporation, Shall, for the space of twenty-one days after such notice so given or left as aforesaid fecglea pr refttfe to treat, or shall refuse to accept such price as

's* '* '* ftlmj

71? Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii II c.54/ [1784.

shall be offered by. the justices or (heir agent, or shall othenrifc not agree for the sale of such houses, buildings, lands, tene meats, hereditaments, eafemenrs, or privileges, or if, by redbn of absence or incapacity, they shall be prevented from treating for such sale, then, and in every such case, the justices of the peace, at their general or quarter fellions, or any two or more the value to of them appointed for that purpose, shall cause the value of be afeertamed such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, case by a jury, ments, and privileges, to be inquired into and ascertained by a jury of indifferent men of the county, riding, diviftoo, city, town, liberty, or precinct, wherein the same thall be fituatedj and to that end shall Summon and oall before such jury, and examine upon oath ( which oath any one or more of such justices of the peace is and are hereby empowered to administer) any person or persons whomsoever j and such justices of the peace, or any (wo of them, shall, by ordering a view, or otherwise, use all ways and means for the information of themfchres and of such jury in the premises; when fadi jury shall have inquired of and ascertained the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and priii legcs, the said justices of (he peace shall thereupon order that the fora or sums whiph shall so appear to be the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, shall be paid in such manner as is herem betorc directed touching the money to be paid for such houses, busings. lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, for tale whereof the person or persons mterefted shall contract verdift of and agree in manner aforesaid j which verdi or ii^uifiboo, &c«tobc and order, shall be fifed of recast! by the clerk of the peace, or other officer having the custody of the records of the said corn ty, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or predndt, and (hallba final and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever, against all parries and persona whomsoever claiming, or to claim, in possession, remainder, reversion, or otherwise, these heirs and successors, as well absent as present, infants, tana ticks, idiots, and persons under coverture, or any other disability whatsoever, corporations, guardians, committees, hot bands, trustce?, and auornres, or any other person or perfeos whom soever.

XV And far the fummmng and nturning fmb juritj, be it further enacted, That such justices of the peace, or any tvs of them, may issue their warrant or warrants to the (henffor bailiff of any particular county, riding, division, xity, town, liberty, or precindf, within the limits of which the houses, build 1 ings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, j shall be situated, requiring him to impannel, furnmon, and return an indifferent jury of twenty-four perfoos, qsoii&d w serve on juries, to appear before the said justices or any two of them, at such time and place as in such warrantor wamntf shall be appointed; and such sheriff or bailiff is and ace hereby required to impannel, furnmon, and mum such number of'

perfoos

How the jury shall be sum atoned.

784*] Anno vicesimo quarto georg 11 III C 54. 719,

erfonsaccordingly, and, out of the persons so impanelied, sum loned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear poa such summons, the justices of the peace, or any two of lem, shall, 'and they are hereby empowered and required to raw by bailot, and to swear or cause to be sworn, twelve men,

'hb shall be the jury for the purposes aforesaid; and, in de

urit of a sufficient number of jurymen so returned, the said

rcriff or bailiff shall take such other honed and indifferent men

f the by sanders, or that can speedily be procured to attend

bat service, to make up the rtumbefr twelve; and all persons" Jurymen may

oncerned shall have their lawful challenges against any of thet be challenged.

lid jurymen When they come to be sworn: the said justices justices may

f the peace, or any two of them, shall have power from time fine the he

3 time to impose a fine or fines on such sheriff or bailiff, or his riff, baihff.&c,

eputy or deputies, making default in the premises, and on any CF

the persons who shall be fammoned and returned on such jury, nd who shall not appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to be worn on the said jury, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give, or hall not give a verdict, or shall in any other manner wilfully iegle<ft his or their duty therein 5 and also on any person who, ring summoned and required to give evidence before the said jry, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or, appearing, shall re use to be sworn or to give evidence, so that no such fine be nore than ten pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, on nyone person for one offence.

XVI And be it further enabled, That in case any jury shall Expenses of; ive in and deliver a verdict for mote money, as the value of jury»&c how jch houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, ease t°bcdefrayed. rtents, or privileges, foto be purchased, than what shall have

een offered for the purchase thereof by the said justices of the feacfc, or cheir agent, to any person capable of contracting for he same, the costs and expenses of summoning and maintain ng the jury and witnesses shall be born and paid out of the ame fund as the expenses of the buildings to be creded therein; but if such jury shall give in and deliver a verdict for no nore, or for hrfs money, than the money which shall have been a offered by such justices of the peace, or their agent, then the V ofts and expenses of summoning and maintaining the said jury nd witnesses shall be born and paid by the person or persons nth whom such controversy or dispute, touching the value of ach houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, ease nents, or privileges, shall arise.

XVII And be it further enac1ed. That upon payment of On payment be money so ordered to be paid, for the purchase of such houses, of purchase uildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or pri

ileges, or (upon refusal or inability to receive the same) leav justices may ng the same in the hands of such personas the justices in their take possession [uarter sessions shall appoint, for the use of the party or parties thereof, ititled thereto; or in case of the said party or parties not being 0 be found, then, upon notice to be published in some paper ir papers circulating in or near the said county, riding, division,

city.

fto

divided into several rid

ingh

Anno viptsimo quarto qeor^ii IIL C j^i 7$*«

city, town, liberty or precindt, where suchgaoj is to he tuilt or enlarged, of the payment or inveftmerit of Inch putchifc mbney, the said. lands, tenements, hereditaments, ^etoavs, , and privileges so purchased, shall vest'in the perfoa or^!er(aiu

1; who shall be authorised to take and hold the same by yxrrifc cf

V this 2&9 for the purposes aforesaid; and it shall be lawfolfot

- >*the justices, or any two of them, their workmen or aggats;

tp enter upon and take possession of, and make ue of (bcb houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments* eafetneot>, artd privileges, and every part thereof; and thereupon all facii

Serfbns and parties who were the'owners or occupiers thereof, lall be deeded of all t ight and title in and to the same, ard every part thereof. '

XVIII And whereas, in several counties in England, there m fiveral and fijlinfl commxffions of justices of the peace for the ffvcri ridings or divisions into which such counties are divided, and feverd and difiinll courts of fejjions of the peace are held for each of fine ridings or divisions respefliveiy9 and in such counties there are net am courts of general or quarter fcjftons held for the whole count] ct Claoferelative large; be it therefore enacted, That in all such counties as afore tothoje coun fa^shall and may be.lawful for the justices of the peace in ties which are nj for such Several ridings or divisions respectively, and they are hereby required, at the general quarter sessions which shall beholden next after such preferment of the gaol fhatttiave been made as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint three or wor$ Justices of the peace in and for such riding or division for whkh such general quarter feflibns shall be held, which said justices of the peace, so nominated and appointed by each of such ridings or divisions, are hereby authorised and required, within one Calendar month after such nomination and appointment as aforesaid, (due notice thereof having been previcrufly given ta such justices, by the clerk of the peace of such dtvifibns rdpec lively), to meet and assemble at such gaol which shall hive been so presented as aforesaid; and the said justices of the peace, or the major part of them, then there assembled, (such major part not being kfs than five in number), shall hold a special jeflion; at the said gaol, for the purpose of receiving plans, and ctrn tradling for the building, rebuilding, repairing, enlarging, or altering, such gaol, and the yards, courts and outlets thereto belonging, under the like reflridtions, and subjedk to the like regulations, as are hereinbefore by this at made and provided for such counties as are not divided into such ridings or divisions, in manner as aforesaid; the said la ft meat toned justices of the peace shall make their report to the general quarter fiflions of the peace of such ridings or divisions respectrvely, of the several plans, estimates, and contrails, which (halt mt been made and entered into in manner aforesaid, and alfor a report of the sum or sums of money necessary to be Caifcd and levied on each riding or division, as their quota of proportion of the expense to be incurred on the several accounts aforefam; jyhich said sum or sums of money shall be raised and levied on

784.i Anma vktffimb quarto georgii III C 5'4« il

ach tiding ordfyifion, in like manner as county rates are now aifed ^ndjcvied. r

xijc Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no nojuftieca# jfticeuof jbe peace who (hal), under the authority of this ain under thia o.any matter pr thing in the execution hereof, shall be capable inanr

f, having any beneficial interest or concern whatfoerery either coatra#) icet 1 histovyn name, or in the name of any other person in trust if him tp any contra or agreement to be made under the uthorijy of this a, or shall, for any defiga or plan he may eliyqr or produce, receive any benefit or emolument whatever.. <

And whereas the preventing gaolers from selling any liquors, r deriving fifty profit from the Jale of liquors, may be a great means f preventing drunkenness, riots, and other dxforders in gaols, and of reserving good order therein; and it may be proper to give sufficient wuer and authority to the justices of the peace in their fefjions, in ertain cases, to allow salaries to gaolers, in lieu of the profits which ire now derived from the sale of liquors; be it therefore cna#ed,

Thaf, from and after the said first day of September, one thou From Star,

and seven hundred and eighty-four, it shall and may be lawful Justices,

Of the justices of the peace of any county, riding, division,

nfy, town, liberty, ^or precin#, within that part of Great Bri gaoler, in

\oin called England, or the principality of (Vales, at the general fieu of profit

juarter felons of the peace, or forae special adjournment of

lie same held for such express purppfe, and they are hereby [ ors

tuthorized and empowered, if it shall appear to them necessary

r proper, to appoint such salaries or allowances to such gaolers

tnd their assistants, in the several gaols within their respe#ive

urifdi#ions, and to vary the same, from time tp time, as to

hem shall seem meet; and to order and dire the said salaries County tics

m.d.. allowances to be paid out of the county rate, by the trea farer to pay

hirer of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or the falaric, #

precin#, upon a certificate, signed by the chairman of such

quarter sessions, specifyixig the salaries and allowances so directed

to be made.

XXI Provided always, and be it enacted. That it shall not Chairman of De lawful for any chairman of any quarter sessions or adjourn the Mien mept thereof, to sign such certificate for such salaries or allow

ances to be granted under this a, unless such salaries or allow an^fuc^piw woes shall have been settled at some general quarter sessions of m/nt, unleu: he peace, or some special adjournment thereof, and notice shall the Hilaries lave been given fourteen days at least before the holding such h*veheenieu 'eneral quarter sessions, or such adjournment thereof, by two ncrafq^fter several advertisements inserted in (ome newspaper printed and feflioiu, &€ arculated in the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty,

r precin#, in which such gaols are situated, and where such fa aries or allowances are to be granted to the gaolers, of an in ended application for the granting such salaries or allowances;

vhiclv said advertisements shall be signed by the clerk of the jeace of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin#, or his deputy, for the time being.

XXU. And

Anno vicesimo quarto georgiiiii. c.fy. [178^. From Jane 14, XXI And be it further enacted, That, frsm and after At closer to fuf twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ra tippling " eighty-five, no gaoler, or any person or persons in trust for cr hr gaming, employed by such gaoler, "shall suffer tippling or gaming in such or to sell u prison; or (nail sell or dispose of, or permit or suffer to be sold lot^son^ or ^ifposed f or be capable of being llcensed to sell or dipole*of, any wine, beer, ale, or other liquors; or have any beneficial interest or concern whatsoever in the sale or disposal of any liquors of any kind, or in any tap house, tap room, or tap, on penalty of under the penalty of ten pounds for every such offence, to be 101. to be re recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chai diitref«d by te^s' warrant uncjer the hands and seals of any two justics of the peace acting for the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, ot prccins, within which such gaol is situated, (which warrant such justices are hereby required to grant), upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the information of any witness or witnesses, upon oath, (which oath such juflico Application are hereby empowered to administer); and the said pen alt), thereof. after the charges of recovering the same shall be deduced, dull be paid one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to On failure of the use of the prisoners confined within such gaol j and in cas distress, the sufficient distress cannot be found, then it shall be lawful fa offender may such to commit such offender or offenders to the hoof:

comma C^conrc(c^jon for the county or place where the offence shall be committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprise, fa any time not exceeding three calendar months, unless such penalty, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Howjustice* XXIII Aqfl be it further enacted. That all justices of the to proceed for peace before whom any person shall be convicted of any offence offenders? asa, na shall an may cave the conviction to be drawn'pp in the following form, or to the like efsect; that is to (ay,

Form of con County. \ IE it remembered, That on that jajif

viaion. C Q J " in the year if iti

reign of his Majesty A, B. is csnvizd

before f his Afajeffsjujhuuj

the peace for the aid county, or riding, divifrn, city, tm, Jiberty, or pfecinft^ [as the case shall be], by virtue CIV act of parliament made in the twenty fourth year ef ttt reign of his majesty King George the Third, iniitul*,

5 here set forth the title of the ad, and specify (he or ence, and the time and place wh$k and where the same was committed.]

Limitation of actions

X

Given under our bands and seals, the day and year oforejal

XXIV And be it further enacted, That if any aflion or fat shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this act, every such aflion or suit shall be brought or commenced within six calendar months

1784.) Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 54* 725

mbnfhs next after the salt committed, apd not afterwards; and

shalt be laid and brought in the county or place where the cause

of action shall arise, and not elsewhere $ the defendant or

defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the gene General issue.

ral issue, and give this act and.the ipecial matter in evidence at

any trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance

and by the authority of thi j ad j and if it shall appear

to have been so done, or if any action or suit shall be brought

after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be

brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then

and in such case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants;

or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or

suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or suit, after

the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if a verdict

shall pass against the plaintiff pr plaintiffs, or if, upon demurrer

or otherwiie, . judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or

plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs. Treble costs.

and shall have such remedy for the same as any defendant hath

for costs of suit in other cases by law.

XXV And be it further enacted, That this act shall be Public act. deemed and taken to be a public ad; and all judges, justices, and other persons, shall take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

The SCHEDULE herein before referred to.

FORM of mortgage and charge upon the county rates for securing the money borrowed.

tr/-e A. B. fine of his Majestfs justices of the peace, and chair v man of the court of quarter fejftons of the peace for the county,

fc. of (as the case shall be), held

at the day of

CD and E. F. esquires two other of his Majestyfs justices of the peace a sling for the said county, C and assembled in the said court in pursuance of the powers to us given by an at passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, inti tuledj C [insert the title of the ad] do hereby, in open courts mortgage and charge all the rates to be raised within the said county,

cas the case shall be), under the description of county rates, by the laws now in beings with the payment of the sum of which G. H. of hath proposed and agreed t

lend, and hath now aflually advanced and paid towards defraying the expenses of building, repairing, cas the case shall be), the gaol for the said county, rand we do hereby; confirm and establijb the same unto the said G. H. his executoraditiinijlrators, and ajftgnst for securing the repayment of the said sum of and interest for the famey after the rate of per

centum per annum; and do order the treasurer for such county, or other per/on, (as the case shall be), to pay the "of

the

7*4

frcamwe.

Kerital of it Geo. j. C 64.

Anno vicesimo quarto gior«xr III 55-

ri [aid sum of half yearly9ftt lit Stop

ta become duty until tit principal jbah he wf(barged poerfaomts the directions of the said act.

CAP. LV

An act to explain and amend an at, made in tbi ttocmiy fecend jo of the reign of his present Mapjh, entitled An ma for th.. and rendering more dre&tul the laws in being ft lative to houses of corrc&ion.

WH E REAS by an at passed in the twenty feeani poor of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An m for the amending and rendering more effectual the laws in being iris titfe to houses of correction; reciting, amongst other things Thai in many counties the boufls of cor rest ion were insufficient in smmber or deficient in buildings and the apartments in them were very ulac* commodatsd to the purposes for which they were intended by means whereofy and from a want of due order, employment, and di/ciphn in such houses of correftiony the persons sent thither for correftkmami reformation frequently grew more dtjfolute and abandoned during these continuance in such houses, it was enacted That the jstfiices ef pence in every county ridingy division, city, liberty, and precin& % wubrn England and Wales, pt their respective quarter sessions of the pence to be held next after Midsummer from the time of passing tie find afty should and they were thereby t eauifed to nominate one ar yean fufiice or justices of the peacey^witbinjbeir respective jurijuftimsy divisionsy or diflrifts* whom they should think mofi proper te carmine and inspect the several houses of correction within the fames and the justice or justices foto be nominated were required emrofasy and diligently to inspect the same with all convenient [peed and rf port his or their opinion to the justices of their respective jnrifdiftbottt at the Michaelmas quarter sessions then next follmuingy (as Co the state and condition thereof \ and the increase of number or additions or alterations which they might judge neussary to make them mote convenient and uftfuly having regard to the clojfing of the fcvoral persons who should be kept therey according to the nature of Chcir cremes and pumjhmentsy and to the providing proper places for the employment of such persons who were committed to hard laboura sod to tbs keeping every part, of such prisons clean and who/esome; and the find justice or justices foto be nominatedwere thereby required to employ proper and skilful persons to make plans and eflimates of new build ingsy or the additions or alterations which he or they should think ue cessary in the present buildings to make them answer the feveuatmr* pofis of the Jaii aft \ which plansy together with the report of the said justice or justices, were to be laid before the court at the aid Michaelmas quarter fiffions; or ify from any difficulties or accidents, such reports should not happen So he made at that sessions thorny ami sn that case the same should be made at or before the Epjpbaaj quarter sessions then next following); which court was thereby authorised and required to consider the same, and if they approved sack

phts*

O

j 3 Anw> vsttfiu»4oarto Gbobgii III C 55. 309

IK they might adjbum the quarter sessions to a fkrtbar day, far

MU ri tnchemd to undertake fab work, of bich aue notice jbcadd be pukli/bed, and them io cautrad with fab rfons whom theyfboodd think moji proper to do the sane; or if they (approved such plans or qfimatesi todirtd fab others to be made they fbctdd think fit, and adjourn their quarter sessions to same rther say, to receive fitch new plans and efeimam, and atfo pro fdls from ptrfous inclined to undertake the work and the jufaes, settling andadjujting fitch plans, were thereby required to provide ter ate apartments for all persons committed upon charges offelony, convidedpf any theft or larceny, and committed to the house of cor aim for punifiment by bard labour, under or by virtue of the laws being, iu order to prevent any communication between them and e other prisoners; and aise 'proper apartments, covered or open as'mid be found mqfi convenient, for employing the several persons bo were to be kept to bard labour; and they were also to provide terate apartments, in each division of the [aid house of correction, r the women who jbauld be committed thither; and the foetid justicos, their general quarter sessions, were thereby empowered, from time time, upon any fah report to them made, to make fetch order there ion at to them Jhouli feemjust, and the nature of the case m; ght re tin: and whereas the jufeices of the peace, within many of the rifeti&tens, have omitted to make fetch nomination, and it cause the ceffitly examinations, tnfpedions, and proceedings to be made within e times prescribed by the ad, whereby the whokfome regulars, and the benefit intended by the ad, will be hjfl to the pub ik within fetch jurisdictions, unlefe further time be given for that \rpo(o} for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's most (ceflent majesty, by end with the advice and consent of thft rdsfptritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelim parament afletabled, and by the authority of the same, That it Juftlcei who lan and may be lawful for the justices of the peace for any >unty, riding, division, city, liberty, or precinct, within Eng tj£ftlteofth. nd and Wales, who have omitted to examine and inspedfc into houses of cor le state of the houses of corrcduon within their respe^tive IU region mxhm itts, and to proceed in repairing, altering, and regulating the the, r me, according to the directions and intention of the said re fh^direjiiona ted act, to inquire into, examine, inspect, and fully toexe of the recited ateand enforce the same, at the next or any subsequent quarter at, may do flion of the peace to be held after the passing of this act, as it.andexecute illy and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as they could {je^extquar r might have done if they had proceeded therein at the quarter ter fcflion, fa", : (liens held next after Midsummer, Michaelmas, or Chrifemas, ooi the time of passing the said act; anything therein, or irv ny other odt, contained to the contrary thereof in aoy wife not

/ithftandittg.

II. And whereas the exporters of building, rebuilding, enlarging, . r removing and fatting up houses of corredton, may in some cases be omrvery butthenfome on the occupiers of land, and other the cont.ri utots to 'the county rates, in case the expenses should be rtiifed n the manner herein before mentioned; be therefore enacted, '

Vot. XXXIV C C e That

6 Anno vicesimo qtftrtq Georgii III C 55.

wb<on.tht That where at (kail appear that the amount of any estimate, an°uornate appf°v€c* by the justices, for the building, rcbfjii^ihg, <nja^ forbuud?tg!ng* or amoving, and sitting up any houseor Jioufes of tix cnlarging»l: C region, under the powers of thus aft, shallexceed one half shall be very the amount of the ordinary annual affeflin$nt for the couptyjytcuftue»^\c fef. r any' county, riding, divi/109, city, town, liberty, . or pre fionmaymort (fach ordinary affefiment to be taken on ft mean, proper

gauge the tion of the said rate for the last five years preceding that tbp, rates, See and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the. justices af.ihe, peace, within the respective limits of their commissions, so adept bled in their quarter sessions as aforesaid, from time to time to borrow and take up on mortgage of the rates herein mentioned, by instruments in the form contained in the fchpdule hereunto apnexed, or to that or the like 'ested, any sums not lef& than, fifty pounds, nor exceeding one hundred pounds each, at legal or lower interest, as to them, or the major part of them, such major part not being less than five, shall appear neccflaryand expedient for the purposes aforesaid, and to secure all and every such sum and (urns of money so borrowed, upon the credit of the cates to be raised upon such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, and precindt respectively $ the said justices, so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorised to treat and agree with any person or persons for the loan of any such ham or sums of mdney, and by their order to confirm and establish Agreements every such agreement as aforesaid; every such agreement (o by cr<j.c.r of established by such order, and signed by the chairman and two fignedby the or more justices present at the time of making such order, shall chairman, C be, and the same is hereby declared to be effectual for fecunng to be an effect to the person or persons so advancing any sum or sums of mo tual security. ney, his, her, or their executors, admioistrators, and afisgps, all and every such sum or sums of money, with interest for the same, on such terms as in and by such agreement or agreements respectively shall be for that purpose stipulated; and copies or extracts of all such agreements or securities shall be kept with the clerk of the peace, or other proper officer having the custody of the records of the quarter sessions, of such county Tiding, Securities division, city, town, liberty, or precindt respectively; all may be trans an(j every person and persons to whom any such security or fcrrc. curities shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the money

thereby secured, is and arc hereby empowered (by endorsing $11$, her, or their name or names on the back of such security or securities) to transfer and assign the same, and his, her, or their right to the principal money and interest thereby secured, unto any person or persons; and every such affigoee may in like manner transfer the same again, and so totiei qwtiies j and the perien or persons to whom such security or securities, or any, uch^ai fignment thereof, shall be made, and his, her, or their jreipec 1 live executors, administrators, and assigns, hall be ciednon { upon the said rates, in an equal degree one with another, and shall not have any preference with respedi to the priority of any moneys so advanced,

III And

j7$4*] Anno vlce&mo quarto gborgii III C sit

III And be it further enabled, that the said justices To what ex and they arc hereby authorised and required, not only to charge tfnt the juf the rates to be raised upon such county, riding, division, city, chktge'the town, liberty, or precindt, y«ith the interest of the money so county jratei# borrowed on such Securities, but also with the payment of a further sum, equal at least to the fuqa so charged for the Interest of such securities; which said sums shall be assessed on such county riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct, in such manner as county rates are directed to be assessed by the laws now in being, and paid and applied, under the direction of the said.. in discharge of the interest, and of so many of the principal sums on the said securities as such moriey will extend to discharge in each year, until the whole of the money for which such Securities shall be made, and the interest thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; and the said justices are required td fix one or more day or days in each year, on which such payment shall be made, and shall make orders for assessments in due time, so as to provide for the regular payment thereof; and A regular ic they arc hereby required to appoint a proper person to keep an count be exact and regular account of all the receipts and payments un book of alla der the authority of this act, in a book or books separate and receipts and apart from all other accounts, and the same to settle and adjust payments un in such manner that it may easily be seen what interest is grow this ing due, and what principal money has been discharged, and v/li3t remains due; and the Said book or books, So adjusted and settled, to deliver into court at every general or quarter sessions to be held for any such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or prccinct; and the Said justices are required, it every which oiatl be such sessions, carefully to inspect all such accounts, and maken<of^** orders for carrying the Several purposes of this al into execu ever^sessions* tion, in such manner as to them shall Seem meet; and if at any

time it shall appear to the said joftices that the person so appointed has neglecfted the Said order, and has not duly, and without delay, applied the money in his hands to the purposes hereby directed, fuqh person shall forfeit doubfe the aifiount of the money which shall not have been applied to the purposes of this at 5 and the said justices, so assembled iri feltion as aforesaid, shall direct, in what order such securities Shall 6e discharged, by drawing lots or otherwise, as they shall think fit, first discharging all Such Securities which shall bear the highdt interest.

IV Provided always, and be it further enafied, That the Money bore

justices of the peace in their respefuve quarter sessions shall, and be

they are hereby required to make provisions by means of the paid within a rates (which they are hereby authorised to make), and by their Umited timt. orders and directions (which they are hereby authorised to give),

in such manner that the whole money to be borrowed under the authority of this act, shall be fully paid and discharged within a time to be limited, not exceeding fourteen years Frotfi the time of borrowing the same.

V And be it further enacted, That in cases where such,

lioufet

7*8

Justices may dispose of old houses of correction, apd the ground on which they ... stand.

Bodies poll lick, C may sell and convey lands, CC

Purchase money, exceeding tool, to be laid out in purchase of lands, C Aibjeft to the same uses, canno

vicesimo quarto gfeorgsl III C 55* [17&4*

houses of corredtiofi shall be passed down, repaired, rebuilt, or enlarged, by the authority of thfc astor any other liw ih hewing, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, 'ia their quarter sessions assembled, to sell and dispose of the m£te jials of such old houses of correction, or such parts thereof, and also of the whole, or such parts of the (cite or ground belonging thereto as shall not be heceflary to be used for or in the rebuilding, repairing, or enlarging such houses of cofreftktta, at the best price or prices that can or may be gotten for the (kmc; which mqnies shall be applied to the purposes of this a St; and in case of any such purchase of lands, tenements, Or hereditaments, which shall exceed what is necessary to be soused or employed, the said justices may sell and dispose of the same, and apply the money to be raised by such sale for th purposes aforesaid,

VI And be it further enacted, .That it shall and may be lawful for the king's most excellent majesty, his heirs and fthjcet fors, and for all bodies politic and corporate, and also for ail guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, and attorneys of any person or persons, being infants, lunatics, idiots, uriddr coverture, or any other disability, and also for all other persons Who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in, any houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, which shall be deemed necessary for the purposes of this a, to contra or agree for, and to sell, convey, and allure such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, unto such person or persons as ftial! be named by the justices, in trust, and for the purpose of crcs ing new houses of correction, or enlarging the' old houses of cqrre#ion, and the yards, courts, and outlets thereunto belonging; and all such; agreements, Tales,conveyances, and assurances, shall be valid and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, any law, statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII And be it further enacted, ' That all sums of money which shall be agreed to be paid to any corporation, guardian, committee, husband, trustee, or attorney, for or on behalf of any infants, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or cefturque trust, or to any other person or persons whose houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, shall be limited in ftri# settlement for the purchase of any such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, shall, in case such fotns of money shall exceed the sum of one hundred pounds, be hid out by such corporations, guardians, committees, hofbands, trustees, or attorneys, or any person or persons seized of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, so limited in ftri# settlement, as soon as conveniently may be, in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee simple, to be conveyed to, or to the use of such corporations, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, or attorneys, and to and for such person or person and forfoch

eftatt

1784.]; Anno vicesimo quarto Geqbgxi UL C

estate arid estates, and to, for, and upon, and subje# to such uses, limitations remainders and contingencies, as the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, for and in respe# whereof such purchase money shall be paid as aforesaid, shall be limited, settled, and allured at the time fych purchase or contra shall be made in manner aforesaid, or such as shall then be capable of taking esse; the charges of such conveyances and settlements to be paid in the same manner as the other expenses relating to the house of correction; and in the mean time, and till such purchase or pur And until chases shall be made, such money, whether the same shall or such purchase hall not exceed the sum of one hundred pounds, shall be laid rooney^o be out, by such corporation, or other persons for the time being Uidoutin interested therein, in some government fecyrities, in the names government of two persons, one to be nominated by the party or parties for fecuritics. the time being interested therein, and the other by the justices aforesaid j and the interest arising from such securities shall be paid to such person or persons respesively, as would have beet inti tied to the rents and profits of such lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, in case the same had rot been sold, or Would for the time being be entitled to the rents and profits of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, io to be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled as aforesaid.

VIII And be it further enacted, That if any such corpowti If the parties jpns, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, and attorneys, refuse to treat, or any person or persons For the time being interested in any such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, which shall be Adeemed necessary for the purposes of building, or enlarging any such house of correction, and other the purposes of this a, upon notice in writing to him, her, or them, given or left at the house or houses, or other place or places ofibode of such person or persons, or of the principal officer or officers of any such corporation, shall, for the space of twenty-one days after such notice so given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall refuse to accept such price as shall be offered by the justices or their agents, or shall otherwise not agree for the sale of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, or if, by reason of absence or incapacity, they shall be prevented from treating for such sale; then, and in such case, the justices of the peace, at their general or general quarter sessions, or any two or more of them appointed for that purpose, shall value to cause the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, j ncd hereditaments, easements, and privileges, to be inquired into*and ascertained by a jury of indifferent men of the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin# wherein the same shall be (ituated; and to that end (bail summon and call before such jury, and examine upon oath (which oath any one or more of such justices 01 the peace is and are hereby empowered so adminster) any person or persons whomsoever j and such juf

C C C 3 ticea

jrj<y Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 5$. [1784,

tlees of the peace, or any two of them, shall, by ordering a view or otherwise, life all ways and means for the inform mation of themselves and of fuph jury, in the premises'; and when such jury shall have inquired of, and ascertained the value of such houses, buildings, lans, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, the said justices of the peace shall thereupon ord^r that the sum or sums which shall so appear to tie the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, shall be paid in (bch manner as is herein before directed, touching the money to be paid for such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafetrients, or privileges, for sale whereof the person or perfohsin verdia of teref^ed shall contra and agree in manner aforesaid; ver jury, fcc.tobc did or inquisition? and order, shall be filed of record by the cleric - 1 of the peace, qr other officer having the custody of the records of

the said county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or pre''and shall be final and conelusive, to all intents and pur

pofei whatsoever, against all parties and persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim, in possession, remainder, reversion, or otherwiie, their heirs and successors, as well absent as prefem. Infants, lunatics, idiots, and persons under coverture, or any pther disability whatsoever, corporations, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, and attorneys, or any other person or persons whomsoever.

IX arj, for tljesummoning and returning such juries, be it the Jury further enacted, That such justices of the peace, or any two of may issue their warrant or warrants to the sheriff or? n*bailiff of any particular county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin#, within the limits of which the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges shall be situated, requiring him to impannel, summon, nd Veturn an indifferent jury of twenty persons, qualified to serve on juries, to appear before the said justices, or any two of them, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants shall be appointed; and such sheriff and bailiff is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such number of persons accordingly, and, out of the persons so summoned, in pannelied, and returned; or out of such as shall appear upon such summons, the justices of the peace, or any two of rhea: , shall, and they are hereby empowered and required 10 draw by bailot, and to swear or cause to be sworn, twelve men, who shall be the jury for the purposes aforesaid; and, in default of a sufficient number of jurymen so returned, the faief sheriff or bailiff shall take such other honest and indifferent men of the ftanders by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that fer yurymen may Vice, to make up the number twelve; and all persons concern he challenged. ed shall have their lawful challenges agaihft any of the fiid Justices may jurymen when they come to be sworn: and the said justicesof tine the Hie the peace,or any two of them, shall have power from time to £jf» time to impose a fine or fines upon such sheriff or bailiff, or his

fje^auir. n5 denary or deputies making default in the prenrifesy atodf on'any

im'*C

178^.3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 55.;73i

of thfe persons who ball be summoned and returned on such jury, and who (halbnot appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be fwom on the said jury, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give, or Ihaii not give a vcrdid, or shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his or their duty therein; and also on any person who, being summoned and required to give evidence before the said jwy, shall refuse or neglect: to appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to befworn or to give evidence; so that no such fine be more than ten pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, on anyone person for one offence.

X And be it further enabled, That in case any jury shall give Expense of in and deliver a verdict for more money, as the value of such iur*> C ho houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, to he defrayed, or privileges foto be purchased, than what shall have been offered for the purchase thereof by the said justices of the peace,

or their agents, to any person capable of contradiing for the same, the costs and expenses of summoning and maintaining the jury and witneifes shall be born and paid out of the same fund as the expenses of the buildings to be erected thereon; but if such jury shall give in and deliver a verdict for no more,or for less money than the money which shall have been so offered by such junices of the peace, or their agent, then the cods and expenses of summoning and maintaining the said jury and witnesses shall be born and paid by the person or persons with whom such controversy or dispute, touching the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, shall arise,

XI And be it further enacted. That, upon payment of the 0n pa^fnt money so ordered to be paid for the purchase of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or pri land. vileges, or, upon refusal or inability to receive the same, leaving joftice* may the same in the hands of such personas the justices in their pofleffioi* quarter sessions shall appoint, for the use of the party or parties thcrcof* entitled thereto, or in case of the said party or parties not being

to be found, then, upon notice to be published ip same paper or papers circulating in or near the said county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precindt, where such houfo of cor rection is to be built or enlarged, of the payment or investment of such purchase money, the said lands, tenements, heredi ments, easements, and privileges so purchased, shall vest in the person or persons who shall be authorised to take and hold the (aoie by virtue of this act, for the purposes aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said justices, or any two of them, their workmen or agents, to enter upon, and take possession of, apd make use of the said houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, and every part thereof; and thereupon all such persons and parties who were the owners or occupiers thereof, shall be diveffed of all right and title in and to the same, and every part thereof.

XII And be it further enacted, That in ail cases where any Justice, wfyr

juftke or justicas of the peace is or are, or shall be, by any a'

'Of

fp?' aftnoticectnotjoartogeorg 11lll. c.55.*'* £17!?4, '

luminary o parliament, authorised or impcwered to convict any person way, may or persona before him or them, in a futnmary way, without the

commit of intervention of a jury, it shall and may be lawful, from and

house'o/ecr a^fcr, le p.s., n this act, for such justice or justices of the

rection. cor" peace so authorised or empowered as afore said, if he or they shall think hr, to commit such per fan of personfo conviifed in such summary way as aforesaid, to the house of correftien within his or their jurisdiction, in lieu or in (lead of the common gaol j any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

The SC HEDULE to which this act refers.

FORM of Mortgage and charge upon the county rates for securing the money borrowed.

, %

A. B. one of his Majeslfs Justices of the peace, and chair man of the court of quarter fejjions of the peace for the county, WV. of (as the case shall be, ) balden

at the day of

C D. and E. F. efauires, two other of his majesty's justices of the peace acting for the said county, C and ajfemblei in the faii court, in pursuance of the power to uf given by an ait passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, inti* titled, C [insert the title of the aft] do hereby, in open court, mortgage and charge all the rates to be retifed within the said county, sv. (as the case shall be, ) under the description of county rates, by the laws now in being, with the payment of the Jam of. which G. H. of hath proposed and agreed to

lend, and hath note actually advanced and paid towards defraying the expenses of building, repairing, Lffc, (as the case shall be, ) the house of correction for the said county, if C And we do hereby confirm and establish the same unto the said G. H. his executors, adminf rotors, and ajjigns, for securing the repayment of the said sum of

and the iuterefl agreed upon for the same, after the rate of per centum per annum; and di

order the tteafurer for such county, if C or other personas the case

shall be, ) to pay the interest'of the said sum of

half yearly, as the same Shall become due, until the principal jhadk dijcharged, pursuant to the directions of the said act.

CAP. LVI

An act for the effectual transportation of felons and other offenders;

and to authorise the removal of prisoners in certain cases, and for - other purposes therein mentioned.,

WHEREAS it is expedient to empower his Majesty, teitb the advice of his privy council, to appoint certain pious, as Will out of his Majtfly's dominions as within the same, to vebicb

fdeut

[784*1 Anno vicesimo quarto Gsqugii HI. C $6.\ 731

'elms'tyd other offenders mat be transported and to make other re

luutfms for the more^effeflvfll transportation of Jucb offenders; may

t therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be >

it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with

the advice and content of the lords spirituel and temporal, and

: oaunpn$, in thi* present parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Anyperson

aft, when any person or persons, at any fefliqn of oyer and ter conv&ed, in

miner, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general session jl^and r

of the peace, to be held for any county, riding, division, city, punifflir

town, borough, liberty, or place, within that part of Great Bri at>}c by trans >

called England, or at any great session to be held for the portation,

: ounty palatine of Chejtery or within the principality of tvales % may by the shall be lawfully convicted of grand or petit larceny, or any 5cred to be" other offence for which such person or persons (halt be liable transported by the tews of this realm to be transported, it shall and may be accordingly! lawful for the court before which any such person or persons shall be so convicted as aforesaid, or any subsequent court held at any place for the same county, riding, division, city, town, borough, liberty, or place respectively, with like authority, to order and adjudge that such person or persons so con rifted as aforesaid shall be transported beyond the seas, for any crm of years not exceeding the number of years or term for which such person or persons is or are, or shall be liable by any aw to be transported; and, in every such case, it (half and And his Ma nay be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his j*fty in coun* )rivy council, to declare and appoint to what place or places, 'p^n^towhat Dart or parts beyond the seas, either within his majesty's do j>iacc beyond ninions, or ekewhere out"of his majesty's dominions, such fel the seas he jnsor other offenders shall be conveyed or transported; and Iballbe sent uch court as aforesaid is hereby authorised and irapowered to jrder such offenders to be transferred to the use of any person Dr persons, and his or their assigns, who shall contract for the*lue performance of such transportation: when his Majesty, if his Majesty lis heirs and successors, shall be pleased to extend mercy to any ihouid extend Dffender or offenders who hath or have been, or shall be con his mercy to rifted of any crime or crimes for which he, (he, or they is, are, fj"sle in the r shall be by law excluded from the benefit of clergy, upon puniflunent of: ondition of transportation to any place or places, part or parts death, the deyon^l the seas, either for term of life, or any number of years, co "rt way ind such intention of mercy shall be signified by one of his ^dtransport° vlajesty's principal secretaries of state, it shall be lawful for any ec bcy0ndthe: ourt, having proper authority, to allow such offender or offen seas, for any iers the benefit of a conditional pardon, and (except in cases term of years where such offender or offenders shall be authorised by his Ma jjjj numbe^* efty ro transport himself, herself, or themselves) to order the fars 0/ ransfer of such offender or offenders to any person or persons term for who shall contrast for the due performance of such transporta which such ion, and his or their alsigns, for such and the same term of pears for which any such offender or offenders shall have been or ha

lered to be transported or for such term of life or years as shall ble by any

be law to be trao (ported.

734 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 56.; [17s4.

be specified in such condition of transportation as aforesaid*Contractor to such person or persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or theii have a pro assigns, by virtue of such order of transfer as aforcgud, fbtll Srviceof the a property in the service of such offender or offenders' for amende such terms respectively; and when any offender or offoftdcfrs hath or have been, or shall be convicted of any crime or crimes for which he, (he, or they is or are by law excluded the benefit of clergy, the judge, before whom such offender or offenders shall be convi^ed, or any justice of the king's bench, common pleas, or baron of the exchequer of the degree of the coif, : in case the said offender or offenders shall have been tried ai any court of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, in England or Any justice of Chester or Wales in case the said offender or offenders shall be tped and convicted within any of their respecttye judfr dictions, may on such intention of mercy as aforesaid being signified to him by one of the said principal fecretturies of date, make an order for the immediate transportation of such offender or offenders, in the same manner as if such intention of mercy*had been signified by one of the said principal.secretaries of

state during the continuance of the assizes orfe(fions at which such offender or offenders was or were condemned; and such order shall be considered as an order made at fych assizes or sessions as aforesaid, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same consequences as any order for the transportation of any offender or offenders made by any justice of oyer and temntier, great sessions, or gaol delivery, for any county, city, liberty, borough, gr place, during the continuance of the aifizes or sessions.

frerfoni wn II nd be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every derraking to person cr persons to whom any such offender or offenders shall tenders^to*be transferred as aforesaid, shall, before any of them shall be give proper delivered over to him or them to be transported, give security security. that he or they will transport, or cause to be transported effectually, such offender or offenders to such place or places, part or parts beyond the seas respeaively, as shall be appointed by his Majesty in such manner as aforesaid, and procure such evidence as the nature of the case will admit of the landing of such offender or offenders so transferred as aforesaid, in tbit place or part, or those places or parts beyond the seas whereto he, (he, or they shall be ordered to be transported, (death and casualties by sea excepted), and that he, (he, or they shall not be suffered to return to Great Britain or Ireland by the wilful default of the person or persons so contracting as aforesaid, or of his or their assigns.

Court may ap. HI And be it also enacted. That such court as aforesaid ticesforthe*" 01aY appoint two justices of the peace for the county, riding, county, C to division, city, liberty, borough, or place where such offender com raft for or offenders shall have been conviaed, who shall have power transportation to contraa with any person or persons for the performance of Ac. ndcr8> t, ie lranfp°rtation of such offender or offenders, and to order such fecuriiy to be taken as aforesaid; and also to cause such

offender

784.] Anno vicesimo quarto GEORGII III C 56. 735

sender or offenders to be delivered, by the respective gaplers 1 whose custody he, (he, or they shall be, to the person or erfons contracting, or to his or their assigns; which contracts nd fccority shall be certified by the justices, who shall make nd take the same to the next court to be held with like au sorityfofthe said County, riding, division, city, liberty, bo augh, or place, to be filed and kept among the records of ich court; and all fecuritics for transportation shall be by Securities for ondin the name of the respecuve clerks of the peace, or other ^beb^bon? lerks of the court, who shall prosecute such bonds in their own in the name ot* ames; for Which purpose, every such clerk of the peace, 6r the clerk of lerk of the court, and his successors respetfiveiy, shall be deem the peace, cid a body corporate, and shall have and be paid all such costs ^che°mtjab<xiy s they (hill (ustain, in any such suit as the justices of the corporate.*>eace shall it their general quarter sessions of the peace direct,

ut of the public (lock; and all moneys recovered on such

xmds shall be for the use of the respective county, riding,

iivjfion, city, liberty, borough, or place, and be paid to their

'efpesive treasurers, to be part of the ppblick stock; all

barge? in or about making the contracts, taking fccurities, and

ionveying felons and other offenders in order to be transported,

hall be born by each county, riding, division, city, liberty,

jorough, or place, for which the court was held which ordered

uch offenders to be transported, and the respective treasurers

hall, by order of the justices in quarter fdffions, pay all such,

to the persons employed.

IV And be it further eqatfed. That the person or persons per^ons con po contracting as aforefyid, and to whom any offenders shall be [raofport of delivered in order to be transported, or any person or persons Tenders, may directed by the said justices (empowered to contra as afore carry them [aid), or their assigns, may in such manner as they shall think through any fit, carry and secure the said offenders in and through any coun j^au" tt the. ty of Great Britain towards the seaport or place from whence

they are to be transported; if any person or persons shall Penalty on refeue such offenders, or any of them, or assist them, or any of run hem, id making their escape from such person or persons as 1 cm C [hall have them in their custody as aforesaid, he, (he, or they (hill be adjudged guilty Of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

V And be it further enatfed by the authority aforesaid. That If any person if any offender or offenders, who shall be so ordered by any such ordered r court as aforesaid to be transpprted beyond the seas, gr who shall

agree to transporj himself or herself oq certain conditions, either be found at for life or any number of years, to any fqch place or places, large in Great part or parts, as shall be appointed by his Majesty in manner Britain or jre aforesaid, shall be afterwards at large within any part of the expiration kingdom of Great Britain or Jrehtid, without some lawful cause, Of his term, before the expiration of the term for which such offender or he shall lutter offenders shall have been ordered to be transported beyond the death, feasor shall have so agreed to transport himself or herself as aforesaid, every such offender being at large as aforesaid, being vl thereof

73$

Before whom such offenders may be tried.

Persons difeo vering and prosecuting such offenders, entitled to a reward ofol. and a certificate, & C

His Majesty Empowered to order, or to muthorife three justices of peace to order the removal of male prisonen under fentenpe of death, C from any gaol in England or Wales.

Anno vicefink) quarto georou III (1784,

thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy; and such offender or offenders may be tried, either before justices of affizet oyer and terminer, great sessions, or gaol delivery for the county city liberty, borough or place, where such offender or offenders shall be apprehended and taken, or from whence hebe, or they were ordered to be transported; and the clerk of the assize, clerk of the peace, or other officer or clerk of the court having the cof tody of the records where such orders of transportafioo shall be made, shall; at the request of the prosecutor, or any other per fop on his majesty's behalf, make out and give a certificateia writing, signed by him, containing the effect and fubihoceoaiy (omitting the formal part) of every indictment and convlfiioa of such offender or offenders, and of the order for his or her transportation, to the justices of assize, oyer and teuniner, great sessions, or gaol delivery, where such offender or offenders shall be indidted, (not taking for the same morejhaa two Shillings and sixpence), which certificate shall be sufficient proof of the conviction and order for the transportation of such offender or offenders: and whoever shall discover and prpfecute to conviction of felony without benefit of clergy, any such offender or offenders so being at large as aforesaidv (hu be in titled to a reward of twenty pounds for every such offender so convicted; and shall have the like certificate without fee or reward, as any person or persons may be entitled unto for the apprehending and prosecuting to conviction persons who bate committed any robbery upon the highway: provided nevertheless. That his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may pardoa and dispense with such transportation, and allow of the return of any such offender or offenders to the kingdom vftsrart Britain.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty from time to time, by an order in writing, to be notified by one of his said principal secretaries of stat or for any three or more of such of his majesty's justices of the peace adfipg in and for the county, riding, ffivision, city, bocoegh, liberty, or place, in which any gaol shall be situated, as, Hull be authorised by his Majesty under his sign manual, todiftft the removal Dtapy male offender or offenders who shall be under sentence of death, but reprieved during his Majesty'* pleasure, or under sentence or order of transportation, and who, having been examined by an experienced surgeon or apothecary, shall appear to be free from any putrid or iofedhousdif temper, and fit to be removed from the gaol or prifoo.in ww such offender or offenders shall be confined, to such place of confinement within England, or the dominion of either at land, or on board any ship or vessel in the rives Tbmo, or | any navigable or other river, or within the limits of any pert of England or Walcs^ as his Majesty.. any three of such justices, authorised as aforesaid, shall from time tq time appoint, fader

7&4-1 Anna viccfiniio quarto Georgii III. C 5$. 737

he management of*any overseer or overseers to be appointed

y his Majesty, or any three or more of suchjustices authorif

rd as afoiefakt} and every offender who (half be so removed

hall continue in the fald place of confinement, or be removed

a and confined in any other such place or places as aforesaid,

is his Majesty or any three or more of such justices, authorif

fd as aforesaid, from time to time shall appoint, until fqch of i

endershall be transported according to law, or by the expifa

iori of the term of (bch transportation, or otherwise, shall be

ntiried solis liberty, or until his Majesty, or any three ot*

noreof Aich justices, so anthorifed as aforesaid, shall direct the '

etwn of such offender to the gaol or prison from which he

lull have been so removed; and the sheriff or gaoler having Gaoler to fe

he custody of any offender whose removal shall be ordered in, iver offenders

nanner aforesaid shall, with all convenient speed after receipt facftordcr^

f the notification of any such order, convey, or cause to be with a proper ronveyed, every such offender to the place appointed, and certificate, .'heredeliver him, together with a certificate, containing his diriftian name, surname, and age, and alfb the. offence for which, and the court in which, he was convksled, and the mrpbrt of his or her sentence, to such overseer or overseers as iforcftid, who shall give a proper receipt in writing to the she iff or gaoler for the dischargeof such sheriff or gaoler.

VII And be it enacted. That all fees bn the delivering but Gaolers feet,

f custody of any such offender so ordered to be removed, as and expense wve ufelly been paid, and would have been due to the sheriff uemoj?, j r gaoler in case such offender had been removed in order to county? lave been transported, and all rtafonable expenses which the C heriff or gaoler shall incur in every such removal, shall be paid iy the county, riding, division, city, borough, liberty, or place, or which the court in which the offender was conviaed shall lave been held; and the sheriff or gaoler shall receive the money luefor such fees and expenses from the treasurer of such coun y, riding, division, city, borough, liberty, or place, such fees ind expenses being first allowed by the order of the justices of he pe^ce at their quarter or other general sessions of the peace, vho are hereby required to make such order as shall be justin hat behalf.

VIII And be it further enabled. That after the removal of Overseer, to my offender under this at, the overseer who shall have the "horn such: of him shall, during the term'of such custody, have the §2iwed a roe powers over him as are incident to the office of a sheriff have the Cam r gaoler, and, in like manner be answerable for any escape of power over iich offender; and also, during such custody, shall seed and theda as gaol lothe such offender, and shall keep him to labour at such eri daces, and under such directions, limitations, and reftriaions, is his Majesty, or any three or more of such justices, so authored, as aforesaid, shall from titpe to time, by any order to be lire&ed to such overseer or overseers for their instruaion, ippoitu.

IX and it is hereby declared, That the time during which Time of ?mc

any prifooment to

1

r

be deemed

rate puoiflv ment for inif behaviour.

See.

Anno vicesimo quarto g&orgirlff. C $6. ' fj7S4

any offender shall have continued in gaol under fehtmceof part of the, transportation, or being removed under the provisionstfereffl, port^on.an*shall c°ntinue confined by virtue of this abe be taken ail reckoned in discharge or part discharge or fatitfaction of thetena of his transportation.

Overseers may X And be it further enacted, That if any offender flufi, inflict mode during such custody under this act, be guilty of any mifbebri our or djforderly conduct, it shall be lawful for such orerte or overseers, having the custody of fact offender to infli&or cause to be inflicted such moderate punishment or corre&iomi may be inflicted by law on persons committed to a ho'ieof correction; and if any such offender shall break from, or unlawfully escape from the custody of such overseer or overseers, or if any person shall rpfcue, or attempt to refeue, or assist m rescuing, any such offender frdm such custody or shall conrcy, or cause to be conveyed, any disguise, instrument, oirarmst* such offender, every such offence shall be puniffiable in the same, manner as if such offender had been confined in a gaol or prison, in the custody of the sheriff or other gaoler, for the crime of which such offender shall have been convr&ed.

XL And be it further enacted, That the overfeert of the several places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of th f ad, shall from time to time make returns, specifying the name of every person in their custody, the offence of which he or h shall have been guilty, the court before which he ot ftc shall have been convicted, and the sentence of such court, together with his age and bodily state, and his behaviour vrhilil in custody; also the names of such offenders who shall har; died whilst in such custody, or shall have escaped, or hare been lawfuly discharged from the same; which returns foal! h made, on the first day of every term, to his majesty's court $ king's bench at Westminster, on the oath of the person or pe fons making the same; such oath to be made before the fed court, or any commissioner. authorised to take affidavits io the same.

XII And whereas there are several persons confined in nuntj&l tity gaols in England and Wales, under fenternes and crdtna&i by one or more justice oryujlices of peace at their fiffim, ertfb wise, upon convictions in a summary way, without the inunenii: 1 lize&c may fa dury 5 he L furlher enacted, That it shall be lawful for aa? remove pri^justice of assize or great sessions, or any two or morejuftctj Yoners com of the peace within whose jurisdiction such gaol is situate, ta mined byjuf remove any such person or persons to any house of coircflion tices of peace. wjti; in the said jurisdiction, thereto be confined, and toft main in execution of such sentence or order.

If offenders XIII And be it further enacted, That if any offender haa

cannot conve already been ordered to be transported to any part beyond tb:

trans orted to cas or^ any ori*er at any hme hereafter be made fortly

1 he place men transportation of any offender, and such order cannot be con tioned in their veniently executed with respect to the place in such orderrorn lemence, the tioned, it shall be lavvfui for the court of king's bench, or fa

u lit

Overseers to

make returns of prisoners to the court of king's bench, the fw(t day of very term.

'Anna vscdtmo.quarto gtorgii IL C 5^ yfo

ie pourt before which any such person hath been convicted, or court of king'* hplden for the same county, riding, division, city, beneh^&c. orpugh, .liberty, or place, having like authority, or (in the Senuo be aqa|ipn time, and out of term) for any two justices of the transported to ourt of king's bench, common pleas, or barons of the court any other f exchequer of the degree of the coif, to order that such of pj^the^1 der shall e .transported to any other part or place beyond liun F C fcas, which shall have been appointed by immajesty for C transportation of such offenders, in such and the like matter, and for the same term of years, as such offender is or laty be liable to be transported to the place mentioned in the riginal sentence or order for his or her transportation; and such rdcr shall be considered as made at the same time, and shall e as effectual to every intent and purpose, and shall have all LI same consequences, in every respect.. the original order Dr the transportation of such offender, and such offender shall e transferred, conveyed, and made over, to ally person who vill conuradt for the performance of such transportation, and'o his or their assigns, in like manner as if such offender had een transported to the place mentioned in the original order of ranfpqrtation; and such person or persons, so contracting as ioreljaid, his or their assigns, by virtue of such order of transfer $ aforesaid, shall have a property in the service of the said iffender, for the remainder of the term for which the offender vas originally ordered to be transported 5 and in case such of Oifeuden reorder, so ordered for transportation, shall be afterwards at turningbefore arge within any part of the kingdom of Great Britain, without f their^m11 ome lawful cause, before the expiration of the term for which tofufferdeati uch offender shall have been ordered to be transported, every uch offender being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death is in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy, and shall be tried )cfore such judges, and in such manner, and the same evidence nade life of, for his or her conviction, as is or shall be directed y the laws now in being, or hereafter to be made, for the trial f other offenders found at large within this kingdom before be expiration of the term for which they were ordered to transported; whoever shall discover, and prosecute to oi. reward: onvi£tion of felony without benefit of clergy, any such offender for profecut o being at large within this kingdom as aforesaid, shall be in ijtled to a reward of twenty pounds for every such offender so cu cr, J xmvidled, and shall have the like certificate, without fee or re vanj, as any person may be entitled to for the apprehending ndprofecuting to conviction, persons who have committed any obhery upon the highway.

XIV And be it further enacted. That the expenses of car Expenses of ying this act into*execution, as far as the same relates to the executing rt«s wraoval of prisoners convicted, and remaining in custody under ^tive Cptencepf death, and respited during his majesty's pleasure, or m0val ofpri jpder.sentence pr order of transportation to other places of con Toners, C to ioement, and which are not otherwise provided for, shall be he laid annu fpoyally laid before both houses of parliament, and shall be al1?.before

provided par'!amtnt'

sad, on ob laimn

dia, cover treble costs.

Limitation of actions.

jjjo Anno viccgtix), quarto Georgii IH, <^ 56* (1784. j

provided for in the next supplies to be granted to his Majesty by parliament.

Perfbm prose XV And be it further enacted, That if any suit or action cuted for exe shall be prosecuted against any person or peripns for 'curing this act done; n pyrfuance of this act, such person or perfoqs may pfcad the general issue, ynd give this act, and the (pedal master, in^" evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the Jape

was done by the authority of this act and if a verdi&aull pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their aat or actions, after issue joined; or if, on demurrer or otherwire, ig a ver judgement shall be given agarinft the plaintiff or plaintiff?, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the*like remedy for the same as any defendants have by law in other cases; and not with (landing a verdict shall be given to any plaintiff in such action or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not have costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom the trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the verdict,

XVI And be it further enacted, That all actions, suits, and prosecutions to be commenced against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this act shall be laid and tried in the county and place where the was committed, and shall be commenced within six calendar months after the committed, and not otherwise.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforefcki. That, from and after the passing of this act, an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to authorise the removal ofprisoners in certain cmfts, and to amend the laws respecting the transportation of offenders) ex

except with cept with regard to any prisoners who have already been remov regard to pried from any gaol or prison, and placed under the managementner.who of any overseer or overseers, by virtue of the said act, which movedbyvir^pnfoners shall front an a«cr the passing of this act, be tue thereof, subject to the orders and regulations herein before contained,

instead of those contained in the said act, shall be, and the lame is hereby repealed.

19 Geo. 3, CI XVIII And be it further enacted, That an act passed in 7*, continued the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intitulr until June i ecj> i9 explain and amend the laws relating to that tremfa+rto

tidny imprisonmenty and other punishment of certain offenders), fltah be and remain in force until the first day of Juniy one thoo&nd seven hundred and eighty seven, and from thence until the end of the then next session of parliament.

XIX And be it enacted. That the provisions of this act, so far as the same extend to authorise the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, shall continue to be in force until the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and from thence until the end of the then nest feffibn of parliament.

b. it, oflaft session, repealed:

*7*7*

Continuance of this ait.

CAP

i j Anno vicefiato quarto gvotksit III C 57-741 CAP. LVII

Art ft te enable his Majesty Jo grant to the heirs of the former pro pfietori, upon certain terms and conditions, the forfeited eftatls in Scotland, which were put under the management of a board of ttufiees by an act passed in tie twenty'fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second; and to repeal the said act.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twentieth year of his preamble.

late uiajefiy King George, the Second, (entitled, an a for vesting in his Majesty the estates of certain traitors, and for of 4+'

more effectually discovering the same, and applying the pro C0' dues thereof to the life of his Majesty; and for ascertaining and Satisfying the lawful debts and claims thereupon), the estates of those who had been attainted of high treason for their acccffion to the then late rebellion, were declared to be in his Majesty, subject to the Payment of debts, and under various regulations therein contained: wd whereas by another act, made in the twenty fitfh year of the reign f bissaid safe Majesty, (entitled, An act for annexing certain 25 Geo., CI orfeited estates in Scotland to the crown unalienably; and for naking satisfaction to the lawful creditors thereupon; and to ftabhfh a method of managing the same; and applying the ents and profits thereof for the better civilising and improv ng the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing disorders there or the future), all and every the lands and estates which vocre then n the bands of his Majesty, by the attainder of Simon late lord vorat, and certain other per font therein named, were declared to be nolienably annexed to the imperial crown of these realms; and pro nsion was also made by the said lafi recited act, for payment of all ujl and lawful debts due by the forfeiting persons before their at wider, and for transacting the slaims made by subject superiors to be property of some of these estates; and likewise for acquiring that tperiorities belonging to such subject superiors: and whereas, by an ft Pqfted in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty s reign, in tulea, An act to enable his Majesty to grant unto major, gene and 14 Geo. j, 'il Frazer the lands and estate of the late Simon lord Lovat, C pon certain terms and conditions), the said act of the twenty ftb year of his late Majesty was repealed, in so far as it related to ?e estate which formerly belonged to the said Simon late lord Lovat 5 huh estate was thereby difannexed from the crown, and has futce en granted by his Majesty, in the terms, and under the conditions

1 length specified in the aforesaid act, passed in the fourteenth year of 's present majesty*s reign: and whereas the said estates were put ider the management of a board of trustets or /ommiffidners for anaging the same, and applying the rents and profits thereof for the \tter civilising ahd improving the highlands of Scotland, and fe vring the peace and loyally of the inhabitants: and whereas, by the psrience of many years fence that time it has been found, that no.

\bjefts in any part of his Majesty s dominions are more loyal or duti tl, or better affected to his Majesty s person and government, than vot/xxxlv, D d d the

74* Anno viccbtno quvto georgii 1, 11. 0, 57* [1784.* |

the inhabitants of the Highlands of Scotland now are, many of whom, of all ranks and defer iptions, have performed pgnalservices io their country in the late wars between Great Britain and its enemies and more particularly the heirs and families of all or most of thifoii attainted persons have been employed in the service of their ltf/tfol fevereign, and tejlified their loyalty and zeaf upon ah occajtons, and... therefore it is ft that they should now receive Jome mart ofkisma

jessy's royal mercy and clemency: and whereas it is expedient that the said cfates be now difwnexed, and refer ed to the heirs orfarmlu: . of the former owners, upon the payment of certain sums on account f the debts due by the forfeiting personswhich were discharged by pi public and under the other conditions herein after mentioned: [ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enatfed y and be it enabled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au hu Majesty thority of the same, That it shall and maybe lawful tohisma impoweredto jesty, his heirs and successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to futownlble* lhc honourable John Kenzie, commonly called Lord joba micen lrodfeld$ft son of George late earl of Cromarty, and his heirs and fois and assigns, all and every the lands, lordships, baronies, tithes, patronages, filhings, and other like heretages, which became <hlps**5cc. for forfeited to his said late Majesty, by the attainder of the said feited to hi George late earl of Cromarty, now deceased, and which were an late Majesty nexed to the crown by the aforesaid act, in the twenty^fifth uuide/of year t*)c rr*sn f s said late Majesty; subject always to, and George ?ate chargeable with, the sum of nineteen thousand and ten pounds, Earl of Cro ten millings, and seven pence, and ten twelfth parts of a penny marty i sterling, of principal money, to be paid into the court of ex subject to chequer in Scotland as herein after directed.

to be paid H. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it into jhe ex shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc chequer in ceflbrs, to give, grant, and dispone, to Donald Cameron, son Scotland: ancj jr of Charles Cameron, late captain in the seventyjfirst

And to regiment of foot, deceased, who was only lawful son of Donald donaldcame Cameron late of Lochiel, and his heirs and assigns, all arid evert # r^c ams am estate which became forfeits to his said late the attainder Majesty by the attainder of the said Donald Cameron , late of of Donald Lochiely now deceased; subjeeft always to, and chargeable with, Cameron late the sum of three thousand four hundred thirty-three pounds, ruweftto nine tomhg8. anc onc penny an fjx twelfth partr of a penny

91. sterling, of principal money, to be paid into the ftid court of

id. to be paid exchequer as after directed.

aa aforesaidt HI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it wovwwart* ai may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors,

the lands forgive, grant, and dispone, to Duncan Stewarty eldest lawful feited by the son of Charles Stewart late of ardfbeal, and his heirs and affigbs, attainder of all and every the lands and estate which became forfeited to hb Charles sold fate Majesty, by the attainder of the said Charles Stewart,

subjea to now deceased, and which were annexed to the crown ''Is afore

6991. 7s. 9d. said; subject always to, and chargeable with, the Turin cafix

o handred

Aftn 6 vicesimo {juirto geoiigii till, C

undred' ninety-nine pounds, . seven Shillings, and nine pende, to be p*id4 id one twelfth part of a penny sterling, of principal*money, to afore*aid*e paid into the said court of exchequer as after directed.

V be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it And u>i«hrii vail and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors

grant, and dispone to John AP t)onau> eldest son and cd°by the at' eir of the deceased lieutenant colonel Alexander Af'. Donaldy of tainder of ic seventy first regiment of foot, who was eldest son of Donald Donald P Donald late of Kinlochmoydart^ and his heirs and aflighfc, all m\donmi id every the lands and estate which became forfeited to hi id late Majesty, by the attainder of the said Donald AP. Dohbli te of icinlocbmoydart, now deceased, and which were annexed) the crown as aforesaid; always to, and chargeable fabje& forth, the sum of one thousand one hundred and eleven pounds,ti be5paid fteeo Shillings, and five pence sterling, of principal money, to, aforelasli e paid into the said court of exchequer as hereafter directed.

V And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That it And (6, col Mil and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors

> grant, and dispone, to colonel Duncan Pherfon, Und forfeited nly lawful son of Evan M'. Pherfon, late of Cluny, and his by. the at eirs and afsiens, all and every the lands and estate which be?*nd<r°f atne forfeited .to his said late Majesty by the attainder of the Fncf

lid van A4'. Pherfon, now deceased; always tp, and fubjv<ft to, hargeable'with, the sum of five thousand one hundred thirty 5, 11*1. 17 ight pounds, seventeen Shillings, and eleven pence, and seven°*, wclfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, to be j jjjj/*ur€* aid into the said court of exchequer as after directed.

VIAND be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Ana of. lall and nnay be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, ^11 the landi give, grant, and dispone, to colonel John mdonell, late of forfeited by he seventy sixth regiment of foot, eldest lawful son of Duncan the attainder P. Donell^ late of Lochgary, and his heirs and assigns, all and of Duncan very the lands, tithes, and other heretages and estate, which doneu} became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the attainder of the aid Duncan AP. Donell, now deceased, and which were an lexcd to the crown as aforesaid; always to, and charge subject td ble with, the sum of two thousand and eignty three pounds, aid

welve Shillings, and one penny, and five twelfth parts of a pen if^efolcu y sterling, of principal money, to be paid into the said court

exchequer as after directed.

VII And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it And to John hall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, £ns % ort>it* o give, grant, and dispone unto John Cameron, eldest lawful^by the*t* bn of Allan Cameron, late of Caliart, and his heirs and af tainder ot igns, all and every the lands, tithe, and other heretages and Allan came jstate, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the ron 5 ittainder of the said Allan Carter on now deceased j subject al fubjr# to svays to, and chargeable with, the sum of four hundred and iwenty pounds, fifteen Shillings, and nind pence sterling, f ,jorefc5i principal money, to be paid into the said court of exchequer as aforesaid..,

d 1 Vtll. Atii

744

And (o Fnrt

cu I'aiqunar inn the lands forfeited by his attainder;

subject 3, 6x3! os.

9 C ro be paid 1 as aforesaid.

His Majesty may grant to Duncan M' Done! the lands forfeited by the attainder ot Archibald M'. Donald;

subject to

3, 667 i.13 S

5 d. to be paid as aforesaid:

And to the

heirs male of John Drummond, Sic. the ene of Perth, tot feited byhis attainder;

Aimp vicefioio quarto Georgii III C [1784.

VIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and nfty be lawful to hi Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbfs, to give, grant, and dispone to Francis Farqukatfin, late of Monaltry, who has received his majesty's most gracious pardon, and his heirs and assigns, all and every the lahds, tithes, and other heretages and estate, which became forfeited to his Arid Jate Majesty by the attainder of the said Francis Farguharson; subject always t9, and chargeable with, the sum of ono thoa sand six hundred and thirteen pounds, and nine pence, slid sour twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, lobe paid into the said court of exchequer as after directed.

IX And whereas the lands and estate which were surveyed and annexed to the crown, as belonging to Archibald M. Donald son of col Mc. Donald of Barrifdale, were in only held in wadfett by the said col. Mu. Donald, and his son Archibald redeemable for the sum of one thousand five hundred and twenty seven pounds, fifteen Shillings, and sixpence, and six twelfth parts of a penny, by John M. Donell of Glcngary, but were td> vertheless allowed to be surveyed and forfeited as the abfohue property of the said Archibald M Donald without any claim being entered in due time by John mdontll the reverser, whole heir ought now to be restored against the fonfequences of that oversight: whereas the debts due by the said Archibald Mc. Donald at the period of the forfeiture, and which were afterwards paid by the piiblick, exceeded the wadfett Aim before mentioned, so that no benefit could accrue to him by restoring him to the right of wadsett, with the burden of a sum equal to or exceeding his debts; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it hall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to give, grant, and dispone ttye said lands and estate to Duncan A7'. Dontll, now of Glengory, the grandson and heir of the aforesaid John M. Dwell of Glcngary, and his heirs and assigns; subject always to, and chargeable with, the sum of one thousand six hundred sixty seven pounds, thirteen Shillings, and five pence, and ten twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, to be paid into the said court of exchequer as after directed.

X And whereas the ejlate of Perth, which became forfeited by the attainder of John Drummond, taking upon bimftlf the Jtile er title of Lord John Drummond, brother to James Drummond, taking on himself the f isle or title of Duke of Perth, flood dertifei before the forfeiture to heirs male: and whereas the said John Drummond died without leaving issue lawful of his body, and it is net yet ascertained who is his neareji collateral kebr male 5 be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to give, grant, aid dispone to the heirs male of the said John Drummond, who would have been entitled to succeed by the investitures of the said estate, had it not been forfeited, and to the heirs and assigns of such heir male, all and every the lands, lordlhips, baronies, frlberks, tithes, patronages, and other heretages and estates, which bea

came

1784*! Anno vicesimo quarto georgii III C 57. 745

carrtp forfeited to his late Majesty by the attainder of the said John Drummond, taking upon hirofelf the style or title of Lord j$h*drummond^ and which were annexed to the crown as aforesaid; always to, and chargeable with, the sum of fifty subject so iwq thousand five hundred forty seven pounds, one shilling, and 5** 54-71. 1 s. IX pence and three twelfth parts of a penny sterling, or prin lb Pad: ipal money, to be paid into the said court of exchequer, as a ore*: ifter directed.

XI Aid whereas Francis Buchanan, late of Arnpryor, another f the forfeiting persons, alio died without lawful ifi'ue of his body,

of) or in tit led to toe following lands and ejlate: ; videlicet.

The ejlate of Arnpryor, and the lands of Stank and Kerinoch, vhicb were deviled to heirs general, and the ejlate of Strathyre, and ertain parts of the lands of Arnfinlay, which were devised to heirs nak\ bp it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That And to grant t (hill and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and succes the estate of ors, to grant and dispone to miftrels Jean Buchanan, widow of ^r"*?ryor, che deceased John afs Nab of Mc. Nab esquire, After and heir the attainder jeneral of the said Francis Buchanan, and her heirs and assigns, of Francis bu be said estate of Arnpryor, and the said lands of Stank and Ke chananjto his inub; and to John Buchanan of auckuffie esquire, the heir male he, rs»

f the said Francis Buchanan, and his heirs and assigns, the said

Hate of Strathyre, and the said parts of the lands of Arnfinlay \

ubje& always to, and chargeable, the said whole estates and subject to

ands foto be granted, with the payment of'the sum of two 2, f97, 'h8s#..

houfand four hundred ninety seven pounds, eight Shillings,

aid threepence, and eight twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of

)rincipal money, to be paid by them the said mistress jean

Buchanan, and John Buchanan, and their heirs, jointly and leave

ally, into the said court of exchequer, as after directed; but

leclaring that the said persons shall haye such claims against each

there to be relieved of the said sum, either in whole or in part,

is they would have had with respect to their predecessors debts,

f there had been no forfeiture.

XII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That the several principal sums aforesaid shall be made payable Wjjen the said y the different grantees, their heirs, and assigns, into the court sums shall be )f exchequer in Scotland, in equal moieties, one half of each Pau, nto t:um at the term of Martinmas, in the year one thousand seven cxcie<iucr* lundred and eighty six, and the other half at the said term in he year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, together vith interest upon the whole at the rate of five pounds per cetir um per annum from the term of Martinmas, one thousand seven tundred and eighty-four, until payment of the sums due, with .fifth part more of liquidated penalty in case of failure; for Barons of ex which payments so made, the lord chief baron, and other ba chequer to ons of the said court, or any three of them, are hereby im &tvc )Owered, authorised, and Required to execute, on behalf of hrs Majesty, his heirs and successors, and all others concerned, and: o deliver to those from whom the money is received, full and iraple receipts, discharges, and renunciations of'the said mo 1 Odd 3 ney.

74$ Anno vicesimo quarto georgii III C gfi Xif i

pey, principal and interest, o paid according ro Ih* jtorite prescribed by the law of Scotland far discharging and renouncing hcrctable debts and real encumbrances in that part of ilia unnod kingdom; which receipts discharges, and renunciations, shall V be good, valid, and fuffiijient acquittances, in the. same |

ner, and as effectually, to all intents and purposes, a if they I had been granted by his Majesty, his heirs or iqqceflor*; aify law or usage to th contrary notwithstanding.. ...^;

moneys, XIII And be it enacted by the authority qfore&du That s^fhe^cxciie*^ moneys, when paid into the court of exchequer as efore quer, how to shall be forthwith by, order of the court, lodged inh'ifee dij(^qfe4 of, royal hank or bank of Seotiandy or in any of the pobbek foods, for such interest as can be obtained for the same, tiff other wbe ditposed of, in manner after directed.

XIV And whereat tin barony and estate of Strowan, which formerly belonged to Alexander Robcrtfon of Strowan, became forfeited to the crown by a decree or [entente of forfeiture faffed i ike parliament of Scotland, in the year one ihmjand six hundred and I ninety, subjefl to the debts then owing by the [aid Alexander, Reunion, and the estate was afterwards given b/uk to his fomiy % andj having come into his pojfijfion % new debts were tontradfad fij him $ but he having again commuted treasony and been attainted tie gift was recalied, and the ejlate declared efibeat % and, by a ckeufe in the [aid al of the twenty fifth year of the reign of his Ute Afefofay was annexed un&ienably to the crown andrnone of the debts have yet been paid: and whereas the [aid Alexander Robcrtfon* late of {51 rowan, is now deady without having left issue lawful f his tody and the invefiitures of the [aid estate before the forfeiture fieaddu favour f heirs mtfte\ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, fli* Majesty That it (hell and may be lawful to his tojajerty, his heirs and th successors, to give, grant, and dispone to lieutenant Colonel suowant^c. Alexander Robertfony of the eighty second regiment of foot the forfeited by*peqreft heir male of the .fai& Alexander Robertfxny and hre heirs the attainder and assigns, all and every the barony of strcuxuty and other sf^rderr ^hds, tenements, and hereditaments, which became for srojantto sated by attainder of the said Alexander Robertson and which beot. col. were annexed to the crown as afpresaid; subject always to, and

Alexander chargeable with, the payment, tq the creditors of the said de

ruber^son; ceased Alexander Robertson of all the just and onerous debt due

pi northeast him, whether contracted before his forfeiture or afterwards d*bu with in an accumulation of inteieft on the debts contracted before U; rest, '" she forfeiture, as qt Chriflmq^ one thousand seven hundred and fifty two j and likewise with the burden of paying the debts contracted by Margaret Robcrtfon> sister to the said deceased

Alexander who sometime pofllffed the estate as a tru&ceioc the (family | the said lieutenant colonel Alexander Rohertjin^ and his firefaids, being bound to relieve the crown and the pubbefc of all clajms and demands whatever at the inftadee of these ett d*tors.

XV And whereas before the attainder the send efiates of ard kipj<jch(noyd^r?» i^bgary, .end part of fie ofiau of

chicl,

1784*1 Anno vldcsimo quarto Georgii III C 57. 747

thies, tutrf bcldtn ofiht dikes of Argyle and Athol, as,

from whom tidy were acquired by the publicity in virtue of powers given by the aforesaid ably faffed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his hue Majesty\ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That k shall artd may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and His Majesty foefceffors, to give, grant, and dispone to John iukt of Argyle, "ia5r grant the his heirs and assigns, the superiorities aforesaid of the said lands and estates of Ardfhcaly Kinlocbmoydarty and part of Lochiely which estates to the were formerly held of his predecessor, he or they always pay duke of ar ing into the said court of exchequer the sum of two hundred Jp1.** 'holland three pounds, eleven Shillings, and five pence, and six pawngcermrin twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, for Ard fumsiotothc Jhtali the sum of one hundred and fifty-two pounds, five hil exchequer; lings, and sixpence, and six twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, for Kinlochmoydart \ and the sum of one thousand two hundred and eighteen pounds, four Shillings, and five pence sterling, of principal money, (or Lochiel; being the sums which his predecessor received as the value of these fupc riorities; and in like manner, that it shall and may be lawful and the fu to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, to give, grant, and dispone to John duke of Atholy his heirs and assigns, the superiority thttluk eo? of the said estate oilochgary, formerly held of his predeceilbr, Athol, on a he or they always paying into the said court of exchequer the similar condu sum of one thousand six hundred and seventy four pounds, fif tl0u* teen Shillings, and six twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, for the same, being the value which nis predecessor received; these several sums to be paid at the term of ivhitfunday in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, with interest'for the same, at the rate of five per centum per imnunty from the term of martihmasy one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, till the time of payment, with a fifth part more in name of penalty in case of failure; and the receipts, discharges, and acquittances for the same, to be granted in manner before directed

XVI And whereasy for the relief of certain smaller vafjatsy who held their lands and heritages of some of those attainted personsy from the expense and burden of making up their tjtles by precepts from the chancery, and charters from the crown, an act was passed in the

fecotld year of the reign of his present Mqjefly, intituledy An act for Recital of % relief of the vassals of the several estates which are or may be an Geo. 3. C 17. hexed to the crown, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty*fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty; and for carrying the purpofos of the said act more effectually into execution; xvhichy inter alia, empowered the commissioners and trufiees for managing 'the said efiatet to receive resignationsy and grant new charters containing precepts of fafmey and also to grant all other charters precepts of clare constat, and other writings whatsoevery necessary or'competent for completing the titles of the foresaid vassals, their heirs and fingidar successwsy in their lands and other heretages respectively, to be held fiu or blench of his Majesty, his heirs and Juceejfbrsy in the same yeay and manner as the said lands and heretages west then bolden'y or

P d d 4. might

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 57- [*7#4.

might be hoi Jen of his Majesty; and which chartett9 precepts of fs jine % end precepts of clare contitar, to be granted by such cettirnhjfioriers and iiujlcti, were thereby declared to be as valid and effectual to the [aid vassals, their heirs and finguhr juceejfvrs, for completing their infrftments in their lands and heritages ajoresaid, as if the aid fest meats had proceeded upon charters and precepts under the Jidl appointed by the treaty of union to be hept in Scotland in place of the great feau or upon precepts from the chancery: and it was further deed red, that tfye compsjiticns payable by theje small vajfals should be, applied by the said commijji oners for the same uses and purposes as the du: cr rents, profits, and cafudliies of the said annexed estates; pro vied always, that it Jboufd be competent to the vassals of the said cjlates, their heirs and fngular successors, or any of them, if they Jloould third ft, to make up their titles to their respective lands by precepts from the chancery, or charters "under the seat, in the same way and manner as was competent to aether vajf d.s of the crown: be Certain yaffils if therefore enacted by the authority afaresaid, That such of the ct the eitate* said vauals of the estates of Path, Cronfarty, or Strowan, as have to be^onil^* it12c^e UP t^eir titles by special services and precepts from the dtrrd as'chancery, or by charters from the crown, since the forfeiture, crow vassals. and their fucceflfors in the lands mentioned in such services, precepts, or charters, shall be considered.as crown va&te to all intents and purposes, and shall not now be obliged to hold of the subject fupeijorsj without prejudice, however, to their being obliged to pay their feu duties to those superiors j but that all others who formerly held their lands under the owners of any of the said forfeited estater, shall still continue as fub vatials under those persons in whose favour the said eftdres are now to be granted 5 and the said act of his present Majesty is hereby repealed, so far as it giyes them an option to Jiold of the crown.

XVII /pnd whereas, in virtue of powers given by an act passed fj Gfo. 3.c.33. in the fxtb year cj the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to enable his Majesty to exchange the lands of Fernan and LIX in the county of Pcrthy for other lands belopging to the right honourable John earl of Breadslbane, cailed pitkeuony, in the said county ol ret thy the lands of Fernan, part of the annexed ejiatc of Strowan, and the lands of LIX part of the annexed cjlate tj/" Perth, were difpmcd to the Jcid John carl^Breadalbanc, in exchange for certain parts of the ejlate <?/'pitkellony, in the parish <?/ Muthil and county of Perth, which lands j/'pitkeilony He contiguous to, and aim of fur rounded by the cjtate of Perth; be it enacted jlist.isjefly by the authority atorefuid, That the said excagibion shall re mav grant the main cffcdual and binding upon all parties; and the fi*id lands lands of Pit of Pukdlony, as particularly described in the as aforesaid, with wuh tjthes and pertinents, being now considered as a part of the

of Perth CC atp f Perth, it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his J heirs and successors, to give, grant, and dispone the same to the person who obtain the grant of the said estate of Perth, such petfon, and his foresaids, always paying; o the said lieutenant colonel Alexander Robcrtfon^ and Ms fprefaids, at the term

of

784.] Anrvo vicefinao quarto Georgii III 0/57, 749

f lvh\tfunday, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the urn of three thousand nin6 hundred and seventy nine pounds, hirteen Shillings, and nine pence sterling, being the sum at which the lands of Fcrnan, part of the eftare of Strowan, were alued at the date of the excambion, with intereu thereof, at he rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the term of Martinmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, until ayment, with a fifth part more of liquidated penalty in case of allure.

XVIII And be it enabled, that where any of the said estates Clauserelative low intended to be restored are held of subject superiors, the to those eiiateo several peffons, their heirs or assigns, in whose favour the grants of'hibf^fu' ire to be made, shall be entitled to receive their first charters, pcriors# n virtue of the dispositions by his Majesty, from the said fub efl superiors of whom the lands are respectively held, for pay nent of no higher dues or casualties than are usually given ipon entries of heirs, or than those persons would be obliged 0 pay if they were entering as heirs to their several prede: eflbrs.

XIX And whereas by the said act of the twenty-fifth of his late Majesty, and by the commissmers and inf ru ft ions 'afterwards granted y his Majesty to the said board of trufees, power was given to the % aid trufees to grant feus and leases of the said efatesy and of parts m.d.. portions of them, under certain conditions and restrictions therein peeijied: and whereas a variety of such feus and leases have accord ngly been granted by ibe said board, some of which, particularly of he leases, may not have been formally completed, but may yet sand upon minutes and resolutions of the boards though possession may have 'allowed, or the parties rriay have bona side relied upon such minutes m.d.. resolutions as binding; be it enacted. That nothing in this ijfl contained shall be understood as affecting the validity of any uch feus or leases which have been thus entered into, and are wnafde.binding on the parties, though not regularly completed

formal deeds, without prejudice always to any challenge which the said grantees, or any of them, may have to any of: he said feus or leases as unduly made, contrary to the powers, egulations, or conditions, specified in the said a of the twenty lifth of his late Majesty, or the commissions or instructions fol owing thereupon, or where the conditions may not have been duly implemented.

XX And provided always, and be it hereby declared. That where any of the said feu rights contain clauses of redemption, mpoweting the board of trustees in any event to redeem them, he same power of redemption shall be competent to the several grantees.

XXI And be it enacted, That the said grantees shall have r: ght to the rents and profits of the said respecfiive lands and lieretages for crop one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, ?nd all succeeding years and crops; but the arrears of rent and arher profits due, or which may become due, for the said lands and herejaggs for crop one thousand seven hundred and eighty

four

This aet not

to affect the validity of feus or leases granted by the board of truttees, in pursuance of the a

*5 geos, C

Powers of redemption competent to grantees.

Grantees to havt* rents and profits of said lands for crop 1785. and all iucceeding years.

75# Aftttd vicesimo quarto gzo&gii III 0.5^. J

four and all proceedings, shall be directed to be called inland I levied by the said lord chief baron and other barons of the court! of exchequer and shall make a part of the general fund m tfcdg, | bands, and who shall likewise grant difchafges and acquittances I for the same, and shall be entitled to sue for payment'of ku moneys directed by this act to be paid in to them, accortbngfo the usual forms of law.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*

& That the aforesaid board of trustees shall be difcoatsnuext'fom thtftees to be and after the term of Martinmas one thougmd seven hundred wfeontinued and eighty-four, and the whole commissions to officers and tftaart* lc others employed under the board are hereby declared to be wold island of no effect from that period.

XXIII But in respect that some of theft officers have bun bag ih that fetvite, and have devoted a great part of their time and tndujify for years pass in attending diligently and faithfully to the duties their several flattens under the fold board; be it therefore

Arirttilties enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the said moneys shay be grant which are to be paid into the court of exchequer in Scotland ed to some of as aforesaid, an*annual sum, not exceeding five hundred and their officers) eighty pounds pet annum in Whole, shall be allowed to the officers and servants now employed at Edinburgh under the said board during their respective lives, subject to the difiribution of the lord chief baron and other barons of the said court of ex cheque

XXIV Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That the share to be given to each shall ccafe and expire upon the death of the person receiving it, and shall not be continued to the for vivors or survivor; and the said lord chief baron, and other barons of the exchequer, are hereby authorised and impoweted to take the aififtance of fuel) person or persons as they judge necessary iri executing the bufiriefs committed to them, and to

tnake such person or persons a reasonable Compcnfatioa forhis or their trouble out of the said fund.

sft^gemerits XXV And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all idirie under engagements which have already been come under fey the bvthfcboard, board, and have been confirmed by royal warrant before the b^o^wtr* pan l^s a shall^fulfilled and carried into execu ber ion*baron, and other barons of the said

fulfilled. court of exchequer, shall issue warrants for payment of the same, and of the expenses of passing this a, and of the afiore said sums.to the officers, out of the first arid readied of the said sums coming into their hands, and lodged in the said royal bank or bank of Scotland, or iri any of the public funds as aforesaid.

Preamble XX VI And vdbefeds d proper and safe repofttory for containing ^stor^for^ Ynor^ Scotland is much tyantej, qnd would be of great pul the°rccords of && utility and for that purpose a large building of fione mas begin Gotland is to be erefled several years ago In the new extended royalty of edta ffiueh warned, burgh; bat the money allotted for it being exhaufied* the same has Hot been completed and it UW require a confidctablt sum tojfnijb ai

>ogie

fthicti fail Seaie upon ftteif deaths.

1794-0 Anno vicesimo quarto glqrgir III C 57. '751

fit'mp ibe said bkitding, ond to providt a fund ftr keeping it in gtod conditionand repair: and whereas, by an act faffed in the eighth ^yedr of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for making Act 8 Geo. j. and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the frith or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carren, in the oounty of Stirling, to the frith or river of c/y<fr, at or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county of Dumbarton; and U a*collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow and for making a navigable ctjt or canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowftownefs, to join the said canal at or mar the place where it will fall into the firth of Forth j the late Jphnditke Bedford, and other persons therein named, and their Juccejjbrs and ajftgns, were united into a company and body corporate, to make q certain navigable cut or canal between the firths or rivers of Forth and Clyde, and a collateral cut to the city of Glasgow; to purchase land, raise money, andltvy tolls and duties for that purpffc: and whereas the eastern branch of the. said canal, from the river Forth to a plate called The flocking Field, and the collateral cut from thence to the city of Glasgow, or neighbourhood thereof, were completed federal years ago, but the funds contributed oy the subscribers, or raised upon the credit of their tolls, have been entirely exhausted, and a considerable sum of debt remains due by them, 'and the wejlern branch of the said canal from its present termination to the river Clyde, at or near Dalmuir Burnfoot, cannot be executed without a considerable aid from the public: and whereas the said navigation, if completed, must at all times, but particularly in time of war, be of the great eft importance to the trade of Great Britain and Ireland, by opening an easy communication between the east and west seas: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the lord Btronsof the chief baron, and other barons of the said court of exchequer, exchequer to shall, out of the films coming into their hands, and lodged as pay certain aforesaid, so soon as conveniently may be after paying or re co^ettnz*taining what is necessary for answering the feverabpurposes al the said repo ready mentioned, pay, or cause to be paid, unto the trustees to fitory, and be named by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, for super towards corn intending or overseeing the. said register office, the sum of fif ncjc teen thousand pounds sterling; and to the company of proprie Clyde navigators of the said Forth and Clyde navigation, or their cashier, the tion. film of fifty thousand pounds sterling, towards completing the said works.

XXVII And be it further enacted. That the ftid films of From "ha fifteen thousand pounds sterling, and fifty thousand pounds sterling, shall be paid as aforesaid, with interest upon them, interest, shall from the term of Martinmas, in this present year one thousand be paid, feveo hundred and eighty-four, and without any deduction whatsoever

Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That the said company of proprietors, of that Forth and Clyde naviga to"wl' tion shall make no dividends from the revenues of the said makeno diyi canal, till the whole debts which they at present owe, or here dends until au after may (pntraft in carrying on and flnishing the fi*id under there <*«bts

X'T taking,

Interest due to the proprietors to be accumulated and added to the principal, C

vicesimo quarto, Georgii III a 57. £17*4.

taking, shall be paid and discharged; and (hereafter the free annual revenue or proceeds arising out of the tohs and other profits of the canal shall be regularly applied in manner after mentioned.!

XXIX And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the interest already due to the several proprietors of the hid navigation upon the sums subscribed and paid in by them, from the respeaive periods when these form were paid, fhafi be accumulated and added to the principal as at the term of Martinmas in this present year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the whole money so accumulated (had from thenceforwards be considered as the stock'of the company*and and so soon as thp debts due by the company shall be fully paid as before direaed, the said company shall be obliged to apply the said free annual produce of the canal in making regular dividends to the said accumulated dock of the company and to the said fifty thousand pounds, in an equal proportion, a faffi cient fund being always retained for answering contingent ex pences and repairs; which dividends for the said fifty thousand pounds shall be paid into the said court of exchequer in Sat land.

The company to deliver into the exchequer, annually, 311 ab firaft of their books, (hiw« jug ihs Itate of th .ir fundi ami debts,

XXX And be it erraaed by the authority aforesaid. That the said'company of proprietors shall deliver into the said court of exchequer once every year, an abftraa from the company's books, shewing the precise state of the company's funds and debts, as well as the gross revenue of the canal, and dedu&kffis therefrom, for the preceding year; which abftraa shall befign CD by the proper officer, and by a quorum of the committee of managers for the company refidem at Edinburgh ot gtofg9w\ and the lord chief baron, and other barons of the fwd court of exchequer, shall likewise, if they find it proper, cause the books themselves, or attested copies thereof, to be produced to them

Proprietors of the navigation, when they begin the western branch of the canal, may borrow money on credit of the said 50, 0000!.

by the officer who has the custody of them, who shall make oath to the justice of the same, if required; and it shall be in the power of the said court to ifllie every kind of process nd compulfitory competent against accomptants in exchequer and debtors to the King, for compelling the managers of the said company to deliver the said annual abftraas, and pfoduaion of the books when the court shall think it necessary, and likewise to prevent the payment of dividends till the debts are cxiin guifsted, and thereafter to obtain a proportion able payment of dividends for the said.sum of fifty thousand pound as aforesaid, when the lord chief baron and other barons or arty three of them, shall be entitled to receive and discharge the same.

XXXI And be it enacted, ( That it shall and may be lawful for the said company of proprietors of Forth and Clyde navigation, so soon as they begin to execute the said western branch of the canal, to borrow and raise money on the credit of the said fuftt of fifty thousand pounds, and to assign their right to or interest in the same, in the whole or in part, as they may think proper, o such person or perfo&s who shall advance money on the security

1784-] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III C 57.'753

curity of the same; which alignments, when intimated ta the Kings remembancer in the said coqtt of exchequer, or Ivis deputy, and recorded in his office, shall beheld as complete a transferees of the right or interest so conveyed;

and in case of repayment or extinction of the debt so contracted, tbedifd^rgpg.and acquittances for the Came shall be recorded in the fetnc manner.

XXXII ad whereas the sum to .be.paid into the said court of.

exchequer by th severed per sins before tkenticaed, in eonfideralien of the, annexed ejlqtej being restored my happen not ta be exhausted by the fiver, al applications already specified; hie it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the balance of money foto be paid iq shall Surplus of the rppi^in tinder the care of the said court of exchequer in Scotland, to je

to fa lodged in one or other of the said public banks or pub exchequer, C lick, fundjs, fobject to the future disposition of parliament. i, 0w to be ap

XXXIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That plied,

when any dividends shall arise.frojn the said fifty thousand Dividends ppunds before mentioned, the same shall be applied towards from the joking and repairing the rods and bridges itvtbe Highlands of jpp]je°d't^ be Scotland, to which public aid has hitherto been found necessary w^s repair to be granted in the annual votes of parliament. ing the roads,

XXXIV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the the said a of.the twenty-fifth year of the feign of his late Ma Highlands, jesty, yihereby the several estates already mentioned were an^nexled to the crown, (bail be, and the same is hereby repealed; '41 p

apd all and every the said lands, lprdship$, baronies, tithes, al mpo and other fishings, and other like heretages and estates Whatsoever, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty*the attainder of the several persons herein before named,

shall from henceforth be difannexed from the imperial crown of these realms, in the same manner, and as fully and effectually, as if the said act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his said late Majesty bad never been made; anything in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV Saving to all and every person and persons, bodies General say politic and corporate, his, her, and their heirs, successors, ing. executors, and administrators (other than and except the king's

most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors)) such estates, rights, titles, interests, claims, and demands, of, into, and out of the lands and premises to be granted as aforesaid, as they, every or any of them had before the passing this act, or should or might have held or enjoyed, in case this act had peyer been made.

XXXVI And be it further enacted, That this act shall be Public act. deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially noticed as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever.

Anno vleesimo quarto Georgii III C 58 —

CAP. LYIH.

An act to indemnify such per font as have omitted to fuali/y

for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the or others who have omitted to regifier or deliver in tions wit bin the time limited by la, for giving further tme for tbofepurpcft\; and to indemnify members and in

cities, corporations', and borough admiffioas^. hast

been omitted to be stamped actor ding to law, Saving bien

stumped, have been lost or mifiaidi

provide admffions duly stamped 5 and to give lime On

personsas have omitted to make and file of the execution

of indentures of clerks to, attorneys and solicitors j' or to'pay the duties on the indentures end controls of clerks, apprentices or servants — — enlarged to Dec. 25, 1784.

CAP. LIX

An act for extending, amending, and altering the powers of an act,

made in the eighth year of the reig of his present Majrjiy, intituled, An act for making; and maintaining a navigable cat canal from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carton, in tb? county of Stirling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dabnuir in

the county of Dumbartonj and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow, and for making a navigable cut r canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowfiouttnefs, to join the said canal at or near the place where it will fall into ths firth of.

CAP. LX

An act for raising money to discharge debts contrasted on of

the poor within the parish of Christchurch, the county of Middlesex; for repairing and enlarging the present werkhouse of the said parish j and for further regulating the manner of rating to the poor, appointing overfters, and preserving all auouuts relating

to the offices of churchwarden and ovtrfter of the poor and treasurer, of the same parish.

CAP. LXI

An act for amending several roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright lanejd/i^ from Endow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in tie efianty tj Oxford.

CAP. LXII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act

1784.3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III c. 63 - 67. 755

for repairing and widening the road from jtlford to Bojlon^ and from thence to Cowbridge, uvthe county of Lincoln,

CAP. LXIII

An ar to amend and render more, effectual so much of two acts* made'in the femd and twelfth years of the reign of hisjrefent Mojejly, for repairing, widening, and altering several roads leading. from Tavifioek to Plymouth, and other places in the county of Devon and for repairing and widening the road from the guildhall, in Tavifioek aforesaid, through Matthew jlreet and Lower brtok street to Cherrybrook* and to Dunna Bridge Pound, and from the Callington turnpike road to Mtnvtlltom and 'New Quay in the said county, as relates to the toads leading frotn the lower market hoyfe* in Tavistock aforesaid to Old Town Gate, in Plymouth aforesaid and from m&nadoft Cate, to the Old Pound, near Plymouth Dpck.

CAP. LXIV

An act to enlarge the term ahd powers of an cfl passed in the third year of his present mayejly King George the Third, for amending and widening several roads leading from or near the north end of the town and borough of Totnes in the county of Dev**

CAP. LXV

An act for completing widening and keeping in repair the road from Rowd Ford, through the Devizes market place to sheppard's Shord; and from the eafi end 0/* Devizes to the top of Red Hone, in the county of W ilts; and for changing and altering part of the said road,

CAP. LXVI

An act for amending widening and keeping in repair the roads leading from the meeting house in the parish tf/llanegwad; to the lime kilns in'the parish of Llanddarog; and from dan yr all ift the said parish of Llanegwad, to ront y berem in the parifi of Llaogendeirne, in the county of Carmarthen.

CAP. LXVII

An act for repairing and widening the road from the fbambles in the borough of Plymouth, in 'the county of Devon, through Franks fort Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge j and from the west end of the'said bridge to the inner barrier gate next the play house in the parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said county; for lighting, watching and watering the said road; and for regulating the Bonis and fares of carriages uftng the same.

---

756 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III c. 68 - 70. [1784.

CAP. LXVIII

An act for repealing an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain places called The Broad Oak, in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the county palatine of Lancaster; for making more effectual provision for repairing and widening the said roads; and also for making, altering, and widening the road from a place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence through Hilton Lane, n Dawson Lane End; and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said county.

CAP. LXIX

An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several roads in the counties of Radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other roads in the said counties.

CAP. LXX.

An act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the county of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta. Bridge, in the county Palatine of Lancaster and from Bracken Bar Gate, near Askrigg, in the county of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby Kendal; and also the road from the Four Lane Ends in Marthwaite, to the turnpike road on Grayrigg House, leading from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, in the said county of Westmorland.

END OF VOL. XXXIV.

ADVERTISEMENT.

Although it is mentioned in the Title-Page of the first Part of the Index to these Statutes, that it is continued only to the End of the Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain anno 1761, (which includes the first Year of King George III.) — And the Continuation of the Index specifies, that the same commences and is brought down from the fourth Year of King George III to the 21st of his Reign inclusive — Yet the Reader may be assured, that there is no Chasm or Deficiency, but that all the intervening Acts of the second and third Years of this Reign are included in the said first Part of the Index, the same having been carefully collated by the Editor.

