THE

Statutes at large,

irgjjfe.

Anno ,QuadrageJim6Wrimo

GEORGII III. REGIS

BEING THE

FIRST SESSION of the FIRST PARLIAMENT

OF THE

UNITED KINGDOM

OP

GREAT BRITAIN and IRELAND.

VOL. XLIIL PART I.

• •

THE

Statutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

TO THE END OF THE

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, E%,

Reader of the Law Le&ure to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XLIII.

Cam&rioge,

PRINTED BV JOHN BURGES PRINTER TO THE UNIVERSITY}

(By Alignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurft,)

POR 3. JOHNSON, IN ST. PAUl/s CHURCH-YARD, G. G. & J. ROBINSON, tN PATER-NOSTER row, and d. ogilvy Sc son, no. 315, HOLBORN, LONDON. l8oi.

CUM P nTVTT.K n T r\

A

E

T A B L

OF ALL THE

STATUTES

Failed in the Forty-firft Year of the Reign of hi*

Majefty

KING GEORGE the THIRD*

Being the First Seffion of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

Cap. i. A N a& to fufpend, until the twenty-fifth day of fX March one thoufand eight hundred and one, fo much of an a<ft made in the laft feflion of parliament^ intituled. An act to prevent until the sixth day {/"November one thoufand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of fix weeks from the commencement of the then next feffton of parliament, the manufaftur* ing of any fine flour from wheat or other grain, and the making of any bread folely from the fine flour of wheats and to repeal an aft faffed in the thirty sixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, for permitting bakers to make and fell certain forts of breads and te make more effeftual proviflon for the fame*, as relates to other grain than wheat; and for indemnifying perfons who may have drefled, fold, or ufed any meal or flour of fuch other grain finer than i$ prefcribed by the faid

Cap. 2. An a<ft to repeal an made in the laft feflion of

Parliament, intituled. An act to prevent, until the sixth day of November one thoufand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of fix weeks from the commencement of the then next feflion of parliament, the manufafturing of any fine flour from wheat or other grain, and the making of any bread folely from the fine flour of wheats and to repeal (in aft pajfed in the thirty sixth year of the

You XLIU.	a	reign

A TABLE of the STATUTES

reign of bis prefent Majefty for permitting haters to make and Jell Ur tain forts of breads and* to mate more tfftfiual provifton for the fame\ and to indemnify millers and other perfons who have drefTed, fold, or ufed any meal or flour of a finer defcription than allowed by the faid ad.

Cap. 3. An ad for railing the fum of twenty-eight millions by way q£ annuities.

Cap. 4. An ad to enable tfee lords commiffioners qf his Ma-jefty’s treafury to iffue exchequer bills, on the credit of fuch aids or fupplies as have been or fhall be granted by parliament, for the service of the year one thoufand right hundred and one.

Cap. 5. An ad to enable his Majefty to grant a certain annuity to captain fir Sidney Smith, in eonfideretion of the eminent fervices which he has rendered during his command on the coaft of Egypt.	^

Cap. 6. An ad for increafing the number of field officers of the feveral regiments' of fnilftia in IrelandI

Cap. 7/An ad for repealing the rates and duties of portage in Great Britain, and granting pther rates and duties in lieu thereof, and: on, letters, conveyed to or from any per* of the united kingdom from or to any place out of the faid kingdom,

• and by packet boats frpxq or to the ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven.

Cap. 8. An ad for granting to his Majefty certain additional duties on paper, pafteboard, millboard, and fcalebbard, made in or imported into Great Britain $ and on tea imported into and fold in Great Britain*

Cap. 9. An ad for granting to his Majefty certain additional duties on horfe? in Great BHtainr] and for exempting from duty, horfes kept for the purpofe of hufbandry, by perrons holding forms under a certain value.

Gag. iq, An ad for granting to fiis Majefty additional ftamp duties pn bills of exchange, promiflory- notes, and fnfiuances,} 'qnd on cqrt^jlindentu.re% leafes, bon$* gr other cfeed^.

Cap* 11.. Ajnu ad for pupifhing mitfipy and deferfion j and for the better payment of the army apd their quarters..

Cap. 12. Ah ad, tp. amend an ad, made in*the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,	afl	to

permit: bakers to male and fell certain forts of bread - .	'

Cap* 13? An ad for increafing the. bounties granted by an of the laft feflion of parliament, on flour imported front Jmerica^ in {hips which fhall have cleared out between certain periods.

Cap. 14. An ad for amending and further continuing, until thg twenty-fourth: day of June one thoufaod eight hundred and one, two ads, parted in tnat part of the united kingdom called Ireland, in the thirty-ninth ana fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the fuppreffion of the rebellion, which ftjll extfts within that kingdom, and for the protediqn of the perfons and properties of his M.ajefty’s faithful fubjeds within the fame. Cap. 15. An a& tp.continue, until the twenty-fourth day of

, June

(Public General) 41 GEO. Ill,

%r«r-o ne thou (and eight hundred and one, an act made in the laft feffion of the parliament of Ireland* intitule^, An act to em»

?ower the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of reland, to apprehend and detain fuch perfons as he or they /ball fuf* peft for -confpiring againjl bis Majeflfs perfon and governments Cap, 16. An act to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two, the making of malt and the diftilling of fpirits from corn or grain in Ireland.

Cap, 17. An act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two, certain afts of the laft feflion of the parliament of Ireland, for granting duties to bis Majefty.

Cap, 18. An act for the regulation of.his Majefty’s marine forces while on ihore, until the twenty-fifth day of March om thoufand eight hundred and two.

Cap, 19. An act for reviving and continuing until the first day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and one, fo much of an act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the reducing and better collefting the duties payable on the importation of ftarch; for reviving, continuing until fix weeks after the commencement of the next* feffion of parliament, and amending an act made in the thirty-ninth year of* the reign of his prefent Majefty, for enabling his Majefty to permit goods to be imported into Great Britain* in neutral (hips: for reviving, and continuing until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and four, and from thence until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the (hen next feftion of parliament, an act made in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for authorifing his Majefty to make regulations refpefting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope; and for reviving and malting perpetual an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for preventing offences in obftrufting, deftroying, or damaging (hips, and in obftrufting feamen and others from purfuing their lawful accu--parions.

Cap. 20. An act to extend, until the twenty-nintlr day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one, the provifions of an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act for the better cultivation, improvement, and regulation of the common arable fields, wajles* and commons of pafture, in this kingdom.> and for encouraging the cultivation of potatoes in open and common field lands.

Cap. -21. An act for permitting Eajl India goods prohibited to be worn or ufed in Great Britain* and warehoufed, in pur-fuance of an act made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to be removed by land carriage to certain, ports, for the purpofe of being exported to the Britijh colonies or plantations ift the Wejl Inches*

Cap. 22. Ah aft to render valid indentures of appr?nticefhip of poor children and others, made upon improper ftamps, upon

sa*	certain

A TABLE of the STATUTES

certain conditions; and to indemnify all perfons who may have incurred penalties thereby*

Cap* 23* An ad for the better colledion of rates made for * the relief of the poor. #

Cap. 24. An ad for the indemnifying of perfons injured bf the forcible pulling down and demolifhing of mills, or of works thereunto belonging, by perfons unlawfully and riotoufly aftecnbled.

Cap. 25**'An ad for the better regulation of the office of matter of the rolls, in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland; and for augmenting the falary annexed to the faid office.

Cap. 26. An ad:, for reviving and further continuing, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, feveral ads, made in the thirty-eighth, thirty-ninth, and fortieth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and in the laft . feffion of parliament, for empowering hfe Majefty to fecdre and detain fuch perfons as his Majefty (hall fufped are confpiring , againft his perfon and government.

. Cap. 27. An ad /or granting to his Majefty a certain fum* of money for the service of Great Britain, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 28. An ad for granting to his Majefty certain duties, of cuftoms on timber, fugar, raifins, and pepper, imported into, and on lead exported from, *Great Britain.

Cap. 29. An ad for granting an additional duty on Englijh fpirits imported into Scotland^ and for allowing, until forty days after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, the dittillation of fpirits in Scotland, from melattes or fugar, at a lower rate of duty.

Cap. 30. An ad to revive and continue, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, an ad, made in the thirty^fixth year of the reign of his prpfent Majetty, Intituled, An act for the more^ffeftually preventing /editions meet* ings and affemblies.

Cap. 31. An ad to revive and continue, until the fifth day of fuly one t^oufand eight hundred and one, an ad, made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An act for jhortening, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and me% the time of keeping in Jleep, for malting^ barley damaged by rain in the lafl harvejl.

Cap. 32. An ad for granting to his Majefty feveral fums of money for defraying the charge of certain permanent fervices in that pact of the united kingdom called Ireland.

Cap.'33. An ad for repealing certain duties upon tea imported into Ire/andi and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for granting additional duties on fugar and coals imported into Ireland.

Cap. 34. An adt for granring bounties on the importation into Ireland of wheat, barley, rye, oats, and indian corn, and *>f jbat!ey, rye, oats, indian meal, and wheaten flour and rice.

Cap,

(Public General) 41 GEO. Ifl.

Cap* 35. An aA for encreafing the rates of fiibfiftence td be J>aid to inn-keepers and others on quartering foWiers.

Cap.-36. An a A for enabling the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor dr governors of Ireland, to prohibit for a limited time, fo as-fuch prohibition (hall not endure beyond the expiration of fix weeks from the commencement of the next (effort of parliament, the exportation from Ireland of corn or potatoes, and of all provifions whatfoeVcr; and to permit for fitch limited time the importation into Ireland of corn and fifh, atid all pro* vifions whatsoever, without payment of duty § and for indertmi* fying fuch perfons as have aAed for the service of the publick, in advifmg or carrying into execution certain proclamations of the lord Jieutenant and council of Ireland.

Cap. 37. An a A for making proviiion for the entry and return voyages of certain (hips which may import rice or other grain from the East Indies, and to authorife the importation of rice or other grain into Ireland, in (hips coming direAly from the Eajl Indies•

Cap. 38. An a'A to amend fo much of an aA palled in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An all to repeal an aflpaffed in the laji feffion of parliament, intituleds * An att to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen? and to fubflitute other provifions in lieu thereof \ as relates to the forms of conviAion therein referred to.

Cap. 39. An aA for the more effeAoally preventing the forgery of bank notes, bank bills of exchange, and bank port bills.

Cap. 40. An aA to permit perfons in holy orders to keep one horfe only for the purpofe of riding, without being fubjeA to the duty granted by an aA of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, under certain limitations.

‘Cap. 41. An aA for allowing, until the twentieth day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and one, the importation into Ireland of Britijh and foreign hops at a like duty as is pay-pable in Great Britain for the fame.

Cap. 42. An aA to exempt elephant oil fold by auAion in Great Britain, from the duty impofed on fuch fates.

Cap. 43. An aA for defraying the charge of the pay and doathing of the militia in England, for the year one thoufand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 44. An aA for reviving, continuing until the twentieth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and two, and amending an aA made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ail to repeal the duties on fugar and coffee exported, granted by an all pajfed in the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty*s reign, for allowing Britifti plantation fugar to be tvarehoufed; for reviving fo much of an a& modi in the thtrty-fetonA'year of the riign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the afcertaining the average price of fugar, and regulating the allowance tf drawback on the exportation thereof, and for allowing certain drawbacks on fugar , reported, until the tenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and one.

^ a 3	Cap.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

r

Cap. 45. An ad to continue, until the. twenty-ninth day of September pne thoufand eight hundred and two, feveral laws pafl'ed in the parliament of Ireland, relating to the regulating and extending the tobacco trade, and securing the duties pay-” able on tobacco; to the collecting and securing the duties upon pialt; to the securing .the duties on.audions and glafs bottles, and on paper printed, painted, or ftained to ferve for hangings 1 to the regulating the trade of rectifying fpirits and preventing frauds bj-rectifiers ; to the further improvement of the, fi(frerie9 pn	the coafts of	Ireland; to the better collection of the duties

on	tanned hides	and fltins, and on vellum, .and parchment 3

to the better regulating the granting of permits and certificates for the conveyance of efccifeable goods ; to the regulating the payment of bounties on the exportation of certain manufactures;	*

to the better securing the duties on licences to perfons engaged in certain trades; to the better regulating the collection of his ^lajefty’s revenue, and preventing frauds therein; and to revive and continue until the faid twenty-ninth day of September, an	ad pafled in	the parliament of Ireland irt the thirteenth and	j

fourteenth years	of his prefem Majefty’s reign for granting an-	j

nuities in manner therein provided.	/

Cap. 46. An ad to render valid all ads done in execution I of three feveral orders of his Majefty in council relating to bills of exchange drawn by perfons in Ruffia* and tofreight of Ruf/ia* Swtdifi>r*xi& Danijh (hips.

Cap. 47. An ad to amend and continue until the twenty-, ninth day of September one thbufand eight hundred and t.wo, an I ftd pafled h* Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefer# M,ajefty, intituled. An act for regulating ibe trade of ,a dtf> tiller, and for securing the duties payable on home-made fpirits.	g

Cap. 48. An ad to continue until the twenty-ninth da/of September one thoufand eight hundred, and two,, and amend the feveral laws ia Ireland to regulate the iffuirtg of licences for the fale of wine, ale, beer, cider, and fpirituous liquors by retail, and for preventing the immoderatc^ufe of lpirituous liquors.

Cap. 49. An ad to indemnify perjons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices or employments in. Ireland according to law.

Cap. 50. An ad for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money for defraying the charge of the workhoufe and foundling hospital in Dublin* for the year pne thqqfand eight hundred and 1 one; and for amending an ad,, pafled in the parliament of Ire-band in the fortieth year, of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, AnaftJfor the better management, fupport, and -maintenance of the foundling hospital in Dublin; and for amending and further continuing an aft, pajffid' in tin thirty-eighth year of hit prefent 'Majijlfs reign* intituled* c An act for the better manage* ptent of the workbouje and foundling hospital in Dublin.’

Cap. 5*. An ad to permit Portugal wine to be landed and . vnrebpufed without payment of duties, under certain reftridions, for a limited time*

* f\ Cap.

(Public General) 41 GEO. III.

Cap. 5 a. An a St for declaring what perfons (hall be difabfed from fitting and voting in the houfe of commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandj and alfo for carrying into effedt, part of the fourth article of the union 6f Great ari~ tain and Ireland\ by providing in what cafes perfons holding offices or places of profit under the crown of Ireland, (ball be incapable of being, members of the houfe of commons of the parliament of the faid united kingdom.

Cap. 53. An adt to explain and amend ain adt, palled in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty, intituled, An q8 to repealJo much of an all, faffed in the fecond Jttir of King James the Firf, as prohibits the uft of horfe bides in making boots and Jhoes, and for better preventing the*damaging of raw hides and Jkins in the faying thereof

Cap. 54. An adt to continue, until the fifth ddy of fitly one thoufand eight hundred and two, an ad! patted in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the further encouragement of the trade and manutadtures of thd IJk of Many and for improving the revenue-thereof; and alfo to repeal and amend certain of the provifions of the faid adt.

Gap. 55. An act to revive and continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred 4nd two, fd much of an adt made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as grants certain allowances to adjutants, ferjeant majors, and ferjeants of mihtia, difembodied under an adt of the fame fettion of parliament, and to amend the faid adt. .

Cap. 56. An adt for making allowances id certain dafes to fubaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

Cap. 57. An adt for the better prevention of th6 forgery of the notes and bills of exchange of perfons carrying on the buli-nefs of bankers.

Cap. 58. An adt for grantirig to Ins Majefty; until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred arid two, additional (tamp duties in Ireland, on bonds. Bills of exchange, and promiflory notes, and on certain infurances thereiri mentioned ; and for the relief of perfons in Ireland holding obliga? tory inftruments, called Kerry Boads% which have been exetuted without being duly (tamped.

Caj). 59. An adt for fettling and securing a certain annuity on lady Abtrcromhy baronefs Abercromhy of Aboukir, and the two next perfons to whom the title of baron Abercromhy (hall defeend, in cOnfideration of the eminent merits of the late right honourable general fir Ralph Abercromhy.	\

Ciap. 60. An adt to explain and amend an adt patted in the s thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; intituled, An all to enable }be lords commiffwiers of his Majefly's treafury to afeertain what fum Jhall be paid into his Majefy's exchequer, in full Jatisfaflion of the debt due on the mortgage made by the late John Gardner ICemeys efquire, in truffor the late right honourable Richard Rigby, in cafe it Jhall appear to lie faid lords emmijjioners

a 4	bbai

A TABLE of the STATUTES

that it will be necejfary to refort to the mortgaged premifes, in orde to recover the balance due from the faid Richard Rigby, to hi Majefty.

Cap. 6r. An act for further continuing until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoafand eight hundred and two, an aft palled in the prelent feffion of parliament, intituled, Ant a& for amending and further continuing until the twenty-fourth day of June / one thoufand eight hundred and one, two afts pajfed in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty\ for the fuppreffion of the rebellion which ftitt exijls within that kingdom, and for the protection of the perfons and property of his Majefty* s faithful fubjefls within thelame.

Cap. 62. An act to exempt from the payment of certain duties, fuch members of both houses of parliament ferving fot that part of the* united kingdom called Ireland, and fuch other perfons herein defcribed, as may have only an occafional refi-dence in Great Britain.

Cap. 63. An act to remove doubts refpefting the eligibility of perfons in holy orders to fit in the houfe of commons.

Cap. 64. An act for the further relief of debtors, with refpeft to the imprifonment of their perfohs.

Cap. 65. An act for granting to his Majefty the fum of two hundred thoufand pounds, to be ilfiied and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England^ to be by them placed ter the account of the cothmiffioners for the reduftion of the national debt of Great Britain.

Cap. 66. An act for indemnifying fuch perfons as, fince the first day of February one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-three, have afted in the apprehending, imprifoning, or detaining in cuftody, in Great Britain * of perfons lufpeded of high treafon or treafonable praftices.

Cap. 67. An act to amend fdveral afts for raising a militia force in Scotland.

«Cap. 68. An act for altering the laws flow in force, relating* to the importation and exportation of copper; for repealing certain duties and drawbacks on fuch importation and exportation ; and for fubftituting new duties and drawbacks in lieu thereof.

Cap. 69. An act for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties on certificates for wearing hair powder, or uling armorial bearings, from the commiflioners of ftamps to the commiflioners for the affairs of taxesj and alfo for making further proviiions ih refpeft to the faid duties fo transferred.

Cap. jo. An act for the relief of certain ihfolveht debtors.

Cap. 71. An act for transferring the feceipt and management of the duties on licences for uling Or exercifing the trade and bulinefs of an borfe dealer, from the commillibners of ftamps to the commiflioners for4 the affairs of taxes; and alfo for making further proviiions in refpeft to the faid duties fo transferred.

Cap. 72. An aft fdr extending the period of preference

granted

(Public General) 41 GEO, III.

granted and continued by feveral ads to bodies corporate and perfons for the redemption of the land tax, and to amend an ad of the thirty eight year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax.

Cap. 73. An ad for direding the application of feveral fums granted by parliament to the Dublin fociety, and to the farming « focieties in Ireland.

Cap. .74. An ad for regulating, until the twentieth day of May one thoufimd eight hundred and two, the allowance o( drawback on the exportation from Ireland of Brllijh plantation fugar; and for allbwing certain drawbacks on fugar exported from Ireland\ and for allowing Briiijh plantation fugar to, be Warehoufed in Ireland.

Cap. 75. An ad to permit the exportation of tea to Ireland without payment of any duty, under certain reftridions.

Cap. 76. An ad to authorife the ifluing of commiffions and letters of marque and reprifal againft his Majefty’s enemies to9 fuch (hips and Veflels belonging to his Majefty as are or maybe employed in the service of the boards of cuftotiis and cxcife, and other publick boards in this kingdom.

Cap. 77. An act for allowing, until the first day of Augufi one thoufand eight hundred and two, the importation of certain filh from Newfoundland and the coaft of Labrador, and for granting k bounty thereon.	<

Cap. 78. An ad to extend the powers of an ad, pafled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Sechnd, intituled, An afl for the better securing to conflahles and others the expences of conveying offenders to gaol, and for allowing the charges of poor perfons bound to give evidence againfl felons 1 and for allowing to high conftables, in that part of the. united kingdom called England, their charges in certain cafes*

Cap. 79. An ad for the better regulation of publick notaries iti England.

Cap. 80. An ad to indemnify all perfons who have printed, published, or difperfed, or who (hall publifti or difperfe, any papers printed under the authority of any head officer of ftate, or of publick boards, or other publick authorities, from all penalties incurred by reafon of the name and place of abode of the printer of fuch papers not being printed thereon.

Cap. 8i. Ah ad for enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of two millions for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned;

Cap. 87. An ad for railing the fum of fix millions five hundred thoufand pounds by loans or exchequer bills, for the. service of Great Britain, for the year one thoufand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 83. An ad for raising the fum of three millions by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thoufand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 84. An ad for granting to his Majefty certain (urns of money out of the confolidated fund of Great Britain, and out of the -confolidated fund of Ireland; for applying,certain monies

therein

A TABLE of the STATUTES

therein mentioned for the service of the year one thoufand eight hundred and one; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament.

Cap. 85. An a& for better payment of fines and forfeitures impofed by juftices out of feflion, in England

Cap. 86. Ah aft for granting to his Majefty additional {tamp duties on cards and dice; on probates of wills ; on certain indentures, leafes, bonds, or other deeds; and on ale licences.

Cap. 87. An a& for granting to his Majefty certain duties on playing cards imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 88. An act for providing accommodations in afiize towns for the judges in Ireland, where fuch accommodations are not already provided.	1

Cap. 89. An act for repealing the duty now payable on the importation of ftatues, wrought (tone, and marble, and granting another duty in lieu thereof.

• Cap. 90. An a St for the more fpeedy and eflfeflua! recovery of debts due to his Majefty* his hfcirs and fucceflors, in right of the crown of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for the better adminiftrarion of juftice within the fame.

Cap. 91. An a & for the better regulation and coiltdion of Certain duties of excife.

Cap. 92. An act to alter the bounties payable on wheaten floijr and indian corn imported into Irelandj and for providing a method for recovering the forfeitures created by an aft of this feflion of parliament to prohibit the making of malt, and diftill-ing of fpirits from corn or grain ifi Ireland. •

Cap. 93. An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two, fo much of an aft •made in the prefent feflion of parliament, as permits Briti/b hops to be imported into Ireland at a low rate of duty.

Cap. 94. An act to empower the importers or proprietors of fum or fpirits of the Britijh fugar plantations to' land. th£ fame in Ireland, before payment of the duties of excife charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in warehoufes at their own expence, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and eight.	^

Cap. 95. An act to facilitate the trade and intercourfe between Ireland and the united dates of America, during the continuance of the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation between hisr Majefty and the faid dates.

. Cap. 96. An act for the better regulation of bi$* Majefty’s prize courts in the Wejl Indies and America, and for giving a more fpeedy and effectual execution to the decrees of the lords commiflioners of appeals.

Cap, 97. An act to continue feveral laws relating to encouraging thf fiftrtfies carried on at Newfoundland and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britijh dominions in 'Europe,* Until th?*firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and three; to the further fupport and encouragement of the fifheries carried on ill tht Greenland Seas and Davis9s Streights, until the '	twenty*

(Public General) 41 GEO. life

twenty*fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and two; to the making the port of Saint John's, in the ifland of Antigua, a free port, until the tenth day of July one tlioufaod eight hundred and-five; and to the permitting the importation of goods and commodities from countries in America, belonging to any fofeign European fcvereign or (late, in neutral {hips, until the end of the war, and fix months after the figning the definitive treaty of. peace; for reviving and further continuing, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and fix, an act made in the twenty-ninth year of his late majesty King George the Second, for granting a. bounty upon certain' fpecies of Britijh and Irijh linens exported, and taking off the,duties on importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax.; for reviving, continuing until the fifth day of April one thoufand. eight hundred and two, and amending an act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the more effeftual encouragement of the Britijh fisheries ; and for making perpetual fo much of an act made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty as relates to afcertaining the ftreogth of fpiiits by Clarke's Hydrometer•

. Cap. 98. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and clbathing of the militia of Ireland, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 99. An act for granting bounties for taking and bringing fifh to the cities of London and IVeflminJler, and other places in the united kingdom.

Cap. ioo. An act to repeal the tax on falaries, profits of employment^, fees, and penfions in Ireland, of perfons not rcfi-dent in Ireland for a certain period.

Cap. 101. An act for regulating, until-the fir ft day of May one thoufand eight hundred and two, the trial of controverted eieftions or returnslof members to ferve in the united parliament of Great Britain and Ireland> for that part of the united kingdom called Ireland $ and for regulating the qualifications of members to ferve in the faid united parliament..	•

Cap. 102. An act to ftay, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two, proceedings in aftions under the ftatute of King Henry the Eighth for abridging fptri-tual perfons from having pluralities of livings, and from taking offerms.

Cap. 103. An act to empower his Majefty to regulate the trade and commerce to and from the ifle of Malta until the figning a definitive treaty of peace, and from thence until fix weeks after the next meeting of parliament; and to declare the ifle of Malta to be part of Europe.

Cap. 104. An act for indemnifying fuch perfons as have afted fiivce the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand seven hundred and nine^-nine, for the prefervation of the publick peace, and fuppreflion of infurreftions and rebellion prevailing in feveral diftrift? of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland* .

Cap.

A 'fABL.fi of the STATUTES

Cap. 105. An act to authorife the judges to whom petition* for certain bills (hall be referred, to examine witneffes upon oath.

Cap. 106. An act to fecure certain perfons born within the territories of France, and other perfons therein defcribed, from jmprifonment for debts contracted in parts beyond the feas, other than the dominions of his Majefty.

Cap. 107. An act for the further encouragement of learning* in the united kingdom of Great Britain	Ireland,	by fecuring

the eopies and copy-right of printed books, to the authors of fuch books, or their affigns, for the time herein mentioned.

Cap. 108. An act for enabling hi^ Majefty to grant commit-y £ons for executing an act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An d£t for the better prefervation of timber in tht new ferefi in the county of Southampton, and for afcertaining the boundaries of the fetid fortfl, and of the lands of the crown within the famei

Cap. 109. An act for cohfolidating in one aft certain pro* viilons ufually inferted in afts of incloftire; and for facilitating the mode of proving the feveral fafts utually required on the paffing of fuch afts.	• 1

PUBLIC LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

1.	A N aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and front AjL thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament* the term, and altering the powers, of two afts, pafled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majesty King Georgt the Second, and in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Toad from the town of Tadcafter, through Cotlingham, Harewood, Arthingtony and Pools to the town of Utley, ip the weft riding of the county of York.

2.	Ah aft to continue for twenty^one years, and from thence

to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and j alter and enlarge the powers, of two afts, pafled in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Ma- ji jefty, for repairing and widening the road from Cheferfield to the turnpike road at Hernftone Lone Head, and feveral othet roads in the faid afts mentioned, all in the county of Derby.

3.	An act for better enabling the company of proprietors of the Aberdeenjhire canal navigation to complete the fame.

4.	An act for continuing and amending an aft* pafled in the

thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road, from Boroughbridge'in the county St York, to the city of Durfam^ and for more effeftually repairing the faid . road.	*

5. An 1

(Public Local6? Perfonal) 41 GEO. III.

5.	An ad for amending, widening, and repairing, feveral roads in the count}* of Carmarthen.

6.	An ad for continuing the term, and rendering more effc&ual, two ads, made in the fecond and eleventh years ot the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the high road leading from the north end of Bdllingdon Bridge, in Sudbury^ in the county of Suffolk^ to the south gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the laid county; and alfo for repairing and widening the high road leading from the place where the faid south gate formerly flood,, to the place where the north gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly flood.

7.	An ad for enlarging, improving, and regulating, the cattle marke'. within the city and county of the city of Can-terbury.

3.	An ad for making and maintaining a convenient carriage road from the Botley turnpike road, on Curdridge Common, in the parifhof Bipops Waltham, to join the Gofport turnpike road, at or near PilmerhilL, in the parifh of Weft mean, with a branch from the faid road, on Corhampton Downy to the village of Corhampton9 all in the county of Southampton.

9. An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the* powers of two ads, pafled in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from Epfom, through Ewell) to Tooting) and from Ewell to Kihgfton-upon Thames and Thames Diiton, in the county of Surrey; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, # the road from the turnpike road at Ewell\ acrofs Ewell common fields, tp the Ryegote turnpike road on Borough Heath, in the * faid county.

jo. An ad for continuing and amending two ads, feverally pafled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and improving'feveral roads leading to the borough of Launcefton% in the county of Cornwall* and alfo for extending the provifions of the faid ads to the road leading from the weft gate, under Madford, in the borough of Launcefton aforefaid, by Docacre% to the north gate, in the fame borough.

n. An ad for altering, widening, and repairing the road leading from the town and port of Dover to the town and port of Sandwich, through the parifh of Walderpare, and alfo the road from the prefent turnpike road leading from Dover to Barham downs, up Kerfney Court hill, to the parifh of Whitfield other-wife Beausfieldy in the county of Kent.

12.	An ad to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to .the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, a/id alter and enlarge the powers of two ads, pafled in the thirtv-£cond year of the reign* of his late majesty King George the

Second,

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral roads leading to the town of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerfet, and other roads therein mentioned, fo far as the faid afls relate to the faid roads leading to the faid town.

13.	An act to continue the term, and alter and artend the powers of three afts, pafled in the firft, fecond, and twentieth

?ear$ of the reign of his prefent majesty King George the Third, or amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from Fijherton Bridge to the turnpike road at Willoughby Hedge, in Wefi Knoyle, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Wilts*

14.	An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, the | term, and altering and enlarging the powers of twp alts, pafled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for* repairing and widening the road from the city of Peterborough, through Outidle and Thrapfton, ta Wellingborough , in the county of Northampton,, and for repairing and widening feveral other roads near or adjoining thereto.

15.	An act for enlarging the powers or authorities given by an aft, pafled in the thi,rty-feventh year of the reign of his pre-fent Majefty, intituled. An act for the enfranchifement of copyhold and cujlomary lands, parcel of the manor of Arundel, and other manors entailed by the all of parliament of the third of Charles the First 1 and for the fale of tythes alfo entailed by the faid aeft, in order to facilitate the fale of the tythes therein mentioned.

16.	An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, pafled in the twentjr-fixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, apd in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the hand and poft in Upton Field, in the parifh of Buford, in the county of Oxford, to a place in the parifh of Preflon, in the county of Gloucejler, called Dancy s Fancy. '

,	17. Arr aft for levying converfion money in lieu of ftatute

labour, and otherwife regulating, making,, and repairing the high roads in the county of Selkirk.

18,	An aft'for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the* then next feflion of parliament,, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, pafled in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George * the Second, and the nineteenth year of the reign of hrs prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, making commodious,. and keeping in repair the road Jfrom the Crofs Keys, otherwife Bricker’s Barn, in the parifh of Corjham, in the county of Wilts, to Bath Eajlon Bridge, in the county of Somerfot.

19.	An act for continuing for twenty*one years,, and from thence to the end of the then nc& feifion of parliament* the

terfc,

[Public Local £s? Perfonal) 41 GEO. III.

term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two ads, parted in the twenty-fevehth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the twenty-firft year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, through Akejler^ in the (aid county, and Feckenbam, to a place . called Bradley, Brook, in the county of Worcefter, and from Alctfter, through Great Coughton and Grabs Crofs, in the faid county of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane, and Burcott, to to the crofs of hands, on a common called The Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutncll, to Bromfgrove, in the faid county of IVorciJler.	,

20.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term and powers of two ads, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from the city of Carlijle, in the county of Cumberland* to the market and fea port town of Workington, in the faid county, fo far as the fame relate to the road between the town of Cockermouth and Workington aforefaid.

21.	An ad for dividing, allotting, inclofing, draining, and preserving the open fields, marfli lands, commons, fens, and wade grounds, within the parilh of Hickling, in the county of Norfolk.

22. An ad for dividing, allotting, inclofing, draining, and preserving the open fields, marfli lands, commons, fens, and wafte grounds, within the pari flies of Burgh and Billockby, in the county of No*folk.

23.	An ad for enabling the company of proprietors of the Kennel and Avon canal navigation to complete the fame, and for amending tfie feveral ads parted for making the faid canal.

24.	An ad to enlarge the term and powers of two ads, made

in the thirty-third year of tbe reign of his late Majefty, and the twenty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fo far" as relates to the roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and part of the Jedburgh road, by Lauder, in the county of Berwick, to CornkiU, in the county of Durham, and for repairing and amending the roads from Orange Lane, to Stuinton, and from Coldftream,hy Swinton mill, to Mount Pleafant, in the faid county of Berwick.	v

25.	An ad for enlarging'the term and powers of fo much of an ad, palled in the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for repairing the road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glafgow, and certain roads branching from the fame, as relates to the faid road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glafgow, and to the road branching from the aforefaid road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glafgow, and leading

..over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the prefent turnpike road leading to Cumbernauld.

26.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then,next feflion of parliament, the term,

and

A TABLE of the STATUTES

wid altering the powers of two ads, palled in the thirty-firft year of the reign'of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the seventh year of the reign or his prefent Majefty, for amending feveral roads leading from the town of Tiverton in the county of Devon. ,

27.	An* ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feifion of parliament, and for amending, and making more effedual, four feveral ads, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, in the eighteenth and thirty-firft years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the roads from Birmingham» through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgeh'tll, in the county of Warwick, fo far as the fame relate to the road from Birmingham, through Strata ford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, .in the faid (ounty.

28.	An ad to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two ads, palled in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Se- * cond, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the crols at Broken Croft, in Macclesfield, in the county of Chejler;, to the turnpike road at Buxton, in the county of Derby; and for making and keeping in repair certain branches of road to communicate with the faid Macclesfield road.

29.	An ad for enlarging the term and powers of feveral ads, made in the thirty-fecond year of the rei£n of his late Majefty King George the Second, and the fecond, fifth, and nineteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from Oxdown Gate, in Popbam Lane, to the city of Winchefter, and from the faid city, through Hurfiey, to Chandlers Ford, and from Hurfiey aforefaid to the turnpike at Romfey, and from the faid turnpike road, through Ringwood, iothe county pf Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Mdnjler, in the county of Dorfet\ and for amending and widening the road from Ringwood Gate, in the faid county of Southampton, to Wooljbridge, and from a street called The Hundred, at Romfey, through Chil-worth, to the river at Swathling, in the faid county*

30.	An ad for paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the fireets, fquares, lanes, and other publick paflfages and places, within the parilh of Sculcoates, in the eaft riding of the county of Yotk\ and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, encroachments and obftrudions \ and for licenfing and regulating hackney coaches, chairs, porters, Coal carriers, and water carriers, trucks, carts, and'other carriages, within the faid parilh*

31.	An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Thames, at or near a place called Wiliinfon's Gun Wharf, in tlie parifh of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the county of Surrey, to the town of Mitcham> in the parilh of Mitcham, in

- the

(Public Local ts Perfonal) 41 GEO. III.

the faid county; and alfo divers collateral cuts or branches communicating from the fame to certain parifhes and places within the counties of Surrey and Kent.

32. An act for enabling Charlotta Betbell, widow* to make and maintain a navigable canal from the river Hull, at a point in the parUh of Leven, near the boundary between EJke and Leven carrs, in the eaft riding of the county of York, to Leven\ bridge in the faid riding.

33.	An act for making and maintaining a railway from the town of Wandjworth to the town of Croydon, with a collateral branch into the parifh of Carfialton, and a navigable communi-cation between the river Thames and the faid railway at lVandf~ worthy all in the county of Surrey•

34.	An act for more effeftuaily draining and improving certain fen lands within the manors and parifhes of Upwell and Outwelly and in the parifhes of Denver and Welney, in the iile of Ely, and counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

35.	An act to alter, amend, and render more effeftual, an aft, paned in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent ma-jefty King George the Third, intituled. An alt for more effectually draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the manor or townjhtp rfNorth Kyme, in the county ^Lincoln.

36.	An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers, of two afts, pafled in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the roads from the south weft: end of Nether Bridge, in the county of Weftmoriand, by Sizergb Fell Side to Leven*s Bridge, and from thence through the town of Afihhrop to DixeSy and from the town of Afikhrop aforefaid to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the tleron Syke turnpike road at the guide poft near Clawthrop Hall in the county aforefaid.

37.	An act for making and maintaining a road from the town, of "New Windfor in the county of Berks, into the London road, at or near a bridge called High Bridge, near Longford in the county of Adiddlefex\ and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from and out of the faid road at Soutbley in the parifh of Datchet, to the village of Datchet in the county of Bucks.

38.	An act for more effeftuaily amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from the top of fPbite Sheet Hill9 irt the parifh of Donhead Saint Andrew in the county

- of Wilts, through the towns of Shaftejbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the counties of Dorfet and Somcrfety to the half way houfe in the parifh of Nether, otherwife Lower Compton, in the faid county of Dorfety and feveral other roads near the towns of Shaftejbury and Sherborne aforefaid.

39.	An act to alter and enlarge the powers of two afts, pafled in the ninth and thirteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for laying open and widening certain ways, paflages, streets, and places, within the town of Birmingham; and for deanflng and

Vol.XLIII.	b	lighting

. A TABLE of the STATUTES

lighting the streets, lanes, ways, and paflages there, and fpr other purpofes in the faid ads mentioned ; and alfb fpr regulating hack- ■ ney coaches and chairs, and the drivers ofall (carriages, in the faid town; for laying open and widening certain other streets and i places there; tor further regulating the police of the faid town, and the manner of laying out and paying new streets .there* and for j other purpofes. ,

40.	An act to continue for twenty-one years, and from fhencp to the end of the then pext feffion of parliament, the term, and alter and amend the powers of an ad, .made in the fixteejith year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act to continue and render more effectual fever al a&s ofparliament for repairing the high- 1 ways leading to Highgate Gatehoufe and Hampftead, and other roads in the faid afls mentioned\ in the county of Middlefex ; and alfi

to continue and render more effectual) an att to enable the fefpefttve truflees of the turnpike roads leading to Highgate Gatehoufe and Hampftead, and from S'aintGiles’s Pound, to Kilbourne, to make a new road from the great northern road at Iflington to the Edgeware road war Paddington, fo far as the fame is by the faid aft directed to be under the care and management of the truflee$ of the faid firjl-mentioned afts; and for making a road from the faid new road9 neajr Queen’s Rpw, to Bagnigge Walh; and for watchings lightings and watering the faid roads.

41.	An ad for continuing, until the end of the first feffion of

parliament, which ftiall commence after the fifth day of July one	1

thoufand eight hundred and twenty-two, two ad$ ffveraliy palled

in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late ipajefty King 1 George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of hfe ' prefent Maiefty, for repairing the road from Thir/ky over Skipton 1 Bridge to Balderfby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, arid a branch from the faid road at or near Skipton Bridge aforefaid, through Ainderby, §fuernhow, and Nojlerfitld to Majham, in the north riding of the county of York.	1

42.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from

thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term,	i

and enlarging the powers of two ads, paffed in the thirty-firft year pf the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and

in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Cirencejler in the county of Gloucejler, to ; Cricklade in the county of Wilts\ and for amending, improving, and keeping in repair, the.road leading from near the wharf at Latton, in the faid county of JFilts, to the town bridge in'Crick- \ lade aforefaid.	j

43.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, ?nd from j

thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, tl>e term, , and altering and enlarging the powers of two ads, paffed in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majesty King George the , Second, and the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fpr repairing	and	widening	the	road	frpm	the	town of	1

Guldeford to the direding- poll	near the	tpw»	of	Farnham in the	,

county of Surrey.	1

44* An	1

1

(Public Local 6? Perfonaf) 41 GEO. III.

44.	An ad to cbntinue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two ads, paffed in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefept majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the roads from Deraington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the eighth mile ftone in the parifh of Wtgtoft, and to Langret Ferry in the county of Lincoln.

45.	An ad for enlarging the term and altering the powers of two ads, one made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, and repairing the roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Cowgate and Archcliff Fori in Dover, through Folleftone to the town of Hythe in the coutity of Kent; and for re* pealing fo much thereof as requires the truftees therein named to keep in repair the feveral roads leading from ArcbcHff Fort in Dover, to Folkeftoite, and from the parifh of Folkejlone to IJytbe. *

46.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and incloftng certain open fields and other lands within the feveral parifhes of Downhant Market, Wimbotjham, and Bexwell, in the county of Norfolk.

47.	An ad fbr dividing and incloftng the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, and wafte grounds, within the manor and parifh of Maidfmorton, and the hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, in the parifh of Buckingham, in the county of Bucks.

48.	An ad for dividing allotting, and laying in feveralty, the open and common fields,* common meadows, common paftures, downs, and other commonable and'wafteJands, fituate, lying, and being in that part of the parifh of Eajl Hendred, which is in the hundred of Wantage, in the county of Berks, called Wejlmanfide, except fuch part of the faid common meadows as lieth m a meadow calledfFox Mead, or Ardington Mead.

49.	An ad for repairing and widening the roads from Diem fries to Moffat, and from Grateney, by. Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, to the confines of the county of Ayr, and feveral othe* roads in the counties of Dumfries and Kirkcudbright.

50.	An ad to amend afid widen the roads leading from Sta- * plecrofs, in the parifh of Ewburft, to Hornfcrofs, in the parifh of Northtam, and from Hornfcrofs afore faid to the turnpike roadvnear Brickwall Houfe, in the parifh of Northtam, and from Hornfcrofs aforefaid to the turnpike ro&d near the Windmill, in the parifh of Beckley, and alfo the road from Staplecrofs aforefaid to Bodiam Bridge, in the parifh of Bodiam, and from thence through the parifhes of Bodiam aforefaid and Salehurft, to the turnpike road at Silver Hill, in the faid*parifh of Salthurjl, all in.the county of SuJJex.

51.	' An ad to amend two ads, made in the thirteenth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making more commodious the harbours of the town of Greenock, and for other purpofes mentioned in the faid ads; for watching the faid town, and better supplying the fame with water; for regulating

r	b	2	the

* A TABLE of the STATUTES

the fares of coachman, chairmen* porters and carters plying in the. faid town, and of pilots, watermen, and jobbers employed in the (aid harbours, and on the river Clyde, and for feuing out the glebe of the faid town.

52.	An act for explaining, altering, and amending, an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for deepening, cleanfing, touring, preferving, and maintaining the harbour of Port Glafgow, and for other purpofes mentioned in the faid aft.

53.	An act for more effeftually improving and maintaining the old harbour of Rye in the county of Suffix.

54.	An act for building a pier at Sbeernefs9 in the ifle of Sheppy, in the county of Kent; for ascertaining, imposing, and recovering certain duties for the fupporting, maintaining, and keeping in repair the faid pier; for paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving the highways, streets, lanes, and other publickv paffages and places, within that part of the parilh of Minfiery in the faid ifle of Sheppy (which lieth near his Majefty’s dock yard and garrifon of Sheernefs)9 called Blue Town and Mile Town; and for preventing nuifances, annoyances, and obftruftions therein.

*5. An act to enable the company of proprietors of Burfiedon Bridge and roads, to raife a further fum of money to complete the faid bridge and roads.

56.	An act for dividing, allotting,.and inclofing the foreft: or chafe of Needwood% in the county of Stafford.

57.	An act to enable the corporation of the Royal Exchange AJfurance to allure veffels, barges, keels, boats, and other craft employed in inland navigation, and the goods, merchandizes, and effefts laden therein.

58.	An act to enable the corporation of the London AJfurance to allure veflfels, barges, keels, boats, and other craft employed in inland navigation, and the goods, merchandizes, and effefts laden therein.

59.	An aft.for more effeftually repairing, widening, diverting, end improving the road leading from Reading in the county of Ber&Sy to Bafingftoke in the county of Southampton.

. 60. An act for continuing the term and altering the powers of two feveral afts, made refpeftively in the first and twenty-fecond years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending and maintaining the road from Vartfprd to Nortbflcety and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent, and for other purpofes in the faid afts mentioned.

61.	An act for improving and extending the navigation of tbd river Exe, from the publick quay at Exeier to the publick road adjoining four mills near Oreditm in the county of Devon, by making a navigable canal or cuts, and deepening and widening fuch parts of the rivers Exe and Credy as ihall be  necessary for that purpofe.

N 62. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the feveral parilhes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity in

the

(Public Locali$ Perfonal) 41 GEO. II!.

the city of Coventry, and county of the fame city; and for exempting; the vicars of the faid parifhes from being rated to the relief of the poor in refped of certain afleflinents.

63.	An ad to alter, amend, and render more effedual ao ad; palled in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aR for the bettor relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of Mitford and Launditch in the county ^Norfolk.

64.	An ad for eftablifhing a new church or chapel, lately ereded in or near Kirkgate Street, within the town and parifh of Leeds, in the weft riding of the county of York.

65.	An ad for enlarging and improving the market place of the town of Kingjlon upon Hull, and for making a commodious street from thence to the river Humber, with a dock and wharf, or landing place, for the ferry and market boats belonging and reforting to the faid town.

66.	An ad for enlarging and improving the market place within the town of Rotherham in the weft riding of the county of York, and for widening and rendering more commodious the streets and avenues leading thereto; and for cleaniing, lighting, and regulating the streets and other publick paflages and places within the faid town.

67.	An ad for continuing and amending an ad pafled in the twenty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An act for enlarging the terms andpowers of two aRs, of the twelfth and nineteenth years of his prefent Majefty* s reign, made for building 4 temporary bridge, and completing a new ftone bridge over the river Tyne, between the town of Newcaftle upon Tyne and Gatefhead in the county of Durham, and making the avenues to, and thepajfages ever the fame more commodious; and for removing and preventing nuir fences and annoyances in the streets, lanes, or avenues leading to the faid new ftone bridge, within the town of Gate (head in the county of Durham; and for enabling the truftees named in the faid ad to widen and enlarge the faid new ftone bridge. '

68.	An ad for enabling the company of proprietors of the Wilts and Berks canal navigation, to raife money for completing the faid canal; and to alter, explain, and amend the ad pafled in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, for making the faid canal.

69.	An ad for further continuing the duties and altering the powers granted by four ads made in the fifth and twenty-fifth years of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the third and eighteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for enlarging the pier and harbour of Scarborough in the county of York.

70.	An ad to authorife the company* of proprietors of the Ellefmere canal to extend the faid' canal from the Whitchurch branch thereof at or near certain water corn mills, called The New Mitts, in the parifh of Whitchurch in the county of Salop, to and to communicate with the Chefter canal in the townftiip of Stoke in the parifh of Afton in the county of Chefter; and for altering and amending the feveral ads pafled for making and maintaining the faid Ellefmere canal.

b 3	71.	An

~ ’-yi1

A TABLE of the STATUTES

71.	An a A for enabling the company of proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal more effectually to provide for the difeharge of their debts, and to complete the .whole of the works to be executed by them, in purfuance of the feveral a£l$ of the thirty-third, thirty-rfounh, thirty-fifth, thirty-fixth, and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty; and for altering and enlarging the powers and provifions of the faid adts.

72.	An a& for draining, preserving from water, and improving^

certain low lands and grounds, lying within the feveral parilhes or chapelries of North Wooten* Jrilton* Weft Pennard* Baltonjbo— rough* Barton Saint David? Butleigh* Street* Ghfton Saint John* Clapton Saint Benedict* Walton* Ajbcot* Shapwick* Moorlinch* Catcott„ Chilton, Edington* Gojftngton* Woolavingfon* Huntfpill, £3/? Brent, Sm/A Brent* Mark* Wedmore* Me are* Burnham* Badgwortb* Ba-dijbam* Chapel AlUrton* Were* Puriton* Pawlet, Wookey* and the out p$#lh of	Cuthhert, in Wells* all in the county of Somerfet•

73.	An a& for draining and improving certain lands and grounds in the parilh of Leverington and Leverington Parfon Drove* in the ifle of £/y, in the county of Cambridge.

74.	An act for dividing, allotting, inclofing, draining, embanking, and improving the open fields, meadows, paftures* moors, commons, and wafte grounds, in the townlhip of

in the parilh of Botteftord* in the County of Lincoln.

75..	Ap adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open field. Commonable marfh lauds, half year lhack. lands, commons, and wade grounds within the parilhes of South Waljham Saint Laurence and South Waljham Saint Mary in the county of Norfolk ; and for draining and preserving the fame*

76.	An adt for dividing, allotting inclofing, draining, aod preserving the open fields, marfli lands, coormqns, fens, and wafle

5rounds, within the parilh of Potter Heigbam in the county of TorfoJL

77* An a£t for dividing, allotting, inclofing, draining, and improving feveral common moors, called Sydney Moor* Small Moor* Rodway Moor* Waters Upton Moor, and other commons and wafte lands within the feveral parishes of Rochmrdine* Eyton% Kixnerfiey, and Waters Upton in. the county of Salop* and within the feveral townfhips of Crudgeington and Sleap* in the parilh of High Ercall* otherwife Ercall Magna* in the fame county*

, 78. An adi for enlarging the term and powers of two a&s, pafled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth.year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from the town of Morpeth* by or through Mitford? 'Thropple* Long Witten* and by the north fide of Rothley park wall to Sting Crofs* and to the high crofs in Elftdon in the county of Northumberland\

79.	An a€t for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of three adfs, palled in the ' ninth and twenty-eighth years of the reign of. his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty- first year of the reign

of

(PulBc Local 6? Petfdnaf) 4* GEO. III.

of his prefent majesty King George the Third, for amending and keeping in repair fuch part of the roads defcribed in the faid ad of the twenty-eighth year of his late Majefty’s reign, as leads* from the end of Culbam Bridge next to Culbam in the county of Oxford, to the end of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon in the county of Berks, and from the mayor’s (tone at the end of Boar Street in the town of Abingdon aforefaid, to Shippon in the faid county of Berks, and from thence to the weft end of the town of Fyfield, in the fame county.

80.	An ad for more effedually repairing and improving the south diftrid or divilion of the roads from Koyjlon in the county of Hertford to Wandesford Bridge iri the county of Huntingdon; and for continuing and amending an ad pafled in the thirtieth year of theTeign of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the faid ad relates to the faid diftrid.

81.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the ertd of the then next feflton of parliament, the term, and altering the powers of two ads, pafled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, stad in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from Spann Smithy in the townfnip of Elton^ through the town of Mtddiewich, and by Spittle Hill in Stanthorn9 to Winsfotd bridge, and from Spittle Hill to the town of Norihwich in the county palatine of Chejler.

82.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers of two ads, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from the eaft end of Borough* under-Stain more in the county of Weflmorlandy by the end of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge in the faid county.

83.	' An ad for repairing and widening the road from the town of Rugby in the county of Warwick, to join the turnpike road leading from Lutterworth to Market Harborough in the counties of Leicejler and Northampton.

84.	An ad to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and alter the powers of two ads, one pafled in the twenty-lixth year df the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act to widen and repair the road from the guide pbjf near the end of Drayton Lane near Banbury, in the county of Oxford, to the houfe called the Sun-riling, at the top of%dge Hill, in the county of Warwick; and the other, pafled in tbe twentieth year of the* reign of his prefent majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the term and powers of the /aid ad.

85I An ad for Continuing for twenty-one years, and from-thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two ads, pafled iiv the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign* of his

b 4	prefent

A TABLE of the STATUTES

prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads therein mentioned, fo far as the fame ads relate to the road from the market houfe in Tetbury to the turnpike road on Mmcbinbampion common, and from the faid road in Minchinhampton field unto the turnpike road from Grencejler to Stroud, near Burnt j$/by and from the faid turnpike road to Tayloe’s Mill Pondm Cbalford Bottom, and through Hide to the bottom of the Bmrns Hilly in the county of GlouceJler9 and for repairing, altering, and improving the road from Tayloe’s Mill Pond aforefaid to Fo/lon’s in the pari(h of Bifley* in the faid county of Gloucefler.

86.	An ad for extending and enlarging the powers, and in-creafing the rates and duties, of the corporation of the Trinity houfe of NewcajHe upon Tyne9 and for better regulating the port. of Newcqftle.

87.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term} and altering and enlarging the powers of an ad, palled in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the road from Sage Crofs in the town of Melton Mowbray in the county of Leicejler9 to the town of Grantham in the county of Lincoln.

88.	An ad to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an ad* pa fled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, tor widening and repairing feveral roads leading from the* Weljh Gate and Cotton Hill in the town of Shrewfiury9 ip the county of Salop; and for making and maintaining a new branch of road from the prefent road from Shrewjbury to Welch Pooly at or near the tenth mile (tone, to, or near to, Buttington Hall in the county of Montgomery.

89.	An ad to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence . to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two ads, palled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road leading from Flim-well Vent in the parilh of Ticeburjl in the county of SuJJex9 to the town and port of HaJIings in the faid county.

90.	An a& to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two ads, pafled in the thirty-third year of the feign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the bars at Bougbtony within the liberties of the city of Cheflery to Whit-churchy and from thence to Newporty in the county of Salop, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, fo far as the faid ads relate to the road leading from Whitchurch aforefaid, through TernhiUy to Newport aforefaid, being the fecond diftrid of roaefc ip the faid ads mentioned.

91. An

(Public Local & P'erfonal) 41 GEO. HI.

91.	An ad for continuing the term and powers jof two ads, patted in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Mansfield, in the county of Nottingham, through the towfis vof Pleafiey, Glapwell Heath, and Nor merit on, and the liberty of Holland\ to the turnpike road leading from the town of Derby to the town of Cbejlerjield, in the county of Derby.

92.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two ads, pafied in the first and tenth years of the reign of his prefent majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from the eaft end of Wejl 'Taphoufe Lane to the borough of Lijkeard, and from thence to the Combe Rowe Houle, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Cornwall and Devon.

93.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two ads, pafled in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads therein mentioned, fo far as the laid ads relate to the road leading from the town of Wrexham to the towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, in the county of Denbigh, and amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the faid town of Ruthin into the turnpike road from Corwen to Llanrwft, at at near a certain houfe called Cernioge Mawr, in the parifh of Llanyfydd, in the faid county*

94.	An ad to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an ad, pafled in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent majesty King George the Third, for makirig and maintaining a road from Tiltups inn, in the pariftt etHorjley, to join the turnpike road leading from Grencejier to Dudbtidge, at or near Dudbridge, in the paritn of Rodborougb, and * from the bridge at Nailjwortb, in the parifh of Avening, to Mincbinhampton Common, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, all in the county of Gloycefier, and for altering fome parts of the faid roads.

95.	An ad to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two ads, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late Majefty, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Stoekbridge, in the county of Southampton, to the city of WincbejUr* and from the faid city through Bellmour Lane to the top of Stephen's Caftle Down, near the town of Bijbop’s Waltham, in the faid county, and from the faid city of Wintbeder, through Otterbome, to Bar Gate, in the town and county of the town of Southampton,

96. An

A TA3LE of the STATUTES	J

96.	An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from > thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an aft, pafled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled.

An aft far repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the readfrom Hurdlow Houfe, through Buxton, in tbocounty Derby, and Stockport, in the county .of Chefter, to Manchefter, in the county of Lancafter, and alfo the road from, Herneftone Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel-en-Ie-Frith, all in the faid county of Derby, to the lajl-mentioned road at Whaley,' in the faid county of Chefter 5 and for making and repairing a new branch of road from the faid turnpike road at or near Barmocr Clough, near the town of Chapel-en-le~Frith aforefaid, to Fairfield near Buxton aforefaid.

97. An act for amending and rendering more effeftual, an aft,	(

pafled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,	|

for the better regulation and government of the' company of cut*

)ers within the liberty of HaUamJhire, in the county of York, and irithin fix miles of the faid liberty, and of their journeymen and apprentices.	i

98* An act for making, widening, and repairing the road from the old bridge, in the town of Stockport, in the county of Ghefiery through the feveral townfhips of Stockport, Offerton, and Marpley to or near Marple Bridge, all in the faid county $ and a branch from the faid road, in the townfhip of Marple aforefaid,-through the village of New Mills, to or near Thornfet Gate both m the County of Derby, and another branch from or near Thornfet Gate aforefaid, through the village of New Mills aforefaid, to or near the prefent road, in the townlhip of Difley, in the faid county of Chejler.

99.	An a ft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an aft, pafled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent majesty King George the Thirds for more effe&ually repairing the road from the Black Bull inn, in Dunflable, in the county of Bedford, to the way turn- j ing out of the faid road up to Sbafford Hou/t9 in the county of Hertford.

100.	An act for vefting in truftees all the real eftates late of Nathaniel MattbAv Knapp efquire, deceafed* which, by his will, 1 were devifed in ftrift fettlement, to the intent that proper parts- I thereof may be fold for difeharging the incumbrances affefting

the fame real eftates, and that the refidue of the money, if any, arifing by foch fale, may be invefted in the purchafe of other lands, and that the lands to be id purchafed, and alfo fuch part of the lands, to be vefted in truftees as afore&id, as Stall not be fold, may be fettled to the ufes contained in the will of the faid Nathaniel Matthew Knapp, concerning his real eftates devifed in ftrift fettlement.

101.	An act for vefting the fettled eftates of John Henry Maw of fFarmJivorth, in the county of Torl% efquire, in truftees, to be

fold,

fPublic Local &? Perfonal) 41 GEO. Ill#

fold, and for laying out the dear monies thence arifsng, under the diredion of the court of chancery, in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame ufes.

102.	An* ad for vefting part of the eftates devifed by the will of Thomas Duncombe efquire, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the monies to arife therefrom in the purchafe Nof other eftates, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the feme ufes.

103.	An ad for vefting part of the fettled eftates of the mod honourable Jams marquis of Salijbury in truftees, to be fold, and for applying the purchafe monev in difeharging of a mortgage thereon, and for confirming the fettlement of the refidue of fuels eftates, and declaring the fame to be a fatisfadion of his marriage articles, and for appointing a new truftee inftead of one deceafed*

104.	An ad to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a partition of divers lands and hereditaments in the feveral counties of Rutland, Lincoln* and Leicejier, late the eftates of Jofeph Adcock grazier, deceafed, and alio of divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Northampton, late the eftates of Robert Adcock grazier, deceafed.

105.	An ad for dffeduating exchanges between the truftees of the guildhall feoffment. Bury Saint Edmund,$, in the county of Suffolk, and fir Thomas Charles Butibury baronet.

106.	An act for vefting certain fettled eftates of William Morton Pitt efquire, in the county of Dorfet, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the whole money thence ariling, under the diredion of the court of chancery, inthc purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame ufes.

soy. An ad for vefting part of the fettled eftates of the right honourable Henry Thomas earl of lkhejler, in the counties of Wilts and Somerfet, in truftees, to be'fold, and for fettling other eftates of the faid earl, in the faid county of Somerfet, and in tho county of Dorfet, in lieu thereof.

108.	An ad for enabling Edward ConJIable e(quire, of Burton ConJIable* in Holdemefs* in the county of York, tenant for* life, under the will of his late unele William ConJIable efquire, deceafed, to charge his eftates in the faid county of York* or fome part thereof, wiih the fums therein mentioned, and alfo for enabling the truftees in the faid ad, to raife, with the confent qf the faid Edward ConJIable, during his life, and after his deceafe, in fuch manner as therein is mentioned, eertajn fums of money for the prote&ing, improving, and increafing the fame eftates, by the means therein deferibed.

109.	An ad for vefting two freehold ineffuages in Lombard Street, in the city of London, part of the eftates devifed by the will pr the right honourable Charles lord vifeount Irwin deceafed, in truftees, tor fale, and for invefting the money to arife from fuch fale, under the diredion of the court pf chancery, in the purchafe of other real eftates in England* to be fettled to the ufes of the faid will.

no. An ad for vefting part of the eftates of the reverend George HuddUfton Purefoy Jervoife* deviled by the will of Trijlram

HuddUJlon

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Huddlefion Jervotfe efquire, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money to arife therefrom, under the diredion of the court of chancery, in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame ufes.

m.	An ad for vetting the eftates of John Fitzgerald efquire, commonly called The Knight of Glinn, fituate in the county of Limerick^ in truftees*, for raifing, by fale or mortgage, monies fufticient to pay oft incumbrances.

112.	An ad to enable the curate of the chapelry of Saint Hilds, in the parilh of farrow, in the county of Durham, to grant a building leafe of a certain parcel of ground lying contiguous to the town of South Shields, in the faid county, and belonging to the faid chapelry.

113.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the feveral common wafte and heath landi, commonly known by the names of the Great and Little Heaths, other wife Mtvynydd, Bwchan, and Wain Dyval, lying within the feveral parilhes of Saint John the Baptifi in Cardiff, Landaff, Whitchurch, Roath, and Lanijben, in the county of Glamorgan.

114.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain commons and wafte lands, in the townfhip of Ticklerton, within the parifh of Eaton, in the county of Salop.

115.	An ad to explain and amend an ad, patted in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act for making and maintaining a navigable communication from the junction oj the river Fofs with the river Oufe, at or near the city of York, 10 Stillington Mill, in the parijb 0/Stiilington, in the north riding of the county of York, and for draining and improving certain low lands, lying on each fide of the faid river Fofs, fo far as the faid ad relates to the faid navigation, and for enabling the company of proprietors of the faid navigation to complete the fame.

116.	An ad for draining, dividing, and inclofing a common, czlted Crowland Common, or Goggujhland, and certain open half years meadow, commonable and wafte grounds, called The Wajhes and Fodder Lets, in, adjoining, or near the townfbip of Orowland, in the county of Lincoln.

117.	An ad for repairing the road from the north end of Bridgeford Lane, in the county of Nottingham, to the bowling green at Kettering, in the county of Northampton; and for repealing two ads patted for repairing the faid road.

Ji8. An ad for repairing the road from the borough of Leicefi ter, to Peterborough, in the county of Northampton*, and tor repealing two ads patted for repairing the faid road.

119.	An ad for vetting certain eftates in the county of A&r-folk, ftridly entailed by the will of Horatio late earl of Orford deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing therefrom, in the first place, in difcharge of the incumbrances afftding the fame, and the refidue thereof in the pur-chafe of other eftates in the county of Norfolk, to be fettled to tlie fame ufes.

120.	Ai>

{Public Local & Per Jamal) 41 GEO. III.

120* An adl for the eftablifhment of fchools for the education of poor children, in the county palatine of Durham.

121.	An adl for veiling the fee iimple, and inheritance of and in the real eftates devifed by the will of Mary Pugh widow, deceased, fituate in the counties of Carnarvon and Anglefn, in truftees, and their heirs, upon truft, tb complete the Tales or fuch parts thereof as have been fold under the dire&ion of the court of chancery, and by the like directions to fell other competent parts thereof, for die payment of the debts and incumbrances affe&ing the fame eftates, and for laying out the furplus of the money (if any) to arife from fuch fates in the manner and for the purpofes therein exprcfled.

122.	An adl to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftiou or parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two adts, palled in the eight and twenty-fifth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending and widening feveral roads leading from the town of Bijbop's Caftliy and from Montgomery to the turnpike road at _ Wejibwry, and from Brockton to the turnpike road at Minjlerley, in the feveral counties of Salop*) Radnor, and Montgomery, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Salop and Montgomery \ and aifo for widening, repairing, altering, and diverting other roads in the faid counties of Salop and Montgomery.

123.	An adl for making and maintaining a road from the turn-' pike road leading from Bolton to Blackburn, at or near to the Lamb Inn, otherwife Fletcher's publick houfe, in the townfhip of Sharpies, in the parifh of Bolton-in •the-Moors, to the turnpike road leading from PreJIon to Blackburn aforefaid, at or near to Brindle Lane end, otherwife Foole Lane end, in the townfhip of Hoghton, in the parUh of Leyland, all in the county palatine of Lancafier.

124.	An adl for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Louth, in the county of Lincoln.

125.	An adl for enabling Matthias Koops gentleman, to affign the benefit of an invention of making paper from ftraw and other fubflances to a greater number of perfons than is at prefent limited by the letters patent granted to the faid Matthias Koops.

126.	An adl for paving, (leaning, cleaning, watering, lighting, watching, and regulating the streets, fquares,lanes, ways, pafiages, and publick places, within the parifh of Bathwick, in the county of Somerfet, and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, encroachments, and obftrudlions, and for eftablilhing a proper and efFedtive police therein.

127.	An adl for making and maintaining a navigable canal from, or from near the town of Croydon, in the county of Surrey, into the Grand Surrey canal, in the parifli of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the county of Surrey, and for supplying the towns of Croydon, Streatbam, aqd Dulwich, and the diftridl called Norwood, in the parifh of Croydon, in the faid county of Surrey, and the town of Sydenham, in the county of Kent7 with water from the faid canal.

128.	An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

*a8. An a6t for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclofing Deeping, Lang tuft, Baft on, Spaldings Pinchbeck, and Cowbit com-. mons, within tne parts of Kefteven and Holland, in the county of Lincoln, and alfo for draining Crowlandcommon, or Goggufhland, and certain lands and grounds in the parifhes of Bourn and Thurify* adjoining or lying contiguous to the north Bank of the river Glen, and certain inclofed lands in Deeping fen, and in the parifhes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the faid commons, and lying between the rivers Glen and Welland, anchalfo for rendering more effeduai feveral a£ts cf parliament heretofore patted for draining and preserving the feveral lands, grounds, and commons herein before mentioned, or certain parts thereof.

119. An afl for amending, widening, improving, and keep-' ing in repair the road leading from Paddington to Harrow-on-the-Hill, in the county of Middlefex.

130.	An a& for paving, cleanfing, watering, lighting, and ©therwife improving the Greets, lanes, and other publick paf-fages and places, within the parifhes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in the county of Buckingham, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obftru#ions, j

, nuifances, and annoyances therein; and alfo for repairing the ! rampart road or caufeway from the faid town to the bridge over the river Oufe, in or near thereto, and for repairing the faid bridge; fcnd likewife for felling certain charity eftates fituate in the faid town of Stony Stratford, and in the. parifhes of Gaherton and Wooherton, in the faid county of Buckingham, and applying the money arifing by fuch lale in the manner therein mentioned.

131.	An adt for forming, paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwife improving and keeping in repair, the streets, fquares, and other publick paffages and places which are and (hall be made upon certain pieces or plots of ground in the parifil of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlefex, belonging to the right honourable Ann dowager baronefs Southampton.

132* An a£fc for completing the common gaol now building in and for the city of Wimhefter, and for purchasing certain j buildings within the faid city for widening the avenues thereto. I

133.	An adt for veiling, for a limited time, in the reverend ! Edmund Cartwright clerk, matter of arts, his execurors, admini-ftrators, and afligns, the foie property in certain machinery by him invented for woolcombing.

134.	An adt to alter and amend an adl, pafled in the seventh yearof the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An a8for improving the navigation of the river Hull and Frodingham Beck, from Aike Seek Mouth to the Clough on the cajl corner of Fif-holme; and for extending the faid navigation from the faid Clough into or near the town of Great Driffield, in the eajl riding of the I county of York ; and to extend and improve the faid navigation. !

135.	An a61 for the better and more effectually draining cer- j tam tradts of land called Wildmore Fen, and the Weft and Baft I Fens, in the county of Lincoln, and alfo the low lands and grounds in the feveral parifhes, townfhips, and places, having

right

(Public Local 6? Perfpnal) 41 GEO. III.

right of common on the faid fens, and other low lands. a!nd

grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto.

Z36. An a£fc for altering and amending an a3, palled in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for the more effe&ually embanking, draining, preferv-ing, and improving certain low lands and grounds, lying and being in the feverai pari flies or tpwnfliips of Everton, Scaftworth* Gringky-on-the~Hilly Miflerton^ ^nd Walkeringbam, in the. county of Nottingham.

137.	An a& for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers of an a&, pafled in the twenty-fir ft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, foe. repairing and widening the road from a certain gate on the turnpike road at or near the south end of the town of Wefton on the Greeny in the county of Oxford, to the turnpike road on Kidlington Green% in the (aid county.

138.	An aSt for empowering certain truftees therein named, to carry into execution an agreement made by Arthur Annejley of Bletchington Parky in the county of Oxford^ efquire, and Thomas Bradford of AJhdown Parky in the county of Suffix^ efquire, for the fale of the fettled eftates of the faid Arthur Annefleyy fituate in the county of York* difeharged of the limits* tions created by his marriage fettlemfent, and to lay out a part of the monies to arife from the fale thereof in paying oiF certain incumbrances affe&ing a part of the eftates to which the faid Arthur Annejley of BletckingtoHy and his iflue male, are entitled under the will of Arthur Annejley late of Lincoln9s Inn Fields, efquire, deceafed, and other part thereof in the purchafe of eftates fituate in the faid county of Oxfordy or in the adjoining counties, to be fettled to the fame ufes as by the faid fettlemeflt are limited concerning the fettled eftates of the faid. Arthur Annejley of Bletchington9 in the faid county of Oxford; and for other purpofes.

139.	An a£t for confirming certain .indentures of leafe and releafe, dated the thirteenth and fourteenth days of Augijl one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-five, whereby feverai manors and real eftates late of fir Nicholas Hackett Carew baronet, deceafed, fituate in the county of Surrey, were conveyed upon certain trufts in fuch indentures mentioned; for enabling the truftees named in the faid indentures to convey, fettle, and aflure the faid manors and real eftates to certain remaining ufes, conformable to the daft will and teftament of the faid fir Nicholas Hackett Carew; for enabling Richard Carew efquire, and the fucceftive remaining takers under the faid will, to grant leafes of the faid real eftates; for veiling certain parts of the faid real eftates in truftees, in truft, to be fold ; for authorifing the fale, releafe, or extinguiihment of the feverai quit rents, heriot rights, and other dues, payable by the freehold, copyhold, and cttfto-mary tenants of the faid manors refpe&ively; and alfo the en-franchifing,' or reducing to fmall fines certain, the feverai

cuftomary

A TABLE of the STATUTES

cuftomary or copyhofd eftates holden of the fame manors refpec-tively; and for applying the monies arifing by the faid matters refpcdively in the purchafe of other lands or hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

140. An a A for changing the fcite of Downing College, in the univerfity of Cambridge, and for providing a fund for the purchafe of liich fcite, and ereding proper buildings thereon.

141.	An ad for dividing and allotting a certain fen, called IVtldmore Fen, in the county of Lincoln•

T42. An ad for dividing, and allotting certain fens, called The £ajl and Weft Fens, in, the county of Lincoln.

143.	An ad For dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common.marfhes, and lammas grounds, chafe allotment, and other commonable and wafte lands, within the parifh of £»-fields in the county of Middlefex.

144.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inciofmg certain commons and other commonable lands, in the parochial chapelries of Lameflcy and Tanfieldy or one of them, in the county of Durham.

145.	An ad for extinguishing the rights of commons, and other rights, in and over certain lands called Saint Thomas's Leys% other wife Pembroke Leys, in the feveral parifhes of Saint Botolph% Saint Andrew the Great, Saint Benedict y and Saint Mary the Left, in the town of Cambridge.

146.	An ad to alter and amend fo much of an ad, pa/Ted in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act for dividing) allotting, and inciofmg the open and common fields, meadowand pajlures, and other commonable lands and grounds, and alfo the wade lands and grounds, within \the feveral parijbes ^/'Han-worth, Felt ham, and Sunbury, in the county of Middlefex, as atfthorifes and requires the commiflioners to make a certain allotment therein mentioned to Edmund Hill as lord of the faid manor.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1.	A N ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain com- i ,/jl mons and wade lands, in the parifhes of King's Brompton^ Vptony and Skilgatey in the county of Somerfet	|

2.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain moors, ; commons, or wafte lands, lying within the manor and parifh of | Tickenhamy in the county of Somerfet. .

3.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain commons or wafte lands, called Stourton Common, Great Cbeckbilly and Little Checkhill% within the manor and parifh of Kniver other-wife Kinfare, in the county of Stafford.

4.	An ad for naturalizing Mark Anthony De Collogny.

5.	An ad for naturalizing William Boulnois.	1

6.	An ad for naturalizing Muzio Clementi.

7.	An ad for vetting the timber, and other trees, on the eftates

in

(Private) 41 GEO. III.

In the county of Northumberland, deviled by the will of Henry Revefy efquire, in truftces, for certain purpofes therein mentioned.

8.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable and wade lands, grounds, and places, within the hamlet of Weedon, in the parifh of Hardwicke, in the county of Buckingham.

9.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open com* mon fields, ings, carr lands, dinted paftures, commonable places, and waftes within the manor and townfhip of Little Ufeburn,\n the weft riding of the county of York.

10.	An aft .for dividing and inclofing the feveral open arable fields, ftinted paftures, commons, and commonable land9 and wafte grounds, within the manor and townfhip of Whixky, in the parifh of Wl)ixhyy in the weft riding of the county of York.

11.	An ad for dividing and indofing the fevgral open arable fields, ftinted paftures, ings, carrs, commons, commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Staveley, in the weft riding of the county of York.

12.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain moors^ commons, or trafts of wafte land, and two parcels of ground called The Intack, or Cow Paliure, and Shaw Wood, within the feveral town-(hips of Framwelgate and Witton-Gilbert, and in the feveral manors of Ghefter and Lanchefter, in the county palatine of Durham, and for extinguifhing all right of common in certain inclofed intercommon lands within the feveral townfhips of

* Framwelgate 2nd Wttton-Gilbert aforefaid.

1 13. Ah a ft for dividing, allotting, and indofing the whole year and old inclofed lands, open and common fields, half year or (hack lands, fens commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Haft Hurling,, in the county of Norfolk.

14 An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the feveral open common fields, common paftures, commons, and wafte lands, within the manor and parifh of Weft Bromwich, in the. county of Stafford.

15.	An act for naturalizing Andrew Gram.

16.	An act for naturalizing* Amelia Weltje.

17.	An act for naturalizing Hans Peter Engftrom•

18.	An act for naturalizing Henry Walther.

19.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, waftes, and other common* able lands and grounds, within the parifh of Littkbury, in the county of Effex.

20.	An act for naturalizing Daniel Hooffftetter.

21.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the whole year lands, common fields, half year or fhack lands, common-able grounds, lammas meadows, whin lots, or doles, heaths, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifh of Great Creffing-ham, in the county of Norfolk, and certain open and inclofed fields and half year or fhack lands, meadows, and paftures, lying

Vot. XLIII.	c	in

A T A B L E of the S T A T U T E S,

in the faid parifh, and in the parith of Little Crejfingkam3 in the faid county.

22.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing the open and common fields, half year or (hack lands, commons, feverals, and wafte grounds, within the parifhes of Happijburgb and Leffing-ham% in the county of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all rights of fheepwalk and fhackage in, over, and upon the lands and grounds within the faid parifh of Happijburgb.

23.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and incloting certain moors, commons, or wade lands, lying and being within the manor and parifh of Work, in the county of Somerfet.

24.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Hertingfordbury, in the county of Hertford.

25.	An ad to diffolve the marriage of George Duckworth with Mary Grundy his now wife, and to enable him to marry again 1 and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

26.	An ad to diflblve the marriage of George Taylor gentleman, with Catherine Birihall Taylor his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

27.	An ad for naturalizing John Erbardt Weippert.

28.	Ah ad for vefting a certain meiTuage and' premifes in King's Lynnr in the coufity of Norfolk^ (being an eftate deviled by the will of William Langley deceafed, in Arid fettlement) in tf a flees, to be fold and conveyed to Samuel Baker efquire, and his heirs, and for laying out the money arifing from fuch fate ill the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes to which the faid mefiuage and premifes do now Hand limited under and by virtue of the faid will.

29.	An ad for veiling the fettled eftates of Benjamin Keene efquire, and Mary his wife, in new truftees, in the room of the right honourable Charles lord Calthorpe an infant, to the ufes, and upon the trulls, of the fettlement made previous to the marriage of the faid Benjamin Keene and Mary his wife, and for giving a power to change and appoint new truflees in future.

30.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing the open common fields, common paftures, commonable lands, commons, .and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Stonesfield^ in the county of Oxford.

31.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, in the parifh of South Ferriby, in the county of Lincoln.

32.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands .and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Eajl Holton, in the county of Lincoln.

33.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing the open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, add commonable

places.

(Private) 41.GEO. Ill*

places, Within the fever*! pari (hes of He mingford Grey and Hem* mgford Abbots, in the county of Huntingdon.

34.	An a& for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, wades, and other common* able lands and grounds, within the parifh of Wteftlingtoorth, in the county of Bedford \ and for allotting a part of Hatley Field in lieu of fuch parts of the fame field as are fituate in the faid parifh of Wrefllingworth.

35.	An a& tor dividing, allotting, improving, and inclofing

the open arable fields, meadows, paftures, and other common* able and wafte lands, in the parifh of Bekhford, in the county of Lhtcobt.	' *

36.	An a & for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and improving the open arable fields, meadows, paftures, and other common* able and wafte lands, within the pdrifh of Sotby, in the county of Lincoln.

37.	An act for dividing and allotting feveral open and com* mon fields and downs, and other open and commonable landa and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Manningford Bruce% m the county of WiIts.

38.	An a6i for dividing, allotting, and inclofing a certain tract of common or wafte land called JCentiJmoorey within the manor and parifh of Kentijbeere, in the county of Devon.

39.	An adKfor dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, common downs, commons, and wafte lands, in the parifh of Turnwood, otherwife Turnworth^ in the county of Dorfet.

40.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain open

and common field*, meadows, lands,,comtnons, and common-able places, within the parifh of Little Stoughton, in the county of Bedford.	*

41* An a ft for dividing arid inclofing the common fields, common meadows, commons, ami wafte lands, within the parifh of Ewell, in the county of Surrey.

42.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, waftes, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh of Balfhan^ in the county of Cambridge.

43.	An ait for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common field, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh of Drayton, in the county of Oxford.

44* An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the feveral commons and wafte grounds, within the lordfhip or liberty of Stanton, in the parifh of Ellajion, in the county of Stafford.

45, ,An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and common* able places, within the parifh of Old Hurji, in the county of Huntingdon.	_ ^

46* An aft fbr dividing, aligning, and inclofing the commons and wafte lands wkhin the parifh of Thorpe Abbotts, in the county of Norfolk

c 2	47* An

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

. 47* An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the com*-tnonable fen lands, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Alburgbf and hamlet of Wortvoell^ in the county of Norfolk* .	.

48* An ad for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and otherwife improving the open fields, open meadows, commons, and waftes, within the parifh of Stanground with Fareet% in the counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the ifle of Ely*

49.	An ad'for naturalizing Saint George Knudfin.

50.	An ad for naturalizing Jofepb Endey.

51* An ad for naturalizing Peter Hinrich Volckers.

52. An ad for enabling Henry Nevill earl of Abergavenny^ to grant a new leafe of certain mines and hereditaments, in the county of, Monmouth*	,	'

, 53. An, ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifhes of Blofidd:and HemblingHn^the; county of Norfolk.

. 54. An ad for. dividing, allotting, and .inclofing the com* man? and wafte grounds,;in the parilhes of Beightony Lingwood, and Moulton, in the county of Norfolk.

, 55. An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the common . fields, half year or (hack lands, commonable grounds, com* mons, and wafte lands,, within the parifh of Boughton, in the County of Norfolk.	.

^56* An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the fen grounds^ heaths, commons, and wafte lands, within the pariftt oi Cavenham^ in the county of Suffolk.

, 57* An ad for dividing, allotting, apd inclofing all the com* mons and wafte lands within the manor and pariih of Dunkef-well, in the county of Devon.

58* An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the commons and Wfifte grounds in the parifhes of Bergb Aptony Tburton, Tel-verton, Alpington% gjid Hohejion, in the county of Norfolk.

, 59. An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifh of Mattijbally in the county of Norfolk*

, 60. An, ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the com* mons and wafte lands within the parifh of Strad/etj in the county* of Norfolk.

61.	An ad for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and laying in

feveralty, the open and common fields,' comrfton meadows, commonable lands, common heaths, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Great Abington* in the county of Cambridge».	,	:

62.	An ad for /Jividiog and inclpfiog the common heaths, marfhes, fen grounds, doples, and wafte .lands, within the feyenU papfhes pf Carlton CohUa, Oukan> and Kirtley^ otherwife Kirkley^ ip the county of Suffolk.

:6gv An ad for dividing, allotting, ind anefofing .the open fields, apd wgfte lands ih th$ pfcrifh. of; OaftU From'e^ in the county of Hereford, and alfo a certain common meadow, coiled

~ Long

(Private) 41 GEO. III.

Long Fropmy, fttuate in the faid parifh of Cajtk Fhomt, and th* leveral parifhes of Bi/hap’s Froomey Much Cnuarne, and Evefiacby in the faid county of Hereford.

64.	An a£k for dividing* allotting, and indoling the opeti and common fields, lammas, and other commonable meadows, -heaths, commons, and wafte grounds, within the feveral, parities

of Rifly and Fornbam All Saints, in the county of Suffolk.

65.	An a& for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open

fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wade lands, within the manors of Erdington and Witton^ in the parifh of AJfonyuxta Birmingham, in the county of Warwick.	*

66a An a A for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, wafte?, and other common-able lands and grounds, within the parifh of Baffwgbaurne, in die county of Cambridge. *

67.	An adl for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the whole year inclofures, open fields, commonable grounds, commons, and wafte lands, within* the parishes of Holme Hale and Weft Bradenbem, in the county of Norfolk.

68.	An adl for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open or common fields, half year or (hack lands, lammas meadows, fens, commons, and wafte lands, .within the feveral pari fives of Wdtton and Carbmkf, in the county of Norfolk.

69.	An adl for inclofing, and reducing to a flint, the feveral commons or moors, called Kettlewell Commons and Coniftont Moor, and for dividing and inclofing feveral ftinted paftures, open fields, and wafte grounds, within the feveral toivnfhips of Ksttlewtll and Coniftone, in Kettlewell-dale, in the weft riding of the county of York.

70.	An adl for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, paftures, rryadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Wilbyy in the county of Northampton.

71.	An adl for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pafturds, commons, wafte, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the liberties and precindls of Lower Heyford otherwife Heyford-at-Bridge. and CalcotU in the parifh of Lower Heyford otherwife Heyford-at-Bridge, in the county of Oxford.

71. An adl for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty; the open and common fields, common pafiures, common meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Headington9 in the county of Oxford.

73.	An adl for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other

, commonable lands, withm the hamlet or townfhip of Little Cox* well, in the parifh of Great Farringdpny in the county of Berks.

74.	An adl for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, the open and common fields, downs, meadows, and wane lands, within the tything of Charlton, in.the manor and parifh of Dvwnton, in the county of Wilts.

'	73. An adl for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open

I	.	c 3	and

.

v A TABLE of the STATUTES,

and common fields, commons, and wafte lands, in the parifh of Alienham% in the county of Harford.

76.	An aft-for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the moors, commons and wafte grounds, within the manor of Tbirhvally in the parilh of Haltwh\ftlet in the county of Northumberland.

77.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the moors, commons, and wafte grounds, in the manor and parifh of Caftlecarrock, within, and parcel of, the barony of Gilfiani, in the county of Cumberland.

78.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the feveral open common fields, meadows, waftes, and other commonable lands, within and belonging to the feveral parifhes of Langtoft and Baftony in the county of Lincoln.

79.	An a ft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open common fields, meadows, common fens, waftes, and other commonable lands and grounds, within and belonging to the feveral parifhes.of Weft Deeping and Tallington% in the county 1 of Lincoln.

80.	An act for dividing and inclofing the feveral open common fields, lands, paftures, leys, commons, and other wafte lands and grounds, within the feveral townfhipsof Weaverthorpy Helperthorp% East Luttony and Weft Lutton otherwife Lutions Ambo, all in the parifh of Weavertborpy in the eaft riding of the county of Tork> and for making a compenfation in lieu of the tithes thereof, and alfo of the tithes of the antient mefluages, cottages, frontfteads, and inclofed lands, within the fame town-(hips refpeftivefy.

81.	An a61 for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and improving the feveral open fields, ings, commons, and wafte grounds, within the manor and townfhip of Skellow, in the parifh of Oivfton, in the weft riding of the county of York.

82.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the common fields, common meadows, open, intermixed, and commonable lands and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Slimbri4gey in the county of Gloucefter, and for allotting and exchanging certain lands lying in.the adjoining parifhes of Cam and Coaieyy in the fame county*

83* An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, commons and wafte lands, within the hamlet of Lyfordy in the parifh of Hanney% in the county of Berksi

84.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, and all other uninclofed lands and grounds, in the parifh of Braunftony in the county of Rutland.

85.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, commons, and wafte lands, in the parifh of Covington^ in the county of Huntingdon. -

86.	An act for diyiding, allotting, and inclofing. the open and common fields,* meadows, paftures, waftes, and other

common*

(Private) 41 GfiO. TU.

Commonable lands and grounds, within the parilh of Hadfink*

in the county of Effex.

87.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open arable fields; meadows, paftures, carrs, common, and wade lands, within the town (hip of North Frodingham, in the parilh of North Fredingham, in the eaft riding of the'county of York) and for making a com pen fat ion in lieu of the tithes thereof, and of ancient inclofed lands in the fame townlhip*

88.	An a ft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds within the parilh of Gou\lon% in the county of Norfolk.

£9. An act for dividing^md inclofing the open arable fields, common paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parilh of Denchworth, in the county of Btrks.

90.	An a<ft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, waftcs, and other cdm-monablc lands and grounds, within the parilh of Great Cbejhr* ford,-in the county' of EJftx. .

91.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open end common fields, meadows, paftures, waftcs, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parilh of Little Cbefter* ford, in the county of Ejfex.

9a. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open common fields, common paftures, and other commonable lands sod grounds, within the townlhip of Rujlon Parva otherwife Little Rujlon, in the eaft riding of the county of Tort.

93.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open common fields^ common paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the townlhip of Lang toft) in the parilh of Langtoft upon the Wolds, in the, eaft riding of the county of York.

94.	An act for dividing, allotting, laying in feveralty, and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parilh of Sutton Courtney, and the hamlet of Sutton Wick, ia the lame parilh, in the county of Berks.

95.	An act for naturalizing Cornelius Pans*

96.	An act for naturalizing John Daniel Baum•

974 An act for naturalizing Elizabeth Wtnjka.	’	%

98.	An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, certain common and open fields, common meadows, common-able lands, commons, and wafte grounds, lying within the parilhes of Barkway and Reed, and the hamlets thereto belonging, m the county of Hertford, and for extinguilhing all rights of common, (heepwalk, and fhackage, in, over, and upon the

I lands and grounds within the faid pari flies and hamlets.

99.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open

fields and common or car, within the townlhip of Molfcroft, in the parilh of Saint John ot Beverley, in the eaft riding of the county of York; ami for making a compenfation in lieu of the tithes thereof, and of certain ancient inclofed lands in the fame townlhip,	»

100. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

too. An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, pa flu res, commonable lands, and wadegrounds within the parifflies of Lavendon and Bray fieldy ptherwife Cold Bray fields in the county of Buckingham.

, ioi. An ad for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, the open and common lands and* grounds within the pariibes of Down Ampney, in the county of Gloucefier, and Latton and Eijiy^ in the county of Wilts. ,

102.	An ad , to difiolve the marriage of Jane Campbell with Edward Addifon her now hufband, on accotrrit of his inceftuous adultery with the filler of the faid Jane Campbell\ and to enable the faid Jane Campbell to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

103.	An ad for naturalizing David Court.

104.	An ad for naturalizing John William Pfeil.

105.	An ad for naturalizing IViiliam Havre.

- 106. An ad for naturalizing Henry Sutbmitr•

107.	An ad for naturalizing John Haring.

‘ io8r An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable and wafie lands, within the tithing or hamlet of Cheltenham, in the county of GUuceJler. r 109. An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable and wafte lands, within the pari(h of Ripple, in the county of Worcester.

no. An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open arable fields, meadows, paftures, common and wafte lands, within the town (hip of Hornfeay in the parifti of Hornfea, in-the eaft riding of the county of York, and for making a compenfation in lieu of the tithes thereof, and of ancient’inclofed lands in the feme towhfhip.

111.	An ad for dividing, allotting and inclofing the commons and. wafte lands in the parifli of Kinnerfiey, in the county of Hereford.

112.,	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other open and commonable lands and wafte grounds, lying in the united parifties of Hifion Saint Andrew and Hifion Saint Etheldred, and of Impington, in the county of Cambridge.

. 113. An ad for dividing and allotting in feveralty the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common paftures, and commonable and wafte lands, in or belonging to, the parifli, manors, or tithings of Wilsford, otherwife WUltford Dauntfey, otherwife Willesford Dauntfey> in the county of Wilts.

114.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields, meadows, edihmons, and wafte grounds within the parifli of Saint Ives, in the county of Huntingdon.

115.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open arable fields, paftures, cars, common and wafte lands, within the townihip of Staxm% in the parifli of Wilierbyy in the eaft

riding

(Private) 41 GEO. I1T.

riding of the county of Tori, and for making a compenfation in lieu of the tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclofed lands in the fame townfhip, and alfo of lands within the townfhips of Binnington and Wilier by, in the paiifil of JVillerbyaforefaid.

116.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inc!ofing the open fields, (heep walks, commons, and wade grounds, in Little Weetrn,, and Ripiingham, within the townlhip of Little IVeeton, in the parilh of Rowley, in the eaft riding of the county of Tcrk\ and for making a compenfation in lieu of the tithes thereof, and of ancient inclofed lands in Little IVeeton, RipUng-lam, and Hunfieyy in the fame townfhip, parifh, and riding.

117.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and incloftng the open common fields, meadows, heaths, wades, arid other common-able lands and grounds, within the parifh of Little Bytharn^ and the hamlet of Aunby, in the county of Lincoln. ^

118.	An ad for dividing, allotting, laying in feveralty, and inclofing the open and common arable lands, common meadow, common pafture, common down, wade, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the townlhip of Letcomb Regis,sFnd in the hamlet of Eajl Challsw, in the parifh of Letcomb Regis, in the county of Boris, and a common meadow called White Mead, in Letcomb Regis and Eajl CbaUow aforefaid, and in the hamlet of Weft Challow, in the faid parifh of Lttcomb Regis, and in

. the parilh of Letcomb Bajjett, in the fame county.

119.	An ad to difTolve the marriage of James Campbell of Calcutta, in the province of Bengal, in the Eajl Indies, dodor of phyfick, with JeJJy Campbell, his now wife, and to enable hint to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

120.	An ad for naturalizing Henry Anthony IVhittekind and Cbriftopher Henry Werner.

121.	An ad for enabling Henry Michael Goold efquire, to

charge certain fums of money with a jointure to Eleanor Haw-lint fpinfter, his intended wife, notwithftanding their refpec-tive minorities.	'	'

122* An ad for dividing, allotting* atid inclpfing the open and common fields; meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds in the parifh of Cbelflcn,, other wife Chehejlon cum CaU decott, in the county of Northampton.

123.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the wafte grounds and commons, or commonable lands, within the manor of Frimley, in the parifh of Ajh, in the county of Surrey.

124.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Scremby, in the county of Lincoln.

125.	An ad for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and laying in

feveralty, the open and common fields, common meadows, commonable , lands, common heaths, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Little Abingtonj in the county of Cambridge.	-

126.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open

common

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

common fields, common downs, commons, and wafte grounds, i $D the parifh of Fetcham, in the county of Surrey*

*27. An act for allotting, incloftng and laying in feverahy, the Common and open fields, common meadows, commonable lands, commons, heaths, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Botti/bam^ in the county of Cambridge.

12?. Aq aft for allotting, incloftng, and laying in feverahy, the common and open fields, common meadows, commonable lands, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Yrump'tngtony in the county of Cambridge.

129.	An act for dividing, allotting, and mclofing, the open Common heath and wafte ground, and other commonable.places^

|n the parifh of Tolle/kunt Major ^ othcrwife 7ollejhunt Beckingbam% in the county of EJfcx.

130* An act to difTotve the marriage of Getrge Hayes with Cbrtjtian Jonesy his now wife, and to enable him to mmy again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, fgi. An act for naturalising John Chrifiian Xlbeks

j

THE

I

/

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, quadragefimo primo.

AT tbe Parliament begun and holden at Weft-minfter, the Twenty-fecond day of January,

Anno Domini 1B01, in the Forty-firfl Tear of tbe Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by tbe Grace of God, of tbe United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of tbe Faith.

Being tbe Firfl Sejjion of tbe Firjl Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An act to Jufpend, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand ■ eight hundred and one, fo much of an act made in the lajl Jeffion of parliament, intituled, An ad to prevent, until the sixth day of November one thoufand eight hundred add one, and from thence to the end of fix weeks from the commencement of the then next felfion of parliament, the manufacturing of any fine flour from wheat or other grain, and the making of any bread folely from the fine flour of wheat$ and to repeal an aQt palTed in the thirty-fixth year of the Teign of his prefent Majefty, for permitting bakers to make and fell certain forts of bread, and to make more effectual provifion for the fame ; as relates to other grain than wheat 5 and for indemnifying perftns who may have dreffed, fold\ pr ufed any meal or flour of fuch other grain fitter than is preferred by the fa\d aft.—‘[Fe* bruary 9, iboi.J

WHEREAS an aft was made in tbe loft feffion of parliament, Preamble.

intituled, An alt to prevent until the ftxth day of Nevem- 4* Geo. 3. ter one thQU&nd eight hundred and one, and from thence toCa the end of fix weeks from the commencement of the then next Vo&.XUU.	8	feffion

% 'Anno regni quadragefimo ptimo Georgii III. c. 2.* [i8ol,

feflion of parliaments the mapvfafturiog of any fine flour from wheat or other grain, and the making of any bread folely from the fine flour of wheat; and to repeal an aft palled in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for permitting bakers to make and fell certain* farts of bread, and to make more effectual provifion for the fame: and whereas it is expedient that fo much of the (aid aft as relate# to the dreffing, felling* or ufing meal and flour of all forts of grain, other than, wheat fi>oidd he fufpended for a limited time-, and that all millers and other per-fons who Jhall have dreffed, fold* or ufed any meal or flour of any .	fuck other fort of grain of a finer defeription than is preferibed or

Wreckedafl:	b the fold aft, Jhould be indemnified: be it therefore

as relates to ena<5ted by the King's moft excellent majefiy, by and with the the drefiing advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-°J ufing, &c. mons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority produceof	fame>	That	fa	much	of the faid aft as relates to the dreU

any fort of fing, felling, or ufing of any meal or flour the produce of any grain other fort of grain other than wheat, (hall, from and after the palling fhan ulhfar’ °f this aft, be, and the fame is hereby fufpended until the pended tin twenty-fifth dajf of March one thoufand eigljt hundred and one. March 25,	II. And be it further enacted, That all millers, and other

1801.	perlbns who have drefled, fold, or ufed any meal or flour of any

Perfons who f°rt °f gra*n ath® than wheat of a finer defeription than pro* j have drefled fcrib«d or allowed by the faid aft, (hall be and are hereby | or ufed, See. indemnified, and are hereby declared to be freed ^nd difeharged flour of any of anj from ay fuits, informations, profecutions, judgements, oth’erfine8> penalties, and forfeitures, commenced, profecuted, ad* wheat of a	judged,, or incurred, pr which may be commenced, profecuted, 1

finer deferip- adjudged, or incurred, by or by reafon of any offence alledgea h* PIk" toi ^avie ^>een comm*tte<^ aga*nft; the faid recited aft, fo far as the redtedaft C ^ame *n any way relates to the drefiing, felling, or ufing any (hall be in- meal or flour the produce of any grain other than wheat, of a demnified. finer defeription than is by the faid aft preferibed or allowed ; any thing in the faid aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. IL

An act to repeal an act made in the lafl fojjion if parliament, intituled, An act to prevent, until the sixth day of November one thoufand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of fix wefeks. from the commencement of the then next ieffion of parliament, the manufafturing of any fine flour from wheat or other grain, and the making of any hread folely from the fine flour of wheat; and to repeal an aft pafled in. the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty fpr permitting bakers to make and fell certain forts of bread, and to make more effeftual provifion for the fame; and to indemnify millers and other perfons who have dreffed, fold, or ufed any meat or flour of a finer defeription than allowed by the faid [February 24, 1801.]

Preamble. TT THERE AS an aft was made in the lafl foffion of parliament, c* treated * * intituled, An act to prevent, until the sixth clay of iW-

iSoi.j Anno regn! quadragefimo prlmo Georcii III. c. 3.	$

member otit thoufana eight hundred and ode, and from thence to

the end of fix weeks from the commencement of the then next

feflidn of parliament, the manufacturing of any fine flour from

wheat or other grain, and the making of any bread foJely from

the fine flour ©f wheat; arid to repeal an aft palled in the thirty-

fixtli year of the reign of his prefent Majeftv, for permitting

bakers to make arid fell certain forts of bread, and to make more

efFeftual protrfion for the fame': and whereas it is expedient that

the /aid aft fhould be repealed\ and that all millers and other perfons

fvho Jhall have dreffed, fold, or ufed any meal or flour of a finer

deferiptioh than is prescribed or allowed by the faid aft Jbould be

indemnified; be it therefore enafted by the King’9 mod excellent

majefty, by and with the advice and conferit of the lords fpiri-

tual and temporal, and iommdns, in this prefent oarKament

aflembted, and by the authority of the fame, That tne faid aft and repealed.

lhafi, from and after the parfiirrg of this aft, -be, and the fame is

hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enacted, That alt millers and other Pcrfons who perfonS who, finee the twelfth day of February one thoufand eight hundred and one, (hall have drefled, fold, or ufed anyfmceFcb. meal or fl‘6ur of a finer deferiptiort than prefcribed or allowed 1801, flour of by the faid aft, or Who (hall have ufed any machine or cloth of a finer de-a finer fort than is therein deferibed, (hall be, and-are hereby ^"{kri^^bn indemnified, and are hereby declared to be freed and difeharged ^ recited ^ of and from alf fuits, informations, profecutions, judgements, aft, (hall be fines, penalties, and forfeitures, commenced, profecuted, ad- indemnified, judged, 01 incurred*, or Which may be commenced, profecuted,' . adjudged, or incurred by or by reafon thereof5 any thing in the fold aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. Ilf.

An etii for raising the fum of twenty-eight millions by way of annuities*— [March ia, 180 i.J

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE* your Majefty’s moft Atiful and loyal (ubjefts, the Preamble.

commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament afiembled, being defirou's to raife the ne-ceffary fuppiies which, we have chearfully granted to your Ma-jefty in this feflion of parliament, have refolved that the fum of twenty-eight millions be railed by annuities, in manner herein- ; after mentioned; and do therefore mod humbly befeech your Majeftythatit may be enafted $ and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fptritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Every con-every- contributor towards raising the faid fum of twenty-eight millions (hall,, for every one hundred pounds contributed and entitied to a paid, be entitled to the principal fum of one hundred pounds, principal of in confotidated* annuities, after the rate of three pounds per cen- xool. and of

B 2	/«r«r*5l-	aatbc	S

4 Ajmo regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 3. [1801.

per cent, con- turn per annum, and to an additional principal fum of twenty-ol x^in ®vc Poun(*8 *n annuities ; and alfo to a further principal fum fhe'3 percent. °f fifty Pound$ and fifteen (hillings in reduced annuities, after reduced* the fate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; the faid feveral confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum% to commence from the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and one; and the faid reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy to commence from the tenth day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred; and that the faid confolidated annuities after thd rate of three pounds per centum, and the faid reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, refpedlively, in refpeft of each one hundred pounds fo to be contributed as afore-faid, (hall be payable and transferable at the bank of England;

. and the faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum^ (hall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; andnhe faid reduced an~ * nuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum) (hall be paid ' half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of Oftober in every year.

II.	And whereas, purfuant to and upon the terms and conditions exprejjid in the {aid resolution) feveral perfons have9 in hooks opened at the bank of England for that purpofiy fubferibed together the whole of the faid fum of twenty-eight millions, to be ratfed by an-'.	nuities; and made depofits of ten pounds per centum on the rejpeftivo

fums by them fo fubferibed to the faid fum of twenty-eight millions to be raised by annuities) with the <:ajhiers of the governor and com-Contributors pany of the bank of England; be it therefore ena&ed. That it Wad*dVC fts ^ an<* may be iawful and for fitch contributors, who have to pay 2e made fuch depofits with the ca(hier or ca(hiers of the governor remainders of and company of the bank of England) (which cafluer or ca&iers fubferiptions and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of fuch by inftal-	contributions, without any other warrant to be bad In that be-

mcntl#	half), to advance and pay unto the faid calhier or calhiers of the

governor and company of the bank of England, the fever*! re* mainders of the fums by them refpedtively fubferibed towards '	the faid fum of twenty-eight Millions, at or before the refpe£tfve

days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to fay), the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the fevertf eenth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one; the further fum of ten poundsiper centum on or before the fifteenth day of May then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the nineteenth day of June then next following; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the (even-teenth day of July then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the. twtnty-firft day of Auguft then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the eighteenth day of September then next following ; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum9 on of before the fixteentl) day of Oftober then next following; and the remaining

i8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 3.	5

maining fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the eleventh day of December then next following/ # %

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be Guardian* lawful for any guardian or truftce, having the difpofition ot the

money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards ad- or 8* vancing the faid fum of twenty-eight millions, to be railed by annuities in manner aforefaid; and fuch infant, upon the payment of fuch fum or fums fubfcribed by fuch guardian or truftee,

/hall become a contributor within the meaning of this alt, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in refpeA thereof, in fuch and the like manner as any other contributor; and the faid guardian and truffle, as to the -faid fum or fums fo advanced, is hereby difcharged, fo as. -the name of fuch infant be exprefled in the receipt or receipts for fuch money.

IV.	And be it further enaAed, That every contributor pay- jWfcountto ing in the whole of the fums by them refpcAively fubfcribed in Syment of*”* re/peA of the faid fum of twenty-eight millions, to be contri- the whole of buted as aforefaid, at any time on or before the fifteenth day of fubfcriptions Oflober one thoufand eight hundred and one, (hall be entitled by Olt. 15, -to an allowance of fo much money as the interefl of each fum x8ot*

fo paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contributionr refpeAively (hall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the fame, to the eleventh day of December one thoufand eight hundred and one $ which allowance is to be paid by the faid cafhier or cafhiers out of the money to be contributed in purfuance of this alt, as foon as fuch refpeArve contributors, their executors, adminMrators,

/u£cefl©rs, and aifigns, /hall have completed fuch payment.

V.	And be it*further enalted; That the feveral fubfcribers or Contributors

contributors, their executors, a'dminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and cnt|t\ed to # afiigns, in refpelt of the faid fum of twenty-eight millions, (hall JeT^yaWe1" be entitled to an annuity, after the rate of*three pounds per cen- half-yearly, tum9 for every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them but not till refpeAively advanced and paid $ and alfo to an annuity, after the fubfcriptions like rate of three pounds	centum,	in refpeA of the faid ad- ^ctS?1-'

ditional principal Aim of twenty-five pounds, to commenceF

from the filth day of "January one thoufand eight (Hundred and one, until redemption by parliament in manner herein*after mentioned; and (hall alfo be entitled in refpeA of every fuch one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid to a further annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, in refpeA of the additional principal fum of fifty pounds and fifteen {hillings, from the tenth day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred, until redemption by parliament in manner herein-after mentioned 5 which faid refpeAive annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum refpeltively, (hall be payable and paid, half-yearly, by even and equal portions:

(that, is to fay), the faid cqnfolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum9 on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the bid reduced annuities,*

8 2	after

6 Anno regni qyadragefimo primo Geozgu III. c. 3.

.after the rate of three pounds per centum^ on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of Ofloher in every year $ the fir A payment upon the faid consolidated annuities* jffter the rate of three pounds per centum*> to be due on the fifth day of July one thou-fand eight hundred ^nd one, and on the faid reduced annuity* after the rate of three pounds per ceutum, oif tfie fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and one; but (ball not payable until the refpedive fubfcribers or Contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, (hall have completed the whole of the fums by'them fubfcribed for the purchafe of the faid annuities.

^fcriVcms ^1. And be it further enafled, That as foon as any contri-are completed butors, their-executors, adtniniftrator^, fucceffors, or affigns* they may be fhall have completed their payments of fuch part of the whole transferred, fum payable by them refpe&ively towards the faid fum of twenty** eight millions, as (ball be payable in refped of the feveral con-folidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to which they refpeclivcly (hall become entitled, in refpedt of fuch fubferiptions, the principal fum or fums in the faid confolidated annuities (hall forthwith be, in theixoakS of the bank of Eng* land, placed to the credit of fuch refpeclive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns;, completing fuch payments refpe&ively,; and as foon as fuch contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afligns, fhall have Completed the payments of fuch part of the whole (um payable # by them refpe&ively towards the faid fum of twenty-eight millions, as fliall be payable in refped of the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum* or any part thereof the principal fum or fums in the faid reduced annuities (hall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of fuch refpe&ive contributors, their executors, ad-, rniniftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, completing fuch payments $ and the perfons to whofe credit fuch principal fums (hall be fo placed, their refpe&ive executors, admituftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, fhall and may have power to affign and transfer the fame, or any^ part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate wHatfoever, in the books of the bank of England \ and the faid v	governor	and	company of the bank of England are hereby re-

quired, as foon as conveniently may be after the paffing of this ad, to prepare proper*. books for the purpofe of entering the * names of all fuch contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal fums fo paid by them refpedively; and that fuch. of the laid contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucc?f* fors, or affigns, who fball complete the payments of fuch parts of the whole fum payable by them refpedlively, towards the faid fum of twenty-eight millions, as fhall be payable in refped of any or cither of the faid refpedive annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England fhall have prepared their receipts according to. the directions of this ad,, fhall be entitled to have the fun^s fo paid fprthwithplac<ed to.

their

x 3oi»] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgi* III. c. 3.	7

their credit in the books of the bank of England; and the (aid governor and company are hereby required to caufe fuch Aims to be forthwith placed to the credit of the perfons entitled to the annuities in refpedt thereof, in the. books of the faid bank nf England-, and fuch entries in the faid books {hall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be given for all fums paid in manner aforefaid; and fuch fums mall carry the confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum* and the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per cantum per annum, refpetfively, redeemable by parliamentand fhall refpedtively be taken and deemed to be ftock transferable according to tne true intent ^nd meaning of this a&, until redemption thereof, in fuch manner as is herein-after mentioned.

VIL Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all Contributors and every fuch contributor or contributors, his, her, or their ^li^fordicir executors, adminiftrators, fpccelfors, and afiigns, who {hall fubfcriptions have paid into the hands of the faid cafhier or calhiers the whole by the times of his, her, or their contribution money, in refpeft to the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per titled to annumy on or before the fecond day of April one thoufand eight annuities at hundred and one, {hall be entitled to have and receive on the certain pe* , fifth day. of April one thoufand eight hundred and one, at the nods, bank or England* the half year’s annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, that (hall become due on the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one, and that all and every fuch contributor or contributors, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afiigns, who {ball have paid into the hands of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, the whole of bis9 her, or their contribution money in refpedl to the faid consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per cmnuniy on or before the, fecond day of July one thoufand eight ‘ hundred and one, (ball be entitled to have and receive, on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and one, at the bank of England, the half year’s annuity, ‘after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy that {hall become due on the faid fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and one; and that all and every fuch contributor or contributors, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afiigns, who (hall have paid into the hands of the faid cafhier or caftiiers, the whole of his, her, or their contribution money in refpedt of the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, on or before the seventh day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and one, fhall be entitled to have and receive,.on the tenth day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and one, at the bank of England* the year’s annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy that (hall become due on the faid tenth day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and one; and v that all and every perfon or perfons who (hall not have completed the whole of their faid payments, on or before the faid (econd day of April one thoufancTeight hundred .and one, or the faid (etond day of July one thoufand eight hundred and ope, or the

Ahno rcgni quadragefimo primo Geor6ii lit. e. f i8of *

faid seventh day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and orie* (hall, on completing the fame within the time in this ad pre-(bribed* be entitled to receive the year’s annuity, on each of the faid feveral annuities by this ad granted, or to be granted, from the tenth day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred,, and the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred arid one, rc-fpe&ively as the fame (hall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad. *

VIII.	And be it turther enaded. That all the annuities'afore-faid (hall be payable and paid, and be transferable, at the bank of England \ and (hall be fubjed to fuch redemption as is hereinafter mentioned.

IX.	And be it enaded* That fo much money (hall, from time to time, be fet apart and iflued at the receipt of the exche-

dated^fimd of cluer *n England, out of the confolidated fund of Great Britain, Great Brit?in to the faid cafhier or caffaiers of the governor and company of for payment the bank of England^ as (hall be fufficient to fatisfy and pay the refpedive annuities to be created in refped of the faid fum of twenty-eight millions, together with the charges attending the feme..

X.	And be it further enaded. That all the faid annuities, intereft, and dividends, which (hall become payable in refped of the faid fum of twenty-eight millions, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of* the confolidated fund of Great Britain.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury in Ireland, or any three or more of them for the time being, (hall from time to time, without any further warrant to be fued for* had, or obtained in this behalf, caufe to

Annuities payable and transferrabie at the bank.

Money to be

ifftied out of the confoli-

of annuities and charges;

and (hall he charged the

certain part of the loan.

The treafury in Ireland to iifue out of the confolidated fund

P3?/1*0 he iflued at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer out of the jnVngland?^ conf°hdated fund of Ireland^ and paid into the receipt of his money to an- Majefty’s exchequer in England, fo much monies as (hall be fwer annui- fufficient from time to time to anfwer to the faid exchequer in *ke feveral an^ tefpeflive annuities and other payments hereby directed to be paid thereout 5 and alfo fuch further fums as (hall be fufficient towards the finking fund, for the liquidation of the fum of two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, part of the faid loan of twenty-eight millions, and that fuch payments (hall be made into the faid exchequer in England half-yearly, by even.and equal portions, t at is to fay, fuch of the (aid fums as (hall be paid for the confolidated annuities in refpeft of the faid fum of two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, on or before the first day of July and the first day of January in every year; and fuch of the faid Turns as (hall be paid for the reduced annuities in refpefl: of the faid fum, on or before the first day of April and the fifth day of Oftober in every year; the first payment upon tfie faid confolidated annuities to be made on or before the first day of July one thoufand eight hundred and one, and on the faid reduced annuity on or before the first day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one.

Xll. And) for the more eafy and Jure payment of all the feveral

anmtitiis

l8oi.] Ahno rtgni qnadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 3. '	9

annuities ejiablijhei by this afl, be it further enacted, That the'i'hebank » faid governor and company of the bank of England^ and their aPF?,nta. fucctffors, (hall, frorti time to time, until all the faid annuities ^co^numt (hail be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more fufficienr general, and perfon or perfons, within their office in the city of London, to the treafury be their chief of firflr calbier or cafhiers, and one other fufficientto perfon, within the fame office, to be their accountant general 3 Ufued°to the and that fo much of the monies by this aft appropriated for the cafirier for purpofe, as (hall be fufficient from time to time to anfwer the payment of &id feveral and refpeftive annuities, and other payments, herein annl“t*<l* direfted to be made out of the faid monies/ in refpeft of the whole of the faid fum of twenty-eight millions, (hail by order of the commiffioners of the treafury of Great Britain, or any . three or more of them, or the high treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, without any further warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the re-Ipeftive days of payment in this aft appointed for payment thereof, be iflued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer in Great Britain, to the faid first or chief calbier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England^ and "their fucceflors, for the time being, by way of impreft and upon account, for the payment of the faid feveral and refpeftive annuities- payable by virtue of this aft; and that fuch cafhier or cafhiers, to whom the (aid money (hall from time to time be ifTued, (hall from time to time, without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the doe courfe of the exchequer in Great Britain \ and that the faid accountant genera! for the time being (ball from time to time infpeft and examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or calhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the cafhier or cafhiers Calhlrt* to of the governor and company of the bank of England, who (hall jP*1*®”?** have received, or (hall receive any part of the faid contributions |j£n8u whicii towards the faid fum of twenty-eight millions, (hall give a re- may be aflign-ceipt or receipts in writing to every fuch contributor for all, fuch ed before Oft* fums ; and that the receipts to be given (hall be affignable by ,8oI# indorfement thereupon made, at any time before the fourteenth day of Odlober one thoufand eight hundred and one, and no longer: provided always. That fuch cafhier or cafhiers fhail Caihiertogiwe give fecurity to the good liking of any three or more of the com-miffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer of Great Britain money he refer the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the re- ceives into ceipt of his Majefty’s exchequer in Great Britain, as afterthc exc^c~ mentioned, for the publick ufe, all the monies which they have already received, and (hall hereafter receive from time to time, of and for the whole of the faid fum of twenty-eight millions,	•

and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in them repofed, and (hall from time to time pay all fuch monies asfeon as he or they (hall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the fartheft,'

IP

A book to be kept in the accountant general’* of-

Anno regni quadr^geiimo primo Georgii III. c. 3; [1801.

into and (hall account for the feme, in the exchequer of Greet Britain, according to the due courfe thereof, deducing there -. . out fuch funis as {hall have been paid by him or them in pur-fiiance of this ad, for which fums fo paid allowance flwll be nude in his or their accounts.

XIV.	And be it enaded, That in the office of the accountant general of the goyernor and company of the bank of England for

________ the time being, a book or books (hall be provided and kept, in

Sceforenter- which the names of the contributors (hall be fairly entered} ing contri- which book or books the faid refpedive contributors, their re-namt8' a du-	executors, admioiftrators, fucceflors, and affigns, (hall

plicate’where*an<* may from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort of to be tranf- to and infped without any-fee or charge ; and that the faid ac-mitted to the countanf general (hall, on or before the fifth day of July one »utftor of the thoufend eight hundred and two, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, exenequer. fa;ri„ written on paper, of the faid book or books into the office of the auditor* of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer of Great Britain, there to remain for ever.	^

Contributors XV. And he it further enaded, That fuch contributors, duly their?ubfcnp- Pay*n? the whole fum fo fubferibed at or before the refpedive lions entitled times in this ad limited in that behalf, and their refpedive exe-to annuities cutors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and affigns, (hall have, receive, tax free. and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this ad to have* receive, and enjoy, the faid feveral annuities, by this ad granted in refped of the fum fo fubferibed out of the monies granted and appropriated in this feffion of parliament for payment thereof and (hall have good and fore interefts and eftates therein, according to the feveral proyifions in this ad contained, and that the feveral annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and >'	impofitions whatfoever.

Subfcriptions XVI. Provided always. That in cafe any fuch contributors paid m part who have already dqpofited with, or Stall hereafter pay to the

frited.

pleted, for- CM ca(hier or cafhiers any fum or fum$ of money at the rime and in the manner herein-before mentioned, ip part of the fum or fums fo by them refpedively fubferibed, or tlieir refpedive executors, adminiftrators, fucceuors, or affigns, (hall not advance and pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, the refidue of the fum or fums fo fubferibed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every fuch cafe fo much of the refpec-tive fum or fums fo fubferibed, as (hall have been a&ually paid in part thereof to the faid calhier or calhiers, (hall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per armum% and of three pounds per centum per annum refpedively, in refped thereof, (hall be extinguifhed j any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XVII. And be it further enaded, That all perfons who (hall be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in refped of the faid fum of twenty-etght millions, and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, (ball be poftefled thereof as of a perfonal eftatc, which (hall nut be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any

fpreign

Annuities to be deemed perfonal eitate.

iBoi.] Annorejgniquadragefimo prinio Georgix III. c, 3. if

foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife} any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftaading.

XVIII.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall be lawful Treafurymay for three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the

high treafurer of Groat Britain, for the time being, to iflue and "he exche* apply from time to time all fuch fums of money as (hall be fo quer. paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer of Great Britain, by the laid cafhier or cafhiers, tp fuch fervices as (hall then have been voted by the commons of the united |cingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this prefent feflion of parliament*

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the Treafuryinay laid lords commiOioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three part of or more of them, (hall and may, and thev are hereby authorifed, the loan, out of the faid fum of twenty-eight millions, to remit to the exchequer of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland,

from time to time, any fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, to be applied to fuch fervices for Ireland, as (hall have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ire* land, in this prefent feffion of parliament.

XX.	And be it further enaded. That books Hull be con- Accountant Handy kept by the faid accountant general for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers of all fums advanced or fo^coterinf contributed towards the faid fum of twenty-eight millions, (hall transfers, be entered and regiftered; which entry (hall be conceived in

proper words for (hat purpofe, and (hall be figned by the parties making fuch augments or transfers, or if fuch parties be abfent, by their refpedive attorney or attoriries thereunto lawfully authorifed, in writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feats, to be attefted by two or more credible wit-fteifes, and that the feveral perform to whom fuch transfers (hall be raode, (hall refpectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning and transferring the faid annuities, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, (ball be good or available in law: provided always. That all perfons* Stock ^ poflefled of any (hare or intereft in either of the faid docks of dtvi cd* annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devtfe the fame by will, in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles; but that bo payment (hall be made upon any fuch devife, until fa much of the faid will as relates to fuch (hare, eftate, or inte-teft, in the faid (locks of annuities, be entered in the faid office;	not

and that in default of (itch transfer or devtfe, fuch (hare, eftate, duties.0 or intereft, in tke.faid flocks of annuities, (hall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fucccflors, andaffigns* and that no ftarop duties whatfoever (hall he charged on any of the faid transfers y any law or ftatute to the contrary notwttbftanding.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That auv Treafary may of the monies arifing from the contributions towards rafting the (aid fum of twenty-eight millions by annuities, any three or penccs out of more of the commitiioners of the treafary, or the high tsea&re* conrribu-«f Gruil Britain foi the tiois being.. /hall have power to iiC.

12 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 3. [1801.

to the caihier charge all fuch incident charges as (hall neceflarily attend the and account- execution of this ad, in fuch manner as to them (hall feem juft an gener . an(j	.	anj	a)fc	to fettjc anc| appoint fuch allowances

as (hall he thought proper for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid contributions; and alfo (hall have power to make, out of the confolidated fuqd, fuch further allowances as (hall be judged reafonable for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid c*(hicr or cafhiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities paying by virtue of this ad; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant general, for performing the truft repofed in him by this ad; all which allowances to be made as aforefaid, in refped of the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the (aid governor and company, (hall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only.

The 3I. per XXII. And be it further enacted. That all the monies to trader^thisaft	an7 Per^on or perfons (hall become entitled by virtue of

tabTaddWto	m wfpccl of any fum advanced or contributed towards

the joint (lock the faid fum of twenty-eight millions, on which the faid annui-of 3J-percent, tics first mentioned, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, (hall be attending, (hall be added to the joint (lock of annuities transferable at the bank of Englandt into which the feveral fums carrying an intereft after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were, by feveral ads made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by feveral fubfequent ads, confolidated, and (hail be deemed part of the (aid joint ftock of annuities, fubjed never-thelefs to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner, and upon fuch notice as in the faid ad made inthe twenty-fifth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, is direded in fefped of the feveral and refpedive'annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid aft; and that all and every perfon and perfons and corporations what-foever, in proportion to the money to which he, (he, or they (ball become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this ad, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid joint ftock of annuities at* the rates aforefaid.

XXIII. And. be it further enaded, That all the monies to

conibl**

The 3I. per cent, reduced

to be added to wh*ch any perfon or perfons (hall become entitled by virtue of rhejoint ftock this ad, in refped of any fum advanced or contributed towards €31. per cent, the faid fum of twenty-eight millions, on which the faid annuity reduced. Uft mentioned, after the rate of three pounds per centum per an-numy (hall be attending, (haft be added to the joint ftock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, which by an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majefty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum, to three pounds per centum per annum^ and (hall be deemed part of the (aid joint ftock of annuities, fubjed neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner and upon fuch notice*as in the feveral ads by which the. (aid annuities after the rate of four 1 ‘	. pounds

*8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgh IIL c. 3.	13,

pounds per centum per annum were refpe&ively granted, are directed in refped of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, (he, or	r

they (hall become entitled as aforefaid by yjrtue of this ad, lhall have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (hare in the (aid joint dock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.

XXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon perfons (hall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be^p*, forged or counterfeited, or (hall willingly ad or aifift in the contributions forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole guilty of of, or any part or parts of, the faid contributions towards the *clo°y* faid fum of twenty-eight millions, either with or without the name or names of any perfon or perfons being inferted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or (hall alter any number, figure, or Word therein, or utter or publifh,. as true, any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England^ or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, every fuch perfon or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly a&ing or affifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publiftiing as aforefaid, being thereof convided in due form of law, (hall be adjudged * guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit

XxV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the tacon. hid governor and company of the bank of England) and their TOmiontiU (ucccflbrs, notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of their the annuities own 'funds, in purfuance of the ads for eftablilhing the fame, hercbyarauU or any of them, (hall continue a corporation for the,purpofes c<* of this ad, until all the annuities by this ad granted (hall be redeemed by parliament as aforefaid; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof,

(hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in putfuance of this ad.	,

XXVi. And be it further enaded, That no fee, reward, or1*®***0** gratuity whatfoever, (hall be demanded or taken of any of his ^^ngcoiu Majefty’s fubjeds, for receiving or paying the faid fubfeription tributfoos, or or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con- paying or eerning the fame, or for paying the faid annuities, or any oftrmwniag them, or for any transfer of any fum, great or (mall, to be	sol.

made in pjjrfuance of this ad, upon pain that any officer or 1 perfon offending, by taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward, or gratuity, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full colls of fuit, to be recovered by ?dion of debit, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler) wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction or

order

14 Anno regni quadragefitnoprmio Gkorgii 111* e. 4, 5. fiSoi*

order of reftraint, or any more than One imparlance fhall be granted or allowed.

Perfonsfned, XXVII. And be it farther enafted, That if any perfon or may pleadi the perfons {hall be fu^d, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing gener 1 lie. cjonc by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, fuch perfon or persons fhall and may plead the general ifTue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdift fhall pafs for the (defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difcontinue his, her, or their aftion or prosecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement fhall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer Treble cofts. or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hail have treble cofts awarded to him, hft, or them, againft any fuch plaintiff (	*	or plaintiffs.

Aft may be XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this aft maybe *ealS?this6* var*e^» altered, or repealed by any aft to be pafied in this feffion Ftffion. W parliament.

CAP. IV.

An act to enable the lords commiflioners of his Majefty's treafury to ifTue exchequer bills, on the credit of ffcch aids or fnpplies as have been or fhall be granted by parliament, for the fcrvice of the year one thoufand .* eight hundred and one.—[March iz, 1801.]

The treafbry may ifTue exchequer bills agreeably to thofe iflued under the malt aft of the laffe feflion, c. 7. to be payable out of the fupplies for x3oi, on t4 days notice in the Gazette, &c. Treafury not to ifTue un-der this aft exchequer bills on the credit of 41 Geo. 3. c. 7. and 8. or oh any aids that may be granted next feflion. Exchequer bills dial! bear an intereft not exceeding three pence halfpenny per cent, per diem.. Exchequer bills fo iflued, not to be received in payment of the revenue or at the exchequer until the fame become payable. Bank of England may lend 5,000,oool. on the credit of this aft.

CAP. V.

An ait to enable his Majejiy to grant a certain annuity to captain fir Sidney Smith, in confideration of .the eminent ferviccs which he . has rendered during bis command on the coajt of Egypt. —[March 24, 1801.]

Moft gracious Sovereign, fcneambie. ^fT7HEREAS your Majejiy, by your mojl gracious mejfage to TV your faithful commons^ hath been pleafed to fignify your defire of conferring a Jignal mark of your fervour and approbation on cap-fainJir Sidney Smith, in confluence of the eminent ferv'ices which he bqf rendered\ and the valour and ability which he has di[playjed during the whole period of the important operations tyitb the condutf of which he has beeit entrujled on thecoajl of Egypt, ojidparticularly in the gallant and heroic defence of the fortrefs of Acrfc, and fhaty for that purpofe an annuity of one thoufand pounds foould be granted to the faid fir Sidney Smith, during the term of his natural lifey to be paid out of the cohfolidated'fund: now we, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great

Britain

I So i.] Anno regni quadragefima primo Geohoii 111. c. $.

Britain in parliament aflembled, duly confidering your Majcfty’a . moft gracious intention, do mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in .this prefent par- # liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhal) and may be lawful to and for the King’s moft excellent majesty to give and grant unto the faid fir Sidney Smith an an- Smith for life nuity not exceeding one thoufand pounds, clear of all deductions an annuity of . wharfaever, for and during the life of the faid fir Sidney Smith, toool-tocom* and which may commence and take effect from the tvyenty-firft	^

day of May one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-nine; ^ andtobeoav-firft payment to be computed from the faid twenty-fall day of ableinmanner May one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the fifth herein men-day of January one thoufand eight hundred and one, and from tioned, out of thenceforth (hall be paid quarterly at the four ufual days of pay- dktcd°fu°dl ment in the year; that is to fay, the fifth day of April* the fifth	n

day of July, the tenth day of October* and the fifth day of Ja• nuary, in every year; and that the faid annuity (hall and may* be iffuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the cotifoKdated fund of Great Britain, after paying or rfcferving fufficient to pay all fttch fain and fums of money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the fame, by any former a£t or a&s of parliament, but with preference to all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon and payable out of the faid fund.

11.	And be it furtber enaded, That the faid annuity of one The annuity thoufand pounds fhall, during the life of the faid fir Sidney Smith, ^^begio be paid and payable at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer out qua?*without of the faid fund $ and the auditor of the faid receipt fhall, and fees/ he is hereby required to make forth and pafs debentures, from time to time for paying the faid annuity, as the fame fhall become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof, and the ac~ quittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts of the faid fir Std± my Smith, fhall be a. good and fufficient difeharge for the payment thereof; and the faid debentures to be made forth and palled fhall.be a fufficient authority to the feveral and refpe&ive officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the faid annuity to the faid fir Sidney Smith, during the continuance cd the fame, without any further ■or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained, in- that

1 behalf.

1 III. And' be it farther qna<5led. That the faid annuity or u”1r

yearly fam of orie thoufand pounds, fo to be granted to the faid" *■ fir Sidney Smithy fhail not be charged with the payment of or be fabje& to any tax, rate, or affeffinent, impofed or to be impoled by authority of parliament, or otherwife howfoeVer, nor to any other charges whatfoever; any law. cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithfwding^

CAP.

>6 Aonoregni quadragefimoprirao Georgii III. c. 6. [1801.

CAP. VI.

An nil far incrtajing the number of field officers of the feveral regiments of militia in Ireland.—{March 24, 1801.J

WHEREAS it is expedient to tncreafe the number of field officers in the regiments of militia in that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, by adding one additional lieutenant colonel and one additional major to fuch of the faid regiments as confijl of tight companies or upwards, and one additional major to juch of the faid regiments as tonfift of seven companies or under : and whereas the Antrim, Armagh, North Cork, South Cork, city of Cork, Donegal!, city of Dublin, Galway, Kerry, Kilkenny, King’s County, county of Limerick,' Londonderry, Louth, Meath, Monaghan, Rofcommon, Tipperary , Tyrone, Waterford, and Wexford regiments of militia in Ireland, confijl of eight companies and upwards; and the Car-low, Cavan, Clare, North Dowftfhire, South Downfhire, county ^Dublin, Fermanagh, Kildare, Leitrim, city of Limerick, Longford, North Mayo, South Mayo, Queen’s County, Sligo, Weftmeath, and Wicklow regiments confijl of seven companies, or under seven companies; be it therefore enadted, by the King's moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent &c!of Ireland Par^ament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, # may iflue or- from and after the patting of this aft, it (bail and may be lawful dere to the	for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of j

colonels or	Ireland, to iflue orders to the feveral colonels or commanders

t*xe feveral regiments before mentioned, requiring fuch colo- 1 mentsofmi- nels or other commanding officers to appoint additional field litia herein- officers in the feveral regiments under their command, accord-mentioned, fog (0 the number of additional field officers herein-before themmap- jn®ntioned to each regiment refpedtively; and alfo to diredt fuch point addu colonel or other commanding officer to certify the names and tional field ranks of fuch officers fo appointed to the lord lieutenant or officers, ficc. other chief governor or governors of Ireland.

Such add!- II. And be it ena&ed, That all fuch additional field officers | tional field tbus appointed, if qualified, in manner as field officers'of the | qutiffied, and ^ame ran^ the militia of Ireland are now by law required to i notdifapprov- be, and not disapproved of by the lord lieutenant or other chief 1 ed of by the governor or governors of Ireland, within fourteen days after l°rd w5ute“ fuch certificate fhall be laid before him or them, fhall, to all ^thinfour- intents and purpofes, be deemed and taken as field officers of teen days af- the refpediive regiments in the refpedtive ranks to which their ter being cer- commiffions (hall refpedtively appoint them, and (hall have the tifi*dtohim, fame powers according to fuch commiffions refpedtively, that rankandpav,°tbcr fi«ld officers in the militia now have, and fhall have ranlc^ 1 fire, as the and receiyt pay according to fuch rank from the dates of their j field officers refpedtjvf commiffions, in.manner and form as the field officers | offorcditia of the militia regiments qt Ireland are now entitled thereto*

Preamble.

The lord

CAP.

iSoi.] Annoregni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 7.	17

CAP. VII.

Jhi aft for repealing the rates ami duties of poftage in Great Bri* tain, and granting other rates and duties in lieu thereof and on Utters conveyed to or from any part of the united kingdom from or to any place out of the [aid kingdomj and by packet boats from or to the ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven.—-[March 24, 1801.]

Moil gracious Sovereign*

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the Phobic.

commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ in parliament aflembled, being defirous of railing the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick ex pence?, and of making a permanent addition to the publick* revenue; and thinking it expedient that the rates of poftage eftabliihed by an act made in the * ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne* and by four feveral afts of the fifth, twenty-fourth, thirty-fourth, *nd thirty-feventh years of your Majefty’s reign, Ihould be repealed, and that other rates of poftage fliould be granted; have therefore freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty, the rates and duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the feveral rates The rates of of poftage eftablilhed within Great Britain by an aft, made in £"a“ the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anney in- ^,nc> c. xo. tituled, An act for ejlablijhing a general poft office for all her Atajeftfs dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the feruice of the war, and other her Majefty occafions; and by another aft, made in the fifth year of the reign *

"of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An qft to alter certain rates of S Geo. 3. poftage; and to ameni% explain, and enlarge feveralprovifions in an c* aft made in the ninth year of the reign of $hteen Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of'the poft office \ and by another aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act for granting to his Majefty certain ad-dtitonal rates of poftage for conveyance of Utters and packets by the K 7# po/l within the kingdom of Great Britain, for preventing frauds in the revenue, carried *on by the conveyance of certain goods in Utters and packets 3 and for further preventing frauds and dbufes in rela~ tion to the fending and receiving of Utters and packets free from poftage; and by another aft, made in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act for altering 37 Geo. 3* certain rates of poftage for conveyance of letters in England andc% 1 *’ Scotland refpeftivelyy and of packets to and from Great Britain from end to Portugal and the Britifh colonies in America refpec-Vol. XLIIL	C	tivelyi

x8 Anno rcgni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 7. [1801.

tivelj i and for Jotting apart, at the receipt of the Exchequer for a certain period, out of the revenues of the poft office, the annual fum of forty thoufand pounds, towards defraying the encreafei charge occajtoned by any loan ratfed or Jlock created, by any attor afts pajjei and the rates injhe thirty-fifth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty j and alfo letter”byythe ratc or ^unrl of one penny eftablifhed for the conveyance of penny poft, letters and packets by the carriage called The Penny rojl from Kablimcd by any place to any other place, being refpe&ively within the cities 34 Gc#k 3ii London and JVefiminfler, the borough of Southwark, and the ceafeVrom refpedlive fuburbs thereof, and of letters put into the penny poft April jy S30Z# office to be forwarded by the general poft, by an a& made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a& for regulating the portage and conveyance of Utters by the carriage called The Penny Poft, (hall, from and after the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one, ceafe and determine, fave and except i« all cafes relating to the demand-ing, recovering, receiving, paying, or accounting for any arrears thereof refpe&ively, which may, on the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one, remain unpaid, or any i fine, penalty, or forfeiture refpe&ing the fame, which (hall have been incurred at any time before the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one* ,

II.	And be it further ena&ed^ That, from and after the (aid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty’s poftmafter-general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto fufiiciently authorifed, to and fot the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of all letters and packets which he (hall convey, carry, or fend poft within Great Britain, according to the feveral rates and fums hereinafter mentioned, the fame being rated by the letter, or by the ounce; (that is to fay).

Rates by the For the port and conveyance of letters by the general poft, general poft. no$ exceeding fifteen meafured miles within Great Britain, for . every Angle letter three-pence ; for every double letter fixpence j for every treble letter, or other letter under an ounce in weight, nine-pence; and for every ounce in weight, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight, one (hilling; and fo in pro-* portion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

4 For the port and conveyance of letters by, the poft above fifteen meafured miles, and not exceeding thirty miles, within Great Britain, for every Angle letter four-pence; for every double letter eight-pence 5 for every treble letter, or other letter under an ounce in weight, one (hilling; and for every ounce in weight, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight,. one (hilling and four-pence; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce;

• For. the port and conveyance of letters by the .poft above

thirty

From April c, 1801, the following rates to be paid*

1801.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgxi IIL c. 7.	19

thirty meafured miles, and not exceeding fifty miles* within'

Great Britain, for every fingle letter five-pence; for every double letter ten-pence; for every treble letter, or other letter under an ounce in weight, one (hilling and three-pence; and for every ounce in weight, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight, one. (hilling and eight-pence; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and conveyance of letters Jby the poll above * fifty meafured miles* and not exceeding, eighty miles, within Great Britain*, for every Angle letter fixpence; for every double letter one (hilling; for every treble letter, or^other letter under an ounce in weight, one (hilling and fixpence; and for every ounce in weight, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight, two (hillings and fixpence \ and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and conveyance of letters by the poft above eighty tneafured miles, and not exceeding one hundred and twenty miles, within Great Britain, for every fingle letter (even-pence ; for every double letter one (hilling and two-pence; for every treble letter, or other letter under an ounce in weight, one (hilling and nine-pence; and for every ounce in weight, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight, two (hillings and four-pence, and fo in proportion for every other, letter or packfet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and'Conveyance of letters by the poft above one hundred and twenty measured miles, and not exceeding one hundred and feventy miles, within Great Britain, for every fingle letter eight-pence; for every double letter one (hilling and four-pence'; for every treble letter, or other letter under an ounce in weight, two (hillings ; and for every ounce in weight, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight, two ihillings and eight-pence; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and conveyance of letters by the poft above one hundred and feventy meafured miles, and not exceeding two hundred and thirty mHes,. within Great Britain, for every (ingle letter nine-pence; for every double letter one (hilling and fix-pence; for every treble letter or other letter under an ounce in weight, two (hillings and three-pence; and for every ounce in weight, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weighty three (hillings; and (o in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and conveyance of letters by the poft above two hundred and thirty meafured miles, and not exceeding three hundred miles, within Great Britain, for every fingle letter ten-pence; for every double letter one lhilling and eight-pence; for every treble letter or other letter under an ounce in weight, two (hillings and fixpence; and for every ounce in wejght, and for every packet not .exceeding an ounce in weight* three flail-	(

c 2	ling*

\

20 Anno regdi quadrkgefimo primo Geokgii III* c. 7. [r$<Jn

lings and tour-pence; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and conveyance of every Angle letter by the poft, for every diftance of one hundred meafured miles above three hundred miles which fuch letter (hall be fo carried or conveyed within Great Britain, a further fum of one penny ; for every # double letter, a like further fum of two-pence * for every treble letter or other letter under an ounce in weight, a like further fum of three-pence j and for every ounce in weight, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce, in weight, a like further fum of four-pence; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce;

And where fuch diftance above three hundred meafured miles (hall not amount to one hundred miles, the like further fum for every Angle letter one penny; for every double letter, the like further fum of two-pence; for every treble letter or other letter under an ounce in weight, the like further fum of three-pence; for every ounce in weight, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight, the like further fum of four-pence ; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

And where the diftance above three hundred meafured miles fhall exceed one hundred miles, and fo progrefiively for any like excels of diftance of one hundred miles, the like further Ann for every Angle letter one penny; for every double tetter, the' like further fum of two-pence; for every treble letter or other letter under an ounce in weight, the like further fum of three-pence; for every ounce in weight, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight, the like further fum of four-pence ; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and conveyance of letters by the poft to or from any part of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from or to any places out of the faid kingdom not within his Majefty’s dominions, in addition to all other rates now payable, for every Angle letter four-pence; for every double letter eight-pence ; for every -treble letter or other letter under an ounce in weight, one lhilling; and for every ounce in weight, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight, one (hilling and four-pence; and So in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce.

Rates by the Hi. And be it further 'ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for his penny poit. Majefty’s poft mailer-general* and his deputy and deputies, officer and officers, to demand, have, receive, and take for the conveyance of every letter originally fent by the poft. heretofore known by the name of The Penny PoJl% (and not first pafling t>y the general poft), the poftage whereof (hall jnot be paid on putting the fame into the office of the faid poft, the feveral rates or fums of money herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay), for the

conveyance

j

iSoi.] Anno regni quadragefimo priiho GLeorgii III. c. 7.	21

conveyance of every letter fent by the faid poft from any place within the cities of London and Weftminfler, the borough of Southwark, and the refpeAive fuburbs thereof, to any other place within the lame cities and borough and the fuburbs thereof, the fum of two-pence ; for the conveyance of every letter put into fuch. laft-mentioned poll office to be forwarded by the ge« neral poff, the fum of two-pence.

IVv And be it further enabled. That, from and after the faid Merchants fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one, all mer- accounts, bills chants accounts, bills of exchange, invoices, and bills of lading whatever, (ball be rated, taxed, and paid for, as fo many feveral rated as let-letters, or by the ounce, according to the refpeAive rates byters. this adt made payable on letters and packets conveyed by the general poft.

V.	And be it further enaAed, That, from and after the The poftmaf-paffing of this a A, it (hall be lawful to and for his Majefty’s ter-general poftmafter-general, in his diferetion, to undertake, at cx-S?hecon-pence of the revenue of the poft office, the conveyance and vey.mce of delivery of letters direAed to perfons abiding in towns, villages, letters to and and places (not being poft towns), from the refpeAive poft fr®1” P**ces towns to which fuch letters (hall be carried by the poft in the townstin^r>°it ufual manner; and alfo the colleAion and conveyance of letters fuch fums for in and from fuch towns, villages, and places, in order to be extra fenrioe fent by the poft: and to take fuch fum and fums of money for asm*y

the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for fuch refpec* aKrccduPonl tive extra service to be performed, as (hall and may from time to time be mutually agreed upon by and between the poft* mafter* general and the inhabitants refpcAively.

VI.	Provided always nevertheiefs, and be it further enaAed,

That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to jjJJ1 extend, to hinder or prevent the inhabitants of any fuch towns, p|ace8*iiuyUaA villages, and places refpeAively, from carrying or recarrying, a8 heretofore* or employing any meflenger, fervant, or other perfon to carry

or recarry any letters or packets, to or from the poft town in fuch manner as they have heretofore been accuftomed and are . by law authorised $ any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enaAed, That the monies to arUe Monies nrifing and be. received for fuch extra fervices as aforefaid (hall, after Jr01*1 extra. paying the expences incurred, be applied in fuch manner as

prefent rates of poftage are by law applicable.	mtt. 1

VIII.	And be it further enaAed, That, from and after the The poft* paffing of this aA, it (hall be lawful to and for bis Majefty’s mafter-gene* poftmafter-general, in his diferetion, to enter into any agree* ral may agree ment or agreements with, or to take fccurity from, any perfon

or perfons applying to him for that purpofe, for.indemnifyingnifyjnghjs his Majefty* his heirs and fucceffors, in whole or in part, and Majefty for fuch time as the poftmaftet-general. may think nece(6ry,agamft the ex* againft the expences which (hall or may be incurred.beyond ^e^a^e7nc«r* fates of poftage, by extending the conveyance of letters by poft re(»ybeyond .	C	3	to	the rates by

Rites of packet pottage from or to Holyhead or Milford ’ Haven* to or from any . ports in Ireland.

A&not to

22 Anno regni quadragefimo primoGEORGU III. c. 7. [1801.

extending the to or from any places where fuch conveyance (hall be extended conveyance of at ^ requc(i qf fuch perfoit or perfons, and it (hall appear r8a doubtful to the faid poftmafter whether by extending the faid conveyance an additional expence to the revenue may not be incurred.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the faid fifth day of April one thou fa nd eight hundred and one, it (hall be lawful to and for his Majefty’s poftmafter-general,, and his deputy and deputies, by him thereunto fufficiently authorifed, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, to demand, have, receive, and take for the port and conveyance of all and every the letters and packets, that (hail be carried or conveyed by packet boats from or to the ports of Holyhead or Milford Haven, to or from any ports in Ireland, over and above all the rates payable for fuch letters or packets, a packet pottage, according to the rates or fums herein-after mentioned, that is to fay, for every (ingle letter, two-pence; for every double letter, four-pence; for every treble letter, or other letter left than an ounce in weight, fixpence; and for. every ounce in weight, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight, eight-pence; and fo in proportion for every letter or packet exceeding an ounce in* weight.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing ofM^eup- herein contained (hall increafe or alter, or be conftrued to in-on^angle let- creafe or alter, the amount or manner of charging the rates of tersfentby orpoftage upon Angle letters to be font by the poft, by or to fea-

men or privates employed in his Majefty’s navy, army, militia, by 3s^eo. 3. fenc&le regiments, artillery, or marines, upon their own private c# 53;	*3# concerns only, whilft fuch teamen and privates (hall be employed

in the publick service as afore&id, made payable by an aSt patted ; in the* thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, inti* tried. An a& for further regulating the fending and receiving letters free from the duty of poftage; for allowing non-comfaijjionid affteers, feamen, and private men, ire tire navy and army, wbiljl on fervice, te fend and receive letters at a low rate of poftage; and for ,	permitting	patterns	arid	Jhmples of goods* to- he tranfmitted by tht

poft at an eafier rate than is now allowed by law; any thing herein- before contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. Norseman- XI. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That nothing jiM? forwt?* herein contained (hall increafe or aher, or be conftrued to interns ofcloth, creafe or alter, the amount or manner of charging the rate of See. under poftage upon letters, packets, or covers, containing patterns of cloth, fiik, fluff, or other goods, or famples of other fort of things, not exceeding one ounce in weight, made payable by the (aid lad-mentioned a&, -patted in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof la any wife notwithftanding.

• -XII. And be it further ena&ed. That, from and after the faid fifth day of April one thoriand eight hundred and one, ail and every the dairies* provifions, powers* privileges* advantages,

that a&.

Powers of

S&s relating tothepoft-office, not re-

iSqi.J Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 7.	23

tages, difabilities, penalties, and methods, for the recovery of pealed oral-the fame, and all other matters and things in force at the time *??*• of paffing this a<ft, and contained in the faid made in the to ninth year of the reign of her (aid late majesty Queen Ame% or in any other of the before-mentioned ads of parliament, or in any other a St or ads of parliament, fo far as the fame relate to the pod office, (and not repealed or altered by this ad), (hall continue in force, and ihall be applied and extended, and (hall be conftrued to apply and extend,,to this prefent aid, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been particulaily repeated and re-cnaded in the body of this prefent ad.

XIII.	And be it further enaded. That the feveral rates and	*

duties herein-beforc granted, together with fuch other rates and r^vw-Miie-duties of the revenue of the poft office as (hall bej>y law pay- raj Qf thepoft able and received after the faid fifth day of April one thoufand office, who eight hundred and one, (hall be paid from time to time into the (h*ll pay the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the revenue J^2heouer of the pod: office, who (hall pay the fame (the neceflary charges to be carried for colleding, paying, and accounting for the fame being first to the confo~ deduded) into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer on fuch lidated fond*: days and times, and in fuch manner, as the rates and duties hereby repealed were by any law in force at and immediately before the paffing of this z& directed to be paid, and the (aid money fo to be paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid (hall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That out Application of the monies anting by the faid rates and duties hereby im-pofed, and fuch other rates and duties of the revenue of the 0$ce a^cr poft office as ihall be by law payable after the faid fifth day of April 5t 1801. Aprily after fetting apart quarterly the feveral fums of one hun-dred and two thoufand fix hundred and thirty-nine pounds, and of ten thoufand pounds, in the manner and for the purpofes directed by the faid a& palled in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, the further fum of forty-nine thoufand fix hundred and two pounds, being one-fourth part of the annual average produce for three years, ending on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred, of the remainder of the rates and duties granted by the faid laft-mentioned a #, and > directed thereby to bp fet apart, or fo much thereof as ihall be fufficient, (hall, according to the faid laft-mentioned a#, be fet apart as an addition made to the publick revenue for the purpofes therein mentioned; and after fetting apart the feveral {ums above-mentioned, or fo much as (hall be fufficient, the remainder of the faid revenue ihall, during the period* of ten years after the paffing of this a&, be entered in the books in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diftin&ly and apart from, all other branches of the publick’ revenue $ and that the faid remainder of the faid rates to be fet apart, or fo tpuch thereof as folli be fufficient, (ball be deemed ah addition made to the reve-

c 4	nue.

24 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 8. [i8ot.

nue, for the purpofe of defraying the encreafed charge occafioned by any loan made, or flock created or to be created, for the ! service of Great Britain, by virtue of any alt or alts paiTed or , to be palled in this fedicdt of parliament; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the (aid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which the faid remainder of the faid revenue (hall,* together with tbe • monies ariiing from any other duties granted or to be granted in this feflion of parliament, for the purpofe of defraying fuch en- -created charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from , all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs and «

'	fucceffors,	upon	any	account	whatever,

Perfonsfued XV. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or perform , «mra?(Tue	at anV t*mc or tiroes, be fued, moleded, or profecufed for <

any thing lyr him, her, or them done or executed in purfuance 1 of this alt, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon and perfons (ball and may plead the general ifltie, ’ and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdi& (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuired, Treble cods. then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him, her, or them, againil fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Alt may be XVI. And be it further ena&ed, That this all may be ! ^5fe?.?rrew altered, varied, or repealed by any alt or a Its to be made in ?cflion. 1 this P**fent fcffion of parliament,

CAP. VIII.

An ail for granting to his Majefty certain additional duties on paper, pajieboara\ millboard, and fcaleboard, made in or imported into Great Britain ; and on tea imported into and fold in Great Britain.—[March 24, 1801.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TY7E, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the VV commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament aflembled, towards raising the  necessary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expcnces, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majedy the feveral new and additional rates and duties of cuftoms and excife herein refpeltively mentioned; and do therefore mod humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be eftalted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the z<\vice and confenc of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, ^ana by the There (hall be authority of the fame,. That there (hall be railed, levied, col-P*lJ*on th* felled, and paid, tp and for the ufe of his Majedy, his heirs * tioned8^11' Alcceffors, upon the feveral goods, wares, merchandizes, annexed fche-and commodities, mentioned and deferibed in the fchedule$ dulesAandB, refpeltively marked A and B hereunto annexed, the feveral the duties	fuais

L

s8oi.J Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 3,	25

fums of money, and duties of cuftoms and excife, as they are therein fet refpe&ively infer ted, defer ibed, and fet forth in the faid fche-dules i' and that there (hall be made, allowed, and paid, for-or aiSowedTas in refpedl of goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities, fpecified in for or in refped whereof any duty of excife is by this ad im« fchedules C pofed, to the feveral perfons entitled to the fame, the feverai a«dfD,.aI drawbacks of excife, as the fame are alfo refpedively infested, deferibed, and fet forth in the fchedules refpedively marked C and D hereunto annexed, and alfo all fuch fpecial allowances as are particularly direded by any ad or ads of parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this ad.

II.	And be it further enaded, That fuch of the fai<J duties of Duties to be cuftoms by this ad impofed as (hall arife or become due in that part of Great Britain called England, (ball be under the manage-	la-

ment of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England for the miflioncrs of time being; .and fuch thereof as (hall arife and become due in the cuftoms * that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the anc* .cxcj^ management of. the commtiEoners of the cuftoms in Scotland f"otland re* for the time being; and that fuch of the excife duties by this ad fpeAivcly* impofed as (hall arife or become due in that part of Great Br> tain called England, (hall be under the management of the commiflioners of excife in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as (ball arife or become due in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the management of the commif-iioners of excife in Scotland for the time being.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral fums of Duties and money rcfpe&ively inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in the faid £ra^bJc^ feveral fchedules to this.ad annexed, marked A and B refpec- by this lively, as the duties of cuftoms and excife refpedively granted aA) (hall be by* this ad ; and the drawbacks of the duties of excife fee . forth managed as in the faid fchedules refpedively, marked C and D, upon the feveral goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities inferted in	*

thofe fchedules refpedively,, (hall (except where any alteration be under a As is exprefslv made by this ad) be managed, afeertained, raifed, now in force, levied, collected, recovered, anfwered, and paid, adjudged,.roiti-gated, and allowed, in fuch and the like manner, and in or by ijktregula* any or either of the means, ways, or methods refpedively, bytions. which the refpedfve duties of cuftoms and excife, and draws backs of duties of excife,. upon goods, Wares,, merchandizes, or commodities of tbe.fame forts or kinds refpedively, were or	~	*

might be raifed, levied, colle&ed, anfwered, paid,.recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and ^allowed by any ad- or ads now in . force relating to the,duties of cuftoms and excife refpedively; and that all the goods, wares, merchandizes* or commodities fo by this ad refpedively made liable to; the payment ofi or chargeable, with duties of cuftoms or excife refpedively, .or. fo entitled to drawbacks of duties^otf excife, as refpedively inferted, -deferibed, and fet forth in the (aid fchedules hereunto annexed, <	'	.

(hall be, and the fame are hereby mado'fnhjed and liable (ex-cept where any alteration is e^pfefely made -by this ad) to all

and

28 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii in. c. 8: {r8ot,

to time be paid in$o the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at JVejimtnJler; and the (aid mon$y fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefiiid, flxall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

Application of. X. Provided always, and he it further enacted, That all the duties. monies arifing or to arife by the faid rates and duties, or any of them, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpofe of defraying the encreafed charge occafioned by any loan made, or (lock created or ,to be created by virtue of any aft or afts patted or to be patted in this feffion of parliament; and that the faid monies (hall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejlminjiery diiliuftly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arittng from, the faid rates and duties, and paid inro the faid receipt, (hall, together with the monies arifing frdln any rates and duties granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpdfes of defraying fuch encreafed charge as aforefaid', be entered fepa-rate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Ma-jefty, his heirs or/uqceflors, upon any Account whatever. > Commence* XL And be it further enacted, That this aft (hall commence jnent of aft. and take effeft as to tea, from* the day mentioned in the fche* dule to this aft annexed; and as to all other articles, matters, and things, from the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and‘one.

SCHEDULE'to which this ad refers,

A.

PAPER.

FOR every pound weight avoirdupois of paper, fit or proper, or that may be ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, ahd of all elephant papers, and all cartridge papers, which ihall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the Eaji India company or Qtherwife, (except paper of the manufacture of and imported from Ireland), a cuftom duty of. ten-pence.	1

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all fuch papers which ihall be, made in Great Britain, or which (hall be made in Inland, and imported difedlly from thence into Great Britain, an excife duty oftwo-pence halfpenny;

For every.- pound weight avoirdupois of coloured papers and whited brown papers, fit and proper for the ufe or purpofe of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of writing, 'drawing, and printing*..or ejthcr of them, which {hall be imported into

'Great

i8oi.] Anno regniquadragefimopritno Georgii til. C. 8.	*9

Great Britain, whether by the East India company or otherwife,

(except paper of the manufadture of and imported from Ireland), a cuftom duty of four-pence.	1

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all fuch paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, or which ihall be made in /rr-ttad,'and imported diredly from, thence into Great Britain, an cxcife duty of one penny.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of brown paper, fit and proper for die ufe or purpofe of wrapping up goods, and not fit or. proper or capable of being ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, which (hall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India company or otherwife, (except paper of the manufacture of and imported from Ireland), a cuftom duty of twopence.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all fuch paper which /hall be made in Great Britain, or which (hall be made in Ire*	%

land, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an cxcife duty of one halfpenny.

' For every pound weight avoirdupois of every fort or kind of paper not' before enumerated or. dcfcribed, which (hall be imported into Great Britain, whether by ihzEaJt India company or otherwife, (except of the manufacture of and imported from Ireland), a cuftom duty of ten-pence.

For every pdund weight avoirdupois of all fuch non-enume-rated papers (other, thah and except papers commonly called and known by the names of Jbeathing paper and button paper, of button board), which (hall be made in Great Britain, or which fhall be made in Ireland and imported dire&ly from thence into Great Britain, an excife duty of,two-pence halfpenny.

For every one hundred weight of pafteboard, millboard, and fcaleboard, which (hall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the Baft India company, or otherwife, (except of the manufacture of and imported from Ireland), a cuftom duty of twenty (hillings.

For every one hundred weight of paftcboard, millboard, and fcaleboard, which (hall be made in Great Britain, or which (hall be made in Ireland and imported diredMy from thence into Great Britain, an excife duty of ten (hillings and fixpence \ and fo in proportion for every greater or Ids quantity of the feme refpe&ively.	.	*

For every pound weight avoirdupois of printed, painted, or ftained paper for hangings, which (hall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India company or otherwife, (except of the manufa&ure of and imported from Ireland), a cuftom duty offixpence.

For every yard fquare of Iriih printed, painted, or ftained paper to ferye for hangings or other ufes, which ihall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland) an excife duty of one penny.

For every one hundred weight of books, bound or unbound,

which

go s Anno ftgni quadttgefimo primo Gkorgh III. c. 8. [i8ot.

which (ball be imported into Griat Britain, whether by the East India company or otherwife, (except from Inland), a cuf-tom duty of * one pound three {hillings and four-pence * and fo in proportion fat any greater or leis quantity.

.For every pound weight avoirdupois of books, bound or un* bound, and'of maps or prints, which (hail be imported into Great Britain from Ireland, an excife duty of two-pence.

SCHEDULE B.

TEA.

FOR and upon all tea which, from and after the first day of March one. thoufand eight hundred and one, (hall be fold at the Tales of the. united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies for two millings and fixpence per pound weight or upwards, an excife duty of ten pounds per centum, to be computed upon the grofs prices at which fuch tea (hall be fold.

SCHEDULE C. DRAWBACKS.

PAPER. ‘

FOR all paper of the mamifa£ture of Ireland, imported into Great Britain, and for all paper made in Great Briteih Which (hall be exported from Great Britain to foreign parts or j to Ireland, a drawback of the fevfcral and refpeftive duties im-poicd by this fed, which (hall have been paid for the feme.

For all printed books made of paper of the first daft, which (hall contain the water mark of the prefent year one thouiand eight hundred and one, or of fome fubfequent year Of our Lord, ami which (hall be exported to foreign parts or to Ireland\ by any printer or bookfeller, a drawback of two**pence per pound.

For all ruled account books made of paper of the first clafs, which (hall contain the water mark of the prefent year one thoufand eight hundred and one, or of fome fubfequent year of our Lord, and which (hall be exported to foreign parts or to Ireland, by any ftationer, a drawback of twopence per pound. I For all paper of the first clafs which (hall contain the water mark of the prefent year one thoufand eight hundred and one, or of fome fubfequent year of our Lord, and which (hall be ufed in the printing of ahy books in the latin, greek, oriental, or northern languages, within the univerfity of Oxford or Camkiip, by perrttiffion of the vice chancellor of the fame jgfpedivdy, or within the univerfities of Scotland, or either of them, by per- I tniffion of the principals of the faine tefpctftively, a drawback of

iSoi.] Anfid regni quadragefimo prime* Georgii III, c. 9. %t

the whole duty impofed by this alt, which (hall have been paid for fuch paper.

And for all paper of the first clafs which (hall contain the water mark of theprefent year one thoufand eight hundred and one, or of fome fubferjuent year of our Lord, and which (hall be ufed in the univetiittes of Oxford and Cambridge, or either df them, by permiffion of the vice chancellor of the fame, or ufed by the King’s printers in England or Scotland, in the printing of bibles, teftaments, pfalm books, books of common prayer of the church of England, the book commonly called or known in Scotland by the name of The Confoffion of Faith, or the larger or ihorter catechifm of the church of Scotland, a drawback of two* pence per pound.

SCHEDULED.

DRAWBACK.

TEA.

FOR all tea (for which the duty impofed by this alt in refpelt thereof (hall have been paid) which (hall be exported to any place where a drawback of the duty on tea is now allowed by law, the whole duty of excife by tnis alt impofed in refpe& thereof*,

CAP. IX.

An all fir granting to his Majejly certain additional duties on horfii wr Great Britain ; and for exempting from duty, horfos kept for the pwrpofe of fn foundry, by perfans bolding farms under a certain value.—*[March 24, 1801.J '

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, thfc Preamble.

commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament afiembled, towards raiiing the necelfary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, and making an addition to the publick revenue, have freely and Voluntarily refolded to give and grant unto your Majefty the duties hereinafter mentioned; and do moft humbly beleech your Maiefty, that it may be erm&ed; and be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afletn-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That upon every The addi-affcflment which (hall be made from and after the fifth day of tional duties April one thoufand eight hundred and one, there (hall be railed, following (hall levied, colle&ed, and paid, throughout Great Britain, unto and ** ^aid 8 for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceiTors, the further additional rates and. duties following; that is to fay,	,

Upon every perfen keeping and ufing one horfe, mare, or Duty for one

gelding, horfe.

Anno regai quadragefirilo prirto GfcORGii III. c. p. {1801.

gelding, and no more, for which the duty of one pound four (hillings is now chargeable by the adl of the thirty~eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, an additional duty of ten

(hillings.:

Duty where Upon every perfon keeping and ufing two or more horfes, two or more roares> or geldings, for which a progreffive duty is now charge-or e* ep ' able by the adl of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his ' prefent Majefty, an additional duty of twenty (hillings for each luch borfe, mare, or gelding;

And duty for And upon every perfon keeping any horfe, mare, or gelding, *?rf€S!£lw	or any mule, for which the duty of fix (hillings is now* charge-

atlS!6 c	able by the adt of the thirty-eighth year-of the reign of his

prefent Majefty, an additional duty of four (hillings for each fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, or mule. .

Duties to be	II. And be it. further enadled, Thft the faid additional rates

Pb thofn^	an<* ^ut*cs hereby itnpofed, (hall be paid over and above and in

granted by*	addition to the refoedlive rates and duties granted by a certain

*8 Geo.	adt pa fled in the thirty-eighth year of. the reign of his prefent

c. 41.	Majefty, on horfes, mares, or geldings.

The commif- 111. And be it further enadled. That for the better afleffing, lioners, &c. levying, collecting, and paying the before-mentioned duties by puMhia^a ^is a<^ impofed, the commiffioners authorifed or app^nted, or ui execution. who Awdl hereafter be authorifed or appointed, for putting in execution the adts relative to the prefent duties on horfes, mares, and geldings, or any other duties placed uhder the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, (hall be commiffioners for executing , this prefent adl, with relation to the afprefaid duty and the powers herein contained, in all and lingular the counties, (hires, ftewartries, .ridings, divifions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpediively within Great nritain\ and that the feveral furveyors, infpedtors, afleflors, and collectors refpediively appointed, or who (hall be appointed in manner aforefaid, (hall be furveyors, infpedlors, afleflors, and colledlors, to put in execution this prefent aft, according to the refpe&ive powers and authorities given to them by any former acts as hereinbefore is mentioned; and the (aid commiffioners and others the perfons aforefaid, being duly qua* lifted to adl in the execution of the faid feveral acts as before-mentioned, (hall, and they are hereby refpediively ienpowered and required to do all things necefiary. for putting this adl into execution, with relation to the aforefaid rates or duties hereby impofed, in the like and in as full and as ample a manner as they or any of them are or is authorifed to put in execution the faid feveral adls relative to the rates and duties on horfes, mares, and geldings, or any matters Or things therein refpediively contained.

Additional IV. And be it further enadled. That.the faid additional rates £e ^ or duties' by this adl impofed, (hall be aflefled, raifed, levied, mcr duties °on c°Ne&ccl> received, paid over, and accounted for, in fuch and horfes, and the like form and maimer, and with fuch allowances, and under

N	fuch

1801.] Anno regni quadtagefimo priffld Georgii III, c. 9.	33

fuch penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and according to the ads re-fuch rules, methods, and diredions, and* fubjelt to fuch pro-vilbes and exemptions by which the former rates and duties on horfes ufed as aforefaid, were or might be affeffed, railed, levied, colle&ed, received, paid over, and accounted for, or by any of them, as the fame now remain in force, and are refpedively applicable to the faid additional rates or duties hereby impofed, and are not altered by this alt; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, diredions, penalties, forfeitures, ex* emptions, daufes, matters, and things contained in any a8t or * acts of parliament relative to the former rates and duties on horfes, or any of them, or any alt or alts of parliament therein referred to, and now in force, for the aifefling, furcharging, railing, levying, col left ing, recovering, receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid rates and duties thereby granted, as fat as the fame are refpeltively applicable to the rates and duties by this alt impofed, and not repugnant thereto, (hall be in force, and he duly obferved, praltifed, and put in execution throughout Great Britmny for the afleffing, furcharging, railing, levying, -collating, recovering, receiving, paying, and accounting for the rates or duties by this alt granted, as fully and effedually to all intents and purpofes as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, direltions, penalties, exemptions, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in this alt.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enalted. That nothing Alt not to in this ad contained (hall be conftrued to charge with the rates *2. or. duties by this alt impofed, any perfon duly licenfed to keep

any carriage whatever to be employed as a publick ftage coach or carriages or carriage, for the purpofe of conveying paflengers for hire for conveying from different places in Great Britain, or any perfon licenfed paflengers for by the commiflioners for licenfmg and regulating hackney coaches and chairs within the cities of London and Wejlmnjiery coaches! and the fuburbs thereof, in refpeft of any horfe, mare, or gelding, which is and (hall be aftually and folely ufed and employed by any fuch perfon in drawing fuch ftage coach or carriage, or any hackney coach from place to place for hire; any thing in any of the faid ads or this alt contained to the contrary thereof, in anywife notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That all the monies arifing Duties to be by the faid rates or duties hereby impofed (the neceflary cbarges-carriedito toe of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall from time ^^k**** to time be paid into the receipt of his Majeft/s exchequer atIU Wefiminjltrj and (hall be carried to and made part of the confo-

lidated fund.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That the jtypfitatUm monies arifing or to arife of the rates or duties impofed by this of duties, ad, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient, (hall be deemed aa addition made to the revenue, for the purpofe of defraying the increased charge occafioncd by any loan raised or ftock created

Vou XLIII.	D	or

34 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georcii III. c. 9. [1S01.

or to be created by virtue of any aft or afts palled in this feffion of parliament 3 and that the faid monies (hall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into flie faid receipt, diftin&ly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there ihall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt during the faid period of.ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates or duties hereby impofed and paid into the faid receipt, fhall, together with the monies anting from any other rates and duties granted or to be granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpofe of defraying fuch increafed charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceifors, upon any account whatever.

VIII.	And whereas by wt afl, paffid in the thirty-eighth year of 3* Geo. 3. the reign of bis prefent Majejiy, intituled, An act for repealing c. 41. recited, rire dinjes upon male fervants, carriages, horfes, mules, and dogs, and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof, a certain duty mentioned in fchedule (D) of the faid a£i was granted in refpeft of horfes and mules hereby charged with an additional duty 3 and it i$ expedient to exempt perfons berein-after deferibed as well from the duty in the faid recited aft contained^, as from the duty hereby granted: be it further enacted. That no perfon occupying a rac^rent a ^arm ^e rac^ rent °f wh*ch ft*aH be left than twenty pounds a under ftol.&c. year, and making a livelihood folely thereby, or occupying any and not keep- other eftate on any tenure otherwife than as tenant at rack rent, ing more than or fuch other eftate together with a farm at rack rent the value and ufaUa	°f which in the whole (hall be lefs than equivalent to a farm at

hufbandry,	the rack rent of twenty pounds a year, (reckoning the value of

chargeable every eftate occupied by the owner thereof on any tenure, ex-with duty un- Cept racfc rent, as equivalent to double the like amount of or^hUaft.^^y ^arm at rack rent), and making a livelihood folely by fuch occupation, and keeping not more than two horfes, mares, geldings, or mules, in the whole, {hall be chargeable with any of the duties impofed either by the faid recited aft or this ad, for or in refpeft of fuch horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, or fuch two horfes, mares, geldings, or mules, provided fuch horfe,' mare, gelding, or mule, or horfes, mares, geldings, or mules, be bona fide kept and ufed for the purpofes of hufbandry; any thing in the faid recited aft or this aft to the contrary not-withftanding.

Eerfons claim-	IX. Provided alfo, That every perfon claiming fuch exemp-

ing fuefar tion (hall duly return in the lift to be delivered purfuant to the rrturn^n their direftions °f faid recited aft and other afts relating to the lifts the faid duties, the number of horfes, mares, geldings, and mufes, number of kept by him or her, and the value of the eftate or farm occu-hbrfes kept, pied by him or her, to be eftimated as aforefaid 3 which return he made to the infpeftor or furveyor of the faid dutiesYor the diftrift where fuch return (hall be required, in order that fuch infpeftor or furveyor may inquire into the merits of fuch

return,

1801.] Anno regni quadragelimo primo Gkorbii III. c. to. 35

return, and that fuch exemption may not be claimed rontrary to the intent of this ad, and for lhat purpofe fuch alterations (hall be made in the form prcfcribed by the faid recited ad as the cafe may require*

CAP. X.

An at1 for granting to his Majejly additional Jlamp duties on bills of . exchange^ promijfory notes, and infurantes \ and on certain inden* tures^ leafesy bonds% or other deeds*—[March 24, 1801.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, theP**a®He* commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament aflembled, towards raising the ncceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freply and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the * duties hereinafter mentioned; and do moft humbly be leech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enaded by the .King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and.commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That there (ball be railed,* levied, colleded, and paid. The following ' throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, upon every (kin or additional piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper,«on which any of the feveral matters herein-after mentioned (hall be1 paw# engrofled, printed, or written, the reipedive damp duties following ; that is to fay.

Any bill of exchange, draft, or order, for the payment of bills of money on demand, for which any ftamp duty is charged by_an ad of the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, payable (hall beengrofled, written, or printed, in Great Britain^ where on demands the fum exprefied therein (hall amount to forty (hillings, and (hall not. exceed the fum of five pounds and five (hillings, the additional fuin of two-pence:

And where fuch fum (hall exceed five pounds and five (hillings, and (hall not exceed, thirty pounds, the additional fum of four-pence:

And where fuch fum (hall exceed thirty pounds, and (hall not exceed fifty pounds, the additional fum of fixpence:

And where fuch fum (hall exceed fifty pounds, and (hall not exceed one hundred pounds, the additional fum of eight-pence:

And where fuch fum (hall exceed one hundred pounds, and (hall pot exceed two hundred pounds, the additional fum of one (hilling:

Any bill of exchange, draft, or order, payable otherwife than Bills of •n demand, (hall be engrofled, written, or printed, in Great exchange, ftc. Britain, where the * fum exprefled therein, or made payable thereby, (hall amount to forty (hillings, and (hall notexceed demand* °D thirty pounds, the additional fum of four-pence:

d 2

And

36 Anno reg&i quadragefimo primo Georoh 111* c id« [180r.

And where (itch fum (hall exceed thirty pounds, fend (hall not exceed fifty pounds, the additional fuhi of fixpence:

And where fitch fum (hail exceed fifty pounds, and (hail not exceed one hundred pounds, the additional fum of eight-ptrtte: And where fuch fum (hall exceed one hundred pounds, and lhall not exceed two hundred pounds, the additional fum of one (hilling:

Bills of	Any	bill	of exchange whatever (hall be engroffed, written, or

^hange m printed in Gnat Britain» where the fum exprefled therein (hail above foohf cxcec^ two hundred .pounds, the additional fum of one Shilling and four-pence:

Notts payable Any ptomifiory note, or other note for the payment of money t0	'he	bearer	on	demand,	(hall	be engroffed, written, or printed,

reJ (Ruble	*n ^rfat Britain, Which may be re-iffuahle from time to time,

where firft	aftef payment at the place where the fit me was first iflued, but

iffueds	not otherwtfe^ where the fum exprefled therein, or made pay-

able thereby, (hall amount to forty (hillings, and (hall not exceed five pounds aftd five (hillings, the additional fum of j two-pence:	!

. Add where fuch futn (hall exceed five pounds and five (bif-HOgfc, and (hall not exceed thirty pounds, the additional Atm of ftttr-p&ice:

And where fitch fum (hall exceed thirty pounds, and (hall not exceed fifty pounds, the additional fum of fixpence:

And where fuch fum (hall exceed fifty pounds, and dial] not exceed one hundred pounds, the additional fum of eight-pence: And where fiiCh fum (hall exceed one hundred pounds, and (hall not exceed two hundred pounds, the additional fum of one (hilling:

Notes-on	Any promiflbry note, or other note for the payment of money

w	(hall.be	engroffed,	written,	or printed, in Graft

place s	* JSritaitt) which may be re»ifltied from time to time, after any

payment at the fame place, or any other place than where the feme was first iflued, where the fum exprefled therein, or made payable thereby, (hall amount to forty (hillings, and (hall not exceed five pounds and five (hillings, the additional Turn of (bar-pence:

And where fuch Atm (hall exceed five pounds and five (hillings, and (hall not exceed thirty pounds, the additional fum of eight-pence:

Noteapayable Any profttffflory note, or other note payable otherwffe tbah otherwifethanto the bearer on demand, (hall be engroffed, written, or printed, to the bearer Qriag Britain, where the Aim exprefled therein, or tnttfe on demand i ptytfgfc thereby, lhall amount to forty '(hillings, and (hall-not exceed thirty pounds, the additional futn of four-pence:

And where fuch fum (hall exceed thirty pounds, and (hall hot • exceed fifty pounds, the additional Aim of fixpence:

And where fuch fum (hall exceed fifty pounds, and (hall (fit exceed one hundred pounds, the additional futn of eight-pence:

Acid where fuch Atm (hall exceed one hundred pounds, and

(ball

18ai.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georoii TIL c. 10.	37

/hall not exceed two hundred pounds, the additional fum of one /hilling:

Any promiflTory note, or other note payable on demand or Any note in otherwise, /hall be engrofied, written, or printed, in Great Britain, where the fum expreffed therein, or made payableabovc a°o1, * thereby, (hall exceed two hundred pounds, the additional fum of one /hilling and four-pence:

Any inforance upon any (hip or (hips, goods, or merchandize, Infurances on or upon any other property or inrereft whereon infurances may (hips* good*, lawfully be made, (hall be engroffed, written, or printed, in*c#!

Great Britain, where the fum to be infured (hall amount to one hundred pounds, the additional fum of two ihillings and Ax-pence; and fo progreifively for every fum of one hundred pounds infured:	;	'

And where the fum infured (hall not amount to one hundred pounds, the like additional fum of two (hillings and Axpence:

And where the fum to be infured (hall exceed one hundred pounds, or any progreffive fums of one hundred pounds each, by any fractional part of one hundred pounds, the like additional fum of two (hillings and Axpence for fiich fractional part of one hundred pounds, to be paid by the aiAired in fuch infu-jrances refpeCtively: ’	*

Any infurances or infurance made in Great Britain, where the premium or conAderation in the nature of a premium actually and bond fide paid, given, or contracted for, (ball not exceed the ratt of ten (hillings, where the Aim fo to be infured (hall amount to one hundred pounds, the additional (lamp duty of one (hil-Jirtg and three-pence; and fo progreffively for every fum of one hundred pounds fo infured :

And where the fum fo to be infured fhalKnot amount to one hundred pounds, a like additional (tamp duty of one (hilling and three-pence:

And where the fum fo to be infured (hall exceed one hundred pounds, or any progreffive Turns of one hundred pounds each, by any fractional part of one.hundred pounds, a like additional *

{tamp duty of one (hilling and three-pence for fuch (rational part of one hundred pounds, to be paid by the afiured in fuch infurances refpe&ivelv:

Any indenture, Ieafe, bond, or other deed, for which a And on fnden-ftamp duty of three (hilling is chargeable by an a Cl pailed in the J^res, *c* thirty-feverith year of the reign of his prefcnt Majefty, (hall be engrofled, written, or printed, in Great Britain, the additional cI^q. fum of three (hillings.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted. That no- Alt not to thing herein contained (l)all extend, or be conftrued to extend, extend to to enarge with any ftamp duty by this ad ithpofed, any policy	.

of infurance made and entered ihto for infuring houfes, furni-	on	*

ture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from lofs liyes. by fire, whereon the duty impofed by an aft paffed in the; twenty-fecond year of his prefent Majeft/s reign, intituled,

x> 3	An

38 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Ghorgii III. c. 10. [1801.

An act for charging a duty on perfens xvhofe property /hall be infured againjl lofs by pre% (hall have been duly paid, nor any infurance ' made or entered into for infuring any events or contingencies relative to a life or lives, whereon the duly impofed by the laws in force at and immediately before the paffing of this aft, (hall have been duly paid.	,

Duties on	III. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That nothing

o^ezcLmee herein contained (hall be conftrued to extend to charge any g *: foreign hills of exchange drawn in fefs, according to the cuftom of merchant?, with any additional duty higher than after the following rate^ that is to fay} where the fum exprefled in fuch bills, or made payable thereby, (ball not exceed one hundred pounds, there (hall be charged an additional (lamp duty of four-pence ; and where fuch fum (hall exceed one hundred pounds, and (hall not exceed two hundred pounds, an additional (lamp duty gf fix pence; and where fuch fum (hall exceed two hundred pounds, an additional (lamp duty of eight-pence: provided that every bill of each fet of fuch bills fo drawn, (hall be charged, and every fuch bill is hereby declared to be chargeable with the like additional duty, according to the rate above-mentioned*

Duties to be	IV. And be it further enacted, That the duties charged on

P®W^ver any of the matters and things herein-before mentioned, (hall be formerduties	Pai<*» ovcr an<*	*b°vc the duties payable	by law on the fame

and to be	’	refpeftively, on	and immediately before the palling of this ad;

under thema-and that the (aid duties hereby granted (hall be under the | hagement of government, care, and management of the commrflioners for fionersfcff”- ^me ^Dg appointed to manage the duties charged on ftamps. (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the neceflary officers under them for that purpofe; and in order to denote any of	the fevera) duties payable	by virtue of this ad,

whenever they	fee occafion, to ufe fuch	(lamps as (hall have

been heretofore provided to denote any former duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to caufe new damps to be pro*

% vided for that purpofe, or for the purpofe of denoting the former duties, and alfo the duties granted by this aft, and to alter pr renew the fame refpeftively from time to time, and to dp all other things neceflary to be done for putting this ad intp execution vyith relation to the faid feveral duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner afc they, or the major part pf. them, are authorifed to put in execution any former lay? concerning damped vellum, parchment,'and paper.

Perfonshaving V. And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for any parchments, perfons who (hall, on the refpeftive days appointed for the com* OTcfentftamps, roenccnj'ent of the r$fpeftiye duties hereby granted, have in their may I'ave P ’cudody or poflpffion any vellum, parchment, or paper, damped them properly or marked with any damp or mark, or damps or marks, ufed (lamped or ta denote any of the refpeftive duties now payable by law on butlfnot * damped vellum, parchment, or paper, by virtue of any aft or one, the in- io force on and immediately before the paffing of th« aft,

and

i8oi.] Anno regm .quadragefimo primo Georgii IIL c. io. $9 and upon which vellum, parchment, or paper, any duty is hereby ftrumenta impofed in addition jo rhe duties now payable thereon, at any time to bring or fend fuch vellum, parchment, or paper, to the efte&. faid commiffioners at their head office in Middlefex> who, or their officers under them, are hereby authorifed and required, on payment of tfie refpedive duties by this ad impofed, to the receiver general of the faid duties, or to fome perfon or perfons to. be authorifed by him for fuch purpofe, to caufe fuch vellum, parchment, or paper, to be duly damped and marked with the proper (lamp or mark, or damps or marks, to denote the payment of the refpedive duties hereby impofed, or at the fledion of the perfon or perfons bringing fuch vellum', parchmehr, or paper, to caufe thd fame to be cancelled, and other vellum, parchment, or paper, to be damped with the proper (lamps of % the like value with the amount of the damps fo cancelled, and of the duties payable by virtue of this ad, without demanding or taking, diredly or indiredly, any fum of money or confide-ration whatever (other than the duty hereby impofed) for the fame; and all vellum, parchment, and paper, damped or marked by virtue of any ad ou ads now in force as aforefaid, on which anymatter or thing (hall be engrofled, printed, or written, after the refpedive days appointed hereby for the commencement of the faid refpedive duties, which (hall not be brought to the faid head#office, (hall be, and is hereby declared to be of no other effed or ufe than if the fame had not beeir fo (lamped; and the matters'and things which (hall, after the refpedive days appointed for the commencement of the faid refpedive duties, be engrofled, printed, or Written thereon, (hall be of no other effed thznjf the fame matters and things had been engrofled, printed*, or written, on undamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That no promiuory note or No note now other note, which, by any ad or ads in force on and imme-diately before the paffing of this ad, is allowed to be again iflued ^ter JAnc^s# under certain Regulations therein contained, (hall, from and j801, until after the fifth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, properly be again iflued afterpayment thereof, until the fame (hall have	which

been brought to the faid head office to be damped with a proper certain ([lamp; and the faid commiffioners ate hereby authorifed and conditions, required to damp the fame, or caufe the fame to be damped, on &c. payment of the duty by this ad impofed, on proof on oath, or folemn affirmation or affidavit, before the faid commiffioners,

(which oath or folemn affirmation the faid commiffioners, or any one or more of them, is or are, or any perfons duly authored to take affidavits in matters depending in any of tne fupe-rior courts of law or equity, 'is hereby authorifed to adminider), that the fame hath not been, after any payment thereof, again iflued fine? the fifth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, and that the fame have not been laid afide for the purpofe. of being cancelled, at any time before the pafluig of this ad; and any fuch promiffory or other notes which (hall be fird iffiied PT negPCiated after the faid fifth day of June one thoufand eight

D 4,	hundred

Ad: not to attend to m furances from

40 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. [1801,

hundred and one, and which may be re>iJTued after any pay-ment thereof according to the regulations of the faid ad again lifted* being alfo first ftampcd with the proper ftamp to denote the duty by this aSt impofed, may be again iifted from time to time in the manner allowed by the faid ads refpedively $ and all rules, regulations, duties, and penalties prefcribed or impofed by the faid ads, or any of them, with refped to the* damping fuch promiflory or other notes in order to iflue the fame from time to time, or with refped to the lifting or negociattng or cancelling fuch notes after payment thereof, mall be applied and put in pradice with refped to the securing the duties by this ad impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been fcverally enaded in the body of this ad.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That nothing in this ad contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to or to any place extend, to charge with the additional rate or duty by this ad ip Great Bri- granted, any infurance or infurances upon (hips, goods, or tain, Ireland, merchandizes, or other property or intereft whatever, for any Ouernfey,#c. VOyage to or from any part or place in the united kingdom of Great Britain and -Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, or Sark, or the Ifle of Man, from or to any other port or place in the faid kingdom, orin the iflands of Guernfey,yerfey, Alderney, or Sark, or the IJle of Man; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

Penalty of ft- VIII. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon {hall iKnekrof^101,1 counterfelt or f°rgc5 or caufe or procure to be counterfeited or plergy,, for forged, any ftamp direded or allowed to be ufed by this ad, or counterfeiting provided, made, or ufed for the purpofe of denoting the duties {tamps, Ac. by this ad granted as aforcfaid, or any of them, or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreifion of the fame with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, of any of the faid duties, or (hall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to any damp duty by this ad impofed, with fuch counterfeit damp or mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit, or (ball privately or fraudulently *ufe any (lamp direded or allowed to be ufed by this ad, with intent tp defraud his Majefty of the faid duties, then every perfon fo offending, find being thereof lawfully convided, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fpffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Powers of ads IX. And be it further enaded. That all powers, provifions, *“£”**>? rules, methods, articles, claufes, penalties, and forfeitures, dif-adtoextend tributions of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and fa	things	prefcribed	or appointed by any ad or ads of parliament

in force at apd immediately before the palling of this ad, relating to the ftamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (and not hereby altered), (hall, as far as the fame are refpedively appli-. cable, be of full force and effed with relation to the additional and other duties herein-before mentioned, and (hall be applied and put in execution fpr the railing, levying, colfeding* and

fecuring

i8oi.] Anno regqi quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. io. 41

fecuring the faid additional, and other duties, according to the , true intent and meaning of this aft, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if the fame had feverally and refpeftwely been heVeby re-eoafted, with*relation to the faid additional and other duties.

X- And be it further enacted, That in every cafe where, by Where a difan aft parted in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, a difeount of fixteen pounds per centum^ on the fums aHowtd for now payable for duties impofed on newspapers, (hall be allowed newf/apers, a by the faid commiffioners to the proprietors, printers, or pub- further dif-lilhers of fuch newfpapers, who (hall not have advanced the price ^ n||°[i4ul thereof beyond the price in the faid aft mentioned, it (hall be ^owed, lawful for the faid commiflioners to grant a further allowance, by way of difeount, of four pounds and ten Ihillinsts per centutrr, on the fums fo payable for duties, to the faid proprietors, printers, or publifhers, amounting in the whole/ to twenty pounds and ten (hillings per centum, in the like manner and under the like conditions as is direfted by the faid aft made in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, in fefpeft of the difeount thereby allowed; and the faid commitlioners (hall caufe the faid amount* of difeount fo to be allowed, to be marked on fucb newfpapers, in the manner the difeount of iixteen pounds per centum was direfted to be marked by the faid aft.

XI* And be it further enacted, * That all the monies arifing Duties to he by the feveral duties herein-before mentioned, (hall be paid from p:^t0 time to time into the hands of the receiver general,* for the time offtTmps^to being, of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, be carried to who (hall pay the fame (the neceflary charges of railing, paying, ti e confolU and accounting for the fame being dedufted) info rhe receipt of da*c<1 *un<k the"exchequer at IVeftmtnJier, at fuch time and in fuch manner as the duties charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are direfted to be paid; and the faid money fo paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Application monies arifing or to arife of the feveral rates or duties hereby duties, granted as aforefaid, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient, mall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the pur-pofe of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan made, or (lock created or to be created, by virtue of any aft or afts parted, or to be parted, in this feffion of parliament; and that the faid monies (hall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt, diflinftly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the feid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties paid into the faid receipt, (hall, together with the monies arifing from any qther rates and duties granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpofe of defraying fuch increafed charge as aforefaid, be .entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable

42 Anno rcgni quadragefimo primo GeorgiiIII. c. 11,12. [1S01. .

to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceeffors, upon any account whatever.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any aftipn.or fuit actions. (hall ^,-Qught or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, then and in-every fuch cafe the (aid aftion or fuit (hall be cdmmenced within iix calendar months after the fad, committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be brought in the county or place where the caufe of adion {hall arife, and not elfewhere; and that the defendant or defendants General iflue. jn fuch adion or fuit to be brought, may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad; and if it ihall appear to be fo done, or if any fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other county,' city, or.placerthan as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if upon fuch verdid, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be* come non-fuited, or difcQntinue’his, her, or their adion, or if *	a verdid (hall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if, upon

demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plain* Treble coils. tiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have, the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law.

Commence- XIV. And be it further enacted, That the feveral rates and ment of duties, jut*es hereby granted (hall refpeftively commence and" take effed as follows; that is to fay. The faid duties on infurances, from and after the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one; the faid duties on bills of exchange, notes, drafts, or orders; from and after the fifth day of June one thoufand eight hundred andNme, in that part of Great Britain called England, and from and after the first day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and one, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and the faid duties on indentures, leafes, bonds,, and* other deeds, fro'm and after the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XI.

An a£t for punifTiing mutiny and defcrtion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.—[March 24,1801. ]

Number of forces 85,940 men, including 7,7x5 invalids*

CAP. XII.

An act to amend an a ft made in the thirty fixtb year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled. An act to permit bakers to incite and fell certain forts of bread.—[March 24, 1801. j

Preamble. T T THEREAS hy an act made in the thirty-fixth year of the 36 Geo* 3. VV rekn °f bis prefent Majefty, intituled, An act to permit **ia*	bakers	to	make	and fell certain forts of bread, all perfons aro

allowed

:8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. iz. 43

\Uoived to make and fell in any place, under certain provifions and •eftriftions, the feveral forts of loaves in the faid aft particularly de* iribed, made of the whole produce of the wheats deducing only five bounds weight of bran ptv.bujbel or made of any fort of wheaten fiour, mixed wkh meal or flour of barley, rye, oats, buck wheat,

Indian corn, peafe, beans, rice, or any other kind of grain whatfiever, or with potatoes, in fitch proportions and at fuch prices, for the faid haves rejpeflbtely, as the maker and Jeller thereof Jhall deem proper and reafonakie, whether any affize of bread Jhall be fet in fuch place or not :■ and whereas it is defireable to encourage the making of good and wlsolefome bread, containing a larger proportion of the produce of wheat than is contained in the bread upon which the affize is ufually fet, and for that purpofe to extend the provifions of the faid aft, fo far as the fame relate to the making and felling of wheaten f>reaa : and whereas it is expedient to amend the faid aft, fo far as the fame relates to the marking of any fuch wheaten bread or any mixed bread, and to felling fuch mixed bread; and for that purpofe to repeal certain provifions of the faid aft, and to enaft other provifions in lieu thereof: be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lord9 fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after^thc patting Any perfbn of this adl, it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons whatever, ^YftlUoavea in any place whatever, and whether any aflize or price of bread made of flour (hall be fet in fuch place or not, to make, bake, fell, and expofe of the whole to fate, peck loaves, half peck loaves, quartern loaves, and half produceofthe quartern loaves, made of wheaten meal or flour of the whole produce ©f the wheat, or with the bran only, or the bran and &c, ukenl*, pollards, or any proportion cf the bran and pollards, or any therefrom, at other part of the produce of fuch wheat taken therefrom, at any a°y Price wiU price at which any perfon may be willing to'purchafe the fame:	pro-

provided always. That the price at which any bread allowed to yided it be be fold by the faid adl, or by this adt, fhall in all cafes be lefs iefs than the than the price-ofthe wheaten bread upon which an aflize or aAize Pri<* of price (kali be fet, in purfuance pf any a<ft or a£fcs of parliament,1116 Place* in the place where fuch other wheaten bread (hall be made or fold, or expofed to fale, any aft or adfe, or law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

fi. And be it further enadted, That, from and after the So much of paffing of this adl, fo much of the faid recited adt as relates to rec*^d a£ as the marking of any wheaten bread, or any mixed bread, or to markiWof the affixing, in a confpicuous part of any (hop or window, any wheaten or fpecification of the proporrion~of any mixtures compofing any mixed bread, bread, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.	.	&c’ rePeafc<k

111.	And be it further enadled, That, from and after the Perfons raak-paffing of this adl, every perfon who (hall make or bake for fale !Jf infSor^ any wheaten bread, made of any meal or flour of an inferior qua]jty to the quality to the flour ufed for the bread on which an*aflize or price aflize bread, Jhall be fet purfuant to any adi or adts of parliament, or any.or mixed mixed bread, (hall imprint, or diftindtly mark upon every loaf

of loaf as heron directed. '

44 Annoregni quadragefimo primo Georgit IH. c. 12. [1801. j

of fuch wheaten bread, a large roman H, and upon every loaf of j fueh mixed bread a large roman X,

If any perfon * IV. And be it further inafted, That if any perfon or perfons j (hall not mark omit to imprint or diftinftly mark any fuch wheaten or not well make	bread purfuant to the direftions of this aft, or (hall not

it, or adulte- well make any fuch wheaten or mixed bread, or (hall adulterate rate it, or the fame with'any mixture or ingredient, not allowed to be ufed make it defi- jn the making of bread; or (hall make or bake for (ate, or fell weight! he or bxpofe to fale, any fuch peck loaves, .half peek loaves, quar-" (bill be* liable 'tern loaves, or half quartern loaves, or any other loaves deficient fo penalty. in weight, according to the affize of loaves of fuch denomina* tions, refpeftivdy contained in any aft or ads in force relating to the affize and price of bread, or according to any affize that (hall be fet in purfuance of any fuch act or afts*, all and every perfon and perfons offending therein (hall be liable to the fame or the like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and punifhments, as any bakers or makers of bread for fale are liable to, for any the like or fimilar mifdemeanors, offences, or neglects, in making, fell* ing, or expofing to or for fale any bread.

Afts in force y. And be it further enabled. That all and every,the powers, we^hi^of autborities, provifions, regulations, claufes, matters, and things, bread,' or pains, penuries, and forfeitures, in any aft or afts naw in force fcarchingfor contained, relating to the weighing any bread made for fale, or ingredients, to Cxpofed to fale, or fearching for any ingredient wherewith any mend to this mea^ flour, or bread may be adulterated, (hall be, and are hereby extended and made applicable to, and (hall be applied in the enforcing of the provifions of this aft, in as full and ample a manner as if the fame had been feverally and feparately re* enafted in this aft.

Half quartern	VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

loaves may paffing oY this aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for every whichan af- baker and maker of bread for fale, and every feller of bread, to fize and price make, bake, and fell loaves, called Half Quarter af'a Peek flull be fct.	Loaves, which (ball weigh two pounds two ounces twelve

drachms, and on which an affize and price (hall be fet as near as can be in proportion to other bread, according to the rules and regulations now in force by any aft or afts for fetting and regulating the price and affize of bread$ and all and every the claufes, matters, and things in the faid afts, or any other a&s contained relating to fetting and afeertaining any affizeor price pf bread, and alfo to the weighing any bread made for fale or pxpofed to fale, or adulterating any bread, or felling any bread before it has been baked a certain time, (hall be, and are hereby extended and made applicable to the fetting and afeertaining of fuch affize and price, and to the bakers, makers, and fellers of fuch loaves, called Half Quarter of a Peck Loaves, in as full and ample a manner, as if the fame were repeated, and feverally re-enafted in this aft.

Aft not to In- ~ VII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in teht8 of Lon-	contained thall in any ways affeft or infringe upon the

T *	rights

tSoi.J Ajjrg regni quadragcfimo primo Georgii III. c. 13. 45

rights and privileges of the city of Ltndon, or of the worfhipful don, or the Company of bakers of the bid city.	bakei*’ com-

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That this a St may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be palled in this prefent ak^r^or re-fcffion of parliament.	•	psdedthia

. leffion.

c A P. XIII.

An act for increafing the bounties granted by . an aft of the loft fefjton of parliament^ on flour imported from America, in flips which Jball have cleared out between certain periods.—[March 24,1801.]

WHEREAS an aft was made in the laft fefflon of parliament, Preamble.«

intituled, An a& for granting bounties on the importation Alt of laft of wheat, barley, rye, oats, ,peafe, beans, and indian corn, and fe<rio“ for of barley, rye, oat, and indian meal, and .wheaten flour and rice: bountii^ on and whereas it is expedient that the bounties thereby granted on -the importation importation of wheaten flour from America	be	increafed on of corn, c. 10.

four imported into Great Britain from America in flips which flail recited. have cleared out from any ports in America between certain periods hereinafter mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confeut of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That on every Fn lieu of the barrel of fuperfine wheaten flour, of one hundred and ninety-fix bounties pounds weight, which (hall be imported into Great Britain in fhcTecited any (bip which (hall, have cleared out from any port in America a&, 0n flour between the twelfth day of November one thoufand eight hun- imported dredj-and the tenth day of January one thoufand eight hundred (Tom and one* and (halt be fold by publick Tale by bullion, within two g^ntics months after importation, there (hall be paid and allowed in lieu herein men-and in ftead of the bounties by the faid a<5t granted, a bounty tioned (hall be equal to the fum by which the actual price of each barrel of fuch .made on .the flour fo fold (hall be left than eighty (hillings $ and on every {£eroftato barrel of fine wheaten flour, of one hundred and ninety-fix Great Britain, pounds weight, which (hall be imported into Great Britain in any (hip which (hall have cleared out from any port in America between the twelfth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, and the tenth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and one, and (hall be fold by publick Tale by au&ion, within two mobths after importation, a bounty equal to the fum by which the a&ual price of each barrel of fuch flour fo fold fhafi be left than feventy*eight (hillings, in lieu and in ftead of the bounty granted by the faid a&j and on every barrel of fuperfine wheaten flour, Cf one hundred and ninety-fix pounds weight, which (hall be imported into Great Britain in any (hip which (hall have cleaned out from any port in America between the tenth day of January and the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, and (hall be (bid by publick	*

faleby auAion, within two months after importation, a bounty equal to the film by which the'a&ual price of each barrel of fuch flour fo foM fhali be left than ninety (hillings, in lku and in ftead

46 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georoii IIL c 14. fi8oh

of the bounty granted by the faid aft; and on every barrel of fine flour, of one hundred and ninety-fix pounds weight, which (hall be imported into Great Britian in any .(hip which (hall have cleared out from any port in America between the tenth day of . January and the twenty-fifth day of March one thou&nd eight hundred and one, and (hall be fold by publick fate by auftion, within two months after importation, a bounty equal to the fom bv which the aftual price of each barrel of fuch flour fo fold (hall be lefs than eighty-eight (hillings, in lieu and in (lead of the bounty granted by the faid aft: provided always, That due proof (hall be made to the fatisfaCtion of the commifiioners of his Ma-jelly’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeftiveJy, that fuch (hips cleared out between the refpeetive periods before-mentioned.

c A p. xiv.

An act for amending andfurther continuing, until the twenty fourth day of June one tboujand eight hundred and one, two afts, pojfii in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majeflyyfortbt fuppreffion of the rebellion which fill exi/is within that kingdom, and for the protection of the perfons and properties of his Majejift faithful fubjefts within the fame.—[March 24,1801.]

Preamble.	TT THE RE AS in confequenceof the rebellion which unhappily

VV broke out in that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain | and Ireland, called Ireland, in the year one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-eighty an aft was pajfed in Ireland, in the thirty-mntb An aft of the yMr 0f Majeflft reign, intituled, An act for the fupprefiSon of Frclan<?of 39 rebellion .which ftill unhappily exifts within this kingdom, ’Geo. 3. and and for the protection of the perfons and properties of his Ma-another of jelly’s faithful fubjefts within the fame; and which aft was re-40 ??* vived, with amendments, by another aft, pajfed in Ireland, in the rca e . fortieth year of his Majejlys reign, intituled, An aft Jo revive, with amendments, an aft, palled the lad feflion of parliament, intituled, ‘ An act for the fupprelfion of the rebellion which ftill unhappily exifts within this kingdom, and for the protection of , the perfons and properties of his Majefty’s faithful fubjefts within .the fame:’ and whereas the prefent /late of Ireland makes it necef-fary, for the publick fafety, and for the prateftion of the perfons and properties of his Majejlys faithful fubjefts againfl the mojl daring outrages which fill continue to be committed in furtherance and profe-eution of the fatd rebellion, that the powers and provtfions in tbi faid afts contained Jhould be further continued for a limited time: be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in .this prefent parliament aflbmbled, and by the Recited afts authority of .the fame. That all and every the powers and proto continue in vifton$ in the faid recited afts contained (hall continue and be in arSoi. f°rcc>	that	part of the united kingdom called Ireland,

*	’ from the twenty-fifth day of March in the year of our Lord one

thoufaod

I Sox.] Anng rcgm quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c

thoufand eight hundred and one, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That courts martial to be conftituted and appointed under the authority of this aft, (hall confift of commiffioned officers of the line, fen-cible or militia regiments, or yeomanry corps, not lefs in number than seven nor more than thirteen \ any thing in the faid recited aft of the fortieth year of his prefent Majefty to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided alfo. That no fentence of death (ball be given againft any ofFender by fuch court martial, unlefs the judgement ihall pafa by the concurrence of two thirds, at lead,* of the officers prefent.

IV.	And be it enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful to repeal, alter, or amend the prefent aft, at any time during this feilion of parliament.

CAP. XV.

*5- 47

How courts martial (ball be conftituted.

No fentence of death to be given, unlefs two thirds of the members concur.

Aft may be repealed or amended this fefiion.

An alt to continue until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and oney an made in the taft fejjion of the par-liamentaf Ireland, intituled, An act to empower the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland\ to apprehend and detain fuch perfons as he or they (half fufpect for confpiring againft his Majefty’s perfon and government.— [March 24, 1801.]

WHEREAS an alt was pajfed in the laft fejfton of the parlia- Preamble.

ment of Ireland, intituled\ An act to empower the lord An aft of the lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to^^®.0110* apprehend and detain fuch perfons as he or they (hall* fufpeft for of*Ireland1**1* .confpiring againft his Majefty’s perfon and government: andrtc whereas it is necejfary for the fafety nf that part of the united kingdom Every perfon tailed Ireland, that the pr&vifiom of the faid afl Jhould be continued j in prifon in be it therefore enafted by th£ King’s mod excellent majefty, by If<. whe* and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tern- receive the poral, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and royal aflent, by the authority of the fame, That every perfon or perfons that or afterwards, is, are, or ihall be in prifon within that part of the united king- by warrant dom called Ireland^ at or upon the day upon which this tft (hall receive his Majefty’s royal afient, or after, by warrant of his inland, or of Majefty’s moft honourable privy council of that part of the the lora licu-united kingdom called'Ireland* figned by fix of the faid privy **?*"*• or council, for; high treafon, fufpicion of high treafon, or treafon- forhhA able praftices, or by warrant figned by the lord lieutenant or treafon, Ac. chief fecrctary, for fuch caufes as aforefaid, may be detained in may be de-fofe cuftody, without bail or mainprize, until the twemy-fourth wined till June day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one; and that no judge or juftice of the peace (hall bail or try any fuch perfon or fore that day -perlons fo committed, without order from, his faid Majefty’s be bailed or moft honourable privy council of that part of the united king- tr,*d>

dom

the faid privy council.'

4« Ar\no regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 15. [1801. I

dom called Ireland, figned by fix of the faid privy council, until. the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred 1 and one; any law orftatute to the contrary notwithfianding.

Such perfony H. And be it further enacted. That in cafes where any per-1 tametHn any ^on or Pcr^oos have been, before the palling of this aft, or fhall1 place in Ire/ be, during the time this aft ibali continue in force, arretted, un:\ and the committed, or detained in cuftody, by force of a warrant or war-perfons in rants of his Majefty’s faid mod honourable privy council of that* areU antf Part	un*tc<*	kingdom called Ireland* figned by fix of the

the place in' fiid privy council, for high treafon, fufpicion of high treafon, which they or treafonabie pr aft ices, or by warrant or warrants figned by-are detained, the lord lieutenant or his chief fecretary, for fuch caufes as] ^fe^varrant a^orc^a^»li an<* may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to. of the lord whom fuch warrant or warrants have been or fhall be direfted, lieutenant, to detain fuch perfon or perfons, fo arrefied or committed, in &c*	his or their cuftody, in any place whatever within that part of

the faid united kingdom; and that fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch warrant or warrants have been or fhall be direfted, fhall be deemed and taken to be, to all intents and purpofes,. lawfully authorifed to detain in fafe cuftody, and to be the lawful gaolers and keepers of fuch perfons fo arrefied, committed, or detained, and that; fuch place and places where fuch perfons fo arrefied, Committed, or detained, are or fhall be detained in cuftody, (hall be deemed and taken, to all intents and purpofes, to be lawful prifons and gaols for the detention in fafe cuftody of fuch perfon and perfons; and that it fhall and may be lawful 1 to and for the lord lieutenant of that part of the united kingdom for the time being, by warrant figned by him, or the chief fecretary of fuch lord lieutenant, by warrant figned, by fuch chief fecretary, or for his Majefty’s privy council of that part of the united kingdom,.by warrant figned by fix of the faid privy council, from time to time, as occafion fhall be, to change' the perfon or perfons by whom, and the place in which fuch perfon or perfons fo arrefied, committed, or'detained, fhall be detained in fafe cuftody.

Copies of III. Provided always, and be it enafted. That copies of fuch to. warrants refpeftively fhall be tranfinitted to the clerk of the ©fficeV^c C crown> an<* be filed by him in the publick office of the pleas of the pleas of the crown at the city of Dublin. crown in IV*. Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing in this Dublin. aft (ban ^ conftrued to extend to invalidate the ancient rights Privileges of an<] privileges of parliament, or to the imprifonment or detain-not invaUdat-	anY member of either houfe of parliament, during the

cd by this aft. fitting of fuch parliament, until the matter of which he ftands fufpefted be first communicated to the houfe of which he is a member, and the cpnfent of the faid houfe obtained for his commitment or detaining*

18014] Anno regni quadragdimo primo Georgii III. c. 16. 49

c a p., xvr.

An aSi to prohibit until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and twoy the making of malt and the diftilling of fpirits from corn or grain in Ireland,—[March 24, 1801.J

TTT HERR AS it is necrffary to prohibit the making of molt and Preamble.

V V the •diftilling offpirits from corn or grain in that fart of the united kingdom called .Ireland, for a limited time\ therefore be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritu^l and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the farrie. That, from and after the palling of this a£t, Until March until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon gr perfons roa(je -in jrc-to make malt in Ireland of any corn or grain whatfoever; and land of corn if any perfon or perfons (hall, from and after the palling of this or grain, on

adf, make, or caufe or fuffer to be made, any malt of corn or Penalty of 10I.

•	if 11	•	n	t*	r	*t*	«	tor cacn oar«

gram, or (hall wet or put into fteep, or caufe or fuffer to be rc^ ancj for.

wetted or put into fteep* any corn or grain, or (hall put or caufe feiture of the

to be put on any kiln any wetted or malted corn or grain, or any malt, or corn

corn or grain which had been wetted or malted, or (hall caufe or. S™10*

to be put any corn or grain into any procefs of manufacturing

into malt, or any part of fuch procefs, or if any perfon (hall have

in his or her pofll-flion any fuch malt of corn or grain, or any

corn or grain in procefs for manufacturing into malt, every fuch

perfon as aforefaid (hall, for every barrel of fuch malt or corn or

grain, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, and all fuch

wait or corn or grain in procefs as aforefaid, (hall be forfeited,

and may be feized by any juftice of the peace, or by any officer'

of excite in Ireland.	,

II. And be it enabled, That from and after the palling ofUntil March this a£t until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-	.??

fand eight hundred and two, it lhall not be lawful for any perfon	from

or perfons to diftill or make any fpirits or ftrong waters from any corn or grain, corn or grain whatfoever, or from any malt or tilts, or from See on penalty meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the fame, or to brew or make, or prepare for brewing or making, any worts or pot- the fpirits, ale, from any corn or grain, or from any malt or tilts, or from	*

meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the fame, for the making of .fpirits, or to make any linglingo from any fuch pot-ale; and if any perfon or perfons (hall, during the faid term, diftill or make, or caufe or fuffer to be diftilled or made, any fuch fpirits or ftrong waters, or brew or make, or caufe to be brewed or made, or (hall prepare for brewing-or making, or have in his or her pofleflion any fuch worts or pot-ale, or if any perfon (hall make or caufe to be made, or have in his or her poffef-fion any fuch finglingo, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds; and all fpirits or ftrong waters diftilled or made from corn or grain, or from malt, tilts, meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the fame, during the time aforefaid,

VOL.XUII.	E	anti

50 Anno regpi quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 16. [1801.

and all preparation for brewing fuch worts and pot-ale, and all fuch worts, pot-ale, wa(h, and finglingo, found during the time aforefaid, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any juftice of ,	the peace, or by any officer of excife in Ireland.

Perfonsent- HI. And be it enabled. That every fervant, workman, or makfn 'fuch ,abourer> employed or affifting in any part of the proccfs of mak-malt or fpirits *nS anY corn °r,grain into malt, or in' any part of the procefs of fliall.forfeit making or diftilling any fpirits from any corn or grain, or from *ol.	malt, tilts, meal, flour, or bran, mixed or unmixed with any

other materia], (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds. Perfons fined JV. And be it enacted. That if any perfon on whom any fuch fc^uentof-^" ®ne as a^ore^a^ be inflifled, fliall in due courfe of law be fences, faffer convicted of any fubfequent offence againft this a£l, every fuch one year's im- perfon (hall be adjudged to fuffer one year’s imprifonment in the prifonment. common gaol of the county in which fuch conviction (hall be. The lord lieu- V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it fliall be lawful the^idviceof ^or tbe ^or<* ^culenan5 or other chief governor or governors of 'the privy6 ° ■ Ire^an(l for the time being, with the advice of his Majefty’s privy council of council of Ireland for any time or times refpeCtively, as they Ireland, may, (hall think fit, after the first day of Oftober one thoufand eight ■ft	hundred	and one, by proclamation to allow the making of malt

the making of an(^ tbe diftilling of fpirits from corn or grain, malt, tilts, meal, malt and the flour, or bran, or any mixture v/ith the fame, or either of them, diftilling of for fuch time or times, and under fuch limitations, reftriCtions, fpirits from ancj regulations, as fliall in fuch proclamation be exprefled; corn or gram, ancj ^	jn	refpe£t of any aCt allowed by any fuch procla-

mation to be done, fliall be fubjeCt to any penalty or punifhment inflicted by this a<ft.

Penalties may VI. And be it ena&ed, That all pecuniary fines and penalties levi^,°and * infixed by this aCt, (hall be fuec| for and recovered, levied and applied, as di- applied, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, rented by any and with fuch powers and authorities as are prefcribed, dire&ed, taVthelat'V'f	anc* aPP0*nted> ln	ar*d by an	a&	of parliament made in Ireland

in Ireland. 6	*n tbe fourteenth	and fifteenth	yeajs of the reign of his late

majefty King Charles the Second, fMituled, An all for the fettling of the excife or new. impoft upon his Majefty, his heirs and fucceJfon% according to the book of rates therein inferted, or by any other law or laws relative to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, as fully and effectually to all intents, conftruftions, and purpofes, as if the fame were exprefled in this aCt, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party who (hall think him, her, or themfeives aggrieved or injured	as, in and	by	the laid aCt of excife, or any

other law or laws	relating to	his	Majefty’s revenue of excife in

Irelandy is provided.

CAP. XVII.

An all for continuing, until the twenty -fifth day March one thoufand eight hundred and two, certain alls ~of \ the loft feffion of the parliament of Ireland, for granting duties to his Mojefly. — £ March 24, 1801.]

. WHEREAS

1801.3	Anno regni quadragefimo primo Gexjrgii III. c 17. 51

WHEREAS an aft was made in tke parliament of Ireland, in Preamble, the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled\

An act for granting for one year the fevefal duties therein men- Certain afts tioned, in lieuof alJ other duties payable upon the articles therein ^^o^Ire-" fpecified during the faid term,, and for regulating the trade be-jan(j Qf tween this kingdom and his, Majefty-s colonies, and for other+0 Geo. 3, purpofes therein mentioned; which aft was to continue in force recited. until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight bun- * dred and one: and whereas another aft was made in the fame feffion of the faid parliament of Ireland, intituled, An act for ascertaining the (lock of foreign wines belonging to dealers in and fellers of fuch wines, on the twenty-fifth of March one thoufand eight hundred, and for securing certain duties of excife thereon, aad for granting to his Majefty a further duty on rum imported, and certain duties on the exportation,of certain goods to the Britijh plantations in America and the Weft Indies, in lieu of all other duties; by which Certain duties were granted on the importation into Ireland of certain goods, toares^ and merchandizes therein mentioned^ in addition to the duties granted by the faid first recited aft on the importation of the like goods and merchandizes into Ireland, and other duties were alfo thereby granted on the exportation from Ireland of certain other goods, wares, and merchandizes therein mentioned, in lieu of the duties granted by the faid first recited aft on the exportation from. Ireland of the tike goods, wares, and merchandizes^ and which laft mentioned aft was to continue in force until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one: and whereas certain other of the duties granted by the faid first recited aft have been varied by another aft^ pajfed in the fame fejjion of the parliament of Ireland, intituled, An act for the union of Great Britain and Ireland: and whereas another aft was pajfed in the fame feffion of the parliament of Ireland, intituled, An act for granting to his Majefty excife duties on foreign wines in his Majefty’s (lores, or in the (lores or warehoufes of dealers in or retailers of wine, at the time therein mentioned, and for granting further duties on fpirits diftilled, and on fweets or made wines, made in Ireland; whereby certain duties on fpirits diftilled^ and on fweets and wines made in Ireland, were granted in addition to the duties granted by the faid firjl recited aft on the like articles, which were to continue until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one: and whereas another aft was pajfed in the fame feffion of the faid parliament of Ireland, intituled, An act for granting an additional duty on refined fugars imported into this kingdom ; whereby a certain duty on refined fugar imported into Ireland was granted in addition to the duty granted by the faid first recited aft thereon, and which duty was to continue until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one: and whereas another aft was made in the fame feffion of the parliament of Ireland, intituled, An act for amending and making perpetual the feveral laws for regulating the watch in the diftrift of the metropolis, and for granting a further duty upon pawnbrokers ; by which a duty was granted in addition to a duty granted by the faid first recited

e 2	aft

52 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 17. [i8oi.

aft on the like article, and made payable until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one: and whereas another aft was made in the fame fejfion of the parliament ^Ireland, intituled. An adt for granting to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, certain duties and rates upon the portage and conveyance of all letters and packets within this kingdom; and two feveral other afts were made in the fame fejfion of the parliament of Ireland, for granting to his Majefty feveral duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the commiffioners for managing the ftamp duties; and another aft was made in the fame fejfion of the parliament	Ireland,

intituled. An act to amend and explain an aft parted in the forti-^	eth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, ‘ An aft

for granting to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, feveral duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the commiflioners for managing the ftamp duties :* and whereas the duties granted by the faid laft four recited afts are alfo made payable until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one: and whereas it is expedient that the /aid first recited aft, fubjeft to the alterations made by the faid other recited afts, and alfo the duties granted during the term before mentioned, by the faid other recited afts, except as herein-after mentioned, Jbould be further continued: be it therefore pnaftea by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and First recited by the authority of the fame, That the faid first recited aft, tl^Jteratfons	t0 l^c iterations made by the faid'other recited acts, or

made by^he** anY	them, or by any other aft, and alfo the feveral duties

other recited granted by the faid other recited afts, or any of them, which ads, or any . were to continue until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March ttedutie an<* one ^oufand eight hundred and one, except the excife duties granted^y the granted by the faid fourth recited ,aft on foreign wines in his other recited Majefty’s ftores, or in the ttores or warehoufes of dealers in ads, except or retailers of wines at the time therein mentioned, (hall refpec-the excife lively continue and be in force throughout Ireland from and after cdbythe*1" the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and fourth re- one, until and upon the twenty-fifth day of Marbb one thoufand cited ad, on eight hundred and two; and all the powers and provifions, foreign wine articles, claufes, matters, and things, contained in the faid re-of hisMju8 c*tcd a(^s> or any ^em, Ihall he ohferved and complied with jefty, or deal- during the term hereby granted, as fully and effeftually as if the ers in wines, fame had b^en extended to the term hereby granted by the faid C°n*ll,Med h rec‘te<* a^s> a°d the term hereby granted had made part thereof, *l“ttIgo2*rc and the feveral articles in refpeft whereof any duty is impofed by ’	*	the faid recited afts, or any of them, until and upon the twenty-

fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, (hall refpeftively be liable to the like duty, under the regulations 'and provifions of the faid recited afts refpeftively, from the faid. twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft.

II. And

iSoi.] Anno regniquadragefimoprimo Georgii III.c. i8—20. 53

II.	And be it enafted, That all the monies arifing from the Duties, not duties granted by the faid feveral ails hereby continued, and not p^^^d^to by the faid a&s or any of them appropriated or dire ft ed to be {* carried to applied to any particular ufe orufes, purpefe or purpofes,- (the the confoli-neceflary charges of railing and paying tjie fame, being de- dated fund of dueled), (half be carried to and made part of the confolidated Irelan<*# fund of Ireland.

III.	And be it enafted, That this aft may be varied, altered. Aft may be

amended, or repealed in the prefent feffion of parliament.	altered or re- •

•	r	v	r	pealed this

CAP. XVIII.	feffion-

An an for the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on Ihore, until the twenty-fifth day of March One thouland eight hundred and two.—[March 24, 1801.]

CAP. XIX.

An act for reviving and continuing, until the first day of Oftober one thouland eight hundred and one, fo much of an act made in the thirty-* ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majelly, as relates to the reducing ana better collefting the duties payable on the importation of ftarch; for reviving and continuing, until fin weeks after the commencement of the next leflion of pai liament, and amending an act made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign qf his prefent Majefty, for enabling his Majefty to permit goods to be imported into Great Britain, in neutral fhips; for reviving and continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and four, and from x thence until the expiption of fix week after the commencement of the then next feflion of parliament, an act made in the thirty-feverth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty* for authorifing bis Majelly to make regulations refpefting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope; and for reviving and making perpetual an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, for preventing offences in obftrufting, deftroying, or damaging ftiips, and in obftruc-ing Teamen and others from purfuing their lawful occupations.—

[April 2, 1801.] ,

So much of 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 8. as relates to the reducing the duties

payable on importation of ftarch, lhall be revised, and further continued

until Oft. 1, 1801. 39 Geo. 3. c. 112. permitting the importation of

goods in neutral ftiips, (hall be revived, and further continued until fig

weeks after the commencement of the next feflion. 37 Geo. 3. c. 21.

refpefting the trade of the Cape of Good Hope, (hall be revived, and

further continued until March 5, 1*04.. 33 Geo. 3. c. 67. for preventing

damaging (hips, &c. lhall be perpetual, from March 5, 1801.

* '

CAP. XX.

Art aft to extend, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one, the provifions of qn aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majcfiy^ intituled, An act for the better cultivation, improvement, and regulation of the common arable fields, waftes, and commons of pafture^ in this kingdom, and for encouraging the cultivation of potatoes In open and common field lands.—[ April 2, 1801.]

WHEREAS by an aft paffed in the thirteenth year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled^ An act for the bet- 13 Geo. 3, ?ter cultivation, improvement, and regulation of the common c. 81.

e 3	arable

54 Anno regni quadfagefimo primo Georgii III. c. 20. [1801.

arable fields, waftes, and commons of pafture, in this kingdom, it is amongfl other things enafled^ That three-fourths in number and v value of the occupiers of fuck field* and commons may enter into an agreement for cultivating them fame, in the manner therein mentioned and directed: and tu^ereas it is expedient at the prefent conjuncture, that encouragement Jhould be given to the cultivation of potatoes, in fuch open arid common field lands for a limited time ; be it therefore ena&ed by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and The majority commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-in value of the tharity of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for oCen^elds°f t^e nfiarjor*ty 'n va^uc of the occupiers of any open and common prefen^at8! field lands, who (hall be prefent at any meeting to be held in meeting of purfuance of eight days notice given in the manner diredled by which eight the faid a<3:, to enter into any agreement for (hutting up and fhallbeeiv n un^oc^^n? fuch °Pen and common field lands for the purpofe of may enter into.P^an^nS the fame with potatoes; and the expences of tarrying any agreement fuch agreement into execution, (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, for flatting and paid in the fame manner as the charges and expences of up the fame carrying the purpofes of the faid a<5t into execution are direSed potatoes,m&c, {0 be raifed* levied, colleded,' and paid.

In default H* Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe thereof, any it fhall happen that the majority in value of fuch occupiers (ball occupier may difepprove of the (hutting up and unlocking any fuch lands, it lane?in his	anc^ may be lawful to and for any occupier of fuch open

occupation, anc* common field lands to inclofe the land in his own occupa-making fuch tion for the purpofe aforefaid ; and a compenfation for the right compenfation of pafture, which may be claimed by the other occupiers thereof; to p others fha]i be afeertained by three principal inhabitants,. chofen as j aforefaid, and lball be paid by fuch occupier to the perfons three inha- feverally entitled thereto.

bitants.	HI.	Provided alfo, and be .it enabled. That nothing herein

Rights of	contained (hall exclude any perfon or perfons feifed or poflefied

feparate	Gf a feparate (beep-walk or pafture of cattle in or over all or any

ol^aiture of ^ common field lands, in any pari(h or place, or in or over cattle not to any Part thereof, from ufing, exercifing, and enjoying fuch be aftedted, right, in as full and ample mauner to all intents and purpofes as he might or could have enjoyed the fame before the palling of this a<?t.

Compenfation	IV. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be

terfonlah V?	t0 *an<^ for anY three of*the principal inhabitants or any

right of com-^ Par^ or P*ace ln which fuch open and common field lands (o mon, for any to be (hut up (hall be fituate, being chofen by the majority in lofs fuftained. value of fuch occupiers at the meeting to be held in manner be- | fgre-mentioned, (and of which the lord of the manor or his agent, or the re&or,* vicar, or curate of fuch parilh or place (ball be one), to afeertain, fettle, and determine the recom-pence and faiisfa&ion that ought to be made to cottagers and other perfons having only fight of common on fuch lands, for the lofs they may fuftain by the (hutting up thereof, and by prder, under the hands and feals of any two or more of fuch

principal

i#oi.j Anno regni quadragelimo primo Georgii III. c. 21. 5$

principal inhabitants, to order and direft the (ever?l perfons poflefled of or occupying any fuch lands, to make recompence or fatisfedion to fuch cottagers or other perfons, by a payment ! in money, or to allot to them»fuch quantity of land, and for fuch period, as (hall be Specified in fuch warrant, to be made ! ufe of by them for the cultivation of potatoes, to and for their . foie ufe and benefit; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary ■t notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enacted. That this a£t (hall continue in Continuance force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eightof • hundred and one.

CAP. XXI.

An act for permitting East India goods prohibited to be worn or ufed in Great Britain, and warehoufed\ in purfuance of an all made in the thirty* ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy,	,

to be removed by land carriage to certain ports, for the purpofe of being exported to the Bri.ifh colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies.—[April 18, 1801.J

WHEREAS by an ait passed in the thirty-ninth year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majefty, amongft other things for per- 39 Geo’*> , mining certain goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoufed c* 59> recltec*# in the port of London; and Juch goods, after having been fo ware-houfedj are required to be exported dire illy from the warehovfe or warehoufei in which the fame jball have been fo lodged or fecured; and whereas it is expedient to permit East India goods, which are prohibited to be worn or ufed in that part of the united kingdom called Great Britain, and which jball have been warehoufed in purfuance of the faid alt, to be removed by land carriage to the ports of Liverpool, Lancafter, and' Briftol, for the purpofe of being ex~ ' ported to the Britifh colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies: be it therefore ena&cd by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tern-, poral, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and r . by the authority of the fame. That whenever any East India ro^the " goods, which are prohibited to be worn or ufed in that part of cuftomsmay the united kingdom called Great Britain, and which fliall have permit East been fo warehoufed in purfuance of the faid act, lhall be intended to be exported to any Britijh colony or plantation in the Weft	[a	°

Indies, it fliall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of his Great Britain, Majcfty’s cuftoms for the time being, or any four or more of warehoufed them, to grant permiflion for the removal of the faid goods from u"dcr r^citc<i fuch warehoufe or warehoufes by land carriage to the ports of Liverpool, Lancafter, and Briftol, for the purpofe of being ex- iancj carriage ported from thence refpe&ively to the faid Britijh colonies or to certain plantations in the Weft Indies, under fuch rules, regulations, Ports f°r cx~ reftri&ions, and fecurities, as arc now by law required for cer- ^e tain East India prohibited goods, when removed from one port colonics in the of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported to Weft Indies* Africa•

34-

CAP,

56 Anno r$gni quadr^gefimo primo Georgii III. c. 22, [1801.

CAP. XXII.

/

An act to render valid indentures of apprenticejbip of poor thildren and othersf made uponx improper jlamps, upon certain conditions \ and to indemnify all perfons who may have incurred penalties thereby.—[April 18, 1801.]

Preamble. "YX THERE AS divers indentures of apprenticejbip made for the V V binding of poor children and others, have, through miflake and inadvertency, and without any intention to defraud the revenue, been made out and executed upon Jlamps of a different denomination and value than is required by the feveral afts relating to the Jlamp duties charged and payable upon indentures of apprenticejbip, and by reafon thereof great inconvenience has arifen, and may arife, to the majlers and mifireffes of fucb apprentices, and to fucb apprentices, by reafon that fucb indentures are not valid or binding upon any of •	the parties thereto : And whereas it is expedient that the fame Jhould

be reftified', for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembJed, and by the authority of the fame. That upon payment on or before the thirty-firft day of December one thou-fand eight hundred and one, of the full rate or duty payable in on indentures refpedl of any fuch indenture, or on the produ&ion at the head of apprentice- 0fftce Qf (lamps, of any fuch indentures of apprenticedp, where produSioh of lame» have be^n (lamped* with any (lamp of a higher value, though of a different denomination, than is required by law, every fuch indenture (hall, on being tendered at the proper place in the (lamp office where fuch indentures are (lamped, {hiring the time of office hours,’ \>e damped with the proper (lamp for fuch indentures, without the payment of any penalty whatever; and every fuch indenture being fo (lamped as afore-faid with the proper (lamp (whether the fame (hall be f6 (lamped ed bylawi during the time mentioned in any fuch indenture, pr after the the lame /half expiration thereof) (hall thereupon be good, valid, and avail-be (lamped able in law and equity, and (hall be binding upon all the parties thereto, and (hail be deemed to have been in full force from the execution thereof, and (hall and may be given in evidence in any court or courts whatfoever; and the feveral clerks, apprentices, or fervants therein refpedlively named, (hall be be valid, capable of following and exercifing their refpedlive intended c*	profefiion, trade, employment, or bufjnefs, as fully as if the faid

indenture had been, properly (lamped at or after the execution thereof; and all and every perfon and perfoqs who hath or have . incurred any penalty or forfeiture by any fuch negledl or omif-Aon as aforefaid, (hall be acquitted and difeharged of and from, and indemnified againft the fame, except only in fuch cafes * where any profecution (hall be now depending; any thing in any, adt or adls to the contrary thereof notyvithft^ndmg.

CAP,

On payment by Dec. 3 f, 1S01, of the duty payable

Fuch as (hall have been damped with a damp of a higher value, though of a different denomination, than is requir

with the pio-per damp, without payment of any penalty, and

1801.] Anno regni quadragefimo primQ Georgii III. c. 23. 57 CAP. XXIII.

An act for the better colleftion of rates made for th( relief of the poor.—[April 18, 1801,]

I

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made and paffed in the Preamble.

feventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George 17 Geo. «• the Second, intituled. An act for remedying fbme defects in the c* 3#* aft, made in the forty-third year of the reign of Queen Eliza-beth, intituled, c An act for the Relief of the Poor;’ power w at given to juft ices of the peace, upon appeals from rates and ajfffmetits, where they fhould fee juft caufe to give relief to amend the Jame in fuch manner only as fhould be  necessary for giving fuch relief without altering fuch rates or ajfejfments with refpeft to other perfont men-t toned in the fame: and whereas the quajhing or fetting a fide of rates or ajfejfments made for the relief of the poor, is attended with great inconvenience 5 and it hath happened, in confequence of the rate or pffejfment being quajhed or fet ajide, or of notice of appeal againjl the whole rate being given, ,the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor have not had any money in hand for the relief and maintenance of the poor: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with Ae advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled; and by the authority of the fame. That, appeal from and after the palling of this aft, upon all appeals from any	P001*

rate or affefTment made for the relief of the poor of any parilh, quarter feflion townfhip, vill, or place, the court of general or quarter fe(lions may amend it of the peace (ball, and fuch court is hereby authorifed and re- without ^ quired (in all cafes where they (hall fee juft caufe to give relief) ^r^ofc*?-to amend fuch rate or affefTment, either by inferting therein or ft™ to grant finking out the name or names of any perfon or perfons, or by relief, may altering the fum or fum$ therein charged on any perfon or per- quafh the rate, fons, or in any other manner which the faid court (hall think^ffelTed IhSi  necessary for giving fuch relief, and without quafhing or wholly notwithttainU fetting afide fuch rate or affefTment: provided always, Thft if ing be levied* the faid court {half be of opinion that it is neceffary, for the purpofe of givjng reliefcto the perfon or perfons appealing, that the rate or afteffment fhould be wholly quafhed, then the faid court may qualh the fame ; but nevertheless, all and every the	♦

fum and fums of money in and by fuch rate or affeffment charged on any perfon or perfons, fhall and may be levied and recovered by fuch ways and means, and in fuch and the fame manner* as if no appeal had been made againft fuch rate or affeffment; and all and every the fum and fums of money which any perfon or perfons charged in fuch rate or afteffment fhall pay, or which fhall be levied upon or recovered from him, her, or them, fhall be deemed and taken as payments, on account of the next effeftive rate or rates, affeffment or affeffments, which fhall be made for the relief of the poor of the fame parifh, townfhip, vill, or plape.

II.	And

peal not to prevent dif-trefe being made tor the recovery of

fefl'ed in the laft effective rate.

Quarter fcf-

58 Anno regni quadragcfimo primo Georgii III, c. 23. [1801. Notice of ap- II. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the pafling of this a Sty all and every the fum and Aims of money at which any perfon or perfons is or are or Ihall be rated or aflefled, in any rate or afleflment made for the relief of the poor of any parifh, townfhip, vill, or place, (hall and may be levied and ^de^the^fum rccoverc^ hy diftrefs,and all other lawful ways and means, not-benot greater withftanding the perfon or perfons fo rated or aflefled, or any than that, af- other perfon or perfons, (hall have given notice of appeal from or againft fuch rate or afleflment, for any caufe whatfoever: provided always, That if any perfon, rated or aflefled in any rate or afleflment made for the relief of the poor, fhall give fuch notice of appeal as hereinafter mentioned to the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of any parilh, townfhip, vill, or place, or any two of them, then, from and after the giving of fuch notice, and until the appeal (hall have been heard and determined, no proceedings (hall be commenced or carried on to recover any greater fum or fums of money from fuch perfon or perfons, than the fum or fums at which he, (he, or they, or any occupier ’of the fame premifes,, fliall have been rated or aflefled in the laft effective rate which (hall have been collected in fuch parilh, townfhip, vill, or place,

-	.	Ill, And be it further enacted. That in cafe the faid court of

ordered^rate Senera^ or qua|*ter feffioriv of the peace (hall upon appeal order to be quaflied, any rate or afleflinent for the relief of the poor to be qualhed, it may order the (hall be lawful for the faid court to order that any fum or fums fum charged Qf money, in and by fuch rate or afleflment charged on any per-TOt^bTpatd ^on or Perf°ns> or any part of any fuch fum or fums, not to be and (top pro- * paid* and then and in every fuch cafe no proceedings (baJJ* after making*fuch order, be commenced £ or if any proceedings have been previoufly commenced, fuch proceedings (hall be no further profecuted or carried on for the purpofe of levying or enforcing the payment of any fum or fums which (hall be fo ordered by the faid court not to be paid as aforefaid: provided always. That no juftice of the peace, conftable, or other officer of the peace or other perfon fliall be deemed a trefpafler, or liab^ to. any action, for any warrant, order, a&, or thing, which fuch juftice, conftable, or other officer or perfon (hall have granted, made, executed, or done, for the purpofe of levying or enforcing the payment of any fuch fum or fums of money, before he (hall have had notice in writing of the order for the non-payment of fuch fum or fums of money, which the (aid court is hereby authorifed to make as aforefaid,

IV.	And be it further enabled. That, from and after the pafling of this a&, all notices of appeal from or againft any rate or afleflment made for the relief of the poor, or from or againft dt«3 and over-the account of the churthwardens and overfeers of the poor of fecrs of the	any parilh, townfliip, vill, or place, fliall be in writing, and

poor, See.	fhall be figned by the perfon or perfons giving the fame, or his,

her, or their attorney, on his, her, or their behalf; and fuch notices of appeal fliall be delivered to or left at the places of abode of the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the

parilh,

ceedingfs for the recovery thereof, &c*

Notices of appeal to be given to church war-

i Soi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgh III. c« 23. 59

partth, townfhip, vill, or plac^, or any two of them, and the particular caufes or grounds of appeal (hall be ftated and fpe-cified in fuch notice; and upon the hearing of any appeal from or againft any fuch rate or afleffment, or account, the court of general or quarter feffions to which fuch appeal (hall be made, fball not examine or enquire into any other caufe or ground of appeal than fuch as are or is Hated and fpecified in the notice of appeal.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted, That Appeals may with the content of the overfeers, fignified by them or their at- decided, if torney in open court, and with the confent of any other perfon conlent^al-interefted therein, the faid court of/effions may proceed to hear though notice and decide upon fuch appeal, although no notice thereof (hall be not given, have been given in writing; and alfo that with the like confent

fuch court may hear and decide upon grounds of appeal, not Hated or miftated in fuch written notice, where any notice (hall have been given in writing.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Perfons ap-palling of this aft, if any perfon or perfons (hall appeal againft

any rate or afleffment made for the relief of the poor, becaufe gfvcnodce^ any other perfon or perfons is or are rated or aflefled in fuch rate not only to or afleffment, or is or are omitted to be rated or aflefled therein, the church-or becatife any other perfon or perfons is or are rated or aflefled	&c.

in any fuch rate or afleffment at any greater or lefs fum or Aims p^-fons inte- * of money than the fum or Aims at which he, (he, or they ought retted, &c. to be rated or aflefled therein, or for any other caufe that may require any alteration to be made in fuch rate or afleflment with refpcct to ^ny other perfon or perfons, then and in every fuch ca/e the perfon or perfons fo appealing for the caufes aforefaid, or any of them, (hall give fuch notice of appeal, in writing as herein-before mentioned, not only to the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor, or any two or more of them, but alfo to the other perfon or perfons fo interefted or concerned in the event of fuch appeal as aforefaid ; and fuch other perfon or perfons (hall, if he; (he:, or they (hall fo defire, be heard upon the faid appeal; and it (hall be lawful for the court of general or quarter feffions of the peace, on the hearing of fuch appeal, to order the name or names of fuch other perfon or perfons to be inferted in fuch rate or afleflment, and him, her, or them to be therein rated and aflefled at any fum or Aims of money, or to order the name or names of fuch other perfon or perfons to be (truck out of fuch rate 6r afleffment, or the fum or Aims at which he, (he, or they is or are rated or aflefled therein, to be altered, in fuch manner as the faid court (hall think right; and the proper officer of the faid court (hall forthwith add to or alter the rate or afleffment accordingly.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That if upon the hearing of The rate (haft any appeal from or againft any rate or afleffment, the faid court be rffco.v5r?d (hall order the name or names of any perfon or perfons to bea£eaq^tery inferted therein, and him, her, or them to be rated or aflefled feffions.

at any fum or fums of iqoney, or (hall order the fum or fums at

which

Jn cafe In the rate the name of any perfon

fum lowered, the quarter fefiions (hall order the money which ought not to have been recovered to be repaid.

60 Anno regni quadragefimO primoGEdRGii III. c. [i8ou

which any perfon or perfons is or are therein rated or aflefled to be raised or inqreafed, then and in fuch cafe all and every the fum and fums of money* at or to which fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fo ordered to be rated or aflefled, or to be raised or in-creafed, or fo much thereof as (hall not have been already paid* (hall and may be recovered in fuch and the fame manner, and by fuch and the fame means, as if he, (he, or they had been originally named in fuch rate or a(Te(Tment, and rated or aflefled therein at fuch .fum or fums of money.

VIII.	And be it enaded, That if upon the hearing of any penon aPPea* from sny rate or afleflment for the relief of the poor, the

lhall be ftiuckcourt of general or quarter feflions of the peace (hall order the out, or any name or names of any perfoi) or perfons to be ftruck out of fuch rate or affeflment, or the fum or fums rated or aflefled on any perfon or perfons to be decreafed or lowered; and if it (hall be made appear to (he faid court, that fuch perfon or perfons hath or have, previoufly to the hearing of fuch appeal, paid any fum or fums of money, in confequence of fuch rate or affeflment, which he, (he, or they ought not to have paid or been charged with, then and in every fuch cafe the faid court (hall order all and every fuch fum and fums of money to be repaid and returned, by the faid churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, to the perfon or perfons having paid the fame refpeftively, together .with all reafonable cofts, charges, and expends, occafioned by fuch perfon or perfons having paid or been required to pay the fame $ and all and every the fum and fums of money fo ordered to be repaid or returned by the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, or any of them, (hall and may, together with all fuch cofts, charges, and expences as aforefaid, be levied and recovered from them, or any of them, by diftrefs and all fuch other ways and means as the money charged, rated, or aflefled on any per-fpn, by any rate or afleflment made for the relief of the poor, can of may be by law levied or recovered.

IX.	And whereas it, may have happened that the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of fome parijhes, town flips y vills9 or places,

_______ _ have not been able tq collect a fum of money fufficient for<tbe relief

poor repaying and maintenance, of the poor within or belonging to the famey but the money theyy or the guardian dr guardians of the poor of fucb parifbei, expended by tmnfiiph vills, or places, have heretofore actually advanced and church war-^ expended confer able fum$ for that purpofe\ be it therefore ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of any parifti, townftiip, vill, or place, or any of them, out of any money which they or any of them (hall colleft or receive by virtue or in purfuance of any rate or afleflment made for the relief ,of the poor of fuch parifti* townftiip, vill, or place, to repay and. reimburfe the preceding churchwardens and overfeers, guardian or guardians of the poor of fuch parifti, townftiip, vill, or place, all fuch fums of money as they or any of them have heretofore advanced or expended for the relief or maintenance of the poor within or belonging to fuch parifti, townftiip, vill,or place, during the time that no rate or afleflment for the relief of the poor thereof has been made, or during the time that any appeal

has

In default of churchwardens and overfeers of the

dens, &c. for the maintenance of the poor, the quarter feflions, on application being made to them, (hall make an r for

p*vment. '

1801.] Annd regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 24. 61

has been depending which affefted the whole of fuch rate or afleflment, or upon the hearing of which, the fame might be wholly quathed or fet a fide; and in cafe the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of any parifli, townfhip, vill, or place,

(hall not pay to the preceding churchwardens and overfeers, guardian or guardians, all fuch fums of money as they or any of them have fo advanced and expended for the relief and mainte* nance of the poor as aforefaid, within fourteen days next after demand in writing made for that purpofe, it (hall be lawful for fuch preceding churchwardens and overfeers, guardian or guar* dians of the poor, or any of them, to apply to the then next court of general or quarter feflions of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, town, corporation, or franchife, within which fuch parilh, town (hip, vill, or place is fituate, giving due notice in writing of fuch application to the then churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of fuch pari(h, townfhip, vill, or place, or any two or more of them 5 and the faid court of general or quarter feflions of the peace (hall enquire into the matter of the laid application, and examine the parties and their witnefles upon oath, and (hall make an order upon the then churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of fuch pariih, townfhip, vill, or place, or any of them, out of the money collefted or received, or to be colle&ed or received by them or any of them, under or in purfuance of any rate or afleflment made for the relief of the poor, to pay fuch fum or fums of money to ttye preceding churchwardens and overfeers, guardian or guardians of the poor of the fame, or any of them, as the faid court (hall think fit; and all and every the fum and fums of money fo ordered by the faid court to be paid, (hall and may be levied and recovered by diftrefs and all fuch other ways and means as the money charged, rated, or aflefled on any perfon by any rate or afleflment made for the relief of the poor, can or may be by law levied or recovered.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for the indemnifying of perfons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolifhing of mills, or of works thereunto belongings by perfons unlawfully and riotouff affembled,—[April 18, 1801.}

WHEREAS by an alt pajfed in the ninth year of the reign ^/'Preamble.

hisprefent Maje)lyy intituled^ An act for the more effectual 9 Geo. 3. puni(hment4 of fuch perfons as (hall demoli(h or pull down, c* 29* burn, or otherwife deftroy or fpoil, any mill or mills; and for / , preventing the deftroying or damaging of engines for draining * collieries and mines; or bridges, waggon ways, or other things ufed in conveying coals, lead, tin, or other minerals, from mines ; or fences for inclofing l^nds, in purfuance of afts of parliament, it was amongft other things recited\ That by an aft pajfed in the frjl year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firjis intituledy An act for preventing tumults and riotous 1 Geo. t.c. aflemblies, and for the more fpeedy and effeftual punching the rioters, it was among other things enatted, That if any perfom

unlawfully y

6z Anno regni quadrageiimo primo Georgii III. c. [i8ot.

unlawfully, riotoufly, and tumultuoufly ajfembled together, to the dip turbance of the publick peace, JboUld unlawfully and with force demolijh or pull down, or begin to demolijh or pull down any church\ or chapel, or any building for religious worfbip, certified and regifi tered according to the flatute made in the fir ft year of the reign of i Gul &Mar. the iate King William and Jfhteen Mary, intituled\ An *<5t for c*l8#	exempting their Majefties proteflant fubjeds, diflenting from the

church of England\ from the penalties of certain laws, or any dwelling houfe, barn, fiable, or other out houfe, that then every fucb demolijhing or pulling down, or beginning to demolijh or pull down, fhould be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein fhould be* adjudged felons, and fhould fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy: and tt was alfo further recited, That fome doubts had arifen whether the faid aft extended to the pulling down and iemolifbing. of mills: wherefore, for remedying the mifchiefs which might enfite therefrom, and for the more effectual punifhment of fuch offenders, it was by the faid aft enabled, That tf dny per fen or perfons unlawfully, riotoufly, and tumultuoufly ajfembled together to the • difturbance of the publick peace, fhould at any time after the firji day of July one tboufond seven hundred and fixty-nine, unlawfully and with force demolijh or pull down, or begin to demolijh	or pull down, any wind faw mill or other wind mill, or

, any water	mill or other mill, which fhould have been or {hall be

,	erefted, or	any of the works thereto refpeftively belonging, that then

\	every fuch	demolijhing or pulling down, or beginning to dtmolifh or

pull down,	fhould be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and

the offenders therein fhould be adjudged felons, and fhould fuffer death as in cafe of felony without benefit of clergy: and whereas no provifion is made in and by the faid recited aft for the indemnification of the perfons damnified and injured by fuch puVing down and de-molxfbing of the above mentioned mills and works thereunto belonging: and whereas it is expedient that the like remedy and means of indemnification fhould be extended to the perfons damnified, and injured by the pulling down and demolifoing fuch mills and works thereunto belonging, as are by the faid aft, paJJid in the fir ft year of the reign of his faid late majefiy King George the Firji, intituled. An adt for preventing tumults and riotous aflemblies, and for the more fpeedy and effectual punifhing the rioters, now afforded and given to the perfons damnified and injured by the demohfhing and pulling Damages oc- down wholly or in part any church, chapel, building for religious thedemohfh	dwelling houfe, barn, fable, or oufbouji, as in the faid

ing of mills," ty} mentioned aft is mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the &c. by per- King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and fons unlaw- content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in fully aflem- this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fued forYnd ^ame> That if after the paffing of this acl, any wind faw mill or recovered in other wind mill, or any water mill or other mill, or any of the the manner works thereunto belonging, (hall be demoliihed or pulled down, provided by wholly or in part by any perfons fo unlawfully, riotoufly, and ofVo^o. jj* tumultuoufly aflembled, that then the damages fuftained by the c. 5.	’	perfon or perfons injured and damnified by fuch demoliihing

or

i8oi.] Anno regni quadragelimo primo Georgii III. c. 25.	63

or pulling down wholly or in part, {hall and may be fued for, recovered, levied, raifed, and reimburfed in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and me^ns as ate particularly provided in and by the (aid a£t made in the first year of the reign of his faid late majesty King George the First, in refpeft to the feveral deferiptions of buildings therein mentioned.

CAP. XXV.

An act for the better regulation of the office of majler of the rolls, in that part'of the united kingdom called If eland ; and for augmenting the/alary annexed to the faid office.-* [April 18, 1801.J

WHEREAS it is expedient that the office of majler of the rolls, Preamble.

in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, Jhould be made a judicial office ayid affiftant. to the lord high chancellor of Ireland ; but the fame being, by an afl pajfed in the parliament of Ireland,the tenth year of the reign of his late majejly King Henry the Seventh, now held only at the King9s will and pleafure, it is expedient that bis Majejly Jhould be empowered to regulate the faid office, and that the falary thereof Jhould be augmented ; be it therefore enabled by tfie King’s n\oft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafljng of this a<ft, it (hall be law- His Majefty ful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, by any letters patent ^^miffionof under the great feal of the united kingdom of Great Britain and palter of the Irelandto grant the comtniffion of mafter of the rolls of that rolls in Ire-part of the united kingdom called Ireland, for the time being, land, andpro-uato any perfon quam diu fe benegeffirit; and to provide that fuch JhaUremain in commiffion (hall continue and remain in full force during the force during good ^ehaviour of the perfon holding the faid office, notwith- the good be-(landing any demife of his Majefty (whom God long preferve) hariourofthe or of any of his heirs or fucceflors, any law, ufage, or practice, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding; and that Qf the rolls the mafter of the rolls fo appointed (hall have full power and au- may make or-thority to make orders and decrees, on all matters and caufes dersand de“ now depending, or which (hall hereafter be depending, in the courts of chancery of that part of the united kingdom called but fubje& to Ireland*, and that all fuch orders and decrees (hall be deemed bedifeharged, and taken to be valid orders and decrees of the faid court of &c* bythe chancery; but fubjed neverthelefs, in every fuch cafe, to be \or difeharged, reverfed, or altered, by the lord chancellor, lord enrolled till keeper, or lords commiffioners of the great feal of Ireland for the figned by time being; and lb as no fuch orders or decrees be enrolled till him ; , the fame (hall be figned by the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, and his Ma-or lords commiffioners of the great feal.	Pro"

II. And be it further enafited. That it (hall be lawful for his ma£ee Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in any fuch patent, to provide orders in all that the faid mafter of the rolls (hall have full power and autho- matters re-rity to make orders, in all matters touching the execution of the fee^j.^st8 laws refpe&ing bankrupts, in that part of the united kingdom fobje<ft tothe called Ireland; and that all fuch orders (hall be of the like force like controul.

€4 Anno regni quadragefimo pfimo GfioftGit IIL c. 25. [i8di.

and effeft as if made by the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lord? 'I commiffioners of the great feal of Ireland ior the time be*ng ; fufcyj^ je& neverthelefs to be di(charged, reverfed, or altered, by the [?&

. lord chancellor,.lord keeper, or lords commiffioners of the guf* feal.	*

There (hall be !!!• And be it farther enbdted, That, from and after the* fa paid quarter- ing of this a<ft^ where any fuch commiffion as aforefaid ft*n th«>4 *>'* out of drc granted by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, purfuantpr amt fu^oMre- ?royi^ons °f this adl, there (hall be iflued,paid, and payajy fuaji land, fo much and charged and chargeable upon the consolidated i dozy*' as will make that part of the united kingdom called Ireland,(after pa offendei* up the fahry referving fufficient to pay all fuch fum and fums of rik as *'3 the mafter of ^ave ^een ^ireded, by anY former adt or adls of parliaixu^/rti the rolls be out of the fame, but with preference to ail other pay me M 3,500k annu- which (hall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of ' *Uy-	the laid fund), to the matter of the rolls as aforefaid, to whom

fuch powers (hall be granted as aforefaid, as an augmentation of 'his falary, fo much money as will make up his falary and pecuniary profits belonging to his faid office, the annual lum of three • t thoufand five hundred pourlds; which faid fum afjnoney, to be iflued in purfuance of this acf, (hall, from time to time from thenceforth be payable and paid quarterly, free and clear cf all taxes and deductions whatfoever, on every twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September > and twenty-fifth day of December5 the first payment thereof, or of fuch proportion thereof as (hall have accrued from the dare of fuch grant of fuch office as aforefaid, to be made on the first of the faid days \Vhich (hall next happen after the grant of fuch *	.	.	office (hall a&ually have been made under and by virtue of this act.

. An s^Atinr	*	  ^

of the income	And	be	it	further	enafled.	That every fuch matter of the

of the matter rolls for the time being, or fuch officer as he (hall appoint, (hall, of the rolls as foon as conveniently may be after the fifteenth day of Match, raed^uar*" f°urteenr^ ^ay June, nineteenth day of September, and fifteenth terly to the" day °f December, commencing on fuch of the faid days as (hall lordbightrea- happen next after fuch grant of fuch office as aforefaid, deliver to furerof Ire* the lord high rreafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, of Ireland, an account, figned by fuch matter of the rolls, 6f his clear falary, after the deduction of all tecs and taxes paid in refpedt thereof, and alfo of'all fees and pecuniary profits which (hall have been received, or were payable to him, in refpedt of the execution of his faid office of matter of the rolls aforefaid, between the day on which fuch matter of the rolls (hall have entered upon his office in purfuance of fuch grant as afore* faid, and the day upon which fuch acccount is diretfed to be delivered by virtue of this a&; and a like account (hall be delivered, in like manner, in every fucceeding quarter, ending on the fifteenth day of March, fourteenth day of June, nineteenth day of September, and fifteenth day of December, of the lalaries and fees and pecuniary profits which (hall have been received, or were payable to him, in refpc& of his office, from the day to which the latt account delivered in was /made up for the preceding quarter aforefaid.

V.	And

land;

*8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii IIT. c. 25,	65

V. And be it further enacted, That in whatever fum the and in what-whole amount which fhall have been received, or was payable cio any fuch mafter of the rolls as aforefaid,«in refpeft of his faid t^Alx 875i.pcr n office, within the quarter comprized in any fuch account, (hall quarter, it t lei's than the clear fum of eight hundred and feventy-five lhaN heiilued* ^crinds, the fame (hall be the fum ro be iffued for the quarter in Xch the faid account (hall be delivered, and (hall be computed I afcertained Co as to make up the whole of the falary and pe- .

AnaPMry profits of fuch mafter of thfe rolls as aforefaid, to the /^//herly fum before mentioned; and fuch fum (hall be iffued thtf&Lrdingly as if the fum fo to be afcertained had been fpecifi-j mentioned in this aft.

Provided always, and be it enafted, That if any perfon, The executors ’naving fuch grant of the office of mafter of the rolls as aforefaid, ^

(liall die, or refign the fame, then the executors or adminiftrators wj,0 of the perfon fo dying, or the perfon fo refigning the fame, (hall andajy per-be entitled to fuch proportionable part of the clpar falary and fon that (hall profits of fuch office as aforefaid, as, according to the rates above	bt

mentioned, (hall have accrued during the time that fuch perfon entitled to a (hall have executed fuch office as aforefaid; and the proper officer proportion of of the fucceflor of every fuch perfon (hall, on fuch of the faid the falary and days appointed for delivering in fuch accounts as aforefaid, which rate^above^ (hall be immediately fubfequent to every fuch death or refignation, mentioned!" or as (don after as conveniently may be, deliver in fuch account during their as is herein-before required to be delivered, figned by fuch fuc- executing it 5 ceffor, and alfo by his predeceffor, in cafe of refignaticn, or the executors or adminiftrators of fuch predeceffor deceafed, as the ceived\ the cafe may be; and fuch fucceffor and his predeceffor, in cafe of exccfs(hall be refignation, and the executors and adminiftrators of fuch prede- paid to the cellor, in cafe of death, (hall be refpeftively entitled to and receive fucceffpr* fuch proportionable part of fuch fum, as upon fuch account (hall be due and payable by virtue of this aft as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch perfon, fo dying or refigning, (hall have received, during fuch part of the quarter in which fuch perfon (hall die or re-fign, more than a proportionable part of the clear falary and. profits of his office, according to the time during which fuch perfon (hall have executed the fame, every fuch perfon fo refigning, and the executors or adminiftrators of the perfon fo dying,

(hall pay to the fucceffor of every fuch perfon fo much as the fums (hall exceed the fums to which fuch perfon, fo dying or re-figning, (hall be entitled according to the rates aforefaid.

VII.	And he it enafted, That the fucceffor of every fuch per- The fucceffor

fon, fo dying or refigning, (hall he entitled to have and receive, peifou^viuz1 from all perfons whatfoever,. fuch falaries and profits as (hall or refignmgt arife and become due from the death or refignation of his pre- to be entitled deceflbr in the office of fuch mafter of the. rolls aforefaid, in like to receive the manner as if his grant or patent had borne date the day next profi^9arifinjr fubfequent to the day of the death or refignation of his pre- from thc time deceffor*	of either

VIII.	And be it enafted. That the mafter of the rolls, fo^to event.

be appointed, (hall and may have power and authority to appoint The waSer of VOL.XLIII.	F	a	pro-	the roll* may

Preamble. +o Geo. j. c. j».

66 Anno regni quadragefimo pritno Georoii III. c. 26. [i8ot. appoint a de- a proper and fufficient officer to execute fuch part of the duties muS bean- °* *h« (kid office as have been heretofore performed by deputy; proved fry the fuch officer first to be approved by the Jord chancellor, or lord Rmtcbancel- keeper, or lords commiffioners fo' the cuftody of the great leal, lor.	of Ireland, refpedively, for the time being, by inftrument under

the hand and feal of fuch lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiffioners refpe&ively.

Hi* Majefty	IX. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it may

jm^msSerof	lawfu* f°r his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, to remove any

the rolls upon matter of the rolls, upon an add refs of both houses of parliament an addrefsof of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, parliament.

CAP. xxyi:

An act for reviving and further continuing, until fix weeks after tk commentement of the nextfeffion of parliament, feveral aBs, maJein the. thirty-eighth, thirty-ninth, and fortieth years of his prefat Majefty's reign, and in the loft feffion of parliament, for empowering his Majefty to fecure and detain fuch perfons as hi} Majefty fid fujpeft are confpiring againjl his perfon and government,—[April 18, 1801.]

WHEREAS an a8 was faffed in the loft feffion of parliament, intituled. An Ad for further continuing, umu fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, feveral ads made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of his pre- | lent Majefty’s reign, and in the laft feffion of parliament, for empowering his Majefty to lecure and detain fuch perfons as hit Majefty fhall fufped are confpiring againft his perfon and go- 1 vernment} which a£l was to continue in force until fix weeks after the commencement of the nextfeffion of parliament, and no longer: Jni whereas it is neceffary,for the public fafoty, that the provifiont«/ tlx 1 foid all Jhould be revived and continued: be it therefore enaded by the King’srnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content , of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefeat of parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every perfon, who (hall be in prifon within that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, at or upon the day on which this ad (hall receive his Majefty’s royal aflent, or at any time after that day, by warrant of his faid Ma* jelly's moll honourable privy council, figned by fix of the (aid privy council, or by warrant figned by any of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of Hate, for high treafon, fufpicion of treafon, or treafonable pradices, may be detained in (afe cuftody, without bail or mainprise, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament; and that 00 judge or jultice of the peace fhall bail or try any fuch perfon fo committed, without order from his faid Majefty’s privy council, figned by fix of the faid privy council, until the expirauon of fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithstanding,

II And

Perfons im-prifoncd for high treafon* &c. may be detained till fix weeks after the next ^meeting of parliament.

1801.] Anno regni (juadragefimo primo Georoii III. c. 26. 67 IL And be it further enacted, That the aft made in Scotland\ ‘Ad in Scot-in the year of our Lord one thoufand seven hundred and one, intituled. Aft ail for preventing wrongous imprifonment, and againjl wrongous im-undue delays in trials, in fo far as the fame may be conftrued to prifonment, fo relate to cafes of treafon and fufpicion of treafon, be fufpended far as may re-until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the ^ctr^ next feffion of parliament j and that until the faid day no judge, pCnded tinfnt iuftice of the peace, or other officer of the law in Scotland\ (hall weeks after liberate, try, or admit to bail, any perfon or perfons that is, are, the next or (hall be, in prifon within Scotland, for fuch caufes as aforefaid, noting of without order from his faid Majefty’s privy council, figned by fix p*r ,amcn • of the faid privy council.	weeks after

III.	Provided always. That from and after the expiration of thenextmeet-

fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parlia- ing of parliament, the faid perfons fo committed (hall have the benefit and ment,*perfons advantage of all laws ^nd ftatutes any way relating to or pro- Ja^™lw1be-0 viding for the liberty of the fubjefts of this realm.	ofcalj	"

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this laws provide aft (hall be conftrued to extend to invalidate the ancient rights fag for the li-and privileges in-parliament, or to the imprifonment or detaining

of any member of either houfe of parliament, during the fitting “ f * c# of fuch parliament, until the matter of which he ftands fufpefted pj^Yament be first communicated to the houfe of which he is a member, and „0t invalid the confent of the faid houfe obtained for his commitment or dated by this detainer.	a&-

V.	Provided neverthelefs, That any perftjn or perfons in prifon Perfons

at the time of paffing this a ft, againft whom any bill or bills of againft whom indiftment for high treafon have been already found, (hall and may be tried on fuch indictment^ as if this aft had never a*f aj”aJ paifed. *	.	.	dy (band, to

VI.	And whereas it may’be highly important that fuch perfons as be tried thaw-have been or /hall be fecured and detained on charges of high treafon, on* fufpicion of high treafon, and treafonable praHices, under warrants

from one of his Majeftfs principal fecretaries of ftate, under the authority of the faid recited afisy or of this Jhould be kept wholly feparate and apart from each other, fo as to prevent all communication	\

between them and with other perfons, except fuch communication as his Majefiy may think fit to permit, and under fuch refiriHions as may be aehifeable \ and it has beenfound by experience to be very difficult to keep fuch perfons feparate as aforefaid, and to prevent fuch communication as aforefaid^ without fending fuch perfons to different places of confinement; and doubts may arife bow far the powers of bis Majefifs principal fecretaries of Jiate, to change the places of confinement of perfons Jo committed extends^ and it is expedient to provide that the fame /ball not be fo exercifed as to deprive the perfons Jo committed of any right to be tried or dijeharged, which they might re-fpeflivefy have haefrf their refpeHive places of confinement had not been changed: now, to obviate all doubts -and difficulty in refpeft thereof, be it further eaafted and declared, That it (hall be The fecretary Wul for pne of his M^jefty’s principal fecretaries of date* of ftate may as he (hall fee occafion, to order any perfon committed to any'^o^nTttlSfor gaol, or other prifon, on any charge of high treafon, fufpicion of hightreafon.

Fa	high	&c. to be re*

.68 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii IIL c. 26. [1801.

mo^ed to any high treafon, or treafonable practices, either before or after in-other gaol* didlment found, to be conveyed to and detained in any other gaol or other prifon, until difcharged by due courfe of law, and to iflue all warrants neceflary for fuch purpofes: provided always Perfons fore- neverthelefs, That no perfon who (hall be removed by any fuch moved not to warrant as afordaid, (hall be, by means of fuch removal, deprived ^.c^ePrivedof °f fuch right to be tried or difcharged, as fuch pcrfon would by tried or dif- ^aw ^avc ^een ent,t^e^ t0^ not removed > and in every cafe in charged. " which any fuch perfon would have been entitled to have been tried or difcharged, if fuch perfon had continued in the gaol or prifon to which fuch perfon was before committed, it mall be lawful, for fuch perfon to apply to be bailed or difcharged, in the fame manner as fuch perfon might have done if fuch perfon had remained in the gaol or prifon to which fuch perfon was before committed as aforefaid.

VII.	And whereas, in thedifturhed Jiate ^Ireland, it has ban found neeejfary to fend divers perfons who have been committed to prifon in Ireland, on charges of high treafon, fufpicion of high treafeon} or treafonable practices to Great Britain, for fafe cujlody, and for tbt purpofe of preventing improper intercourse between fuch perfons and Other perfons engaged, or fufpefted of betng engagedin the like tree-f^mTreland fons or treaf9na^e practices; and it may be found expedient to fend to Great Bri- ot^er Perfons to Great Britain, under like circumjlances \ be it tain, for fafe enadted, That every perfon who hath been fent to Great Britain cuftody, may as aforefaid, before the paffing of this aS, and every perfon who, fochetTaceas<n a^er Pa®ng of this a<51, ffiall be fent to Great Britain for his Majefty8 cuftody» by order of the lord lieutenant or governor general, lhaU think fit, or other chief governor or chief governors of Ireland; and of fix provided they or more of his Majefty’s privy council of Ireland, (hall and may ^F^karged be detained in cuftody in Great Britain, in fuch place of fafecuf-treafonf&c. tody, as to his Majefty (hall feem fit; provided fuch perfon (hall by warrant of be charged with high treafon, fufpicion of high treafon, ortrea-a fecretaryof fonable practices, by warrant under the hand and feal of one of *atc>	his Majefty's principal fecretaries of ftate.

Butno perfon VIII. Provided always neverthelefs, That no perfon (hall be 'tainedfo as to^eta*ne<* as a^ore^i(*j as ro prevent the trial or difchargc of prevent his fuch perfon in due courfe of law, whenever fuch perfon (hall, by trial or dif-	the law of Ireland, be entitled to fuch trial or difcharge; but in

charge when aj| cafes in which any perfon fo detained would, by the law of to by the law"	^	*n cuft°<ty there, be entitled to be tried or difcharged,

of Ireland. lt fhall be lawful for fuch perfon to apply to the court of king's bench in England, or to any judge of that court, or to the court of judiciary in Scotland, or to any judge of that court, to be dif-charged and if it (hall appear to fuch court, or to fuch judge, that fuch perfon, if in cuftody in Ireland, would be entitled to be tried or difcharged, it fhal! be lawful for fuch ^urt or filch judge to order fuch perfon to be difcharged, or to be fent to Ireland, to be dealt with according to law.

IX.	And whereas many perfons engaged in the late rebellion in Ireland, and in other treafonable practices there, have fledfrom Ireland, and are now in Great Britain 3 and other perfons may come from

Ireland

j8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georcii III. c.27.	69

Ireland to Great Britain, under the like circumftances; and it may be expedient not only to arreftfuch perfons, for the purpofe of fending them to Ireland, to be tried for fuch offence5, but alfo to feeure and detain fuch perfons in Great Britain until they can be properly fer.t to Ireland, to be tried or difeharged in due tourje of law: be it further ^ftat^mav^ enacted. That it (hall be lawful for one of his Majefty’s principal ordcr perf0ns fecretaries of ftate, by warrant under his hand and Teal, to order in cuftody for any perfon, who fhall be in cuftody upon any charge of high treafon, treafon, fufpicion of high treafon, or treafonable practices, ^one jn Irehml or committed in Ireland, to be fecured and detained in Great Bri- t0 detained tain, until fuch perfon can be properly fent to Ireland, to be tried in Great Bri-or difeharged in due courfe of law.	tom.

X.	Provided always neverthelefs. That no perfon (hall be de- But no perfon ta'incd as aforefaid, foas to prevent the trial or difeharge of fuch *hallbe ^e-perfon in due courfe of law, whenever fuch perfon fhall, by f° law of Ireland, be entitled to fuch trial or difeharge ; but in all trial or dif-cafes in which any perfon fo detained would, by the law of Ire- charge when lank if in cuftody there, be entitled to be tried or difeharged, it entitled there-Ihall be lawful for fuch perfon to apply to the court of king’s Iry^^aw bench in England\ or to any judge of that court, or to the court

of judiciary in Scotland, or to any judge of that court, to be discharged ; and if it (hall appear to fuch court or to fuch judge that fuch perfon, if in cuftody in Ireland^ would be entitled to be tried or difeharged, it (hall be lawful for fuch court or fuch judge to. order fuch perfon to be difeharged, or to be fent to Ireland, to be dealt with according to law.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That this a ft (hall continue Continuance in force until the expiration of fix weeks after the cotnmence- of aft. meat of the next foffion of parliament, and no longer,

CAP. XXVII.

An act for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money for the service of Great Britain, to be railed by a lottery.—[April 30, 1801.]

701,2501. to he raised by a lottery, to condit of 60,000 tickets, at 1 il. 138.

9d. each. All perfons who have made depofits of il. 38. $d. for each ticket, purfuant to the refolution of the houfe of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their fubferiptions at the times following, (viz ) il. 108. by July 10,1801; zl. 10s. by Au$uft 285 il. 109. by Oftober 13 ;

21.102. by December. 18; and the remaining 31.10s by January 1802; and the contributors, for each ill. 13s. gd. advanced, ihall be entitled to fuch (hare upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and thofe that pay contributions before December 17,1801, to be allowed difeount at jL percent, per annum, and to have lottery tickets delivered at ill*

13s. 9<J. each. Caihier to give fecurity, to the fatisfaftion of the com-miffioners of the treafury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commiflioners of the treafury empowered to apply the money paid in by the caihier. 500,0001. the amount of the prizes, to he paid out of any fupplies granted this feflion. Managers and direftors of the lot* tery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books.

Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cafbiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhitrs to return the books, with the undifpofed tickets, with an account of money received and paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exche,-quer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with

T 3	thread

70 Anno regni qnadragefimo ptimo Georoii III. t. 2,7. [i8ot.

thread or filk, and cut off, indent* wife, into a box marked with the letter A, and put into another box, to be locked up and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value pf the fprtunate tickets. Two prizes of 2o,oool. each 5 three of 10.000I.; four of 5,oool.; five of a>oool.; nine oF I,bool.; twelve of 500I.; fifty of tool.} one huridred of 50I. ; eighteen thoufimd of i$l.—io,oool. to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the fifteenth da> 5 20,9001. to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the twenty-firft day; io,oool. to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the thirty-fecond day; and i,oool. to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the fortieth day. Tickets in the outermoft column of laft mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut oft into a box marked with the letter B, &c. Public notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on March 3, iSoz. 'Method to be ob-ferved in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the fums, to be printed. Difyiites to be adjufted by the managers. Forging tick-ets, &c. felony. Offenders (not in prifon) difeovtring perfons guilt y>to receive a pardon, and 50I. reward. Managers to be fworn, Camier may ' receive the fums fubferibed, giving a note tor the fame, which (hall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every nl. 13s. od. paid. Alter July 10, i$oi, the cafhier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the fum actually fubferibed, and (hall give receipts for the refidue of fuch fums, after value of the tickets fo delivered. Contributors not making good their payments, within the times limited, forfeit their depofits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers. &c. CommiffioAers of the treafury may reward the managers, &c. as they (hall think fit. The 500,0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted this feflion; and fh^ll be paid to the proprietors, without any dedu&ion, ' on Auguft 2, 180s, See. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and figned, &c. Commiffioners of the treafury empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this aft. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying, contribution monies, for receipts, on penalty of zol. No perfon to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unlefs employed as a clerk by the managers, or licenfed fo to do. Perfons fo licenfed to receive from the ftamp office numerical books, which fhall be damped on every leaf. Commiffioners to grant fuch licences only on account of licenfed lottery offices. Five pounds penalty on unlicenftcl perfons taking down or publiihing the numbers ot tickets drawn, &c. On complaint, the maerftrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Perrons in the aftual commiffion of fuch offence may be apprehended by any perfon, and carried before a ma-ftrste, who may commit the offender, iF penalty be not paid. 50I* penalty on perfons fummoned as witnefles, not appearing, &c. Com-miffiemers of ftamps (hall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in \	*	lottery	tickets, unlefs it (hall appear that the party is ab*e to anfwer the

penalty required by law, and he fhkll have depofited fifty tickets, &e. Perfons to whom licences are granted to give bond, agreeably to Geo, 3. c. 47. At the end of twelve month* after expiration of licences, tlft commiffioners may give up bonds, or put them in fuit. Licences of perfons neglefting to depofit, or divide into (hares, fifty tickets, to be void; and the defaulters to be published in the Gazette, &c.' In coles where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c« 47. are declared void, in fuch cafes licences granted after the commencement of this aft (hall be void for offences againft this aft, or *7 Geo. 3. c. i> Licences may be refufed 10 perfons convrfted. aol. a day penalty on perfons continuing on their houses the words “ Ltcuifed to deal in Lottery Tickets/* after expiration of their ficenc?, &c. Executors, Sec. may be anthorifed to carry on bali&efs for the relidue of the term of licences. No tickets to be divided into anyother f’vares than halves, quarters, eighth*, and fixteertths, on penalty of 50k Perfons counterfeiting (hares, See. guilty of felony. Perfons preparing, or having in their cuftody* any regifte'r or lift of tickets, but &$ in this aft mentioned; or keeping any place for examining tickets, by any other *	  '	“	■	’	than

J

1801.3 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georg 11 III. c. 28. 71

th/tn fuch 131) Sec. to forfeit 50I. On complaint, on oath, of offences againft 27 Geo. 3. c. t. whereby the parties mat be liable to punilhment as rogues, jnftioes may authorife perfens to break open houles, See.

Perfons difcovered in fuch houles, concerned in carrying on illegal tranf-a&ions, to be punifhed as rogues, and may bearrefted. Sec. Perrons employing'or aiding other* to carry on fuch illegal tranfaftions, to be deemed mgaes and vagabonds. Manner in which aftions for penalties ihall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties fued for is not inferted in in writs, the defendants to be ferved with a copy of the procefs, Sec.

Offenders, adjudged rogues and vagabonds, may be committed* Proceedings not removable by certiorari. General iffue. Treble colts*

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for granting to his Majejly certain duties of cuftoms on timber, fagar, raiftns, and pepper, imported into,' and on lead exported from. Great Britain*—[April 30* 1801.]

Moft gracious Sovereign, '

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the Preamble*.

commons of the united kingdom of^ Great Britain and Ireland^ in parliament aflembled, towards railing the neceflary Applies to defray your Majcity’s public expences, and making a permanent addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral duties of cuftoms after mentioned ; and do moft humbly be-(eech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the first day of May one thoufand After May 1, eight hundred and one, there Ihall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Great Britain, unto his Majefty, his heirs, ^ Grat Bri-and fucceflors, in ready money, without any difeount whatever, tain on im-ftpon the importation into that part of the united kingdom of portation of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, from foreign parts, the goods _ of tlie feveral and refpedive goods, wares, and merchandize, ^Ste^and1 enumerated and deferibed in the fchedule and table hereunto an- ^ on expo*-nexed, marked (A), and alfo upon the exportation from Great tationof the Britain, to foreign parts, of the goods, wares, and merchandize, goodsdeferib-deferibed in the fchedule and table hereunto annexed, marked ^CTeunto^an*-(B), the feveral duties of cuftoms, as the fame are refpe&ively nexed, thead-inferted and fet forth in figures in the faid fchedules and tables ditional duties hereunto annexed, refpeAively marked A. B., andfo in that pro- therein re-portion for any greater or lefler quantity j all which duties Ihall be over and above all other duties which are now due and payable, by law, on any of the faid goods, wares, and merchandize refpeAively.

II.	And be it further ena&ed,That fuch of the duties of cuf- Duties to be toms by this a& impofed, as (hall arife in that part of Great Britain undi r V\t recalled England, (hall be under the management of the commil- thTcomrnif^ fioners of the cuftoms in England, for the time being; and fuch as (hall arife iq that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be cuitoms in .

F4	under

Scotland rc fpe&ively,

3-c. 716. repealed.

An additional drawback of is. iod. per cwt. lhall be allowed on

7x Anno regniquadragefimoprimo Georgii III. c. 28. [1801.

England and under the management of the commiffioners of the cuftoms in

Scotland^ for the time being. t

III.	And whereas it is expedient that the duties on the importation of fugar^ impofed by ap aft pajfed in the thirty* eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, arnngfl other things, for the better proteftion of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties on goods imported^ Jhould be repealed; be it therefore enafted.

Duties on fu- That the faid duties, fo far afc the fame relate to fugar imported, garby^SGeo. (ball be, and the fame ar«j hereby repealed, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof, which may remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture relating thereto, which (hall have been incurred at any time before .the faid first day of May one thoufand. eight hundred and one;

IV.	And be it further enacted, That for all refined fugar called Bajlardj and ground or powdered fugar, ,and refined loaf fugar broke in pieces, and all fugar called Candy* which (hall be made from fugar of the Britijh plantations, which fhall have been im-

exportation of ported into Great Britain after rhe first day of May one thoufand the fugar here- eight hundred and ofte, and on which the duty by this aft im-in delcribedj p0re(j (ball have been paid, there (hall be allowed on exportation to foreign parts, out of the faid united kingdom, of every hundred weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, within the time limited by law, to the exporter thereof, a drawback of one (hilling and ten-pence, and fo in proportion for anji greater or lefs quantity of fuch fugars refpeftively, over and above all other drawbacks or bounties allowed for the farhe by law, on and immediately before the first day of May buz thoufand eight hundred and one.

V.	And be it further enacted, That for all refined fugar in the loaf, the whole being net, which (hall be made from fugar of

«rcwt3(hall Britijh plantations, which (hall have been imported inya Ee^llowed^n Great Britain'after the first day of May one thoufand eight hun-the»exporta- dred and one, and on which the duty impofed by this aft (hall tion of refined have been paid, there (hall be allowed on exportation to foreign k>af^nadeC Parts> out of the faid united kingdom, of every hundred weight from fugar of thereof, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, within the ’ the Britifh x timelimited by law, to the exporter thereof, a drawback of three plantations (hillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of ™P°rtedafter fuch fuga

r, over and above all other drawbacks or bounties al-^ ,l 1’ lowed for the fame by law, on and immediately before the first day of May one thoufand eight hundred and one.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the fevera! duties of cuftoms granted by this aft, and the drawbacks allowed, (hall and may be refpeftively managed, afeertained, raifed,.levied, collefted, anfvyered, paid, recovered, and allowed, in fuch and the like manner, and in and by any and either of the ways, means, or methods, by which the duties of cuftoms impofed, and the drawbacks allowed on the like goods, by an aft paffed in thetwenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, amongft other things, for repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife,

-•	•’	and

and an additional draw-

Duties and drawbacks fhall be paid and allowed according to *7 Geo. 3. c. 11. except where-altered by any fubfe-quentaft.

i8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimopripio Georgii III. c. 28. 73 and granting other duties, in lieu thereof, were or might be managed, afcertained, railed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, re* covered, and allowed, except as far as the fame have been altered by any aft pafled fubfequent to the palling of the faid aft; and the faid goods, wares, or merchandize, fo by this aft refpeftively Goods fub-made chargeable with duties of cuftoms, or entitled to drawbacks jed to the re-on exportation, lhall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjeft v{ded b"*!^0* and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, re- before patting ftriflions, and forfeitures, to which the like goods, wares, or this aft, merchandize, were fubjeft and liable by any aft or acts of parliament in force, on and immediately before the first day of May one thoufand eight hundred and one, and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever, committed againft or in breach of any aft or afts of parliament in force on and immediately before the palling Of this aft, made for securing the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, or relating thereto, and the feveral claufes, powers, and directions therein contained (hall, and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpeftively applied, praftifed, and put in execution, for and in refpeft of the feveral duties of cuftoms, and drawbacks of cuftoms, hereby refpeftively charged and allowed (as far as the fame are applicable thereto) in as full and ample a manner, fo all intents and purpofes whatever, as if'all and every the faid claufes, proviiions, powers, di-fe&ions, fines, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That all monies, from time Duties (hall be to time arifing by the feveral duties by this aft impofed .(the ne- paid into the ceflarycharges of raising and accounting for tlfc fame refpeftively /ameci t0 excepted) (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of theconfoli-his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejiminjler, and the faid money, fo dated fund, paid in as aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Application monies to arife as aforefaid* or fo much thereof as (hall be fuffi- of the duties, cient, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the

purpofe of defraying the incrcafed charge occafioned by any loan made or ftock created by virtue of any aft or afts pafled or to'be palled in this feftion of parliament; and that the faid monies,

' during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, lhall continue to be paid into the faid receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diftinftly and apart from all- other branches of the public revenue; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book/or -books, in which all the monies arifing from .the faid duties, and paid into the-(aid receipt, by virtue of this aft, (hall, together with the monies arifing from any other duties granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpofe of defraying fuch increafed charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon any account whatever.

IX.	And ’

$r4 Aftno regni quadrageftrnoprimo Georgii III. c. 28. [1801.

Aft may be IX. And be it further enacted, That this aft may be varied, ahertd this altered, or repealed, by any aft or afts to be paiTed in this prefeot fefltan of parliament.

table a.

GOODS,IMPORTED.

PePPER having been warehoufed on importation, vtrhen taken out of fuch warchoufe in order

Duty. £. i. i

to be ufed in Great Britain, the lb.	003

RAISINS of all forts, the cwt.	—	0x6

SUGAR, viz* .

■---of tbte produce of the Britijb plantations, the

cwt.	—	—	011a

* ■ ■— fold at the fales of the united company of c merchants df England trading to the Eafl Indies, or. any fugar of the produce or manufaftUre of the Baft Indies, for , every iool. of the true and real value thereof, according, to the grofs price at which fugar {ball have been publicly fbM —	—	30#

*■■■ »>■■■ ■-^ of any other fort, except fugar imported from any part of the united dates of America, and warehoufed, and Tugar of the produce of any foreign colony, ifland, or plantation, in America> imported di-reftly from any fuch foreign colony, ifland, or plantation, and warehoufed under the authority of the 39 Gto. 3. c. 95. the cwt. —	—	0 1 10

*......... any fuch fugar having been fo imported and

warehoufed, when taken out of fuch warehoufe, in order to be ufed in Great Britain, the cwt.	—	oil0

. WOOD imported from any part of Europe, viz.

—;—■ Anchor Stocks.

■ ■	----- imported in a BritifiAsmlt

fhip, the piece	—

——--------in a foreign fliip,

the piece	—

Balks, viz.

under 5 inches fqoare, and under 44 feet in length

o 0 10 0 0 n

WOOD,

i8oi.] Anno regnt quadragefimo primti Georoii III. c. zS. WOOD, continued.	Duty.

■— — ■	Balks, continued.	£. 5. i.

-	— ■ imported in a 2?nf//J-builtlhip, the o 11	9

.--------—	in a foreign (hip, the 120 012 o

------5	inches	fquare,	and^under	8 inches

fquare, or if 24 feet in length or upwards,

imported in a j?n//$-built (hip, the 120 192

*----—in a foreign (hip, the 120	198

*  ........Batten Ends, viz.

—	-----under 8 Feet in length, not above

7 inches, in width, and not exceeding 2 J inches in thick-, nefs,

imported in a Bfiti/bAmilt (hip,. the 120	—	^—	o 4 10

*....in a foreign (hip, the

126	—	050

■■ — - ■ ■ » >« under 8 Feet in length, not above '

7 inches in width, and exceeding 2| inches in thick-nefi,

itaptoted in a Briti/b-built (hip, the 120	—	—	099

■ " "• — in a foreign (hip, the

120	—	o 10 o

Battens, viz.

8 feet in length, and not exceeding 20 feet in length, not above 7 inch, in width, and not exceeding 2| inches in thtcknefs, imported in a BriV/^-built (hip, the

120	—	o	14	8

»» -• in a foreign (hip, the 120 o 15 o -*-*—**■■ exceeding 20 feet in length, not above 7 inches iti width, or if exceeding 2~ inches in thicknefs, imported ia a Britijh-built (hip, the

120	—	—	192

■	* ■ in a foreign lliip, the 120 x 98

Beech Plank, 2 inches in thicknefs, or upwards,

—■— imported m a Brttijb~built (hip, the load, containing 50 cubic feet •	—	040

# ------;--in a foreign (hip, the

load, ccmtaining 50 cubic feet 050 ► Betth Quart&s, viz.

------------ &	under	5	fnches	fquare,	and

under 24 feet in length,

imported in a Briti/h^bwXl

(hip, the 120	—	°	x*9

urnnn

n

y6 Anno rcgni quadragefimo prinio Georgii lit c. 28, [1801.

WOOD, continued,

■ ■—	■	- Beech £>uarterS) continued.

■	- —.......-	- imported in a foreign (hip,

the 120	—

■	■ ■■■■	-----5 inches fquare and under 8

• inches fquare, or if 24. feet in length, or upwards,

» ■ -......  ■	■ imported in a Brittjb-built

(hip, the 120	—	1

in a foreign (hip, the 120	—	1

—---------Boards, viz.

Beech Boards under 2 inches in thick-■ nefs, and under 15 feet in length,

imported in a lBr/7/#-built (hip, the 120	—	o

»■	in	a	foreign	(hip,

the 120

Duty.

£. I

6 12 0

o 10 0

IQO

14

15

19

0

....- under 2 inches in thicknefs,

and if 15 feet in length, or upwards, imported in a Britijb-built

(hip, the 120	—	o	19	4

-   —r in .a foreign (hip,

the 120

■ —-------Clap Boards, not exceeding 5 feet

3 inches in length, and under 8 inches fquare, imported in a Britijb~bu\\t (hip,

the 120	-----

.......—	in	a foreign (hip, the 120

■	■ ■■ —■ Linn Boards, or white boards for

(hoe-makers, under 4 feet in length, and under 6 inches.in thicknefs, imported in a BritiJbA>\i\\t (hip, the 120	—

—	in a foreign (hip, the 120 —— 4 feet in length, or 6 inches in

thicknefs,

> imported in a Britijb-built (hip, the 120 .	—	—

——— in a foreigri (hip, the 120 mmv—mOak Boards, vizrf

> ■■■	under 2 inches in thicknefs, and

under 15 feet in length, * imported in a Britijh-built (hip,the.i20 —

—	--in a foreign (hip, the 120

—“—— under 2 inches in thicknefs,

and if 15 feet in length, or

6

0

upwards.

WOOD,

*Soi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primp GeorgiiIJI. c. 28

WOOD, continued. ”	Duty.

'—r-— Oak Boards, continued.	£. J. d.

------imported in a fir/tyft-built fhip,the 120	1	18	8

—	in a foreign (hip, the 120	2	0	0

Pairing Boards^ viz.

—	hewed on one fide, and not exceeding 7

feet in length, imported in a Britijh-bu\\t thip,the 120	O	I	10

—	in a foreign (hip, the 120	o	2	O

—	hewed on one fide, and exceeding 7 feet

in length,	✓

- imported in a Britijh-b\i\\x. (hip, the 120	038

------in a foreign (hip, the 120	o 4 ©

------Pipe Boards, vizi

above 5 feet 3 inches'in length, and not exceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8 inches fquare, imported in a Britijh~bu\\t (hip, the 120 O il o

------in a foreign (hip, the 120	0112

■----exceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8

inches fquare, imported in a Britijh-bui\t (hip, the 120 I 2 O

*------in a foreign (hip, the 120	^	124

-----— TVainfcot Boards, the inch or foot containing

12 feet in length and 1 inch in thick-nefs, and fo in proportion for any greater or Jefler length or thicknefs, imported in a Britijh-built (hip	O	O	3

---in a foreign (hip	—	003!

—-— Box Wood) imported in a Britijh-bui\t (hip, the.

cwt.	—	— o 19 6*

—— in a foreign (hip, the cwt.	1	O	o

——— Deal EndSy viz

■	- above 7 inches in width, being under 8

feet, in length, and not exceeding 3^ inches in thicknefs, imported in a Britijh-built (hip, the 120	0,9	9

——— in a foreign fliip, the 120	0100

■	—- above 7 inches in width, being under 8	' *

feet in length, and exceeding 3^ inches in thicknefs,

imported in a Britijh-built (hip, the 120	O 19	6

-----in a foreign (hip, the 120	1 o 0

——— Deals, viz.

-----above 7 inches in width, being 8 feet In

length and not above 20 feet in length, and not exceeding 3^ inches in thicknefs /except deals, not above 10 feet in lengtn, and nor exceeding i£ inch in thicknefs)

imported in a Britijh -built (hip, the 120 I 9 3 ——— in a foreign (hip, the 120	si 10 o

WOOD,

78

Anno regn\ quadragefimo primo Georgii 111. c. 28* [1801.

WOOD, continued.	Duty.

■*—— f)ealsy continued.	^ £• *• d.

—— above 7 ipcbc$ in width, being 8 feet in in length and not above 20 feet in length, and exceeding 3^ inches in thicknefs, imported in a Bfitijh-bxsMt (hip, the 120	2 18 6

—- in a foreign ftip, the 120	300

— above 7 inches in width, exceeding 20 feet in length, and not exceeding 4 inches in thicknefs, imported in a Britijh-built (hip, the 120 3	5

----in a foreign (hip, the 120	3	7

. - — above 7 inches in width, exceeding 20 feet in length, and exceeding 4 inches in thicknefs,

imported in a	built	(hip,	the 120	6 11

— in a foreign (hip, the 120	6 14

,. - .... Fire Woody imported in a Britijh-built (hip*

the fathom, 6 feet Wide and 6 feet high o, 1 0 r- in a foreign (hip, the fathom, 6 feet

wide and 6 feet high	o 1 1

——— Fir Quarters, via.

r----under 5 inches fquare, and under 24. feet

/	in	length,

imported in a BritiJh-buWt (hip, the 120 —r in a foreign Chip, the 120 ——5 inches fquare, and under 8 inches fquare, or if 24 feet in length, or upwards, imported in a Britijb-built (hip, the ,120 r—* in a foreign (hip, the 120 '* ■	'■ HandfpikeSy viz.

-----under 7 feet in length,

imported in a Britijh*built (hip, the x20	02

—- in a foreign (hip, the 120	0 2

6

0

0

0

11

12

9

10

—7 feet in length, or upwards,

imported in a 2?r/7/^-built (hip, the 120 o -— in a foreign (hip, the 120	o

- Knees of Oaky vi$&.

—	under 5 indies ftjuare,

imported in a BritiJbfbuAx (hip, the 120 o ■■ ■*■■■' in a foreign (hip, the 120	o

<— 5 inche$ fquare, apd under 8 inches fquare, imported in a BritiJh-buWt (hip, the 120	0

— in a foreign (hip, the 120	o

—— 8 inches fquare, or upwards,

imported in a Britijb*built (hip, the load Containing 50 cubic feet — jn a foreign (hip, the load containing 5p cubic feet

-	Lath Woody viz.

r—? in pieces under 5 feet in length,

10

0

1

1

12

12

o 3

3

4

2

8

—	—	039

WOOD,

i3oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgia III. c. a?. WOOD, continued.	Duty.

o 4 io 050

3

6

Lath Wood, continued.	£. *.

-■ imported in a Briti/h-built (hip, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high —— in a foreign (hip, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high

—— in pieces 5 feet in length or upwards imported in a BritiJh~b\xWt (hip, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high	O 7

—• in a foreign (hip, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high	O 7

Mafts, viz.

—	6 inches in diameter, and under 8 inches, imported in a Britijb~bu\\t (hip, the maft

-	—— in a foreign (hip, the maft

—	— 8 inches in diameter, and under 12 inches,

imported in a Britijh~b\i\\t (hip, the maft — in a foreign (hip, the maft

—	12 inches in diameter, or upwards, imported in a Britijb- builj (hip, the load,

containing 50 cubic feet	038

—— in a foreign (hip, the load containing

50 cubic feet	—	o 3 9

• Oak, viz.

—— Plank, 2 inches in thicknefs, or upwards, imported in a Britijb*built (hip, the load

containing 50 cubic feet —	074

«----in a foreign (hip, the load containing

50 cubic feet	—	—	o

o

o

o

o

5

6

3

6

— Oars, imported in a Brstijh-bwlt (hip, the 120 o 14

6

8

o

------in a foreign (hip, the 12a	o 15

-	Qlroc Wood, imported in a Britijb-built (hip,

the ton, containing 20 cwt. 1 4 2

-----in a foreign Slip, the ton,

containing 20 cwt.	152

-	Round Wood, viz.

—— under 8 inches fquare, and under 6 feet in length,

imported in a Britijb-bw\t (hip, the 120 o

-----in a foreign Slip, the 120	o

—-— under 8 inches fquare, and if $ feet in length, or upwards, imported in a BritiJb~b\iWi (hip, the 120 o —— in a foreign (hip, the 120	O

-	Spars, viz.

-----under 22 feet in length, and under 14 inch.

in diameter, exclufive of the bark, imported in a Briti/h~b\i\h (hip, the 120 O —— in a foreign Slip, the 120	O

—- 22 feet in length, or upwards, and under 4 inches in diameter, exclufive of the • Wrk,	WOOD,

9

10

10

o

8

o

5

6

8o Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 28. [180.1.

WOOD, continued.

-------Spars, continued.

-----imported in a Britijb-bviilt (hip, the 120

-----in a foreign (hip, the 120	—	O

— 4 inches in diameter, and under 6 inches, exclufive of the bark, imported ima	built	(hip,	the	120 O

-----in a foreign (hip, the 120	o

—«— Spokes for wheels, viz.

■	■ — not exceeding 2 feet in length,

imported in a Britijh b\i\\t (hip, the 1000	—	—	o

—— in'a foreign (hip, the 1000	o

exceeding 2 feet in length, imported in a Britijb-b\\\\t (hip, the 1000	—	—	O

— in a foreign (hip, the icoo	o

——— Staves, viz.

-----not exceeding 36 inches in length, not

above 3 inches in thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, imported in a Briti/b-built (hip, the 120 O —— in a foreign (hip, the 120	O

—— above 36 inches in length, and not exceeding 50 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, imported in a BritiJb-buWt (hip, the 120 o —— in a foreign (hip, the 120	o

—	above 50 inches in length, and not exceed- *

ing 60 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, imported in a Britifh-built (hip, the 120 o ■	■—	in	a	foreign (hip, the 120	o

—— above 60 inches in length, and not exceeding 72 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, imported in a BritiJh-bvWt (hip, the 120 \ o - ■■■ » in a foreign (hip, th$ 120	o

-	— v^bove 72 inches in length, not above 3

inches in thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, imported in a Britijh-built (hip, the 120 o

-----in a foreign (hip, the 120	0

-------Timber, viz.

Fir Timber, viz

Duty.

I. s. d o 4 c 042

8

9

14

*5

2

3

3

4

10

4

3

6

6

Q

6

7

11

0

10

o

5

6

6

6

-----8 inches fquare, or upwards (except fir

timber of'the growth of Norway^ imported dire&Iy from thence, not exceeding 10 inches fquare)	WOOD,

1

i8oi.] Anno regni quadrigefimo primo Georgii TIL c. 29.	81

WOOD,—Timber, continued.	Duty.

■	■ Fir Timber, continued.	£• s; dt

-----imported in a Britifthbxxilt (hip, the load

containing 50 cubic feet	038

- in a foreign (hip, the load containing 50 cubic feet	—	039

———• Oak Timber, 8 inches fquare, or upwards,*

-----imported in a Brttijb-built (hip, the load

containing 50 cubic feet	038

*— in a fdreign (hip, the load containing

50 cubic feet	—	o	3	9

—— of all forts, not being particularly enumerated or defcribed* or otherwise charged with duty, being 8 inches fquare or upwards, imported in a Britijb-built (hip, the load

containing 50 cubic feet — q 3 8

......in a foreign (hip, the load containing

50 cubic feet	a.	0	3	9

■	■■■■ Ufers, via.

—under 5 inches fquare, and under 24 feet in length, imparted in a Briti/h- built (hip, the 120	on	9

— in a foreign (hip, the 120	—	o	12	o

—— 5 inches fquare, and under 8 inches fquare, or if 24 feet in length, or upwards,

imported in a Britijh-bu\\t (hip, the 120	193

----in a foreign (hip, the 120	—	1 10 o

------Wmnfcot Logs, being 8 inches fquare, or up-

.	wards,

*■—■■■■	imported in a Britijb*built (hip, the

load containing 50 cubic feet 038 —— in a foreign (hip, the load containing 50 cubic feet	—	0 3 9

T A B L E B.

GpODS EXPORTED.

LEAD exported, the ton containing twenty hundred

weight	-*	—	r	o	0

C A V. XXIX.

in ad for granting an additional duty.on Englifh fpiriti imported into Scotland, and for allowing, until forty days after the com-mmement of the next fifpon of parliament, the defoliation of fiirits in Scotland, from melajfes or fugar, at a lower rate of dot}.—[April 30, 1801.1

Vox,, XLII1.	G	WHEREAS

lty fh: paid of is. per gallon.

The duty ihall be levied

Sa Anno regm quadragefin»primo Gxbaou III. c. 29* [xflei.

Preamble. TT7HEREAS in order to render the duff on EngliQx fpirits VV imported into Scotland more equal to, the duty m Jpirits made in that part of the kingdom, it is expedient to isnpofo an addi-tionai duty on the former: may it therefore pkafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons, in this prefer** par-For fpirits not lament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this a6t, there (hall be raifed, hydrometer levied, colleAed* and paid, unto his Majefty, his heir9 and

Sroof, which focceflors, the following additional rate of duty*t>f excife; that iall be diftill- js t0 fayt fog and. ypon every, gallon Euglijb wine ineafure of and^mported fp*r*ts> °f a length, not exceeding that of one to ten over into Scotland, hydrometer proof, and fo in proportion for any higher degree an additional of ftrength, which (hall be made or diftilled in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland\ there (hall be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof* one (hilling.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That the dusty by this.aA im-in^em^nnerP0^ be raifed, collected, recovered, feeured, and paid* preferibed by ln fech manner, and by (ttch ways and means* and under fuch 59 and 40 management, and under and fubjedt to fuch rales, regulations. Geo. 3.c. 73} conditions, penalties, and forfeitures, and with foch power of , adjudging and mitigatiitg penalties and forfeitures, and with and fubjeefc to fuck powers, and to the like rules and directions, and by fuch raotbods, and in fuch manner and form, as is directed or preferibed by an a& palled in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefeat Majefty, intituled. An all for repealing the duties of exeije on di/tillenies in Scotland, and on the exportation of BntiQ^made fpirits from England to- Scotland, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof \ and for altering, amending, and continuing certain alls of parliament for the regulation of dijlilleries in Scotland; and that all the provifions, penalties, fafeituies, powers, authorities, rules, and directions, mentioned and contained in the faid a&, (hall be pra&ifed and put in execution, for the raifing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecurino;, or paying the &d duty by this a& impofed, as fully and effe&ually, to all intents and purjfofes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and ena&ed in this a&. and Ihall be HI. And be it further enaAed, That all the monies arifing ex’h-qa^r, C by the duty by this act impofed (the aeceflkry charges of raising and earned to and accounting for the feme excepted) fhali from time to time the confoli* he paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at lVefl~ minjler, and the faid money fo paid into the food receipt of exchequer as aforefaid (ball be carried t,a and made part of the confolidated fund.

IV.	Akd whereas it is expedient to further aUew, for a Unutti titne, the difillation of jpirits in Scotland, from melajjes me fsgar, at a reduced raft of duty ; be it therefore cna&ed. That* from and after the first day of July one thoufeiui eight hundaed' and

u^thecuai-oliC* unti* f°rtX days ^lcr commencement or the neat* feffien

of

dated fund.

From Julv r, 1S01, until

Anno regal quadrageflmo primo Gsorgii IIL c.30. 8j ef parliament, there (hall be railed* levied, collefted, and paid, mencemtntof nnco his Majefty, his heir9 and fodotflbrs, for and upon each J.he ne*t and every gallon EngKJh wine meafafe (add fo in proportion for }{^f be paid any Iefs quantity or meafore) of the cubical content or capacity for each gal- ' of each and every ftill, (including tho head and every part Ion of the thereof and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus there-with coitnefted, under whatever name or denomination theJ-jj & me may be called or known, as high as the fteam can afeend, Scotland for *. and until' Che top of the head (hall turn downwards, and form diftillinafpi-an angle of forty-five degrees), wbibh (hall be ufed or employed nts for home for making or diftilling of low wines or fpirits for confumption fronTmeUffes in Scotland^ from melaffes or fugar, or any mixture therewith, or fu^ar, &c. in any part or place in Scotland) a fum at and after the yearly 3*61. per an-rate of three hundred and fixteen pounds; any thing in any aftnum* or aft* of parliament to the Contrary in anyways notwith-ftandrng.

V- And be k further enacted, That, from and after the faid which fhall be firtt day of July one thoufartd eight hundred and one, until forty-* licence duty days after the cqpmenCetaent of the next feffiorr of parliament, ^the ritVof when the before mentioned licence duty, at and after the yearly 4,050 gallons rate or three hundred arid fixteen pounds, {half be paid for or of fpirits of upon each gallon of the content or capacity of a ftill, in anythe ftrength part or place in Scotland\ fuch duty (hall be held to be the owhydro^ licence duty on the fpirits manufactured in fuch {till for and meter proof during one year from and after the day on Which fuch licence for each gal-Ihatl commence and take effect, at the rate of four thoufand l°n °f and fifty gallons, and no more, Englijh wine meafure of fpirits, of the ftrength of one fo ten over hydrometer proof, for each	*

gallon content of fuch ftill; and for every gallon of fpirits at and for the . the ftrength aforefarid, which during *the faid period ftiall be fpi4^8 . found to exceed the above mentioned proportion, there (hall be charged and paid, on demand, by the diftiller who {hall make additional or produce'the fame, the fum of three (hillings, over and above duty (haflber all other duties, on pain of forfeiting for every negleft or refufal paid of 38, per to make fuch payment, the fum of ten (hillings for each and °"# every gallon of fuch furplu9 fpirits,	Fcna

CAP. XXX.

Art dft to revive and continue, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next fiffiott of parRamenty an aft, made in the thirty sixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy^ intituled, An* aft for the more efteftually preventing feditious meetings and aflemblies.—[April 36, 1801.]

WHEREAS an aft was made in the thirty sixth year of the Preamble.

reign ef his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act for the more 36 Geo 3* efteftually preventing feditious meetings and aflemblies, which Ca 8* faid aft was to centitfca in force for three years from the day of puffing thereof^ otuf until the end of tho then next fiffim of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the faid aft jhould be revived andctotfcmdr best therefore errafted by the King’s moft excel-

c 2	lent

<

&4 Anno regniquadragefimoprimoGEORGii III.c.31,31. [1801-

The recited lent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords a& (hall be Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-continued>ivi mcnt Ambled, and by the authority of the fame. That the force until fix faid a£t, and all the provilions therein contained, ihalL from, weeks after and after the paffing of this adl, be revived, and the lame is the coin- hereby revived, and (hall continue in full force and'effedt until the^rt^f01 wee^s aftcr the commencement of the next of parliament, fion.	11.	And	be it enadted. That none of the provifions of the faid

Not to extend recited adt (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to that part to Ireland. of the united kingdom#called Ireland\	'

CAP. XXXI.

An all to revive and continue, until the fifth day of July one thou-Jand eight hundred and one, an a&y made in the laft fejfton of parliament, intituled, An ad for fhortfcning, until the twenty* fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, the time of keeping in deep, for malting, barley damaged by rain in the laft harveft.—[April 30, 1801.]

Preamble.	TT 7 HERE AS an afi was made in the lajl fejfion of parliament,

C. 6. of laft YY* Intituled, An adt for (hortening, until the twenty-fifth lemon. day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, the time of keeping in deep, for malting, barley damaged by rain in the late harveft: and whereas the faid aQ has been found ufeful and bentficialy and it is expedient that the fame Jhould be revived and continued for a limited time: be it therefore enacted' by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent Recited a& parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That ^vedband"	^ a<^ fr°m arK* immediately after the twenty-fifth

continued till day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, be revived Ju]yi»x8oz. and continued, and the fame is hereby revived, and (hall continue in full force and effeft, from and immediately after the faid twenty-fifth day of March until the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XXXII.

An all for granting to his Majejly feveral fums of money for de~ fraying the charge of certain permanent fervices in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland.—[Apiil 30, 1801.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. "CTTE, your Majelty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje£b, the VV commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament aflembled, being deftrous of making a permanent provifion for the feveral fervices herein-after mentioned, have freely and voluntarily refolved. to give and grant to your Majefty, the feveral fums of money herein*after exprefled; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it .may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent ma-

jeft/.

iffoi.j Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. e. 32. 85 jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may The treafuty be lawful to and for the lord high treasurer and under treafurer	fa

of die exchequer, or the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, [he puipofes of that part of the united kingdom called Inland, now or for the herein expref-time being, or any three or more of them, from time to time, fcd» not {x-by warrant or warrants under his or their hands, to order and	^

direfl any fum or fums of money not exceeding in one year, the fums hcrein-aftcr mentioned, to be iflued and paid for the after men-feveral purpoles hercin-after exprefled; that is to fay,	tioned, vis.

ENGLISH.

To the French conformift minifter £, i, d. of the united congregation at Saint PitriiPs Dublin •	-	138	0	3

To the French minifter at Cork	92	o	2

To the French minifter at Liflurn 55 7 Si To the French minifter at Dundalk 55 7 * 8i To the French minifter at lnnt~ -fiannon	••	-	SS	7	8t

To the French minifter at Waterford 46 3 1 To the French minifter at Portar-• lington.	-	-	46	3	1

To the minifter of the congregation of German proteftants in Dublin	46	3	1

To the ordinary or chaplain to the new prifon in Dublin for vifiting the tick prisoners in the feveral prifons in Dublin -	-	-	18	9	3

To the re&or of the parifh of Saint Paul in Dublin for attending the lick in the barracks of Dublin -	73	5	af

To the chaplain attending the prifoners in the four courts marlhalfea ' in Dublin -	-	-	48	16	10

To the chaplain of the garrifon of Cbarlement -	-	39	1	6

To the under library keeper of Mar jit $ library at Satnt Patricks Dublin -	-	-	27	13	iQi

I To the vicar of Cqftlenock9 in lieu of I tithe and glebe land in the Phoenix

Park new Dublin . -	-	46	16	11.

I To the? minifter of Saint James9s

panto Dublin for the like purpofe 11 x 6 To the vicar of Saint Andrew91 panto in Dublin, in lieu of minifter’s money for houses and grounds where (he parliament houfe ftands -	37	17	6

IRISH. £• *•

150 o o 160 o o 60 o o 60 o o

60 o o 50 o o

50 o o

SO o Q

20 O o

79 7 3i

52 18 it 42 6 7

30 0 o

50 1 s o 12 0 o

4* o 7»

03

To

I

\

$$ Aanp rqgtf quadragefimo priroo Georgii III. c.

RN QWH.

To the redtor of Saint Micban's £, f, d. par.ilb Dublin for minifter’s money for hoiifcs where the courts of juftice are built - •	-	-	9	10	3

To the arehbifeop of Dublin for proxiesout of divers churches belonging to the late monafierifs of Saint Thomas* Saint Mary* Saint John ofjerufaltm* in the fee of Dublin 16 17 4 To the biffiop of Month out of the manor of Trim -	-	3	9	2

To the dean and chapter and vicars Chora] of Chrijl Church Dublin -	43	*3	10

To the phyiician attending the ftck in the new prifoe Dublin :	-	18412	3?

To the local comoufltoners of the Logan navigation* in lieu of a duty on beer and ale formerly granted to them in certain parts of the diftridt of Lffbum -	-	-	768	a	o

To be applied.to pay major general VaUancey, after the rate of fifteen fljil* lings per days during the time he (hall be employed in the military furvey of Ireland -	•	260	10	it

To the clerk, ether, and afiiftants in the council office in Dublin to make good their loft of emolument «	333	7	lof

To the lord mayor and citizens of Dublin	-	*	-	738	9	3

To the provoft and fellows qf Trinity College Dublin -	-	358	16	11

To the faid provoft and fellows for * the profeflor of the French and German language* in the faid college	-	92 6	2

To the faid provoft and fellows for the prpfeffor qf the SpartfA and Italian languages in the faid college	-*	92* "6	2

lo the royal Irijh academy for rfent ofanhoufe	107	13	6

To the attendant on the nautical obfervatory -	,.	. .	481610

For rent of grounds near Carrick* fergus caftle	-	*	14	18

To be applied in paying the neepf. 1 f fary allowanqes to certain officers -from Ireland attending during the*, fdlion of parliament in Loudon, and . to fuph other officers' as may be em- .	.

i%, [1801, ijiish.

10. 6 2 18 5 6

a >5 0

47	6'	8

200 6 O

832 o o

282 4 3t 36* 3 #

800 Q 0

388 15 Q

IOQ O O IOO O O

116 13 O 32 18 2i> 16 3 6

ployed

xSoi.] Anno regtii quadragefimo prime Georg*! III. c* 33.

ENGLISH.

ployed in preparing proceedings, and £. s* d. attending to bufineft in parliament relating to Inland -	.	-	2,000	o	o

tm*H.

£. J. dm

*>166 13 4

87

II.	And be it ena&ed, That the faid feveral fums (hall and Th*

may be ifiuing and payable out ot, and charged and chargeable p“7a\volitof upon, the consolidated fund of that part of the united kingdom the conioli. called Inland, after paying, or referring fuflkientto pay, all dated fond of fucb fvm and fums of money as hath or have been direded to Ireland) be paid out of the fame, by any former aGt or adis of parlia* meat, but with preference to all other payments which (hall or may be hereafter charged or chargeable upon die (aid fund.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid (pveral and am! the an-refpe&vc fums, or any pert or parts thereof, (hall he paid and ditorofth* payable at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer out of the faid

/itAd, purfuant to fuch warrant or warrants as (hall be figned in bentures for

that tehalf; and the auditor of the faid receipt (hall, and he is payment.

hereby enjoined and required to make forth and pafs debentures

from time to time, for paying the feveral fufos, which (hall be

payable by virtue of fuch warrant or warrants, and as the fame

(ball from time to time become due and payable, according to

the true intent and meaning of this a&$ which faid warrants,

and debentures to be made forth and palled thereupon refpec-

tively, (ball be fuflkient authority to the feveral and refpedive

officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time

being, for the payment of all or any of the fums of money

herein expreiled, or any part thereof, to, for, or towards, the

feveral purpofes herein mentioned, without any further or other

warrant or warrants to be fued for, had, or obtained In that

behalf; and the acquittance or acquittances* receipt or receipts

of the perfon or perfons, to whom the faid fums of money, or

any part thereof, (ball be payable, (hall be a good and fuffictent

difcharge for the payment thereof; any'law, cuftom, or ufege »

to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An all for repealing certain duties upon tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for granting, additional duties on fugqr and coals imported into Ireland.—

[April 30, 1801.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the Preamble.

commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament affembled, being delirous of railing the  necessary Applies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences in Ireland, and of making a permanent addition to the publick revenue in that part of the united kingdom, have refolved, that the dudes on teas imported into Ireland^ tfhich were granted by

04	*	an

83 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Geoiqii III. c. 33. [i8ot,

an a& of the parliament of Inland in the fortieth year of your parliament of Majefty's reign, intituled, jh aB for granting for one year, tie Ireland, 40 feveral duties theretn mentioned,\ tn lieu of ail other duties payable upon Geo. 3. and the articles therein fpecifiedy during the Jaid term ; and for regulating aft of the fa trade between this kingdom and bis Majejifs colonies; and for the unUed°f otber purpofet therein mentioned; and which were continued by an kingdom, 41 of the parliament of the united kingdom until and upon the Geo. 3. c. 17. twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two; recited, fhould be repealed, and the duties on teas, berein-after mentioned, (houid be granted in lieu, thereof; and do therefore beiecch your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with die advice and confent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal, and commons, in this prefent*parliament aflembled, and by die authority of the Duties on fame. That the duties on teas imported into Ireland,, granted aiM* cont^nue^ hY faid recited adts, (hall, from and after the land, granted expiration of ten days after the palling of this ad* be, and the and continued fame are hereby repealed, fave and except in all cafes relating bjrredtedj to the recovering, collecting, paying, or accounting for any aps, repealed. arrears of the faid duties which may then have become payable, or to the recovering of any penalty or forfeiture which (ball then have been incurred under and by virtue of the laid recited adts, or either of them.

After 10 days JJ. And be it enadied, That, from and after the expiration thisa&* theretcn days from the palling of this a&, there*(hall be granted, (hall be paid raifed, colledted, and paid, unto his Majefty, for and upon all upon teas	teas which from and after the faid ten days (hall be imported

imported into ;nto Ireland, the duties following; that is.to fay. For and upon all fuch teas as (hall have been purchafed at any fale or fates of the Ecfft India company in London, at a price not exceeding two (hillings and fixpencejSr/fy® per pound weight, a duty of twenty pounds per centum on fuch price; and for and upon all fuch teas as (hall have been purchafed as aforefaid, at a price exceeding two (hillings and fixpfcnce Britijb per pound weight, a duty of thirty-five pounds per centum on fuch price.

...	111.	And	be	it	enadted,	That	the	price	aforefaid	of all teas

th inlcl?cd *n imported into Ireland (hall be inferted in the cockets, and (ball and afterfur*cr afeertained by reference to the fale books of the East tamed by the Mia company, according to the manner heretofore eftablifbed in Irefand for that pufpofe,

IV.	And be it enadted, That, from and after the time aforefaid, there (hall be granted, raifed, collected, and paid, unto his Majefty, for and upon all Mufcovado and clayed fugar which (hall be imported into Ireland,, an additional'duty of two (hillings for every hundred weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve fugars^herein pounds; and for and upon all refined fugars of the manufacture CCritedinto?f Great Britain, which (ball be imported diredUy from thence into Ireland, the fcyeral and refpedtive additional duties following; that is to fay.

For and upon all fugar ce&ki Baftards% \yhite pr ground, an ♦	pcjdition^

chafed at the East Indii tales in Lon-don, a .duty ad valor epi.

The price to

by t (ale books. From the fame time there (hall be paid certain additional duties qn

npoii Ireland.

iSoi.] Anno regni quadragefitno primo Georgii III. c* 33. 89

additional duty of two (hillings for every hundred weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve pounds:

For and upon all fugar called Lumps% an additional duty of three (billings and nine-pence for every hundred weight thereof containing one hundred and twelve pounds:

For and upon all fugar called Single Loaf Sugar, an additional duty of four (hillings for every hundred weight thereof, contain-ing one hundred and twelve pounds:

For and upon all fugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf Sugar% an additional duty of four (hillings and three-pence halfpenny for every hundred weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve pounds;

For and upon all fugar called $ugar Candy brawn9 an additional duty of three (hillings and nine-pence for every hundred weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve pounds:

For and upon all fugar called Sugar Candy wbite9 an additional duty of four (hillings and three-pence halfpenny for every hundred weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve pounds:

And for and upon ail fugar refined of any other fort, an additional duty of four (hillings and three-pence halfpenny for every hundred weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve pounds: '

And fo in proportion for any greater or left quantity of the faid fugars;

And for and upon all Britijb coals which (hall be imported Addition*! into Ireland, an additional duty after the rate of ten-pence and dudes fourteen-twentieth parts of one penny for every ton thereof, hn^rtedfoto containing twenty hundred weight.	Ireland.

i

V.	And be it ena&ed. That the feveral additional duties Doties to be hereby granted (hali be prfid over and above the feveral refpe&ive

duties now payable on the feveral articles and things on which

the faid additional duties are granted; and all the faid duties payable, and

(hall be paid according to the value of current money in Ireland\ according to

VI.	And be it enaded, That upon the exportation from Ireland of the feveral articles and things on which the duties and ® rc * additional duties hereby granted are impoled, a drawback of fuch

duties refpe&ively (hall be allowed in like manner as a drawback back of the* of the duties now payable on the faid articles and things refpec- duties (ball be tivcly Is allowed.	allowed as of

VII.	And be it enabled. That the feveral duties hereby granted (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, in the like Dut^g ^ manner, and under fuch powers and authorities, and by .fuch raifed, &c. ways, means, and methods, and according to fuch rules and according to dire&ions as are appointed and exprefied in and by the faid first the first red* recited adt for railing, levying, collecting, and paying the feveral

duties thereby grantedr

VIII.	And be it en^ded, That all monies ariling from the Duties to be

duties hereby granted, (the nedefiary charges of collecting and can^?.t^*** paying the fame being deducted), (hall be carried to and madjp Ise-)?art of t)ie confolidatpd fund of Ireland^	land.

And

Fretmble.

Bounties ihall be paid on foreign wheat, &e.

90 Anno regni qnadragcfinjo primo Georgii IlL c. 34. [1801. Aft maybe	-IX.. And be it enabled, That this a£t may be varied, altered,

pral^tlds^* amen^e(^> or repealed, in this prefent fcifion of parliament..

MOO,

CAP. XXXIV.

jfn eft for granting bounties on the. importation into Ireland of wheat, barley, rye, oats, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, eats, indian meal, and wbeaten flour and rice,—[April 30, 1801. J

WHEREAS it is expedient that encouragement Jbould be given, for a limited time, to the importation into Ireland of wheat, barley, rye, and oats, and indian corn, and of barley, rye, oats, and indian meal, and of wbeaten flour and rice: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty' that it may be ena&ed; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the paffing of this a£t, there (hall be paid and allowed upon all foreign wheat, barley, rye, oats, and indian corn, and meal of any fuch corn or grain, and upon i?to aH wheaten flour and rice, imported or brought into Ireland before the first day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and 9	*	one, in (hips or velTels of the united kingdom, or in (hips or

veffels belonging to perfons of any kjggdom or ftate in amity with his Majefty, however the fame may be navigated, the fcveral and refpe&ive bounties hereinafter mentioned, and fuch bounties (hall be payable and paid upon the feveral terms and conditions herein-after refpe&ively fet forth as to each of fuch articles.

II.	And be it enaded. That the feveral and refpective boun~ ties granted by this ad upon wheat, barley, rye, and oats, refpedively, (hall be regulated and paid according to the refpec-tive general average prices, afeertained according to law, which (hall be publiihed in the Dublin Gazette in the third week after the entry of the wheat, barley, rye, and oats, or any fuch meal as aforefaid, upon which any bounty (hall «be claimed under this a<ft.

III.	And be it enacted. That, from and after the paffing of this ad, there (hall be paid and allowed on every quarter of foreign wheat, weighing four hundred and twenty-four pounds weight avoirdupois or upwards, which (hall be imported into Ireland, a bounty equal to the fum by which thefaid average price of wheat, publifhed in the Dublin Gazette in the third Wedk after the importation of fuch wheat, (hail be lefs than one hundred (hillings Britijb currency per quarter; on every quarter of foreign barley, weighing three hundred and fifty-two pounds weight avoirdupois or upwards, which (ball be imported as . aforefaid, a bounty equal to the fum by which the average price of barley in Dublin, publifhed as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than fifty-two (hillings Britijb currency per quarter; on every quarter ^foreign rye,* weighing four hundred and eight pounds weight avoirdupois, which (hall be imported as aforefaid, a bounty

equal

Bounties to be regulated according to the average PfkflMnthc Dublin Gazette, the third week after entry of the articles. -Bounties on. wheat, ferity, rye, and

I Soi . j Anno regni quadragefimo primo Geqrgii IIL c. 34. 9s

equal to the fum by which the average price 6f rye, pub* lifted as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than fixty-five (hillings Bri-iijh currency per quarter; on every quarter of foreign oats, weighing two hundred and fixty-four pounds weight avoirdupois or upwards, which (hail be imported as aforefaid, a bounty equal to the fum by which the average price of oats, publilhed as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than forty (hillings Brittjb currency per quarter.

IV.	And be it enabled, That, from and after the paffing of Bounties on this a£t, there (hall be paid and allowed upon all foreign wheaten SSert AmS flour, (other than and except American flour), and upon all ncan) barley" foreign barley meal, rye meal, and oat meal, imported as afore- meal, rye faid, fuch and the like bounties in every refpedt as are by this meal* *”d a£t before granted on foreign wheat, barley, rye, and oab031 refpedively; and that for the purpofe of afcCrtaining and efti-mating fuch bounties, two hundred and eighty pounds weight avoirdupois of all foreign flour, upon which any bounty is pay* able under -this ad, (other than and except American flour as aforefaid), {hall be deemed equal to one quarter of wheat, and one hundred and ninety-fix pounds weight avoirdupois of fuch barley meal (hall be deemed equal to one quarter of barley, and two hundred and twenty-four pounds weight avoirdupois of fuch rye meal (hall be deemed equal to one quarter of rye, and one hundred and feventy-fix pounds weight avoirdupois of oat meal (hall be deemed equal to one'quarter of oats.	allowS	**

V.	And be it enafted. That no perfon (hall be entitled to any unUfs the ar-bounty allowed by this ad on any corn, grain, meal, flour, or tides are im-rice, unlefs the fame (hall be imported or brought into fame ported where. port where there is a colledor of cuftoms, or into any other

port that (hall be approved of by the lord lieutenant dr other fome J>ort ap. chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, with proved of by the advice of his Majefty’s privy council of Ireland*	*hc lord

VI. And be it ena&ed, That the regifter of corn returns in hcutc,1Mt# Dublin (hall keep in a book the entries of all returns of corn or

grain that (hall have been returned certifiedfor the purpofe of boun-bounties being paid thereon under this ad, from all other corn ty to be en-returned t<6 fuch regifter.	teredfeparate.

VII.	And be it enaded, That in all cafes where any wheatcri Bounty on flour imported into Ireland from America before the first day of j"***^^?0* Qftoher one thoufand eight hundred and'one, being4 of the ufual

quality of fuperfine wheaten flour, (hall not, upon the first foie ^ca.

thereof in Ireland, either by audion or otherwife, as the lord

lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of Ireland

for the time being, (hall dired, produce the ium. of feventy

(hillings Bricifh currency per barrel, containing one hundred

and ninety*fix pounds weight avoirdupois, there (hall be paid

and allowed, upon every fuch barrel, a bounty equal to the fuoi * * * ' %

by which the aduai price of each barrel of fuch floUr fo fold

(hall be left than Seventy, firiOmgs Britifb currency, and fo .

in proportion for any greater oriels quantity 4 and where any .

fuch wheaten flour as aforefaid, being of the quality of fine

wheaten

Bounty on Indian porn*

Bounty on rice imported from America.

92 Anno regni qnadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 34. [1801.

wbeaten flour, (hall not, in fuch fale as aforefaid, produce the (urn of fixty-eight {hillings Britijh currency per barrel as afore-bid, there {hall be paid and allowed, upon every fuch barrel, a • bounty equal to the fum by which the a&ual price of each barret of fuch flour fo fold {hall be lefs'than fixty-eight (hillings Britijh currency, and io in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

VIII.	And be it enadfed, That.in all cafes where any Indian Com or maize, weighing four hundred and eight pounds weight avoirdupois per quarter, (hall not, upon the first fale thereof in Ireland, by publick audion or orherwife as aforefaid, produce the fum of fifty-five (hillings Britijh currency per barrel* there {bill be paid and allowed, upon every fuch barrel, a fum equal to the fum by which the adual price of each barrel of fuch Indian corn or maize fo fold (hall be lefs than fifty-five (hillings Britijh currency: provided always, That three hundred and forty-four pounds weight avoirdupois of indian meal {hall be deemed equal to one quarter of indian corn or maize.

IX.	And be it ena&ed, That in all cafes where any rice imported into Ireland from America before tbe first day of October one thoufand eight hundred, and one, (hill not, upon the first fale thereof in Ireland, by publick audion or otherwife as aforefaid, produce the fum of thirty-five {hillings Britijh currency per hundred weight, there (ball be paid and allowed, upon every hundred weight thereof, a bounty equal to the (urn by whicn the adual price of each hundred weight of fuch rice fo fold (hall

. be lefs than thirty-five (hillings Britijh currency.

Bounty on. X. And be it enaded, That in all cafes where any rice im-?r^7hPe°l£ft P°r,ed 'oto Irt}an*' in any (hip which (hall have cleared out Indies. C * from any port in the Eqjl Indies before the first day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one, (hall not, upon the fiift fale thereof in Ireland,, by publick audion or otherwife as afore-faid, made purfuant to the regulations of this ad, produce the *	fum of thirty^five (hillings Britijh currency per hundred weight,

,	there (hall be paid and allowed, upon every one hundred weight

.'	of fuch rice,' a bounty equal to the fum by which the adual

price of each hundrea weight of fuch rice fo fold (hall be left than thirty-five (hillings.

No bounty to XI. And be it enaded, That no bounty (hall be paid 'or pay-A	*klc /under thi9 ad, on any American wheaten flour, or on any

wheaten flour, r*ce or indian corn or meal, unlcfs the fame (hall be fold in Ireland^ purfuant to the directions of this ad, within two months after the entry thereof at the port of importation, unlefs longer time, under particular circumftances, be allowed by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland\ and his Majefty'y privy council of Ireland, for the time bring.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That all American wheaten flour, and all rice, indian corn and maize, fold at any publick audion in IreUmdy (hall be exempted from any duty payable on fales by audion.

.	.	. .OT, An4

&c unlefs fold within a limited time, &c.

American

wheaten

flour,

exempt from auction duty.

v

J

1801.] Anno regfti quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 34.	93

XIII.	And be it ena£ted, That the importer or importers. Importers on or perfon or perfons ailing in his, her, or their behalf, upon ^heaten flour the importation of any fuch wheaten flour and rice refpeltively,

iha!l, within forty-two days after the importation thereof, give publick notice or caufe to be given, notice by publick advertifement, fourteen of Tales, and days at the lead previous to t$e day of fale of fuch wheaten like notice to flour and rice refpedively, fpecifying the time and place of fale, and the quantity intended to be fold, and (hall alfo give or caufe cuftoms, &c.; 1 to be given a fimilar notice in writing, fourteen days at the lead and the lord previous to the day of fale of fuch wheaten flour and rice refpec- lieutenant lively, to the commifiioners of the cuftoms, if in Dublin, or ^ not in Dublin, to the colle&or pf the port into which the fame attendee cer-fhall have been imported; and the lord lieutenant or other chief tify the governor or governors of Irelandt for the time being, (hall ap- prices, flee, point fome officer or other perfon to attend fuch fale, in order that fuch officer or other perfon may certify to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, and to the fa'id commifiioners or colledlor, the prices at which fuch wheaten flour and rice refpedivcly (hall be bona fide pubiickly fold, and the quantities thereof,- together with the (late and condition of the whole, according to the certificate of the perfons who (hall be appointed to infped the fame under the authority of this a

XIV.	Provided always, and be it eqalied, That before any Perfons claim* bounty (hall be paid on any wheat, barley, rye, oats, indian ing ^>ottnti**f corn, "or any meal, or any wheaten flour or rice, under ^ SSt regulations of this ad, the perfon or perfons claiming bounty Xhe (ales were thereon (hall make proof on oath before the colle&or or other bon* fide principal officer at the port of importation, or other perfon (ales* authored to adminifter oaths in fuch port, of the day of the

file of fuch wheat, barley, rye, oats, indian corn, or meal thereof, and that the fale of fuch wheat, barley, rye, oats, and indian corn and maize, and wheaten flour and rice refpe&ively, was a fair and bond fide Dale, and that there was not any fraud or coliufion in the fale of fuch articles refpedtively, for the pur-pole of obtaining the bounties thereon.

XV.	And be it eria&ed, That the bounty by this a St granted How bounty upon rice imported into Ireland from the East Indies* fhall be

paid to the united company of merchants of England trading |hl?Eaft to the East Indies for the purpofe of being paid over by the Indies fhali faid company to fuch importer or importers of fuch rice, as be paid.

(hall be entitled thereto.

XVI.	And be it enabled, That the faid bounties (hall be Bounties to under the management of the commifiioners of his Majefty’s be underthe cuftoms in /Ireland, and (hall be paid out of any monies in 5?be coi? their hands arifing by any of the duties or revenues under mifiioners of their management, to the refpe&ive importers or confignces cuftoms in

of fuch wheat, barley, rye, oats, or indian corn or of fuch Ireland, meal or wheaten flour and rice refpe&tvely • provided always.

That a due entry be made with the proper officers of the port Entry to be

where fuch articles (hall be imported; and that the colle<9or ®

of fuch .port do receive full and fatisfa&ory proof that the ^tationvaod

articles proof given

os appoi ed by tne lord lieutenant, &c»

94 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georcii III. c. 34. [1801. that the arti- articles for which any* bounty herein allowed is claimed is fro* ^ixtur wholly an<^ entirely without mixture of any other corn or mm t# grain; and that in default thereof, the faid bounties, or any *	of them, (hall not be allowed or paid,

wted tobe XVII. And be it enafted, That before any wheat, barley, tnfjtt&ed by rye* oats, indian corn, or meal made of barley* rye, oats, or theofficersof indian corn, or wheat flour or rice imported into Ireland for thecuftoms bounty, under the regulations of this ad, (hall be delivered ^rienced^	c*,ar8c	t^ie proper officer or officers of the port

^>08 appoint-* where the fame (hall be fo imparted or brought, fuch articles refpe&ivcfy (hall be carefully and attentively infpe&ed, examined, weighed and meafured, and if the fame are merchantable, certified and examined in manner in this st& mentioned ; and fuch wheat, barley, rye, oats, and indian corn, and maize weighed by fuch officer or officers of the port as the faid commiffioners (hall direft, and two indifferent and dif-interefted perfons, experienced in the nature of the article to be fo infpefted and examined; which two perfons (hall be appointed for that purpofe by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, fubjedl ncverthelefs to the controul or removal of any fuch perfon or perfons in any fuch port or ports, by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor of Ireland for the time being; which perfons fhall, upon having viewed fuch wheat, barley, rye, oats, or indian corn and maize, and having weighed and meafured fuch quantities or proportions thereof, as they may think fuffleient for afeertairiing the average weight and meafure thereof, certify and declare, upon their corporal oaths first admmi-ftered in the port of Dublin by feme perfon aothorifed by the faid commiffioners for that purpofe, and the' in outports by the colleftar, or other chief officer of the port where fuch articles (hall be imported, fwho are hereby authorifed and required to adminiffer the lame), whether the faid articles refpeftively are or are not merchantable, and whether any fuch wheaten flour is fit for making bread, and alfo the weight of fueh wheat, barley^ rye, oats, and indian corn and maize refpeftively; and fuch perfons (haH grant fuch certificates upon all corn, grain, flour and meal, that fhall by them have been deemed merchantable and in good condition as aforefoid, within two days after the fame fhall have been infpefted by them as aforefaid; and if the fame (hall appear by fuch certificate to be merchantable, and of the refpeftive weights and meafures required by this act, where fiich weights and meafures are in this ad fpecified, and fuch wheaten flour (hall appear to be fit for making bread, the bounties refpec-tively granted by this aft fhall be paid and allowed thereon; but if the fame (hall appear by fitch certificate not to be merchantable, or fetch wheaten flour not fit for making bread, Samolea mav m bounty granted by this aft (hall be allowed or paid thereon, betakenin 1 XVIII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That if any . order toafeer- fuch perfon 01; perfons id appointed us afbrefaid, (hall have

any

x Soi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo GkProii III. c. 34. 95 any doufac as to the ftate and ooadkion of any fitch wheat, tam the coo* Ixariev, rye, oats, or indtan com or maize, or any meal of	***

any tech corn as afosefaid, er of any whcaten flour, it (ballWlc be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons aforefaid, to take a fsuaiple thereof not' exceeding a buQiel of any fuch corn, or SL peck of any fuch meal or wheatea flour, upon payment of the reafonable value thereof, according to the iaft average price of fuch article, for the pttrpofe of grinding any fuch corn into flour or nieal, and making bread thereof, or making bread of any fuck meal or whcaten flour, in order thereby to afeertain the (late and condition of the fame, and whether the feme is

fit for making bread.	__

XIX.	And be it ena&ed. That the faid perfons (b appointed Rfcompeuoe by the lord lieutenant to iufpeft and examine the hid Articles,	*°

ihall from time to time be paid by an order of the commif- tort. ^ iioners of bis Majefty’s cuftoms in Ireland, or any three or more of them, out of any .monies in their hands, ariung by any of the duties or revenues under then: management, the following Anns, by way of recommence or reward for their trouble in fo infpelting, examining, and certifying, (that is to fay), the ftrai of one penny per quarter ‘for all corn or grain, or two hundred and eighty pounds weight avoirdupois of rice, in— fpc&ed, and examined and certified by them as aforefaid, and fo in proportion for any greater or teis quantity, and the font, of one penny pir barrel of all wheaten flour infpe&ed, and examined and certified by diem as aforefaid, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

XX.	And whereat it may happen that foreign wheat, barley^ rytj oats, and tndian corn and maize, imparted into Ireland, may arrive heated and not in a merchantable ftate and condition; be it therefore ena&ed. That in every fuch cafe it (ball and may be lawful for the owner or crinfignee thereof, to depofit the fame	mat

in fome warehoufe to be approved of by the colle&or, or other \n a m«r-principal officer of the port where fuch corn or grain (hall be chantaWe imported, under the joint locks of his Majeftyand of fuch fta^,jnwbe owner or confignee; and the officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms && in she town or port where any fuch com or grain (hall be de- ZB mail be-policed, (hall at ail feafonable rimes in the day time permit theoomemer-owner or confignee of fuch corn or grain, by his, her, or their ferwants, to infpCdt, examine, and turn fuch corn or grain, and take all proper fteps for reftoring the fame to a merchantable condition^ and the owner or confignee of all fuch corn or grain, that (hall, after any fuch cafe as aforefaid, become merchantable, and (haH be certified as fuch in manner by this a ft dwelled, (hall be entitled to the bounties by this adt granted, in like manner in every refpe& as if the fame had arrived in good and merchantable ftate, and* fuch bounty (hall be payable and paid according to the average price pubhmed in. the Dublin Gazette' in the third week after the* article upon which any fuck bo "hall be claimed (ball have been certified as aforefaid. tT

And be: it enafied. That if any (hip or vcffel has ar- 5l

VeflHs arriving at a port

rived whtrt the

96 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georg it III. c. 34. [i8ol. bounty ^ not rived or lhall arrive at any port in Ireland^ where, according to frtf toone*** l^e regulations of this ad, the bounty is not allowed, fuch Slip where it is* or vefiel (ball and may lawfully depart from fuch port, without raoleftation or hindrance, with the feveral articles on board, and may carry the fame to any other port of Inland at which the lame may be entered for the bounty, and there enter, land, and deliver the fame, fubjed neverthelefs to all the rules, re-gulations, conditions, and reftridions of this ad. wTofaa^n" XXIL And be it enaded,'That in cafe any of the (aid articles toms may pay herein enumerated and deferibed (hall be fo imported or brought bounties on from any of the ports or places herein mentioned, into any of articles im- the refpedive ports herein alfo enumerated, fubfequent to the Sdh rc ijbx t*mc **m*te<* *>y	^d, but before the fifteenth day of O&ober

on proof of 9 one thoufand eight hundred and one, it lhall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s ctiftoms in Ireland* to order the bounty or bounties refpedively to be paid thereon, in like manner as if the faid articles had been imported within the time limited by this ad; provided proof (hall be made to the (atisfadion of the (hid commiffioners, that the fhips or vef-fels, on board of which refpedively fuch articles (hail be fo im-amvecTbcfbre P°rtc<* or brought, adually and bond fide fet fail from fuch refpedive ports or places for Ireland within fuch time as they might, in the ordinary courfe of their voyage, have arrived in Ireland before the faid first day of October one thoufand eight hundred and one, and proof (hall alfo be given and entry (hall be made, and the articles infpeded and examined; and certified, in like manner as is required by this ad, to authorife the payment of bounty on the faid articles imported within the time cleared out in limited by this ad: provided always. That nothing m this the Ealk claufe contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any g-l-E rice imported into Ireland, in any (hip pr veffel that (hall hare paid * cleared out from any port in the East Indies before the first when the voy- day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one, and that iball have the bounties by this ad granted on all fuch rice (hall be pay-l^awordine a^c an<* Pa'd uP°n all rice imported in any fuch (hip or vefiel, to the agree- *n cverY cafe where the voyage (hall have been performed ac-ment of the cording to the regulations that (haH have been entdred into court of di- with the court of diredors of the faid company in refped of re&ort' fuch -vovage.

Recovery and xXltl. And he it enaded. That all fines, penalties, and for-ot feitures, inflided by this ad, (hall and may be fued for, recovered, and levied, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities, as are pre-feribed, direded,,and appointed in and by an ad of parliament made in Ireland, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of tbe reign of his late Majefty Charles the Second, intituled, An a& for the fettling of the excife or new impoft upon his Majefiy^ bis beirt andfucceffots, according to the book of rates therein infirtedy or by any other law or laws relative to his Majefty’s revenue of excife in Ireland,* as fully and effedually to all intents, conftrudions, and purpofes, as if the fame were exprefled in this ad, with

like

the veflels {laving tailed at fuch times that they might, in the ordinary courfe of

Q&* c.

Bounty on rice imported in veflels

i86i.] Anno regriiquadragefimopfimoGfioktm III. c. 35,36. 97

like remedy of appeal to the parry or parties who (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved, as by the faid aft, or any other law or laws relating to his MajeftjPs revenue of excife in Ireland^ is provided.

XXIV.	And be it enafted; That if any aftion or fuit ihall	of

be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any a“l0lu* thing by him, her, or them done, in purfuance of this aft, fuch

atfion or fuit (hall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county, and the* defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or fuit (hall and may plead the' general ifliie, and give this aft and Gcncral i!Ta«» the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if afterwards a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plantiffs (hall difconyinue his, her, or their aftion or aftions, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them upon demurrer, or other* wife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs* Treble cofb.

XXV.	And be it enafted, That this aft may be varied, Aft may be altered, amended, or repealed, during this feffion of parliament.

feffion.

CAP. XXXV.

An ad for increafing the rates of fubfiftence to be paid to innkeepers atid others on quartering foldiers.—[April 30,1801.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An aftfor enabling the lard lieutenant, $r ether chief governot er governors of Ireland, to prohibit for a limited time, Jo as fuch pro-hibition Jhall not endure beyond the expiration of fix weeks from the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, the exportation from Ireland of corn or potatoes, and of allprovifions whatfoevtr\ and to permit for fuch limited time the importation into Ireland of corn andfjbj and all provifions whatfoevory without payment of duty% and for. indemnifying fitch petfons as have aRed for the service of the puUicij in aetujfing or carrying into execution certain procla-motions of the lord lieutenant and council a/*Ireland,*—.[May 21,

1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that fewer Jbould be given in man* Preamble.

ner herein mentioned, to prohibit the exportation of any fort if com or grain% or any potatoes from Ireland, and of au provifions whatfoever> and to permit the importation into Ireland of any fort of cm or grain or potatoes9 and of any kind of fifty and all provifions whatfoever) whenever circumflances jbouldfo require; be it therefore 'Cnaoed by. the Xing’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons* in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this aft, it Lord lieute-lhall be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor jjjjjj or governors of Ireland for the time being, and he and they is the YOL, XLIII.	H	and	exportation

$8 Anno regni quadragefimo primoGEotton TIL c. $6. of Irifh or fo- and arc hereby authorifed, with the advice of his Majefty's. privy ftefand per- counc^ °f Ireland^ to prohibit generally, for a limited time, mittheim- ” • the exportation from Ireland (but fo as fuch prohibition (hall oorution of not endure beyond the expiration of fix weeks from the com-fareign corn, mencement or the next feffion of parliament) of any lrijb or

^Vmonffor forci8n whcat> barle)f» bccr> or biS> P**1*	or

alimitcdtime.any mc*l or flour, or bread, bifcuit, or malt made thereof, or any Indian corn or maize, or meal or flour made thereof, or any potatoes or any kind of provifions whaffoever $ and to permit generally the importation into Ireland\ for fuch limited time as aforefaid, of any foreign com or other articles as afore-iaid, or any kind of fifli, or any kind of provifions whatfoever, in any Britijh or lrijb (hip or veflei, or in any other (hip or veflei belonging to pe;lbns of any kingdom or ftate in amity with his Majefty, and navigated in any manner whatever, without payment of any duty whatever; and in like manner to read fuch prohibition or permiffion, either in part or in the whole, if circumftances (hall appear ib to require; any thing in any ad to Pvrfons ex- the contrary notwithftanding.

DcSing foe?" IL And be it enaded. That if any perfect (hall export from corn or other ^elandf or (hall load or lay on board any ibip or other veflei, with intent fo to export,'or if any perfon (hall import into Ireland, any corn or other articles as aforefaid, contrary to fuch prohibition, or without the permiflion of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, by and with the advice of his Majefty’s pnvy council of Ireland, every perfon fo exporting or loading, or laying on board with intent to export, and every perfon fo importing, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds; and all fuch articles as aforefaid refpec-tively, and the (hip or veflei in which the fame (hall be (o er-. ported or loaded, or .laid on board with intent to export, or in which the fame (hall be fo imported, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized bv any dfficer or officers of his Majefty’fe revenue of cuftoms ottexcife in Ireland•

III.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That a due entry be made with the proper officers of the port into which any fiich

. corn or other articles, or fiih, (hall be imported; and in default thereof, the fame (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms or excife.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That nothing herein

m^be^arried conta*ne<^ extend, or be conftrued to extend, to authorife coaftwife, ac- the preventing of any perfon from loading or laying on board cording to the in any fhip or veflei, in order to be carried coaftwife, or from regulations carrying coaftwife from any part of Ireland to any other part the lordCd	tbereo^ znY °°rn or	articles as aforefaid, fo that the fame

lieutenant,	^ fo carried according to fuch regulations and reftri&ons, and

&o.	fubjetft to fuch fecUritres and conditions, as the lord lieutenant

or other chief governor or chief governors of Ireland for the time being, with the advice of his Majefty’s privy council of Ireland, (hall diredl and appoint.

Penalties and VAnd be it enabled. That all penalties and forfeitures irt-

ihall be levied fli^d bY th*s Thall and may be feed for, recovered, levied,

•	and

articles, contrary hereto, (hall forfeit xool., befides the forfeiture of the lorn, &c. with the veflei cm-. ployed.

Entry of com, &c. mall be made at the port of importation on penalty of forfeiture.

Corn, See.

± 861.] Anno fcgnl quadragefimo primo Qeorgii III. c. 3&- 99

and applied in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and aPPlic<,*a xicans, and with fuch powers and authorities, as by an a& parliament made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years the laws or pf" the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, inti- exeife in lie* dialed, An act for the fettling of the exeife or new impoft upon his Jldajefty% bis heirs and fuccejpsrs, according to the hook of rates therein inferted, or any other law or laws in Ireland relating to his Ma-j city's revenue; of exeife, as fully as if the fame were ena&ed in this ad, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who (hall think himfetf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved, as in and by the faid recited a& or any other a£t, as aforefaid, is provided.

V]. And whereas the lord lieutenant and council of Ireland, by a ^^J^ati-proclamation on the twenty-eighth day of Odtober one thoufand eight ifeute-hundredy did, amongfi other things, prohibit the exportation of any rice nant of Ire-or potatoes toforeign parts from any port in Ireland, until the twenty- land, dated fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and oney or further *^l8oo> order to the contrary; and by a further proclamation on the /even-teentb day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, did order bitiog the cx-and direct^ that all and every the prohibitions, orders and directions portation of contained in the faid proclamation jhould continue to be and have effect jh* andpota* until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred ini cUmation^0" oney orfurther order to the contrary: and whereas the faid lord lieu- dated Jan. *0, tenant and council of Ireland by two other proclamations on the Feb. 17, and twentieth day of January and feventeentb day of February one thou-fand eight hundreds and one reffectively, (lid charge and command all^Uy ricf^in-£uftomersy collectors, or other officers of or belonging to the cufioms dian corn,’&c. and revenues, to admit to free entryy difeharged from all manner of duty free duty whatever, into all and every the ports ^Ireland, all rice9 In- recited* d/an corny and all kind of foreign flour, until the twenty-fifth day of March ant thoufand eight humified and one, or further order to me contrary; and by a further proclamation on the feventeentb day of March one thoufand eight hundred and oney did order and direCt, that all and every the orders and directions contained in the faid two Utfl* recited proclamations Jhould continue to be in force and have effect, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and oney or further order* to the contraryj which proclamations as• to the matters aforefaid, were for the service of the public k, and Jhould receive the function and confirmation of laWy and all perfons advijmg and aiding in obedience to the fame Jhould be indemnified \ be it there- ^dri^and fore enacted, That all perfonal a&ions and fuits, and all in-carrying the di£tments, informations, and all profecutions and proceedings f^me into whatfoever,' which have been or (hall be profecuted or com- execution, in«r menced againft any perfon or perfons whomfoever, for or by demniac^ reafon of any a&, matter, or thing advifed, commanded, appointed, or done in relation to the premifes, or of any contract or agreement not performed by means of or in obedience to the faid proclamations or any of them, be and are, and (hall be difeharged and made void by virtue of this a£t; and that every perfon in anywife concerned in advifing or iffuing the faid proclamations pr any of them, or in anywife ailing therein, or in

h 2	pur-

loo Anno regni quadragefitno pritno GeorgiiIH. c. 37. £1801.

purfuance thereof (ball be, and is hereby acquitted, difcbarged, Perfons fued an(i indemnified, of and from the fame 5 and that if any adion c or fait (hall be profecuted or commenced againft any perion or .	!	perfons	for	any	fuch	a£k, matter, or thing fo advifed, com*

manded, appointed, or done, or fuch contraS or agreement no: performed, he, Ihe, or they' may plead the general iiTue, and give this a St, and the fpeCtal matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action or fait profecuted or com* , menced after the date of the proclamations refpedtivdy commanding or appointing the fame to be done, (kail become nonfuited, ,or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difcontinu-ance, or if a verdidt pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants lha|l recover his, her, or their double cofts, for which he, .(he, or they (hall have the fame remedy, as in cafes where cofts by law are given to defendants,

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for making provifton for the entry and return voyages ofcertain Jhips which may import rice or other grain from the East Indies, and to autborife the importation of rice or other grain into Ireland, in Jhips coming direftly from the East Indies.—[May 21, 1801.]

All (hips wherever built, to. clearing out from the Eaft

Preamble. TT7HEREAS it is juft and expedient that pravifion JhouU V V be made for, the lawful importation of goods loaded on board certain Jhips which may arrive from the .Eaft Indies, with cargoes of rice or other grain, and for the return voyage of fuch Jhips to the East Indies, although they may not be entitled to the privileges of Briti(h Jhips9 and alfo that provifton Jbould be made that Jhips coming from the East Indies, laden with rice or other grain9 may unload and difpofe of fuch rice and other grain in Ireland in manner herein menttonedy be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty,. by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and. for any (nip or veflel, or (hips or veflels, wherever built, and belonging in part or in whole to .	his Majefty'$ fubje&s, or belonging to perfons of any kingdom

Sept 1 1801 or ^ate amity with his Majefty, however the fame may be Uuienwith dee navigated, which (hall have cleared out from any port in the and other	Eaft Indies, on or before the first day of September one thoufand

grain, may eight hundred and one, laden with rice or other grain, with the atthV^rt^of6 ^cei)cc	Eaft	India	company, to import and enter, all fuch

London duty- rice or gra*n, free .from all duties whatioever, into the port of free; and if London, and alfQ for all fuch (hips as aforefaid, laden with not lets three fourths than three fourths of t^eir meafured burthen of good mer-TOnfiftoffuS’-^aata^c r*ce? or other grain, and.which (the dangers of the articles,.the -ft3® and enemies excepted) (hall import all fuch rice or other other part of grain fo loaden into that part of the united kingdom called the lading, if Great Britain, or which, under the provifton herein contained, bitedTma" be import all filch rice or other grain fo loaden into that part imported^into0^ the faid united kingdom called Ireland, to import into the London fub-r	,	port

i Soi.]' Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 37. 161

>0re of London any other goods or merchandizes which (hall be to the o^den bn board anv fuch (hips or veflels'to complete their re-pe'ctiye ladings, and which may lawfully be imported into GnatBriSSfcipi1.11 Britain, fubje& to the like duties, and no othev, as if they were m ported in Britijh*built (hips navigated according to law; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch (hips as Such Hups a/ore/aid, at any time before the first day of January one thou-may> before fhnd eight hundred and three, to export from Great Britain to export eoodB any place* in the Eajfl Indies, for one' voyage only, any goods, totheEaft In* kvares, or merchandizes which may lawmlly be exported from dies for one Great Britain to the Eafi Indies, in like manner as if fuch (hips voyage, in reflectively had been duly entitled to all the privileges of Bri- „cr asBritito* tijb (hips navigated according to law; any thing in an aft palled in the twelfth year of his majeflv King Charles the Second, intituled, An alt for encouraging and increajmg ofJhipping and naviga tion, or any other law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife not with (landing.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this aftj No^^to esrtewl or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued fhi^ ^hn-to extend, to authorife any (hip or veflel to import or export any port or export goods, wares or merchandizes.whatfoever, or to do any other goods in any aft whatfoever, or in any other manner, (fave and except as other manner herein-after. is mentioned and provided), than any fuch goods, wares or merchandises, may be lawfully imported or exported by, or than fuch a# may be done by (hips entitled to the privilege of Britijh (hips navigated according to law, under the li-cence orauthorityof.the Eajihdi* corn^y.	Condition, on

HI. And be it further enacted. That ltihall and maybe lawful which Britilh to 2nd for any Britijh (hips or veflels, or any (hips or veflels, or foreign wherever built belonging to perfons of any kingdom or date in &c« amity with his Majefty, however the fame may be navigated, which (hall have cleared out from any port or place in the Eafl indies by Indies on or before the first day of September one thoufand eight Sept, x, iSox, hundred and one, laden with rice or other grain as aforefaid, and "?ay import which (hall have the licence of the* united company of merchants ^j^jnto^ of England trading to,the Eafl Indies, or the licence of the go- inland duty-vernor and council of Saint Helena, or any other of the laid free. See* united compands governments for that purpofe, to proceed di-reftly to any port in that part of his Majefty’s faid united kingdom called Ireland, and there to unload, (ell, and difpofe of all fuch rice and other grain which (hall be loaded- on board fuch (hips or veflels refpeftively, free and difeharged from all duties whatfoever, fo. as fuch (hips or veflels refpeftively (hall proceed on as foon as wind and weather (hall permit, with all convenient fpeed, to the port of London\ where it (hall be lawful for all fuch (hips or veflels to come, to an entry, land, fell, and difpofe of all all fuch rice or othergrain as (hall not have been difpofed of in Irelandfree from duty,, and ail fuch other goods, wares, and merchandises, as may have been loaden on board any fuch (hips or veflels, and which may lawfully be imported into this king- * dom, fubjeft in all cafes to the like duties, and no other, as If

H 3	they

102 Annorcgniquadragefimoprimo Georgii HI. c. 38. [1801.

they were importedin Britijb-b\x\\t (hips, and in like manner as Aft not to they might have done if bulk had not been broken, any law, eo ®a*utc» or uk&c *° the contrary thereof in any wife.notwith(hnd-' on^ard°fuch logs provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall in (hips, con- anyways extend to autborife any perfon or boat to go to or on trary to an aft board any fuch (hip contrary to the provifions of ah parted in ta	^e Par^ament °f Inland, in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent

land, 25 Geo. Majefty’s reign, for continuing and amending feverai laws re-3.5 nor to au- lating to his Majefty’s revenue, and for the more efFe£lually pre-thorifetheim-venting frauds therein; nor (hall anything herein contained in without a°y manner be conftrued to authorife the importation of any ncence of the g°°^s» wares, or merchandizes, without the licence or authority Bait India of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to company. the Eajl Indies.

Such (hips IV, And be it further enacted, That fuch (hips as herrin-^ liable to before are mentioned (hall not be liable to forfeiture, nor (hall ^ r ei ur& c. any perfong whatever be liable to any penalty or forfeiture on account of any importation or exportation of goods, wares, or merchandizes, or of any aft or thing to he done in purfuance of this aft.'

CAP. XXXVIII.

An ad to amend fo much of an ad pajfed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled9 An act to *	repeal	an	aft,	patted in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled,

4 An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen,9 and to fubftitute other provifions in lieu thereof; as relates to the forms of convidion therein referred to.—[May 21, 1801.]

Preamble. TX7HEREAS doubts have arifen as to certain forms of conviflio* V V preferred in a fcheiule to an ad% pajfed in the thirty-ninth and 39 & 40 Geo. fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majfejiy, intituled, An act to C’10 9 ' repeal an aft, parted in the laft feffionoif parliament* intituled,

* 4 An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen,’ and to fcbftitute other,provifions,in lieu thereof: and whereas it,is. expedient that thofe doubts fbould be removed; for remedy whereof, be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the. lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Scratch of authority of the fame, That, from and after the parting of this recited a{^» fa much of the.frid fchedule to the frid aft annexed, as con-aft as relates tains the form intituled, Form of Convidion.and Commitment, in the ~ to the forms frid. fchedule, and jdfo as contains, the form intituled. Form of of conviftion Convid'm in a pecuniary Penalty, (hall be and the fame is hereby foSead thmof r€Pea^ ; and that inftead and in lieu thereof, the fchedule to the forms this , aft annexed, andjbe forms therein* contained, (hall be hereto annex- feverally ufed, * applied and conftrued in like inanner as if the ed (hall be faid .forms were fpecially enafted in the faid recited aft, and that (be faid fchedule to this aft annexed, and the forms therein contained, (hall be deemed and taken ro be a part of the fchedule to th? faid recited #ft 1 and that all the.provifions of the faidaft,

'	and

1801.] Anno regni quadragefimoprimo Georgii III. c. 39. 103

and the references therein contained to the laid fchedule to the* laid recited aft, and the two feveral forms therein contained and hereby repealed, (hall be applied, conftrued, deemed, and taken to refer to the fchedule tothis a ft annexed, and to the forms therein contained, and be extended to and conftrued in like manner as if the feme bad been ena&ed in the faid aft/

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

FORMof Convict on andCefinmjtment.

BE it remembered, that on the	day	of	in

the	year	of his Majefty’s reign, and in the year of

our Lord	*	A.B.	is	convifted before us, [nam-

ing the juftices], two of. hi$ Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county, [or riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place], of	of having [fating the offence], contrary to the ftatute made '

the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aff to repeal an ad, faffed in the laftjiffion of parliament 9 intituled^ * An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen,* and to fubjlitute other provifions in lieu thereof $ and we the faid juftices do hereby order and adjudge the faid A. B. for the feid offence, to be committed to and confined in the commoq gaol for the faid county, [or riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place], for the fpace of	'	[or to be committed to the

houfe of correftion at	within	the	faid	county,	[or

riding, dtvifionr city, liberty, town, or place], there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of

Given under our hands, the day and year above written.

FORM of Conviction in a pecuniary Penalty.

BE it remembered, that on [purfuing the fame form, as far as the title of the laid recited off]; and we the faid juftices do hereby adjudge and determine the laid A% B. for the laid offence to forfeit and lofe the fum of	of	lawful	money	of

Great Britain, to be diftributec} as the faid aft direfts*

Given under [as before].

CAP. XXXIX.

An ail for the more effectually preventing the forgery of bank notes,	%

bank bills of exchange, and bank pojl bills.—[May %i, 1801.]

WHEREAS the forgery of hank notes, bank bills of exchange, Preamble* and bank pojl bills, hath of late very much increafed in this kingdom; and, as wellfor the prevention thereof as alfo to facilitate the detection of tbo fame, the governor and company of the bank of England have procured to be made, for the purpoft of being ufed m the future iffue of bank notes, bank bills of exchange, and bank pojl bills, a new paper ef a different manufacture from that formerly ufed

H 4	tither

104 Annorcgniquadrageiimo primotjsoRoii IIL c. 39. [xSoi.

either by thelaid governor and company, or any other perfm or perfons in this kingdom, in the. ijfue of promijfory notes or bills of exchange; in which new paper, tnjlead of the bar lines being ftraigbt and parallel t» each other, as in the paper heretofore ufed, the fame are curved or waiving, and the laying wire lines are alfo formed in a waived or curved Jhape, and the numerical amount or Jum of each bank note, bank bill of exchange, and bank pojl bill, exprejfed in a word or words, in roman letters, is made to appear vifible in the fubfance of the paper: and whereas it is expedient, for the better prevention of the forgery of bank notes, bank bills of exchange, and bank poft bills, that the fold 1 governor and company Jhould have the exclufive privilege and authority , of ujmg, in the ijfue of their notes and bills* the paper berein-before defcribed: be it therefore enabled by the King's moft excellent ; majefty, by and with the adviee and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembied,, After June 14, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the twen- ( 1&01, no per- ty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, ifs fon,unleu any perfon or perfons (other than the officers, workmen, fer-^ the b^k vant*> or agents f°r Ac tiro® being, of the faid governor and; England, (hall company, to be authorifed and appointed for that purpofe by the" make or ufe, faid governor and company, and for the ufe of the faid governor Prhave in hi* and company only) (hall make or ufe, or caufe or procure to be feme orta- ma^e or or knowingly aid or aflift in.the making or u(ing, ftrument for or (without being authorifed or appointed as aforefeid) (hall making paper knowingly have in his, her, or their cuftody or pofieffion (with-of the kind out lawful excufe, the proof whereof (ball lie upon the perfon 1 (bribed with accu^cc^) any ffame» mould, or inftrument, for the making of curved bar paper with curved or waiving bar lines, or with the laying wire lines and	lines thereof in a waiving or curved (hape, or with any number,

fums in	fum, or amount, exprefled in a word or words, in roman letter^

^bftance1"* v*^le in the fubftance of fuch paper; or (hall manafa&ure, make,, or make, ufe, u^e) vend, expofe to fale, publi(h or difpofe.of, or, cauie or pro-or publilh, cure to be manufactured, made, ufed, vended, expofed to fale,

&c. f°ch pa- publilhed, or difpofed of, or aid or aflift in the manufacturing, procure the making, ufing, vending, expoflng to fale, publifhing or difpofujg amount of or (without being authorifed or appointed as aforefaid), (hall any bank knowingly have in his, her, or their cuftody or pofieffion, any note, &:c. to paper whatfoever with curved or waiving bar lines, or with the fuSftance of ky*ng wire Itoes thereof in a waiving or curved (hape, or having the paper any number, fum, or amount, exprefled in a word or words,- in whereon the roman letters., appearing vifible'in the fubftance of fuch paper; fame (hall be or if any perfon or perfons (except as before excepted) after the printed °Lc ^ twentY"f°urth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and on pain of * one, (hall, by any art, myitery, or contrivance, canfeor procure being adjudg- the numerical fum or amount of any bank note, bank bill of ex-ed a felon, change, or bank poft bill, blank bank note, blank bank *bill of and^tranfport- eXchahge, or blank bank poft bill, in ^ word or words to appear years, *4 vifible in the fubftance of the paper .whbreoo the fame (ball be written .or printed ;or (hall knowingly aid or aflift in caufing the numerical fum or amount of any bank note, bank bill of exchange^ or bank poft bill, blank bank note, blank hank bill of exchange, pr blank bank poft bill, in. a word or words, in roman letters, to ' ,	*	.	appw

i8oi,] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii IILc« 39- 105

appear vilible in the fubftance of the paper whereon the fame (hail be written or printed, every perfon or perfons fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being convicted thereof according to law, (ball be adjudged a felon, and (hall be tranfported for the term of fourteen years.	•	„

II.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That this:a£t A&notto dial) not extend, or be conftrued to extend to reftrain or render reftrain the illegal the negociation, circulation, or reifluing of any bill or bills ^f^biSarf of exchange, promiflory note or promifTory notes, which have exchange, itc* already lawfully been iflbed, negociated, or circulated, or which, which may be (hall or may be now lawfully re-iffued, negociated, or circulated,

before the first day of 'November one thoufand eight hundred and ^ovembBri one, notwithftanding the fame (hallbe written or printed upon ,80i, al- # paper, which by this act is prohibited from being manufactured, though writ-made, ufed, vended, expofed to fale, publiQied, or difpofed of, paper except by the governor and cpmpany of the bank of England,	ufcof the

any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof io anywife notwithftanding.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That nothing jj^°rto re* herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to re- perfon^om (train any perfon or perfons from iftuing or negociating any bill liTuing bills or bills of exchange, promifTory note or promifTory notes, having" or notes bar-the futn or amount thereof expreiTed in guineas, or in a mime- in&

rical figure or figures denominating the fum or amount thereof in pounds sterling, appearing vifible in the fubftance of the paper guineas or upon which the fame (hall be written or printed, anything herein pounds ftcr-contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding; ' hng appearing

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nothing in ftanceof die this ad contained (hall reftrafin or preventany perfon or perfons from paper: making, ufing, vending, expofing to fale, publiflinig, or difpofing n0r to re-of any paper, having waiving or curved lines, or any other del grain any vices in the nature of water marks, vifxble in the fubftance of the pcKon from * paper, not being bar'lines, or laying wire lines, provided the

lame are not .contrived in fuch manner as to form the ground paper with work or texture of the paper, or to imitate or refemble the waiv- devices in ing or curved laying wire lines, or bar lines of the faid new paper the natiireof of the governor and company of the bank of England, or to imf-	£

rate or refemble the water marks ufed by the governor and com- not refemble pany of the bank of England9 in the bank -notes, bank bills of the water exchange, and bank poft bills, ifTued by the faid governor arid company, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof ift anywife notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or perfons ^cr[°

(hall, from ?nd after the pafling of this a<ft, purchafe or receive Sn^or having from any other perfon or. perfons, any forged* or counterfeited in their pof-bank note*, bank bill of exchange, bank poft bill or blank bank feftion any note, blank bank bill of exchange oAbJank bank poft bill, know-	n*

ing the fame to be forged or counterfeited; or (hall ^knowingly oncon. ot wittingly have .in his, her, or their pofleffion orcuftody, or in vi&i&n, be his, her, or their dwelling houfe, outhoufe, lodgings, or' arp?rt- adjudged foments, any forged or counterfeited .bank riote,^ bank.bjjl pf.ex-Change, bank poft bill, or blanlf bartk ndtc,* blank bank bill of for i4°yeari.

106 Anno regni quadragefimoprimo Georgii IH. c. 39. [1801.

exchange,* or blank bank pod bill, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, (without lawful excufe, the proof whereof mall lie'upon the perfon' accufed), every perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convicted according to law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall be tranfporedfor the term of fourteen year*.

VI* And whereas the laws now in force do nit inflift a fuffeient punijbment upon offenders concerned in engraving plates and printing blank forms for bank notes, bank bills of exchange, and bank poft bills, for the purpofe of being made ufe of in perpetrating the crime offer* Fertont en-	f°r remedy whereof, be it further enadted, That if any pet-

graving, See. fon or perfon*, from and after the palling of this a£t, (hall en-any bank grave, cut, etch, ferape, or by any other means or device make, "orti^tobe*°r cau^e or Procurc *° be engraved, cut, etched, fcraped,or •of the'bank

of England, dr ufing any plate fo engraved, or

fiich bank note, Sec. . without the authority of the bank, or knowingly have in their xuftody fuch plate or de«

by any other means or device made, or (hall knowingly aid <x aflift in the engraving, cutting, etching, feraping* or by any other means or device making, in or upon any plate of copper, brafc, fteel, pewter, or of any other metal or mixture of metals, or any device uP°n any woo^> or anY other materials, or any plate whatfoever, for making or any bank note, hank bill of exchange, bank poft bill, or blank printing any bank note, blank bank bill of exchange, or blank bank j>o(t bill, or part of a bank note, bank bill of exchange, or bank poft bill, purporting to be the note or bill of exchange or bank poft.bill,or blank bank note or blank bank bill of exchange, or blank bank poft bill, or part of the note or bill of exchange or bank-poft bill, of the governor and company of the bank of England, without an authority in writing for that purpofe from the (aid governor and company of the bank of England, or (hall ufe any fuch plate fo vice, or utter engraved, cut, etched, feraped, or by any other means or device hank make, or (hall ufe any other inftrument or device for the making

tiie offender* orfr“?,t,in8 “»> f“ci> b*nk note» bank biU ,rf1**d“n8^ °rb“k (hall be ad- poll bill, or blank bank note or blank bank bill of exchange, or

judged felons, blank bank poft bill, or part of a bank note or bank bill of ex-andoe tran- change, or bank poft bill, without fuch authority in writing as aforefaid$ or if any perfon or perfons (hall, after the pafling of this aft, without fuch authority » aforefaid, knowingly have in his, her, or their cuftody any fuch plate, inftrument, or device, or (hall without fuch authority as aforefaid, knowingly and wilfully utter, publifh, difpofe of, or put away, any fuch bank note,, bank bill of exchange, bank poft bill, blank bank note, blank bank bill of exchange, or blank bank poft bill, or part of fuch bank note, bank bill of exchange or bank poft bill, every .perfon fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being convided thereof according to law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall be tranfported for the term of (even years,

(ported for (even years.

............CAP;	XL,

An act to permit perfons in holy orders (0 iefp one horfe, only% for the purpofe of riding, without being fubjeft to the duty granted by anafi of the tkirtp-eighth year of the reign of bis prefent	under

certain limitcttiom^\}Avj 2i> 1801.] '

WHEREAS

i So i .]Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii HI* c. 40,41.107 THERE AS an aft was made in the thirty-eighth year of tbt Preamble.

V V reign of his prefent Mayefty^ intituled, An a& for repealing 38 Geo. *• the duties upon male fervants, carriages, horfes, mule$,.and dogs, Ca and for granting to his Majefty other dudes in lieu thereof: and whereas it is expedient that certain perfons in holy orders Jhould be per- . mitted to keep one horfe only for the turpofe of riding without being fubjeft to the duty granted by the faia aft\ be it therefore ena&ed by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affesnbled, and by the authority of the . . fame. That every re&or, vicar, or curate, actually doing duty in his church or chapel, who (hall not be afiefled to any duties on SJ ^ty^o income, granted by any a A or a&s relating to the duties on in- income, who come, by reafon of his not being poffeffed of any income, charge- (hall not keep able to the faid duties, according 10 the provifions of the adfs relating to the faid duties, and who (hall not keep more than one riding (hallf horfe, mare, or gelding, for the purpofe of riding, chargeable be exempted wit£i duty, according to the provifions of the faid first recited from the duty a(ball be and is hereby exempted from the duty granted by granted by the faid adt of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent ^,rccitcd Majefty in refpedt of fuch pne horfe, mare, or gelding. -	9

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That nothing herein but not to contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to any perfon extend to• per-, who (hall occafionally perform the duty appertaining to any re&or, vicar, or curate, without fuch perfon (hall be the regular ing the duty officiating minifter of the parilh or place in which fuch duty ofredor9drc, (hall be performed, or (hall have the cure of fouls therein, any t;e?ulat thing berein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

the placed

CAP. XU.

An act for allowing, until the twentieth day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and one, the' importation into Ireland of BririQi and foreign hops at a like duty as is payable in Great Britain fir the fame.—[May 21,1801.J

WHEREAS foreign bops are importable into Great Britain at Preamble* a like duty as is payable in Great Britain on Britifli hops, and it is expedient that all fuch bops Jhould be imported into Ireland, fib-jeft to the fame duty as h payable for the fame in Great Britain \ be it enafted by the King’s ottft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-	, .

rityof the fame, That, until and upon the twentieth day of Until Aug.ao, Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and one, no greater duty iBoi, 00 lhall be payable on the importation intoIreland of any hops of greater duty the growth or produce of Great Britain, or of any foreign hops, p£^ib a than after the rate of one penny farthing,-according to the value be paid for . of money in Ireland, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof\ Britifli or fo-and if any hops imported into Ireland fince the first day of Janu- reignhops im-n ary one thoufand eight hundred and one, have been charged with ireland^&c.

.Preamble. %7 Geo. 3.

c/*j> agd

ja Geo. 3. c- reeved*

108 AnnoregniquadragcfimoprimoOEORGii III. c.42,43. [1801.

any higher duty, the excefs of fuch duty (hall be allowed or repaid to the importers refpe&ively of fuch hops; any ad or ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XLII.

■An aR to exempt elephant oilfold by auRion in Great Britain, from the duty impofed on fuch fales.—[May jti, 1801.J

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the twenty-fevent h year of the reign of bis prefent MajeJiy* for repealing the fiveral duiiu of cujlsmt and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof an exeije duty wds charged for and upon all fales* by way of auftion in Great Britain, of any goods or chattels* according to the reffective rates therein exprejfed: and whereas by another aft pajfed in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled* An act to exempt whale oil, and other articles therein mentioned, and' fold by auftion in Great Britain* from the duty tmpoled on fuch (ales, it was* among other things* enafted, That all whale oil* whale bone* ambergris* and head matter* and allfkins of feeds* and other animals living in the fea* Jhould be free of the faid duty on the firjl fale thereof by auftion in Great Britain, by or for the account of tne original importer to whom the fame were configned* and by whom they were entered at the cttjlom houfe at the port of importation* fo as futh fale Jhould be made within twelve months after fuch goods Jbould be imported, and by feme perfen duly licenfed to exercife the trade or lufinefs of an auftioneer : and whereas tt is expedient that further exemption from the faid duty Jhould be made in favour of oil made or produced from certain amphibious animals caued Sea Cows or Sat Elephants, and which was commonly called or inown by the name of Elephant Oil, which is not new exemptedfrom thefame•* be it therefore enabled by the King’s moil: excellent ,'majefty, by and with the advice and cpnfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, *nd commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after, the pafling of this aft, all oil made or produced from amphibious animals called Sea Cows or Sea Elephants* and which is commonly called or.known by the name of Elephant Oil* (hall be free of the faid duty on the first fale thereof by auction in Great Britain* by or for the ao count of the original importer, to whom the fame (hall be con- i iigned, and by whom the .fame (hall be entered at the cuftom houfe at the port of importation, fo as fuch fale be made within ; twelve months after fuch oil (hall be imported, and by fome perfon duly licenfed to exercife the trade or bufincft pf an auctioneer. j

•	•„	'•	.	C	A	P.	XLIII.	.	!

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and doathing of the militia in i England, for the yeanone tngufend eight hundred and onc.-r[May u, I *%wm] .	1

Elephant oil fhaA be free of the auftion duty on the first fale, by or on account of the original Importer, if (ale be made by a licenfed auftioneer within twelve .months after Importation;

CAP,

i8ox.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo GeorgIx III. c. 44. 109 CAP. XLIV.

Ap at1 for reviving, continuing until the twentieth day of May, one thoufand eight hundred and two, and amending an act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An ad^to repeal the duties oh fugar and coffee ex-* ported, granted by an aft pafled in the thirty-,ninth year of hi$ prefent Majefty’s reign, for allowing Britijh plantation fugar to be warehoufed; for reviving fo much of an aft .made iir thfe thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent'Majefty, as relates to the afcertaining the average price of fugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof;* and y for allowing certain drawbacks on fugar exported, until the tenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and one.—[June 20, 1801.]

WHEREAS an aft pajfed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth' years Preamble.

of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled. An act to repeal 39 & 40 Geo. the duties on fugar and coffee exported, granted by an aft pafied 3« c* 4** in the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for allowing Britijh plantation fugar to be warehoufed; for reviving fo much of an act made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, as relates to the afcertaining the average price of fugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof; and for allowing certain drawbacks on fugar exported, until the tenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and one: and whereas thefaid recited aft hath expired: and whereas it is expedient that the faid aft Jhould hi revived and continued for a limited time J be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons,, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the Recited ad tenth day of Mayt one thoufand eight hundred and one, the faid wived fron* recited aft, and all the claufes, provifions, powers,? authorities, I0* l*°*m di reft ions, and regulations therein contained, (hall be, and the fame are hereby revived, and (hall be and remain in full force during the continuance of this aft (except as to any fuch provifions, regulations, claufes, matters, and things, as are by this aft altered* amended, or repealed), in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Prom May 10, day of May one thoufand eight hundred and one, and until the J80*©**^* tenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and two, the fe- prtfjntdraw-veral drawbacks and bounties heretofore allowed and paid, under backs and and in purfuance of any aft or afts of parliament, on the expor- bounties on tation from Great Britain, of any fugar of the Britijh plantations, in die fame ftate in which it was imported, <>r of any refined fugar G^eatBHtaiti called Bajlards, or any ground or powder fugar, or refined loaf of certain forts fugar broken in pieces, or fugar called Candy, or any other refined of fugar, (hall fugar in the loaf, complete and whole, or lumps duly refined, ^ued^Mid in (hall be, and the fame are hereby difcantinued, and that, inftead lieu thereof,

and thofe in the

dule to be allowed.

ii6 Anno regni quadtagefimo primo GeoSgii III. e. 44. [1861 *

annexed fche- and in lieu thereof, the feyeral drawbacks and bounties in „the fchedule to this ad annexed, (hall be paid and allowed in, like manner in every refped, and fubjed to, and under and according, to the like rules, regulations, reftridions, penalties, and , forfeitures, as any drawbacks or bounties v(ctc paid or allowed before the paffing of an* ad of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act for granting to hit Ma-jejiy certain additional duties on fugar imported and exported, and fir reducing the drawbacks now allowed on the exportation of fugar.

If by notice in	HI. And be it further enaded, That if, on or immediately

it (half^prear a^er	paffing pf this ad, or on the tenth day of Auguft,, or on

that the ave- ninth day of November one thoufand eight hundred and one rage prices of refpedively, or any or either of the faid days, it (hall appear by brown or Muf- notice in the London Gazette, in manner direded in the faid ad, 2d not on*** ma<*c *n the thirtv-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Ma-paffing this	jelly, intituled. An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback,

ad,	or on	and payment of the bounty on the exportation offugar, and for permit-

Aug. 10, or ting the importation offugar and coffee into the Bahama nx^Bermuda exceed9’ os0**	*n fireign Jhips, that the average prices of brown or Muf

per cwt! ex- oovaio fugar, taken in manner direded by the faid ad, for the fix ' ~	~ weeks preceding, (hall not have exceeded feventy (hillings for an

hundred weight, exclufive of the duties of cuftoms paid or payable thereon, on the importation into Great Britain, then, and in every fuch cafe, the drawback and bounty in the fchedule to this ad annexed mentioned as correfponding to or with the price of which fuch notice in the London Gazette (hall have been given as aforefaid, (hall be paid and allowed, until notice of any other average price (hall be given in the London Gazette On the Saturday immediately preceding any other of fuch fubfequent days; and fuch drawback and bounty (hall be paid and allowed in like manner in every refped, and lubjed to, and under, and according to the like rules and regulations, reftridions, penalties, and forfeitures, as any-drawbacks and bounties were paid or allowed before the paffing of the faid ad of the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty, by any ad or ads of parliament, (except as any fuch rules or regulations are altered by this ad); and the whole of the duty granted by an ad pafled in the forty-firft year of the c.*8, on fugar reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act for granting to bis the^E^India Mtyjiy certain duties of cujlome on timber, fugar, ratjins, and popper, company,	imported into, and on lead exported?from Great Britain, Upon fugar

'and fold at imported into Great Britain, by the united company of merchants their (ides of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and warehoufed according to *aw> an<* at	t*ie	comPany» after the paffing

onexportation °f this ad, (hall, upon the delivery thereof, out of the warehoufes bedrawnback, for exportation, during the time of any drawbacks, or bounties while draw- being paid or allowed under <his ad, in refped of Britijh plants* lowed on Bri t*on ^u6ar* wholly drawii back, under fuch rules, regulations, tHh plantation reftri&ions, penalties, and forfeitures as any former drawbacks fugars. are paid or allowed, any thing in the faid ad, pafled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, contained to the contrary notwith(landing,

IV. Pro-

clufive of duty, the drawback and bounty in the annexed fchedule cor-tefponding . with fuch price in the Gazette (hall be paid until another price fhall be noticed on the Saturday preceding any other of luch fubfequent days, and the duty granted by 4.1 Geo. 3

18ci7] Anno fegni quadragefirao priiiio Georgii HI. c. 44. 111

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That on the On exportati* exportation from this kingdom of any refined fugar in any other®”

than a Briti/b (hip or'veflel, owned, navigated, and regiftered, otl^thana according to law, there fh^ll be paid and allowed one (hilling lefs Britiih (hip u. bounty for each and .every hundred weight of fuch fugar fo ex* lef# bounty per ported, than if the fame had been exported- in a Britijh (hip or c^j ** veflel fo owned, navigated, and regiftered, any law, cuftom, or pai * u/age, to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provide^ always, and be it enaded, .That-the drawback Drawback to and bounty payable on the exportation of fugar, by virtue and j?e allowed oa in purfuance of this ad, (hall be paid and allowed on all fugar o^water-^ * which (hall have been, or (hall be (hipped or laden on board any born with (hip or (hips, or water-born with intent to be (hipped or laden intent to be on board any (hip or (hips in Great Britain for exportation, after dipped for the tenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and one. after May°?o,

VI.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the paff- !g0I.	7

ing of this a d, and until the tenth day of May one thouJand eight untii May 10, hundred and two, all bonds to his Majefty from the importer or 1802, bonds importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees of for duties on any Britijb plantation fugar, for the payment of the duties chargeable uponany fuch fugar imported into any port in Great ported into Britain, at any time after the tenth day of Afay one thoufand Great Britain eight hundred and one, and warehoufed, (hall be made payable,after May 10, together with intereft, at and after the rate of five pounds ^de wtvabte centum per annum, upon the amount of fuch duties, within three in* hree months from the date thereof; and if the importer or importers, months, and proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees of fuch fugar if the duties (hall omit, negled, or refufe to pay and fatisfy all the duties doe JJJbin tSat and payable in refped of fuch fiigar, withki three months from period, the the date of any bond given under this ad for the payment of the lugara may duties, upon fudi fugar as aforefaid, unlefs further time (hall be he fokl, given by the faid commiifioners of cuftoms, purfuant to the pro-

vifions of this ad, it (hall be lawful for the commiifioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedively, at "the expiration of fuch periods as aforefaid, to caufe fuch fugar to be publickly fold to the beft bidder, jt fuch places fcs the faid commiifioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedively (hall think proper, and out of the proceeds of fuch fale, to fatisfy fuch duties, together with the intereft due thereon, and all fuch expences as (hall have ariien relating to any fuch fagar; and the overplus (if any be) (hall be paid to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees of fuch fugar, or fuch other per-fon or perfons as (hall be authorifed to receive the fame.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That it (hall Thecommrf-be lawful for the commiifioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Eng- fionersof the land and Scotland refpedively, and they are hereby authorifed, <ruftom8*ft. upon application made for that purpofe, and on proof to the fa- u^Sd^may1 tisfadion of the faid commiifioners, that the fugars in refped renew Yuch whereof the application is made remain unfold; to give three bond# for months farther time for the payment of the duties payable on tlu’ec mon*k$* any fuch fugars. Of upon any part of fuch fugars, in cafe the per-

fon

fees .and ftamp duties may be deduced from amount of . bonds.

* Aft not to extend to Ireland.

Continuance of aft.

fon making application (hall be defirous of paying the duties in part of fuch fugars, and in any fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the (aid commiffioners to take any new bond or bonds, and to permit tbe fugars, in refpeft whereof any fuch bond (hall be given, to remain in any warehoufe, under the provifions of this alt for fuch further period of three months; and if at the expiration of any fuch further period of three months the duties on fuch fugars, together with the intereft thereon, at the rate aforefaid oafuch duties (hall not be paid, it (hall be lawful for the (aid comm/T-fioners to fell (itch fugar for payment of the duties and intereft due thereon, and cofts and charges aforefaid, in like mannerasis herein-before direfted.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to deduft and retain out of the principal and intereft that may become due on any bond, to be taken in purfu-ance of the faid hereinbefore recited aft, parted in tbe thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign pf his prefent Majeftyorof this aft, the fees and damp duties that (hall have been paid on fuch bond.

IX.	Provided always, and be it hereby enafted, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to that part of the united kingdom called Ireland\ or to any fugar or coffee exported from Great Britain to Ireland.

X.	And be it further enacted. That this aft (hall, as to all the matters,and things herein contained relating to the paying and allowing any drawback or bounty under this aft, have continuance until the tenth day of May^ one thoufand eight hundred and two, for tbe ports of London and until the twentieth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and two, for other parts of Great Britain.

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE to which this Adi refers.

TABLE 6f Drawbacks and Bounties to be allowed and, paid under the Provisions of this AA.

T

Prices of brown or Mufccrvado fugar, at which drawbacks and bounties are payable*

Drawback tobeallowed on Algor of the Briti/h plantations in the fame Rate in which it was imported, and bounty on refined fugar called baftards, or ground or powdered fugar, or refined loaf fiigar bebken in pieces.

Bounty on other refined fugar in loaf, complete and whole, or lump duly refined.

If average price of brown or Mu/covado fugar, publHhed in the Gazette, (hall not exceed fifty-eight billings per cwU

If it (hall exceed fifty-eight {hillings, and not exceed fixty (hillings -	-

If if (hall exceed fixty (hillings, and not exceed fixty-two (hillings -	-

If it (hall exceed fixty-two (hillings, and not exceed fixty-four (hillings -If it (hall exceed fixty-four (hillings, and not exceed fixty-lix (hillings -If it (hall* exceed fixty-fix (hillings, and not exceed fixty-eight millings -	-

If it (hall exceed (ixty-eight (hillings, and not exceed feventy (hillings -If it (hall exceed feventy (hillings -	-	-

X*	1.
20	34
18	3*
16	*7
H	*4
12	20
10	*7
8	*3
Nothing.	NotUnf.

.A

All the above prices ace to be taken exdufive of the duties of cuftoms paid or payable on tfie importation of fugar.

And whereas returns taken previous to the paffing of this aSt may include the duties, all fuch duties (hall be deducted; the (aid returns (hall, in refpedt to the (chedule aforefaid, be fubjed to a dedu&ion of twenty (hillings per hundred weight, the duty now paid.

Vot.XLIIL	I	CAP*

CAP. XLV.

An act to continue until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and two, feveral laws pajfed in the parliament of Ireland, relating to the regulating and extending the tobauo trade, and securing the duties payable on tobacco ; to the coUefting and securing the duties upon malt\ to the securing the duties on auftions and glafs bottlesy and on paper printed, painted, or fiained to ferve for hangings; to the regulating the trade of ~ re ft ify ing fpirits and preventing frauds by reftifiersy to the further improvement of the fijheries on the coafts of Ireland; to the better colleftion of the duties on tanned hides and Jkins, and on vellum, and parchment; to the better regulating the granting of permits and certificates for the conveyance of excifedble goods \ to the regulating the payment of bounties on the exportation of certain manufaftures ; to the better securing the duties on licences to per-font engaged in certain trades \ to the better regulating the collection of his Majefiy's revenue, and preventing frauds therein; and to revive and continue until tbe'faid twenty-ninth day of September, an aft pajfed in the parliament of Ireland in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of bis prefent Majefiy's reign for granting annuities in manner therein provided.—[June 20, 180V.J

Preamble.

The following a&s of the parliament of Ireland, continued in force till Sept. 29, 1802, viz.

37 Geo. 3. c. 42. for regulating the tobacco trade, &c,;

W3EREAS it is expedient that feyerdl temporary afts made in Ireland for the better colleftion of his Majefiy’s revenues in that part of the united kingdom and for preventing frauds therein, Jhould be further continued; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons* in this prefent parliament aflembled; and -by the authority of the fame. That an a£t pafied in Ireland in the tfiirty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An act for regulating and extending the tobacco trade,, and for securing the duties payable upon the importation and manufafture of tobacco, which was to continue in force until the twenty-fourth' day of June one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to ihe end of the then next fefiion of parliament; and which was, by an ad palled in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, continued untiL the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament^ and by an palled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, further continued until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred, and from thence to the end ot the then ,next feflion of parliament; and which, by an ad pafied in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was amended and further continued until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, (hall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day oi.Seftem-her one thoufand eight hundred and two.

II. And

* Soi.] Anno itgni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c.45. 115

II. And be it enafted, That an aft pa fled in Ireland in the 37 Geo. 3. thirty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty's reign, intituled, An <7^? for coliefling and fe curing bis Majefly's revenue upon malty Avenue on* Which was to continue in force until the twenty-fourth day ofmait|

June one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from whence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which, by an aft pafled in the thirty^eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was continued until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and by an aft pafled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which was, by an ^ aft pafled in the fortieth year of bis Majefty’s reign, amended and continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, fhall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and two.. ‘

III.	And be it enafted, That an aft pafled in Ireland in the 38 Geo. 3.

thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, .A®***-*® . nfl to Jecure the collection of the duties On auflions9 and on glafs lot-	a*c_u’

ties made in this kingdom, and on paper printed, painted, or Jlained tion*, Sec,; in this kingdom, to ferve for hangings or other ufe$9 and to prevent

frauds therein, which was to. continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which, by another aft pafled in Ireland in the thirty- ’ ninth year of his faid Majefty’s reign, was continued until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand’ eight hundred; and * f . -which afts were by another aft pafled in the fortieth year of his prefent Majefty’s .reign continued until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, fhall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and two,

IV.	And be it enafted, That an aft pafled in Ireland in the 3* Geo. 3.

thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty's reign, intituled. An	trite

afl to regulate the trade of rectifying fpirits, and to prevent frauds Qf rectifying on his Majefy's revenue by rectifiers of fpirits, which was to con- fpirits, &c.; tinue in force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thou- ,

land seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to.the end of the then next feffion of parliamentand which, by another aft pafled in Ireland in the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty’s .reign, was continued in force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which by an aft pafled in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the .12	end

1x6 Anno regni quadragefitno primo Georgii III. c. 45. [1801.

end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and two.

36 Geo. s* V. And be it further enacted, That an aft pafled in Ireland extcnfion of *n tbirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, in-thefiiheriesof tituled. An act for the continuing and amending the feveral a£ts for the coaits, the further improvement and extenfion of the fijberies of the coajh of bee* i	this kingdom; and which, by another aft pafled in Ireland in the

fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was continued until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and two.

VI.	And be it enacted. That an aft pafled in Ireland in the fortieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for

the duties on *be better collection of alt duties on hides and Jkins tanned and ireffei hides, &c.f. in oil^ and on vellum and parchment, made in Ireland, and for preventing frauds on his Majeftfs revenue therein, which was to continue until the ttoenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be, 2nd the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hurfdred and two.

VII. And be it enafted, That air aft pafled in Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for better regulating the iffuing and granting of permits and certificates for the conveyance and protection of certain txcifeabk goods therein mentioned, and to prevent frauds by dealers in or r#-

40 Geo. 3. c. 9. for the collection of

40 Geo. c. 68. for granting permits for conveyance of excifeable

commodities,, toiler; of fuch goods, which was to continue in force until the *	twenty-ninth	day of September one thoufand eight hundred and

one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight huo-, dred and two.

40 Geo. %. VIII. And be it enafted. That an aft pafled in Ireland in the C* ribJfa the ^ort*et^ ycar	reign	of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An

payment of * for regulating the payment of bounties on the exportation of cer-v	tain manufactures of this kingdom, which was to continue pnt3

the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, (hall be, and the fame is hereby continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and two.

IX. And be it enafted. That an aft pafled in Ireland in* the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aCt for the better regulation of and securing the duties payable cn licences to perfons engaged in the fevered trades therein mentioned, and to hawkert and pedlars, and the duties on playing cards, and for securing the expences of dijlraining for the King*s rents, and for other purpofes, which was to continue in force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament,

(hall

bounties s

40 Geo. 3. c. 63. for securing the duties on licences, &c. j

* Soi.J Anno regni quadragcfimo prim? Georgii III. c. 46. 117

/Ball be, and the fame is hereby continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and two.

X.	And be it cnafted, That an aft palled in Ireland in the 40 Geo. 3. fortieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for	jfor

better regulating the collection of hie Majejly* s revenue* and for preventing of frauds therein* and for repealing an act made in the the revenue % tfcrty-nintb year of the reign of his prefent Majejly* intituled* * An and for continuing and amending feverai laws relating to his Majejly*s revenues* and for the more ejfeftuaUy preventing the frauds therein* and the feveral afts and Jlatutes which are mentioned* to be continued hy the fold aft•* * which aft is to continue in force until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one9 and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thouiand eight hundred and two.

XL And be it enafted. That an aft palled in Ireland \n the 13 sod 14 Geo. thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, iatnin^an intituled. An act to explain and amend an aft pajfedin this feffion for grants of parliament, intituled* 4 An act for granting annuities, in manner ing annuities therein provided,\ to fitch per fins as Jhall voluntarily fubferibe to- to certain fub* wards raising a fum not exceeding the fum of two hundred and fixty- *cnbcrg* five thoufand pounds•** which, by feverai fubfeauent afts, was continued in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, (hall, from and immediately after the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and (hall continue in full force and effeft,' from and immediately after the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand eight hundred and two. .

CAP. XLVI.

An act to render valid all afts done in execution of three feverai orders of his Majejly in council relating to bills of exchange drawn by perjons in Ruilia, and to freight of Rufiia, Swedilh, and Danim /hips.—'[June 20, 1801.]

WHEREAS his Majejly, by order in council* bearing date the Parable.

Jixteenth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and one, Order In ^ was pleafed to order that no bills drawn finer the tenth day of De-	°*

cember one thoufand eight hundred and one, by or on behalf of any * *	*

perfons being fubjefts of* or refiiing within the dominions of the emperor of Ruilia, Jhould be accepted or paid* without licence from one of his Majejly's principal Jecretaries of Rate* first had in that behalf* until further fignification of his Majejtfs pleafure* or until provifion Jhould be made in rejpeft thereof by a ft of parliament: and whereas his Majcfly was pleafed by another order in council* bearing date the twenty-eighth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and one, Jan. to order that no per Jon refidmg within his Majejly* s dominions fbould prefume to pay any money or bilk duo or payable to or on behalf of .

13	any

i

1x8 Anno regni quadragefimo pritno Georgii 111. c. 46. [18ot.

6ny perfon or perfons being JubjeCls or refuting within the dominions of the emperor of Ruffia, or of the kings of Denmark or Sweden. or any of them, for thy freight of merchandize imported in any Ruffian, Swedifh, or Danifh Jhip, which Jhould be detained under embargo, or which Jhould thereafter be brought into any of the ports of his Majeftfs dominionuntil bis Majejly's pleafure Jhould be further known, or until other provi/ion Jhall be made by law: and whereas his Majejiy was, by another order in council, bearing date ^oi^relatin * ftventeenth day of March one thoufand .eight hundred and one, to foils* of ^pltafed to order that the marjhal of the high court of admiralty, or exchange	his deputy, Jhould and might receive	all monies due for the freight of

drawn m	goods brought by any Ruffian, Swedifh, or Daniih Jhip detained os

fref^ht ofd t0 af°JefQl^ and alfo further to order that no goods Jhould thencforth Ruffian° be delivered out of any Ruffian, Swedifh, or Danifli Jhip detdrni Swedifh, and as aforefatd, until the freight Jloould be paid to the food marjhal, or Daniih fhips. his deputy j and that all monies received for freight as aforefatd, by the faid marjhal, or his deputy, Jhould forthwith be paid by him into the bank of England, in his own	name, and in that of the deputy

• * marjhal, there to remain until his	MijeJly's pleafure Jhould be fur-

ther known, or until other provifton be made by law in reJpeCi thereto: and whereas actions have been and may be brought againjl perfon: aliing in obedience to the faid orders, in, withholding the payment of bills and monies, and other demands, and in refpeCt of monies paid n the faid marjhal and deputy marjhal: and whereas it is expedient for the publick Jitvice that aCts done and to be done in obedience to fuch ' orders, Jhould be fanClioned by the authority of parliament, and the perfons obeying the fame Jhould be protected and indemnified; be it therefore enacted by the-King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the fords fpirituai and temporal, and ppmmons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame* That all perfonal adfcions or.fuits, or informations, and all profecutions and proceedings whatfoever which have been or (hall be profecuted or commenced againft any perfon or perfons fpjr or by reafon of any a£, matter, qr thing done or forborne to be done in relation to any of fuch bills as are therein described, or any freight not being paid, or of any contrail or agreement ppt performed by reafon or means of or in obedience to fuch orders, be, are, and fhall be dif-charged and made void by virtue of this a&; and tbit if any adtion or fuit (hall be profeCuted or commenced againft any per-ifon or perfons for or by reafon of any fuch a&, matter, or thing fo advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, or fqrborne to be done, or any fuch bill or freight not paid, or fuch contract or agreement not performed, he, (he, or they may plead the general iflue, and give this adt, and the fpecial matter in evidence j and if the plaintiff or plaintiffsin any action or fuit fo to be prq-fecuted or commenced after the first day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, in that part of Great Britain called Eng-land, and in Ireland, fhall become qonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fufter diContinuance, or if a verdidt pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendant (hall re-

- cover

Adtions ' againft any perfons for obedience to fuch orders made void, and defendants may plead the general iffye.

1801.] Anno regni quadragefinio primo Georgii III. c. 47. 119 .

cover his* her, or their double cofts, for which he, (he, or they Double cofts.

(hall have the like remedy as in cafes where cofts by law are

given to thp defendant; and if any fuch.adtion or fuit (hall be,

commenced or profecuted after the faid first day of March one

thoufand %eight hundred and one, in that part of Great Britain

called Scotland, the court, before whom fuch adlion or fuit (hall

be commenced or profecuted, (hall allow to the defender the

benefit of difcharge' and indemnity hereby provided, and (hall

further allow to him his double cofts of fuit in all fuch cafes a$

afore faid.

II. And be it further ena£ted. That if any a&ion or fuit hath Defendants been already commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any ™ay aPPj?to fuch aft, matter, or thing fo done or forborne to be done, on ftay^jceed-account of any fuch bill or freight not paid, or contra# or agree- ings, who lhall mem not performed, it (hall and may be lawful for the defen- make order dants or defenders in fuch a#ions or fuits refpe#ively, in whatever accordingly, courts ih Great Britain of Ireland fuch adlions or fuits (hall have doubl^coftu been commenced, to apply to fuch court or courts refpe#ively, to flay all proceedings therein refpeftively by motion in a fum-mary way; and fuch court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpofe accordingly; and the court or courts making fuch order (hall award and allow to the defendant or defendants refpe#ively double cofts of fuit, for which they (hall Tefpe&ively have the like remedy as in cafes where the cofts arc by law given to the defendants or defenders.

An all to amend and continue until the twenty-ninth day of Septem-* ber one thoufand eight hundred and two, an aft pajfed in Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled,

An a# for regulating the trade of a diftiller, and for securing the duties payable on home-made fpirits.—[June 20, 1801.]

WHEREAS an aft was pajfed in the parliament ^Ireland in Preamble, the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled,

An a# for regulating the trade of a diftiller, and for securing duties payable on home-made fpirits, which was to continue in of Ireland, force until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred 40 Geo. 3. and one, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parlia- c- *7. for mnl: an'd whereas by the faid aft it is enabled, that from and after^fjth* the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, diftiller, &c. no licence jhould be granted for the keeping of any fill for diftlllingxtdxtdu fpirits or f rang waters which Jhould not be capable of containing five hundred gallons; and that, until the faid twenty-fourth day of June, it Jhould be lawful for the chief commijjioners of his Majefy* s excife in Ireland) or any of-them, to grant licences for any fills of a content not lefs than two hundred gallons each: and whereas it may be necejfary to allow in Ireland the ufeoffills of a content not lefs than two hundred gallons each, in fuch cafes as bis Majefy9 s chief com* miffmers of excife in Ireland may think expedient; and it is necejfary to continue and amend the faid aft; be it therefore ezia&ed '	1

CAP. XLVII,

*4

no Anno regniquadragcfimoprlmoGEORGii III. c. 48. [1801,

King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fan:?, From June *4, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thou-S*n<S eight hundred and one, it (hall and may be lawful for not of excite in lefs than three of his Majefty’s commifiioners of excife in Ire-Ireland may land to grant any licence for any dill or ftills of a content not lefs than two hundred gallons each, to fuch perforvor perfons, for thus of a an(j jn fuch p]ace or pjaccs jn Ireland, being places where ftills may, by the faid recited ad, be licenfcd, as fuch commifficners (hall think proper, any thing in the faid ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

II* And be it enafted. That the faid recited ad, fo far as the fame is not altered by this ad, together with this ad, (hall continue in force until the twenty-ninth day of September one tbou-tiime in force fend eight hundred and two. till Sept. *9,	&

,Sos*	CAP.	XL VIII.

content not lefs than »oo gallons.

Recited aft, where not hereby altered, toxon-

jfn aft to continue until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and amend the Jeveral laws in Ireland to regulate the iffuing of licences for the Jale of wine, ale, beer, cider, and fpirituous liquors by retail, and for preventing the immoderate ufe of fpirituous liquors.—[June 20, 1801. J

Preamble, TTTHEREAS an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland in V V the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for continuing and amending the feveral laws for regulating the lifting of licences for the fale of wine, ale, beer, ^Hamentof . er* anc* fp*r*tuous liquors by retail, and for preventing the Ireland" * immoderate ufe of fpirituous liquors, which was to continue in 40 Geo. 3. force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight c. 54; for hundred and one, and no longer: and whereas it is expedient to can-continuing %{nue anj amend fa faij afl. therefore be it enacted by the King’s ixgulating the mo^ excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of ffluingofli- the lords' fpiritual and temporal, and Commons, in thrs prefent cencest &c. parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That recited, and the faid ad, and all the provinons therein contained, and in the Scpt!aofi8o2 a<^s thereby continued, (hall be, and are hereby further con-except as * tinued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand herein provi- eight hundred and two, except as herein-after is other wife decU	provided.'

After three II. And be it enaded, That, frpm and after the expiration , weeks from 0f three weeks from the pafling of this ad, no perfon in Ireland any Spirituous liquors by retail on a Sunday, and if any perfon in Ire- fpirituous liquors (hall be fold on a Sunday, every perfon fo fell-land lhall fell ing the fame, or on whofe behalf fuch fpirituous liquors (ball be fpirituous li- f0 fold, (hall forfeit and pay for. every offence the fum of five taiUna Sun- P°un<ki to be recovered on convidion before any juftice of the day, on penal- peace, and to be levied in the fame manner as any penalty may, tyof|!. by any of the faid ads, be levied by any juftice of the peace, and fuch penalty when levied (hall be paid one moiety to thr ufe

of

Soi.] Anno regni quadragefimo prime Georgit III. c. 49. 121 f the profecutoiy and the 01 her moiety to the churchwardens f the parifh in which the offence (hall have been committed for ic ufe of the poor of fuch parifh.

III.	And whereas by an act made in the thirty-feventh year of the tign of his prefent Majejly it is amongjl other things enafted., That, tjore any licence for the*Jali of fpiritueus liquors by retail\ Jhould be ranted to any perfon, fuch perjon Jhould enter into bond to his Ma-fy, bis heirs and fuccejfors, in the refpeftive fums therein mentioned,

\petitioned amongjl other things, that fuch perfon Jhould not fell Tb* bond gi-nrituous liquors on a Sunday, before a certain time therein limited, nd which time hath been further retrained by the faid aft pajfed in qco. % r. 41-be fortieth year of the reign of his faid Majefly, be it ena&ed, f. 10, before That it (hall be a part of the condition of every fuch bond as anY lic5TJ5e,j,c iforefaid, that the perfon to be licenfed (hall not fell any fpiritu- f^ntain thc 3us liquous by retail on a Sunday, at whatever part of the day condition that the fame may be done, and that all words by the faid ads, or the perfon my of them, directed to be inferred in the cpndition of fuch licenfed (hall bonds, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad,

[hall no longer be inferted therein, any thing in the faid alls, or time of the7 anv of them, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.	day on a

Sunday.

CAP. XLIX.

An act to indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfehes for offices or employments in Ireland according to law.—[June 20, 1801.]

TT 7 HE RE AS feveral perfons, well affeftsi to his Majejly* s Preamble.

V V government and to the united church of England and Ireland, have, through ignorance of the law neglefted, or been, by fichefs or other unavoidable caufes, prevented from taking and fub~

Jcribing the declaration, and from receiving the facrament of the Lords fupper, and delivering a certificate thereof, according to the direflions of an aft pajfed in the parliament of Ireland in the fecond year of the reign of her late majejly ^ueen Anne, intituled. An act Ad of the to prevent the further growth of popery j therefore, be it •^Exsr'*' by the King s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice 2 ^nnae. c.6. and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the perfons fame, That all perfons, who have incurred any penalty or in- le&ingtoqua* capacity, in the faid recited ad mentioned, by negleding to lify them. qualify themfelves according to the faid ad, (hall be and are felv*8 hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged from all incapacities, recited aft dilabilities, penalties, and forfeitures incurred by reafon of fuch (hall be in/ omiflion or negled as aforefaid, and that no ad done by any of demnified; them, not yet avoided, (hall be queftioned or avoided by reafon provided they of fuch omiffion or negled; but that all fuch ads (ball be and mdfoblSfa i are hereby declared to be as good and effectual as if fuch perfons the declara-j refpedively had taken and fubferibed the faid oaths, and received tion thereby j the faid facrament, and delivered the certificate thereof, and appointed,©* made, repeated, and fubferibed the faid declaration at fuch time, Match ^as,

place, xSoa.

any other JP^foo-

122 Anna regni quadragefimo prlmo Georg 11 III. c. 50. [1801.

place, and manner as in the (aid act is mentioned, any thing in the faid a£t to the contrary notwithftanding: provided always, That fuch perfon or perfons do and (hall take and fobferibe the faid oaths, and make, repeat, and fuhfcribe the faid declaration in fuch manner and form, and in fuch place ot places refpec-tively, as arc tiire&ed and appointed by the faid recited alt, on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two.

Bnt this alt H. Provided always, That this all, or any thing herein con-axrvrerfon to taine<^> (hall not e*ten(l to reftore or entitle any perfon or any office ai- perfons to any office or employment already actually avoided by ready avoided judgement in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin, or ^yi^dgement, al,eady filled up by any other perfon or perfona 5 but that W office or employment (hall be and remain in the perfon or ptr-fons who is or are now entitled by law to the fame, as if to all had not been made.

CAP. L.

An a& for granting to his Mnjefiy a certain fum of money for defraying the charge of the workhoufe and foundling hospital in Dublin, for the year one thoufand eight hundred and one; end for amending an aft) faffed in the parliament of Ireland, in the ' fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majejty, intituled, An alt for the better management, fupport, and maintenance of the foundling hospital in Dublin j and for amending and further continuing an alt, pafled in the thirty^-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, * An alt for the better management of the workhoufe and foundling hospital ia Dublin—[June 20, 1801.]

Molt gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.	your	Majefty’s	mod	dutiful	and	loyal	ftibje&s,	the

VV commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament aflembled, having granted to your Ma, jefty a certain fum of money for defraying the charge of the foundling hospital in Dublin, for the year one thoufand eight hundred and one, do mod humbly befeech your Majedy that it may be enalled, and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and* temporal,* and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That out of any monies granted for the fupply of the prefent year for the service of Ireland, there (hall and may be iflued and paid, at the receipt of the exchequer in Ireland, to the governors of the workhoufe and foundling hospital in Dublin, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding the fum of thirteen thoufand eight hundred and forty-fix pounds three (hillings and one penny Aerling, being fifteen thoufand pounds Irifb currency, for defraying the charge of the faid workhoufe and foundling hospital, for the year one thoufand eight hundred and one.

lL M

There (halt be iffued from the Irifli exchequer to thp governors ot the workhoufe and foundling hospital in Dublin *3,8461.38. id. sterling, for defraying the charge thereof, for the year 1801.

1801.] Arnio regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c.50. 123

II. And whereas by an ail pajfed in the parliament of Ireland, Act of the 'n the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, P^^ent A.n ad for the better management, fupport,' and maintenance of	coj*

the foundling hospital in Dublin; and for amending and further continuing an ad, paffed in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majcfty’s reign, intituled, 4 An ad'for the better management of tne workhoufe and foundling hospital in Dublin,/ nine feveral perfons therein named,\ together with the chancellor of his Majeffs exchequer in Ireland ft* the time being* were conflicted governors of the /aid workhoufe and foundling hospital in Dublin, with fucb pewers and Jubjeii to fuel/ removal as therein fpecified: and whereas it is expedient that the number of governors of the faid workhoufe end foundling hospital Jhould be increafcd j therefore be it enabled,

That it (hall and may be lawful for the governors of the faid Five gorer-workhoufe and foundling hospital in the faid ad named, or any nor8 °» five or more of them, at a meeting or meetings to be held for that purpofe* to eled three other fit and proper perfons to be hofp.tal may, governors of the faid workhoufe and hospital; and every fuch at a meeting, perfon fo elected, (hall be a governor of the faid workh-oufe and ded three hospital and a merrtber of the corporation, and (hall from otheTS» thenceforth have the fame power and authority in all matters relating to the laid workhoufe and hospital as any governor in the faid ad named.

III. And, in order to keep up a number of governors of the faid workhoufe and hospital, be it enaded, That, frpm time to time, and[in cafeoff upon the death, refignation, or removal of any of the faid three d^ath, perfons who (hall be fp eleded, the other furviying or remain- &c.Sothcn|, ing governors (five at lead being prefent) (hall, at a meeting or (hail in like meetings to be held for that purpofe, eled fome fit and proper manner be perfons to be a governor or governors in the place and dead of the governor or governors dying, or .refigning, or becoming e.11 ea vacant; and every perfon who (hall be fuccefiively eleded (hall thenceforth have the fame power and authority as any other governor of the faid workhoufe and hospital: provided always.

That no perfon who (hail be eleded a governor, in purfuance Noeledion of the powers in this ad, Ihall be capable of ading as fuch un- va“d lefs he (hall have been approved of by the lord lieutenant, or lord other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being; lieutenant, and where fuch approbation (hall not be made, the election of fuch perfon (hall be void; and every pedbn who (hall be eleded ihall be fuhjed to fuch removal as by the faid ad is authorifed, in refped of the governors therein named.

IV,	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may belaw-%The gover-ful to and for the governors of the faid workhoufe and foundling	***"

hospital, out of, any funds appropriated by any ad or ads of irifli cur-parliament heretofore made, or other wife, for the maintenance rency, to be and fupport of the faid hospital, to dired any fum of money, not Paid a8 a re: exceeding four hundred pounds Irijh currency, to be paid to any of their officers,or fervants, as a reward for any fervices rendered to the faid workhoufe and hospital.

CAP,

1*4 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 51. [1801

Preamble.

Portugal wine

C A P.‘ LI.

An act to permit Portugal wine to be landed and warehoufed with* out payment of duties, under certain rejlriftions^ for a limited time.—[June 20, l8oi.J

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow Protugal wine to he warehoufed for a limited time, and under certain regular tionsy on the importation thereof; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and cod-lor^s fp*ri*ual ^nd temporal, and commons, in this irrrported after prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, May 151 1801, That all fuch Portugal wine as Ihall be imported into the united dixt&ly from kingdom, from and after the fifteenth day of May one thou&nd Bdtlftffti/ps right hundred and one, diredlly from Portugal in Britijb /hips, or velTds be- or vefTels belonging to perfons of any kingdom or ftate in amity longing to with bis Majefty, however the fame may be navigated, or in oerfonsofany veffels authorifed by any order of his Majefty in council for that amity with purpofe, into fuch ports in the united kmgdomasare mentioned “* -- ■ - and enumerated in this a&9 may, upon the entry thereof being first duly made with the proper officers of the cuftoms and ex-. cife, be landed from on board the fhip or veflel in which the pw^enumc!* ^ame ^ril be imported, and depofited in fuch warehoufe or rated in this^ warehoufes as (hall from time to time be for that purpole provided at the charge of the refpe&ive importer or importers, or proprietor or proprietors, of fuch wine, before the payment of any duty, either of cuftoms or excife, thereon, under and fub* je& to the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, in this aft contained.

ll. And be it further enacted. That every fuch warehoufe (hall be approved of by the refpe&ivc commiffioners of thecuf-cuftoms^an^toms an<^,exc^e *n England^ Scotland, and Ireland, if in London, excife, and	Leith,	or Dublin, and if in any other port or place, then by the

proper collector and comptroller of the cuftoms, and collectors and fupervifors of excife at fuch port or place; and fufficient bonds or fecurity, in double the value of the duties of cuftoms payable on the importation of fuch wine in BritiJh-huWt (hips or veflels, (hall be given to the colle&ors of the cuftoms, and the like bond or fecurity, in double the value of the duty of excife, to the proper officers of excife, who (hall be appointed or employed to take the fame in his Majefty’s name; which bonds or Securities fuch collators and officers refpedtively are hereby empowered and required to take, that all and every the duties of cuftoms and excife refpe&ively, to which fuch wine is or may be fubjeft and liable, (hall be duly paid before the fame {hall be taken from or removed out of any fuch warehoufe, and within two years after the time the fame (hall be fo landed and depofited in any fuch warehoufe as aforefaid ; and in cafe the fame fhall not be taken from or removed out of fuch warehoufe within fuch two years, then that the faid duties (hall be duly#paid at the end of fuch two years; fuch duties to be computed according to the

gauge

his Majefty. or authorifed by order in

xd, may be landed and warehoufed, before payment of any duty.

Warehoufes fhall be ap-

bonds in double the duties given for payment thereof, before the wine is removed, and within two years after landing.

* So x.] Aono regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 51. 125

jg^aus^e of fuch wine, to be taken at the time the fame (hall be fo landed and put into fuch warchoufes as aforefaid.

Ill- Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no No wines to wines (hall be landed, without payment of duties, or be ware- bc. landed, houfed under the authority of this a&, except at one of the ment°of cluty under-mentioned ports, (that is to fay), London, Liverpool, except at ccr-L&ncajler, Briflol, Hull, Chefler, Golcbejler, Exeter, Plymouth, tain ports, Southampton, Weymouth, Gloucefler, Poole, Portfmouth. Great J101* any aJ* Yarmouth,	Dover, Newcajlle, Falmouth,	Dartmouth, Ipfwich,	of thfc

J^Tezvhaven, Rochejler,	Aberdeen, Greenock, /W Glafgow, a&, which

Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, Belfafl, Galway, Limerick, (hall not aria	,	Cork, Waterford,	Afrzt/	To ugh all, or dve before

/orrf; nor (hall any importer or importers, or proprietor or pro-	be°f*

prietors of any fuch wine, which (hall not arrive at the port of ma(jeappear importation in Gratf Britain or Ireland refpe&ively before the that it was eighteenth day of Auguft one thodfand eight hundred and one, Ihipt:in Por-be allowed the benefit of this a&, or be permitted to land an^ i 1S01 warehoufe his or their wine, before payment of the duties, unhfs and it be * the importer or importers, or proprietor or proprietors thereof, landed before ftvall makfe it appear to the fatisfadion of the refpe&ive commif- Nov. i, 1801, fioners of the cuftoms in England, Scotland, and Ireland, rcfpec-tively, as the cafe may be, that the wine which (hall be entered mentioned, for or propofed tobewarehcmfed under the authority of this a6t, was actually and bond fide (hipped in Portugal for importation into Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the first day of Augujl one thoufand eight hundred and one, nor unlefs fuch importer or importers, or proprietor or proprietors (half actually land and depofit, before the first day of November one thoufand eight hundred and one, and in one or more warehoufe or warehoufes approved as aforefaid, either in London, or at one of the before enumerated ports, the quantities of wine herein-after mentioned, that is to fay; if in London not lefs than two hundred pipes or reputed pipes of Portugal red wine, or fifty pipes or reputed pipes of Portugal white wine, if at any one of the other before enumerated ports, except the ports of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, not lefs than one hundred pipes of Portugal red wine, or twenty five pipes or reputed pipes of Portugal white

IV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it fhalJ ^V^cifted1 be lawful for any fuch importer or importers, proprietor or pro-quantities of prietors of any fuch wine, to import and depotit in any fuch wine mav be warehoufe, any lefs quantities than are by this a& fpecified as the depoftted, ■ quantities to be depofited by the fame perfon, provided that whole quantity required by this a& (hall be depofited purfuant pofited within to the provifions of this a St, within the pcripd limited by this the time a& for the importation of fuch wine: provided alfo. That in the whole quantity required by this atft (hall not be depofited by ^terwtfe°jt* any fuch importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, before may be fold fuch period as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the full duties of for payment cuftoms and excite, payable-on fuch wine, (hall be immediately duties, payable and paid ; and in cafe of non-payment of fuch refpe&ive

'	duties.

ti6 Anno regnl quadragefimo primo GeorcJii IlLc. 5J.

duties, the refpedtive commiflioners of cuftotns and excife are hereby authorised to fell all fuch wine, and apply the produce of fuch fale in like manner as by this adt diredted, with refpedfc to wine that fhall remain in any warehoufe the full time allowed bv this any thing in this adt or any other adl to the contrary .	.	thereof	notwithftanding.

withwine And lt ^urt^er enadted, That if any fhip or veflel has at a port not arrived, or fhall arrive at any port in Great Britain or Ireland^ herein enume- not in this adt enumerated, the faid Ihip or veflel may lawfully rated, may re- depart from fuch port without moleftation-or hindrance, with ^There°land an^ w*ne on k°ard *ntcnded t0 warehoufed under the regula-° lions of this adt, and carry the fame to any port or place mentioned and enumerated in this adt, and there enter? land, and deliver any fuch wine, under and fubjedt to the provifions, regulations, and reftridlions of this adt*

VI.	And be it further enadted. That before any pipe or caflc of wine (hall be put or depofited in any fuch warehoufe a§ afore-faid, the number and full content thereof fhall, at the charge of the importer or importers, or proprietor or oroprietors thereof, be cut in the head of every fuch pipe or cafk, under the infpec-

.ke cut in tion and according to the diredtion of the proper officers of the e ea * cuftoms and excife refpedtively.

VII.	Provided always. That nothing in this, adt contained fhall extend; or be conitrued to extend, to repeal, or in anywife alter the duties of package, fcavage, balliage, or portage, or any other duties payable to the mayor, and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or to the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being, or to any other city or town corporate, within •the kingdom of Great Britain, or to repeal or anywife alter the prifage of wines, the duty called Butlerage, of to any fpecial privilege or exemption to which any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, is or are now entitled by law, but the fame fhall be continued as heretofore.

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That every fuch warehoufe

......... fhall be fecured under the joint locks of the proprietor or occu-

joint locks of pier thereof, and of the proper officer of excife, if in Great firi-the proprietor tain, or other proper officer, if in Ireland; and that when and and the pro- fQ 0ften as the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors

of any fuch wine, (hall have occafion or be defirous to examine the ftate of any fuch- wine, or to rack the fame, or to perform any other lawful operation thereon, fuch importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, upon giving twe)ve hours notice

it*

Before any cafk of wine is warehouse), the number and content

Aft not to alter the duties of package, Jcc.

Warehoufes to be fecured under the

per officer, and may be entered into on notice to the .proper officer, be-

tween certain writing to the proper officer of excife, if in Great Britain, or hours. other proper officer, if in Ireland\ fpecifyiog the particular warehoufe, and the purpofe for which he defires to enter the fame, (hall be at liberty, either by himfelf or any known fervants or agents, to enter into any fuch warehoufe, and to examine, or rack or perform any other lawful operation on fuch wine: provided, That no perfon whatever (hall enter or remain in any fuch warehoufe, except between the hours of eight in the forenoon and four in the afternoon, and except in the prefence of

the

i8oi.] Ailno ttgtii quadragefimo pH mo GeOrgii 111. c.$t; tif

the proper officer of excife, if in Great Britain, or other proper officer, if in Ireland; and fuch officer, upon receiving fiich no* Not more tice as aforefaid, is hereby required to open fuch warehoufe, and than one attend the examination, racking, or other operation to be per-formed upon fuch wine accordingly: provided not Snore than any^JJ5pnct^ one warehoife belonging to any fuch importer or importers, or to be opened proprietor or proprietors, be opened'at one and the fame time ; at the lame any thing herein to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding. time.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That as foon as any wine (hall, in any fuch warehoufe as aforefaid, have been racked or drawn off

from one pipe or cafk into any other pipe ’or calk, the proper off into ano-officer of excife, if in Great Britain, or other proper officer, if in ther calk, the Ireland, (hall immediately proceed to gauge, afcertain, and take account of the content of every fuch pipe or cafk, and of the ^un^of the quantity of wine contained in the fame; and the importer or im- content, and porters, dr proprietor or proprietors of fuch wine; fhall there- theproprie-upon cut, or caufe the number ancf content thereof to be cut, in ^ cut the head of every fuch pipe or cafk, under the infpe&ion, and aiKiconteitf» according to the diredtion of fuch officer.	the head.

X.	And be k further enabled, That ft fhall and may be lawful Calks of wine to and for the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors of may be filled any wine fd put or depofited in any fuch warehoufe as aforefaid; uphfroni*?f at any time before payment of duty for the fame, to caufe any {lunt^nd of ullage, pipe or cafk of wine, to be filled up in the prefence of the wine in pre-proper officer of excife, if in Great Britain, or other proper offi- fence of the cer,\fin Ireland, from any other pipe or cafk of the famefpecies proper officer, of wine, which fhall be then remaining in filch warehoufe. -

XI.	And be it f irther enabled, That it (hall and may be law-

ful for the importer or importers, or ^proprietor or proprietors of fe^fng^vdne, any fuch wine fo warehoufed as aforefaid, to lodge and depofit may herein any fitch warehoufe, at anytime dr times, fiich'quantity of pouted iif foreign brandy as (hall be deemed  necessary to* preferve or im-prove the wine depofited therein, not exceeding in the whole qJan_Ccr~ the proportion-of eight gallons of fuch brandy for each and every tities7 if ac-p\pe or reputed pipe of wine that (ball be put or depofited in fuch companied^ warehoufe: provided always. That all fuch brandy ihaU be ac-companied with a regular and authentic excife permit, and that degrecof the fame fhall not be of any lower degree of ftrength than that of ftrength. one to fifteen over hydrometer proof.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be law- A certain por-fu! for the importer or importers,'or proprietor or proprietors of b^ndv mav any fuch wine fo depofited in any filch warehoufe or warehoufes be mixed with as aforefaid, at any time during which the faid wine may law- warehoufed fully remain in any fuch warehoufe, without payment of the duty wine inprc-thereon, to mix a certain portion of fuch brandy as aforefaid

therewith, not exceeding eight gallons of fuch brandy to each ° cen pipe or reputed pipe of fuch wine; provided always, That fuch mixture be made in the'prefence, and taken account of by the proper officer of excife, if in Great Britain, or other proper offi- * cer, if in Ireland.	4 >	~

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no perfon or perfons

whatever, fhall' he permitted to receive, remove, or take out of “°ufed W10C

any

to be taken

Duties to be paid according to the quantity taken out at

128 Anno regni quadragefimo p'rimo Gborgii III. c. 51. f i8oi«

out, except in any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, except in- that part of the Ireland,mlefa unjtcj kingdom caHed Inland, any lefs quantity than ten pipes, ten pipes, *** or rePut*d pipes of fuch wine at any one time, fave and except fuch quantity as may happen to remain in any fuch warehouse to be laft delivered; in which cafe it-(hall and may be lawful for any perfon, being legally entitled to the fame, to receive, re* move, or take the fame from or out of any fuch warehouse, although- the quantity thereof (hould not, in the whole, be equal to ten pipes, or reputed pipes,

XIV,	And be it further ena&ed, That the duties for all wine, warehoufeff under the authority of this a<5t,’(hall he computed and paid according to the quantity delivered or taken away from —— — any fuch warehoufe, without any deduction or, abatement for or jmdou?o?the*n re*Pe^ of any brandy which may or (hall have been mixed duties on the with any fuch wine, or for or in refpe&of any fediment, lees, Uftquantity, a bottoms, or dregs of wine or otherwife, any thing in this aft deduction to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding: provided always. That, out of the duties of cuftoms and excife for the laft quan-quantity of tity of wine which (hall remain to be delivered from or out of brandy mixed any fuch warehoufe, there (hall be deduced the duties on fo with the many gallons of wine as (ball be equal to the quantity of brandy taken account of by the proper officer as having been mixed in his prefence with the whole .quantity of wine, which, under the authority and dire&ion, and according to the regulations of this alt, (hall have been put or depofited in any fuch warehoufe, and mixed with fuch wine as aforefaid. ers of cuftoms	lt	^urt^r	cna&ed,	That	if, on clearing any fuch

and exdfe warehoufe as aforefaid, it (hall appear to the. commiffioners of may allow the cuftoms and excife reipe&ively, from the returns or reports of aftowtof die officers of excife, that by unavoidable leekage and wafte, and defidcncyby ^ fediment, lees, bottoms, or dregs of wine, for which the im-wafteandre- porter or importers, proprietor or proprietors (hall refufe or dc-fufed dregs, dine to pay the. duties, there is an altuai deficiency of the of the quan- quantity of wine depofited in any fuch warehoufe, according to wwhoufed t*lc 8au8®	refpeltive	officers	on	the landing and at die

not exceedingtime °* depofiting the wine in fuch warehoufe, adding to a certain pro- fuch gauged quantity and including therewith the quantity of portion* brandy a&ually and bond fide mixed with fuch wine as aforefaid;

that then and in every fuch cafe the refpe&ive commiffioners of cuftoms and excife (hall, and they are hereby empowered and re-. quired to fet off or allow to the importer or importers, or proprietor or proprietors of fuch wine, a fum equal to the amount of the duties of cuftoms and excife refpe&ively, for the deficiency: provided always. That no allowance (hall be made beyond the deficiency which (hall have altually and unavoidably happened or occured through leekage or wafte and refuted fediment, lees, bottoms, or dregs of wine; nor (hall any allowance be made on account of leekage, wafte, or refufed fediment, lees, bottoms, or dregs of wine, beyond or exceeding the proportion of five gallons in every one hundred and forty gallons of the whole quantity of wtnc^ computed upon die office?* gauge, that

(hall

whole*

Commiffion-

i Soi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii IH. c.129

Ihall have been put or depofited in any fuch warehoufe as afore*

/aid. .

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any refufed fedi-

merit, lees, bottoms, or dregs of wine, {hall remain in arty fuch remldnafter warehoufe, after all the duties chargeable for the wine {hall be au duties are paid, or after the expiration of two years from the time fuch wine paid, or after {hall have been put or depofited in fuch warehoufe, then and ycars in fuch cafe it {ball be lawful for the commiflioners of excife, hou^nz^he and they are hereby required and directed to caufe all fuch fe- wine, they diment, lees, bottoms, or d/egs of wine to be forthwith thrown maybede* away and entirely dtftroyed.	ftroycd.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That when the importer Importer to

or importers, or proprietor or proprietors of any wine depofited fJ^y ofcer* in any fuch warehoufe as aforefaid, (hall be defirous of paying tain particu-the duties on fuch wine, he or they (hall give to the colle&ors lars to the of the ciiftoms and excife refpe&ively, an entry in writing, fpe- colledors of cifying the number of the pipes or calks, and number of, and andexc^e*of alfo'the quantity of wine contained in each, for which he or	for

they (hall intend or propofe to pay the duties; and every fuch which the du-entry, before, prefented to the faid collectors refpeCtively (hail be ticJ! Pr°-counterfigned by the proper officer of excife, if in Great Britain, whidi or other proper officer, if in Ireland, who (hall be appointed or fhall’be prcvi, employed to attend the warehoufe in which the wine for which oudy counter* the duty (hall be proppfed to be paid, (hall be put or depofited, figned by the and thereupon the refpecli.ve collectors aforefaid (hall compute f^^hJware-and receive the duties refpe&ivply, and (hall, without fee or re- hcnife;andthe ward, feverally grant and give to the importer or importers, colle&ors proprietor or proprietors of fuch wine, a warrant expreffing the fta11 g™1 a numbers of the pipes or calks of wine, and the quantity of wine contained in each, and in the whole, for which the full duties for which the (hall have been paid; and upon the production of fuch warrants, duties (hall the proper officer of excife, if in Great Britain, or other proper he paid, on officer, if in Ireland, having charge of the warehoufe in which a per? the wine fpecified in fuch warrants (hall be lodged or depofited, mit (hall be* (hall fiiffer and allow the fame to be delivered and taken away, granted, and the proper officer of excife, if in Great Britain, or other

proper officer, if in Inland* lhall alfo give and grant to the per* fon or perfons entitled to take away and receive fuch wine, a regular and authentic permit for the fame.	Officers on

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the proper officers ofs\vin^onc

the cuftoms and excife. (hall, at all times, upon giving one flour’s hour's notice notice to the proprietor or occupier, of any fuch warehoufe, be at any permitted to have free accefs and entry into the fame, and lhall 3™**^* ®“ alfo be permitted to examine, gauge, and take account of the the wine, &c. wine, brandy, or other articles or commodities therein.	in warehoufe.

XIX.	And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon or perfons Penalty of

whatever (hall wilfully open,'break, force, or damage any lock aool.forQpcn-or locks, or other fattening to or upon any fitch warehoufe as c"fn^incly aforefaid, or (haU clandeftinely or privately enter or gain admit- entering tance into any fitch warehoufe, contrary fe, the directions and warehouses, the true intent	this	aft,.or without notice to

VQJ..XUIJ,	K	'	andwmcor?raa*

130 Anno regm quadragdimo prime Georgii III. c. 51. [iScji.

dy.orcon- and without the content and pretence of the proper ^officer of cxc*^e» *n Great Britain, or other proper officer, if in Ireland; wa * c* or if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall privately or fraudu-lenly embezzle, hide, conceal, remove, carry, or convey away any wine or brandy put or depofited in any fitch warehoufe, or (hall carry or convey into or conceal in any fuch warehoufe any water or other liqour whatfoever, fuch brandy as aforefaid excepted, every perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fom of two hemdred pounds, to mot^han XX. And be it further enacted, That all wine, not being - two years iw actual fediment, lees, bottoms, or dregs of wine, which (hall be Warehoufet remaining in any warehoufe, after the end and expiration of (hall be fold, two years from the day on which the fame {ball have been firff put and depofited therein, (ball, under the direction of the' comas herem ii- tniflioners of excife, be publickly fold to the beft bidder, forand retted j and if towards defraying the duties, cofts, and charges; and the pro-inefficientto ceeds of fuch fale (halt be applied and paid as follow*; that is tfe^&^the1" 10 out ^uc*1 Proccc<^8 thcre (hall be first paid the cofts deficiency an<J charges attending the cuffodv and fale of the faid wine; fe-fhall be paid condly, out of the fatd proceeds "(hall be paid to the refpeftive by the import- collectors of cuftoms fo much money as will be fufficient to -orproprie- fatjsf« the cuftom duties for and in refpeft of fuch wine; and wine. e thirdly, out of the faid proceeds (ball be paid to the refpeftive collectors of excife fo much money as will be fufficient to fatisfy the excife duties for and in refpeft of fuch wine; and laftly, the overplus (if any be) (hail be paid to the importer or importers, or proprietor or proprietors of foch wine; but if the proceeds of the fale of fuch wine (haU not, in each and every cate, be fuffi-cient to fatisfy the whole duties, both of cuftoms and excite, and alfo the cofts and charges of the cuftody and tele thereof, then and in fuch cafe the amount of fuch deficiency (hall be fatisfied and paid Sy the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors of fuch wine.

Thecommif- XXI. And be it further enacted, That it (hall and maybe cuftomsand ■	to	anc* f°r die commiffioners of the cuftoms and.excift

excife may refpeftively, in England9 Scotland, and Ireland refpeftively, to forbear to put forbear, it they (hall fee caufe fo to do, to put in fuit any bond bonds iufuit. by this aft direfted to be given or entered into, upon fuch terms and conditions as to the faid refpeftive commiffioners (hall teem meet.	j

Penalty erf _ XXII. And be it further enaded, TJiat if any perfon lhail | mr or alter-8" counterfeit, forge, or alter, or caufe to be counterfeited, forged, ingany entry, or altered, any entry, warrant, of permit, in any cafe in which ; * warrant, or an entry, warrant, or permit is by this ad required to be ufed, J permit. given, or granted, every perfon fo offending lhail forfeit five hundred pounds.

Penalty of XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or per-r °f.* whatfoever (hall refift, oppofe, moleft, hinder, or obftruft fleers 'in8the* any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, in the due execu-execution of tion of this tft,«vety fitch perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, j this aft.	for every fuChftffMWrdwfeit the fum of two- hundred pounds.

XXIV.	And

*8ot.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Gb6rgii III. c. 52. 131 XXIV: And b.6 it further ena&ed, iThat all fines, penalties, Recovery and and forfeitures impofed by this adt, in relation to the duties of ^0 excife, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by fuch ™ ways, means, or methods as. any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered,' levied, or mitigated by any law or Jaws of excife, or by a£!ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfier, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpedtively ; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture fliall be tQ his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to him or them who will inform, difeover, or fue for the fame.

CAP. LII.

An act for declaring what perfons /ball be difabled from fitting and voting in the houfe of commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and alfo far carrying into ejfeft% part of the fourth article of the union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what cafes perfons bolding offices or plates of profit under the crown of Ireland, /hall be incable of being members of the houfe ef commons of the parliament of tfie faid united kingdom.—[June 20, 1801.]

WHEREAS by an aft% made in the feffion of parliament held in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a£t for the union of Great Britain and Ireland^ it was among]! other things provided*, That the faid kingdoms g/Great Britain and Ireland Jbould, upon thefirfi day ofJanuary in the year ofour Lord one thou fond eight hundred and one, and for ever after, be united into one kingdom, by the name of The United Kingdom of Great Bri• tain and Ireland; and that the faid united kingdom Jbould be repre-fented in one and the fame parliament, to be filed The Parliament of the United Kingdom of. Great Britain and Ireland: and whereas it is expedient fully to declare in what cafes perfons are and Jball be difabledfrom, or incapable oft fitting and voting in the houfe of commons of the faid parliament of the faid united kingdom: be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament of the faid united kingdom aflembled, and'by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this a&, all perfons difabled from or incapable of been eiedted, or fitting and voting in the houfe of commons of any parliament of Great Britain, (Hall be difabled from and be incapable of being ele&ed, or fitting and Voting in the houfe of commons of any parliament of the united kingdom, as knights, citizens, or burgefles, for any county, ftewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place, in that part of the united kingdom called Great Britain•

II. And be it further ena&ed. That from and after the pafling of this act, all perfons difaoled from or incable of being eleded, or fitting and voting in the houfe of commons of any parliament of Ireland, (hall be disabled from and be . incapable of being

K 2	elected

Preamble.

59 Sc 40 Geo. 3. c. 67.

All perfons difabled from fitting in Bii-tifh parliaments ihall be difabled from fitting in the united parliament as members for Great Britain.

All perfons difabled from fitting in Irifh parliaments, (hall be di(-

i$i Anno regni quadragefimo prime Georgii III. c. 51. £1801. abled from fit-ele&ed, or fitting and voting in the houfe of commons of any land ^IrC" parliament of the united kingdom, as knights, citizens, or bur-gefles* for any county, city, borough, town, or place, in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland.

^buTh ^ HI* Provided neverthelefs, That nothing In this acl (hall be Britifh fta- conftfued to enable perfons, heretofore difablcd by any adfc of lutes, (hall the parliament of Great Britain from fitting and voting in the not hereby be houfe of commons of Great Britain, to fit or vote in the houfe enabled to lit of commons of the faid parliament of the faid united kingdom, norecontr*. *s knights, citizens, or bargefles for any county, city, borough, town, or place in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland; nor to enable perfons, heretofore difabled by any a<3s of the par* liament of Ireland from fitting and voting in the houfe of commons of Ireland, to fit or vote in the houfe of commons of the parliaments of the faid united kingdom, as knights, citizens, or burgefies, for any. county, ftewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place, in that part of the united kingdom called Great Britain.

IV. And whereat by the faid aft for the union of Great Britain and Ireland, it was amongfl other things provided* Xhat u until an aft Jhall have pajfed in the parliament of the united kingdom,* providing in what cafes perfons holding offices or places of profit under the crown of Ireland Jhall be incapable of being members of the houfe of commons of the united kingdom* no greater number of members than twenty holding fuch offices or places as aforefaid* Jhall be capable of pc h ftU*nI *n foM houfe of commons of the united kingdom;** be it ftaU?old cer- therefore further ena&ed, That, from and after thediflolution or tain places in other determination of this prefent parliament, no perfon or perfons Ireland, (hall who (hall by himfelf or his deputy, or any other in truft for him, be difabled or for benefit, take, hold, enjoy or execute, or continue to M^future8in hold, enjoy, or execute, any of the offices, employments, or parliament of places of profit herein-after mentioned, in or for that part of the the united united kingdom called Ireland* (hall be capable of being elected kingdom, viz. or chofen a member of or of fitting or voting as a member of the houfe of commons of any parliament of the faid united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* in any parliament which (hall hereafter be fummoned and holden; (that is to fay).

CohunJIfion-ers of cuf-toms, excite, and damps,

&c.

Except trea-fury.

Commiflion-■ ers of appeals.

Commiffion-ers of accounts.

No perfon who (hall be commiflioner of cuftoms, excife* or ftamps, or who (hall be concerned, diredly or indire&ly, in the farming, colle&ing, or managing any of the Turns or money, duties, or other aids, heretofore granted, or which (hall hereafter be granted by any a& of parliament to his Majefty, his heirs or fueceflors (except the commiffioners of the treafury and their fe-cfetary):

Nor any perfon who (ball be a commiflioner for determining appeals concerning the faid duties of cuftoms, excife, or ftamps, or for controuling or auditing the account of the faid duties (except the auditor general of the exchequer):

Nor any perfon who fhall be a commiflioner of impreft accounts:

Nos

rSoi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 52. *33

Nor any agent for any regiment:	Army agents*

Nor any perfon who (hall diredtly or indiredtly, himfelf,«or Contractors* by any perfon whatfoever in truft for him, or for his ufe or benefit, or on his account, undertake, execute, hold, enjoy, or continue to execute, hold, or enjoy in the' whole or in part, any contract,'agreemenr, or commiffion made or entered into under or from* the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury in Ireland; or with any one or more of fuch commiflioners, or with any other perfon or perfons whomfoever, for or on account of the public service in Ireland\ or who (hall knowingly and willingly furnilh or provide, in purfuance of any fuch agreement, con-tradl, or commiffibn which he or they fhail have made or entered into as aforefaid, any money to be remitted abroad, or any wares or merchandize to be ufed or employed in the service of the public, during the time that he (hall execute, hold, or enjoy any fuch contract, agreement, or commiffion, or any part or fhare thereof, or any benefit or employment arifing from the fame (except perfons who (hall, be members of any incorporated trading company now exiting or eftablifhed in Ireland, and con- |ng compa/ fitting of more than ten perfons, fo far as relates to any contradt, mes, as luck* agreement, or commiffion, which now is or (hall or may hereafter be made, entered into, or accepted bv fuch company in its corporate capacity, for the general benefit of fuch incorporation or company):

Nor any deputies or clerks in any of the feveral offices follow- Deputies or ing; that is to fay, the office of lord high treafurer or the com-miffioners of the treafury, (except* the fecretary of the treafuryj; or of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, or of the tellers of the exchequer, or of the chancellor of the exchequer,

(except the fecretary of the chancellor of the exchequer); or of the commiflioners of (lamps, or of the commiflioners of appeals*

V.	And be it further enadted, That, from and after the diflo- Perfons hold, lution or other determination of this prefent parliament, no per-fon who (hall have in his own name, or in the name of any perfon ior<nieute-or perfons in truft for him or his benefit, any office or place of nant (hall in profit, from or by the nomination or appointment, or by any ap- future be dif-pointment fubjedt to the approbation of the lord lieutenant,, lord ablc®* deputy, lord juftices, or other chief governor or governors of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, created or eredted at any time after the paffing of an adt of the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, intituled,' An at1 for fe curing the freedom and independence of the houfe JjHh alt, 33 $f commons, by excluding therefrom perfons holding any offices under ^co# c* 4-1* the crown to be hereafter createdy or hotding certain offices therein . enumerated, or penftons for terms of years> or during his Majejlfs pleafure9 (hall.be capable of being eledted or.chofen a member of, or of fitting or voting as a member of, the houfe of commons of any parliament of the faid united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ in any parliament which (hall hereafter be fummoned and holden.

K 3

VI. And

134 Anno regni quadragefimoprimo Georgii III. c. 52. £1801.

Disabled per- VI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon hereby de-ing to fit in* glared to be difabled from, or rendered incapable of fitting or parliament voting in the houfc of commons,. Cball neverthelefs be elected or ihaU incur the returned as a member to ferve in parliament for any county, Serf^81111" ftewartry> C**Y» borough, cinque port, town, or place, in any Brlti^o^Iriih Part	^	un*te^ kingdom, fuch elcdlion or return are

a6t8.	hereby	enadted and declared to be void to all intents and pur-

pofes whatfoever; and if any perfon or p^fons fo hereafter eledfed *	or	returned,	and	declared to be difabled or to be rendered inca-

pable by this adl to be eledted, (hall prefume to fit or vote as a member of the faid houfe of commons, fuch perfon or perfons fo fitting or voting (hall incur fuch pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as are inflided or impofed by the ieveral adts of parliament here* tofore paffed in Great Britain or Ireland for disabling,or incapacitating fuch perfons from fitting in the parliaments of Great Britain or Ireland refpedHvely; and if fuch perfon or perfons fhall be difabled or incapacitated by the having, holding, or accepting of any office, employment, or place of profit, in this a61 enumerated and particularized, then and in fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons fo fitting or voting, fhall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds for every day in which he fhall fit or vote in the (aid houfe; to be recovered by fuch perfon as fhall fue for the fame in any couft of record in any pax t of the faid united kingdom, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eilbigo, protection, or wager of law fhall be allowed, and only one imparlance.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enadted and declared, That nothing in this act (hall, during the continuance of this prefent parliament, extend or be conftrued to extend or relate to, or (ball exclude or difable, any perfon or perforts holding offices or places of profit under the crown of Ireland \ foneverthe-lefs, that no greater number than twenty of the perfons holding

Or if difabled under this adt (hall forfeit jpol. per day.

Alt not to extend (dur-ing this parliament) to perfons holding fuch of-,

fices or places; fuc|j offices or places as aforefaid, fhall be capable of fitting in thanio^h t^ie ^ ^ou^e °f commons ; and fo that no perfon holding any fuch office or place (hail be capable of being elefted, or. of fitting in the faid houfe, while there are twenty perfons holding fuch offices or places fitting in the faid houfe.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby farther enadted and declared, That nothing in this adt ■fhall extend or be conftrued to exclude any perfon having or holding any office, place, or exp* ployment for life, or for fo long as he fhall behave fiimfelf well in his office (other than and except the commiffioners of im-preft accounts, and all perfons concerned in the managing, col-jedting, or farming of any fums of money, duties, or other aids granted or to be granted to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccelTors}; <my thing herein contained to the contrary notwithft^nding.

IX.	Provided, always. That if any perfon being chofen a member of the houfe of commons (ball, from and after the

everlfromthe Puffing of this a<St, accept of any office of profit whatever, im* King, or lord mediately .and diredtly from the crown of the faid united king-lieutenant,	or	by	the	nomination	or	appointment,	or	by	any	other

*	'	appoint-

perfons (hall fit. '

Not to extend to offices held for life or during good behaviour, except in certain cafes.

Members accepting any office what

iSoi.3	Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 53. 135

appointment fubjeft to the approbation of the lord lieutenant, &c.ofIrelaad, lord deputy, lord juftices, or other chief governor or governors of that part of the faid united kingdom called .Ireland, his feat * lhall thereupon become vacant, and a writ ihall iffue for a new election : provided nevertheless, That fuch perfon (if he be pot incapacitated by any thing herein-before contained), lhall be capable of being again elected to be a member of the houfe of commons for the place for which he had been a member, or for any other place fending members to the houfe of commons.

CAP. Lin.'

An act to explain and amend an aft, pajfed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled\ An a 61 to repeal fo much of an ad, palled in the fecond year of King fames the First, as prohibits the ufe of horfe hides in making boots and {hoes, and for better preventing the damaging of raw hides and Ikins in the flaying thereof.—[June 20, 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain provifions of an afty Preamble.

faffed in the thirty-ninth andfortieth years of the reign of his

prefent AJajeJly, intituled, An act to repeal fo much of an aft, 39 &40 Geo.

palled in the fecond year of King James the First, as prohibits the 3; c 66. rc-

ufe of horfe hides in making boots and (hoes, and. for better cltid*

preventing the damaging of raw hides and Ikins in the flaying

thereof, fhould be explained and amended; be it therefore enafted

by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and

confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in

this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the ’

fame. That it lhall be lawful for any mayor, or other perfon or Mayors, &e.

' perfons authorifed by the faid recited, aft to choofe and appoint may appoint

apy proper place or places for the.examining and infpefting'raw

hides and (kins under the provifions of the faid recited aft, to rawhides, *

choofe and appoint any place or places within any diftrift afeer- whether they

tained and fixed under the faid recited aft or this aft,N whether lhall be within

fuch place or places lhall be within any city, town corporate, *cc,or

borough, or market town, or not; any thing in the faid recited

aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.	So much of

II. And be it further enabled, That fo much of the faid recited recited aft as

aft as requires that any recommendation of any perfon or perfons

*	»	• *	1	•	*	,	5	r.,	rccommen-

as proper to be appointed infpector or infpeftors under the faid dation of in-

recited aft, or any approbation or confent in relation to the dif- fpedtors, and

tribution of the produce of any penalties, to be by fix or more the approba-

perfons, being either tanners, curriers, or other perfons manu- dUh-ibutionof

fafturing or dealing in the manufactory of leather, (hall be, and penalties to

the fame is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the first day be by fix

of Augufty one thoufand eight hundred and onc^ it fhall be lawful tAnners, See*

for any (hoemakCrs, fadlefrs, or other perfons working or dealing

in leather, not being journeymen or apprentices, or perfons lgpif f

working with or for any (hoemaker or worker in leather for hire, makers,&o,

and who (hall be then redding and carrying on fuch trade or nwy be joined

bpfinpfs within any city, liberty, borough, or market town, or ^c.^orthofe

S 4	ih*	pnrpofe*.

136 Anno regni quadragefirtio primo Georgii HI. c. 53. [i'8oi.

the diftrift thereof refpeftively, and who (hall* in manner di-rpfted by the faid ‘recited aft, have delivered in writing their rfeipeftive names and places of a]bode, and occupations in working or dealing in leather, to join wirh any tanners, (kinners, curriers, or other perfons manufacturing of 'leather, and authorifed to recommend any perfon or perfons as proper to be appointed infpeftors under the faid recited aft, rn the recommending perfons proper to be appointed infpeftor or infpeftors of raw hides and (kins in any place or places under the faid recited ad, and alfo to join in the giving any confent or approbation in relation ‘ -to the diftribution of any penalties in mannerly the faid recited aft directed ; anything in the faid recited aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Norecom- III. Provided always, Thar no recommendation cjf any per-2fnfnfMaor ^ons ?roPer t0 aPPointed infpeftors under the faid recited aft norapprobatii- or th*s a&» (hall be good or of any avail, unlefs three tanners, on in relation (kinners, curriers,.or other perfons manufacturing leather, at the to penalties lead, (hall join in (uch recommendation; nor (hall any fuch nS€fsuSe<1, confent or approbation of any (hoemaker, fadler, or other perfon tanners, See. working or dealing in leather as aforefaid, in relation to any (uch join therein, penalties, be taken, or be good or of any avail, unlefs three at the lead of the tanners, (kinners, curriers, or other perfons manufacturing of leather, within any fuch diftrift as aforefaid, (hall join in (uch confent or approbation.

1801* fores*And be it further enacted. That, from and after the first impofed by	day °f Auguji one thoufand eight hundred and one, no fine or

redted aft,	penalty by the faid recited aft impofed. for the wilful or negligent

f°r	or carelels cutting, ga(hing, or flawing any raw hide or (kin of

Cutting raw any ox’ bull, cow, heifer, deer, or dirk, in the flaying thereof, hides, &c. not or flaying the fame below the knee or gambrell, (hall exceed the to exceed cer- fum of five (hillings, and no fine or penalty by the faid recited aft impofed for the wilful or negligent or carelefs cutting, gating, or flawing any raw hide or (kin of any calf, in the flaying thereof, or flaying the fame below the knee or gambrell, (hall exceed the fum of two (hillings and fixpence, and no fine or penalty by the faid recited aft impofed, for the wilful or negligent or carelefs cutting, gafhing, or flawing any raw hide or (kin of any horfe, mare, or gelding, in the flaying thereof, (hall exceed the fum of two (hillings and fixpence,' any thing in the faid recited aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That, from and after the first day of Augujl on* thoufand eight hundred and one^ no butcher or other perfon (hall tejiable to any of the penalties or forfeitures by the faid recited aft or this aft impofed, for the flaying of any hide of any ox, bull, cow, heifer, fleer, ftirk, or calf, below the knee or gambrell, in any cafe where fuch hide (hall not be flayed more than two inches below the knee or gamtae// of any fuch ox, bull, cow, heifer, fleer, ftirk, or calf, any thing fo the faid recited aft or this aft, contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the firft

day

tain fums.

Perfons not liable to penalty for flaying of hides not more than two inches below the ki*ec.

r8oi.] Anno regni qnadragefimoprimoGEORGii III. c. $3. 137

day of Attguft one thoufand eight hundred and one, every butcher Raw hides to

or other perfon, required by the faid recited aft to bring any raw

hides or (kins to any place appointed by the faid recited aft for tvithfn ten

the examining or infpefting raw hides and (kins in'purfuance of days from

the faid recited aft, (hall bring every fuch raw hide or (kin to being flayed,

fuch place, in manner by the faid recited aft prefcribed, within ?n

ten days from the time of t flaying thereof; and if any fych butcher ^£{^4 ^

or other perfon (hall wilfully negleft or omit to bring any fuch

raw hide or (kin to fuch place, within fuch period as aforefaid,

he (hall be fubjeft to and (hall forfeit and pay the penalties and

forfeitures by the faid recited aft impofed on perfons wilfully

neglefling or omitting to bring raw hides or (kins to any fuch

place, purfuant to the provifions of the faid recited aft.

VII.	And be it further enabled, Thar, from and after the first So much of day of Auguji one thoufand eight hundred and one, fo much

the faid recited aft as relates to the diftribution of the whole of dlftribution of any penalty or forfeiture, or penalties or forfeitures, by the faid the whole recited aft inflifted and impofed, to any fuch infpeftor or in- penalty to in-fpeftors, (hall be, and the fame is herehy repealed 5 and that, *p<^^f8a^ from and after the first day of Auguji ono thoufand eight hundred penalties to be and one, in lieu and inftead thereof, one half only of all fuch the diftributed at penalties and forfeitures as are by the faid recited aft given to herein raea-any infpeftor or infpeftors, (hall go and be paid to the infpeftor ^oned. or intpc&ors entitled thereto; and the other half thereof (hall go and be applied for the better carrying into execution the purposes of the faid recited aft and this aft, in manner by the faid recited aft direfted: provided always. That nothing herein con* tained (hall extend or be conftroed to extend to prevent the rewarding any infpeftor or infpeftors, in manner by the faid recited aft direfted, with any proportion of fuch other half part of fuch penalty or penalties, or any fum of money arifing therefrom.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the first Information izyafAaguJi one thoufand eight hundred and one, every ip for- f°r wilfully* mation made under the faid recited aft for wilfully, negligently, hides^t^be or carelefsly cutting, flawing, or gafliing any raw hide or (kin, made"within (hall be made under the faid recited aft and this aft, within three three days, days after fuch raw hide or (kin, in refpeft whereof any fuch in-formation (hall be made, (hall have been infpefted ; and that it Within 14.

(hall be lawful for any infpeftor or other perfon to lay any other days, inforntation for any other offence committed againft the laid recited aft or this qft, at any time within fourteen days after any

fuch offence (hall be committed; any thing in the faid recited aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it* further enacted. That, from and after the first ***?*??

day of Auguji one thoufand eight hundred and one, all and every extendto all the claufes, provifions*, penalties, forfeitures, regulations, matters, raw bides and things, in the faid recited aft and this aft contained, relating flayed in Great to the examining and infpefting any raw hides or fldns, (hall ex- Britain, found tend, and be conftrued to extend, and be put in forte as to all, Jiftridts1 aC-rawhides and (kins flayed in Gnat Briiqin^ thatfhall be brought certained

. or under recited

138 Annorcgniquadragefimoprimo Georgii III. c. 54. [1801.

or found within the limits of any diflrid afeertained under the ihlm wuot rcc^tet^ a<^> without reference to whether ariy fuch hides or Ikins (hall have been flayed within the limits of any fuch diftrid or not.

Magiffrates X. And be it further enaded, That if it (hall be made out by oat^ any crec^kle Pcrf°n or perfons, to the fatisfadfion of forethem, " any magiftrate or magiftrates, or juft ice or juftices of the peace, though they that any perfon, whether living within or out of the jurifdi&ion thallnot of fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice or juftices, is likely to J?	8*vc or °®:r ,natcr*a* evidence on behalf of the profecutor of any

tionF and if°" offender or offenders againft the true intent and meaning of the they do not faid recited ad or this ad, or on behalf of the perfon or perfons appear, they accufed, and will not voluntarily appear before, iuch magnate s'butno or mag*ftratcs» juftice or juftices, to be examined, and give his, flich perfon her> or l^eir evidence concerning the premifes, every fuchma-(hall be obi ig-gift rate or magiftrates, juftice.or juftices, is and are hereby ao-ed to travel thorifed artd required to iffue his or their fummons to convene more than every fuch witnefs and witnefles, before any fuch magiftrate or * m cs* magiftrates, juftice or juftices, at fuch feafonable time as in fuch fummons (hall be fixed, although fuch perfon (hall not, at the time of fuch fummons, be within the jurifdi&ion of fuch magf-trate or magiftrates, juftice or juftices; and if any perfon 1b fummoned (hall negled or refufe to appear at the time by fuch fummons appointed, having no juft excufe to offer for fuch neg-1 led or refufal* he or (he -(hall forfeit for every fuch offence u \ fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered as any other penalty m:y be'recovered under the faid recited ad or this ad, and be applied towards carrying into execution the purpofes of the faid recited '	ad and this ad: provided always. That no perfon (hall be

obliged to travel by reafon of fuch fummons more than fu miles.

CAP. LIV.	|

An act to continue^ until the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hun•

/	dred	and twoy an aft pajfed in thirty-eighth year of the reign of Us j

prefent Majejly^ fir the further encouragement of the trade oni manufactures of the Ifle of Man, and fir improving the menu thereof 5 and alfo to repeal and amend certain of the provifms of tk j faid aft+— [June 20, 1801.]

Preamble. XT 7HEREAS a report has been made, in confequence oj 0 cm• j V V mijfton from his Majefly for the purpofe of obtaining inform• tiony rejpefting the Ifle of* Man: and. whereas fir thepttrpojef carrying into execution fome of the regulations therein rtt$mmnld> until fuch report could be more fully confidered, an aft pojftd is tk 3S Geo. 3.	thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy% intituled, An

c. 63, rcci ed. a(cj for ^	encouragement	of the trade and manufaftarc*

of the Ifle of Man% for improving the revenue thereof, ant) for the more effedual prevention of fmuggling to and from the faid* ifland; which is now about to expire: and whereas it is exftHentf that until parliament can take the faid report under their confidently*

furtbff

1801.] Anno rejgni quadragefimo prlmo Georgii III. c. 54. 139

further temporary encouragement and relief Jheuld be continued to the	,

the trade and manufactures of the Me of Man, as well as regulations made for the more effectual prevention of fmuggling to andfrom the jaid ifland 1 and for that purpofe the faid recited ad Jhouldbe continued and amended; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent ir.ajefy, by and with the advice and confeftt of the lords fpiritual . and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth recited day of July one thoufand eight hundred and.one, the faid recited *jjj ^uc aft, and all the claufes, provifions, regulations, penalties and for- ,$<>*, except futures, matters and things, therein contained, {hall be, and the where hereby fame are hereby continued until the fifth day of July one thou- *ltercd. fand eight hundred and two, as if the faid claufes, provifions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, were feve-rally and feparately re-enafted in thfs aft ; fave and except as any fuch claufes, provifions, regulations,.matters, and things are repealed or amended by this aft.

II. And be it further enacted, That fo much of the faid recited Thecolleftor* aft as limits the colleftor and comptroller of Douglas in the faid &c* of Dong-ifland from receiving applications for importation of licenfed goods	Je

from others than the inhabitants thereof, and which requires the tjons foe mw faid colleftor arid comptroller to tranfmit to the commiffioners of portation of cuftoms a copy of the entries of the faid applications, (hall be and licenfed goods the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the palling [i^thetSa-ot this aft, and during the continuance thereof, it (hall and may bitahts, and be lawful for any of his Majefty’s fubjefts to make application (hall tranftnifc in writing to the colleftor and comptroller of Douglas for the a copy of fuch importation into the faid ifland of the feveral articles allowed by law to be imported by virtue of licence, on complying with the refident and terms and conditions fpecified in the (aid recited aft; and the non-refident faid colleftor and comptroller (hall make ou( ^nd tranfmit a copy applicants, to of fuch applications to the governor or lieutenant governor of the faid ifland for the time being, fpecifying therein the appli- ifland, who cants refident and the applicants not refident in the faid ifland, (hall first allot and fuch governor or lieutenant governor (hall thereupon allot *°thc the whole quantities of each article, in refpeft whereof fuch ap-plication (hall be made, in the first place among the applicants f,due to the ' refident in the faid ifland; and in cafe the whole of fuch quan- nonrefidents, tiries (hall not have? been applied for by refidents, then the an.<* V16 com~ refidue among the non-refident applicants, in fuch proportions as he (hall judge moft fair and equitable; and ihall caufe a report being autho-thereon to be drawn up in writing and (ign and tranfmit the r&d by the fame to the lord high treafurer or commiffioners of the treafury treafury, for the time being; and thereupon it (hall be lawful for the faid jfoenwTfor lord highireafuref or commiffioners of the treafury, or any three fuch impor-or more of them, to ifliie their orders to the commiffioners of his tation accord-Majefty’s cuftoms* in England and Scotland refpedtively grant higly. licences (to continue in force for any period not exceeding twelve months from the fifth day of July next enfuing the palling of this aft), for the importation of the feveral articles and quantities thereof, allowed by law to be imported into the IJle

The treafury

may allow prize fpirits and wine to he imported

•140 ^Anno regni quadragefinjo pnmo Georgii III. c. 55. [18or.

of Man\ which licences the faid refpedive commiffioners of cuf-toms are hereby author!fed and required to grant for fuch periods asihall bd fpecified.or allowed in any fuch order, and to divide ' any quantity of any articles, in refped whereof any application (hall have been made, into* two or more licences to the fame perfon, where application fhall be made for that purpo‘fe,snd the tame fhall appear to be expedient; and fuch licences (halt without delay be tranfmitted to the collector and comptroller of Douglas, for the purpofe of taking bond as is herein-after direded, previous to the delivery thereof to the different applicants, any ad or ads to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.	,

III. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for the faid lord high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the timfe being, to allow prize fpirits and wine to be imported into the {aid ifland frortf Gnat Britain, in whole into theilland. or in part of the quantities of the faid articles which arc allowed to be imported by licence as aforefaid, any ad or ads to the contrary notwithstanding.

^ken^b ^the	^nc*	be ** further ena&ed, That previous to delivering

colledor, &c. any licences to the perfons who have applied for the fame, the of Douglas, - coiledor and comptroller of Douglas (hall take their bond to his from the per- Majefty, his heirs and fucceffcrs, with fufticient fecurity for the Ibrolieenfed, importation of Tech articles, in refped whereof the faid licences herein di-**”** are granted, on or before the fifth day of July one thouiund eight reded. hundred and two, with fuch condition for the forfeiture of any fum or fums of money not exceeding the wholfe amount of the duties on the articles fpecified in the faid licences, as the refpec-tivc commiffioners of cuftoms, under any diredions from the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being or any three or more of them, (hall think fit; and on the refiifa! or delay, fuch perfons applying (or licences as aforefaid to give bond as herein dire&ed, the faid colle&or and comptroller (hall return fuch licence to the commiffioners of cuftoms, who tranfmitted the fame, and thereupon the faid colledor and comptroller {half give pub-lick notice thereof, in order that other perfons may apply for licences in lieu cf any fuch licences returned as aforefaid, and applications may be made, and licences granted thereon, in like manner as is in this ad directed for the fifft granting of licences, any ad or ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LV.

An act to revive and continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one ihoufand eight hundred and two^fo much of an act made in the thirty -ninth and fortieth years of the reign oj his prefent Majefty, as grants certain allowances to adjutants^ ferjeant-majorS) andfer-jeants of militia, dijembodied under an aft of the fame feffion of parliament, and to amend tkejaid aft.— [June 20, 1801.j

Preamble. ,TT7HEREAS it is expedient that the allowances granted by an aft . V V pajfed in the' thtrty-nintb and fortieth years of the reign of his

i8oi.]AnnoregniquadragefimoprimoOEOROii:I]I. c. 56,57. 141

frefent Majejly, intituled. An adt for granting, until the twenty- 39 & *° Geo.. fifth day of March one thou fa rid eight hundred and one, certain c* 44* allowances to adjutants, ferjeant-majors, and ferjeants of the militia difembodied under an a£t of this feffion of parliament, inti- • tuled, *An adt for enabling his Majefiy to accept the fervices of an additional number of volunteers from, the militia, under certain redridlions,’ Jhruld be revived and continued; be it therefore enafled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-* mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid recited act, and the allowances therein granted and mentioned, and all the proviftons relating thereto,	iSoit

(hall be revived from the faid twenty-fifth day of March one and continued thoufand eight hundred and one, and continued until the twenty- till March fifth day of March cyaz thoufand eight hundred and two; and that l8°* >	^

all (itch and the like allowances as would have been payable and [^wances paid unto any adjutants, ferjeant- majors, and ferjeants, if the faid be paid, ad and allowances had been continued by any a& of parliament before the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, {hall be payable! and paid, and all arrears thereof fully fatisfied, in like manner in every refpedt as if this a& had pafled before the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one.

II.	And be it further ena&ed. That every reduced adjutant. Reduced adU entitled to any allowance under this a&, may receive and take faints en-fuch allowance, together with the pay of any fuch other com- ^j0ewa^”y mif&on, or any fuch other allowance or emolument as is allowed under this aft, to be held or received by any adjutant of any militia raised and may receive ferving under an a&, palled in twenty-fixth year of his Majefty’s the fame, with reign, intituled. An afl for amending and reducing into one aft ^emoluments parliament the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Bri- as are allowed tain called England, together with any pay or allowance to which to be received he may be entitled as fuch adjutant: provided always. That by Geo. ^ no fuch reduced adjutant {hall be entitled to receive any'allow- c# ,07-ance under this act, during the time he fhall hold any office of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty, other than fuch as aforefaid.

CAP. . LVI.

An a6t for making allowances in certain cafes to fubaltem officers of the • milHia in time of peace.—[June so, 1801.]

CAP. LVIL

Jin aft for the better prevention of the forgery of the notes and bills of	*

exchange of perfons carrying on the bufwefs of bankers*—[]\ja\z 20,

1801.]	.

WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent the crime of forgery in Preamble, all parts of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, be it therefore enafled by the King** moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal.

*4* Anno rcgni quadragefimo primo GeorgIi III. c. 57- [*8ct.

After July io, ral, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by> fon^foll°inake	aut^,or*ty°^ l^lc feme, That if any perfon or perfons, in anjj

or ufe any Part °* l^e united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ from and frame or after the tenth day of 'July one thoufand eight hundred and one. mould for (hall make or caufe'or procure to be made, or knowingly aid ci

vfthThePname m ^e ma^mS or ufing> °f any	mould,	o t part of an)

or fim of any h*me or mould, for the making of paper, with the name or finr peifona or appearing vifible in the fubftance of the paper, of any perfon oj body corpo- *pei fons, body corporate, or other banking company or partner-carry*n8 on bufinefs of bankers, without an authority in itance of the writing for that purpefe from fuch perfon or perfons, body cor-papcr, with- po»aie, or other banking cofnpany or partnerthip, or from fame but a written perfen or perfons duly authorifea to give foch authority ; or (hall that°uiyoft manufacture, make, vend, expofc to (ale, pubjifh or diipofe of, or orfhaU make caufe or procure to be manufactured, made, vended, or exposed or vend fuch to fale, publiftied or difpofed of, any paper having tire name or paper, orcaufe firm, appearing vifible in the fubftance of the paper, of any perfot firm^a*0^ or Pcr^onS> body corporate, or other banking company or part-in thc^ub^^ ner&ip whatfeever, carrying on the buiinefs of bankers; or if any itance of the perfon or perfons without fuch authority, (hall by any art, means, paper where- myftery, or contrivance, caufe or procure, or (hall knowingly aid foaH^tewnt	*n	cau®n8	procuring	the name or firm of any perfon

ten or print-* or Perfons, body corporate, or other banking company or parted, on being nerlhip carrying on the bufinefs of bankers, to appear vifible inj imprifonedfor the fubftance of the paper whereon the fame (hall be written or the (irftof- printed, every perfon or perfons fo offending in any of the cafes credingtwo* aforefaid, and being convi&ed thereof according to law, (hall for years, nor lefs the fit ft offence be imprifoned for any time not exceeding two than fix years nor lefs than fix months, and for the fecond offence be a"d tranfp°rted 10 any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations for the

9 tcrm of fevcrl year*-'

for 7 years. II. And be it further ena&ed. That if any perfon or perfons, yjo perfon in any part of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ (hall engrave, from and after the faid tenth day of July one thoufand eight hun-&c. any bill or <jre<i anj one, (hall engrave, cut, etch, fcraper or by any other perfon or ^ means or device make, or (hall caufe or procure to be engraved, banking com- cut, etched, feraped, or by any other means or device made, or pany, or (hall knowingly aid or aflift in the engraving, cutting, etching, ufe any plate fcraping, or by any other means or device making, in or upon orany^evice &ny plate whatfoever, any bill of exchange, promjffory note, or for making or other note for the payment of money, or part of any bill of exprinting fuch change, promiiTory note, or other note for the payment of money, wll note, purporting to be the bill of exchange, promiflory note, or other knowingly 111,16 ^or Payment °f money, of any perfon or perfons, body have in his corporate, banking company or partnermip carrying on the buf> cuftody fuch nets of bankers, without an authority in writing for that purpofe plate or rfe- from fucfj perf0n or perfons, body corporate, banking company utter ^fochbill or Partn€r&ip> or feme perfon or perfons duly authorifedto give or note, with- fofh authority; or (hall ufe any fuch plate fo engraved, cur, out a written etched, feraped, or by any other means or device made, or (hall authority^ ufe any other device for the making or printing any fuch bill of

exchange,

I

1801.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 58. 143 .

exchange, promiflory note, or other note for the payment of mo-ney, without fuch authority in writing as aforefaid; or if any ” ^ perfon or perfons (hall, after the faid'tenth day of July one thou-fand eight hundred and one, without fuch authority as aforefaid, knowingly have in his, her, or their cuftody, any fuch plate or dc/ice, or (hall, without fuch authority as aforefaid, knowingly 20J wilfully publifh, difpofe of, or put away any fuch bill of exchange, promiflory note, or other note for the payment of money^ or part of fuch hill of exchange, promiflory note, or other note for the payment of money; every perfon fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being convi&ed thereof according to law,

(hall, for the first offence be imprifoned for any time not exceeding two years nor lefs than fix months, and for the fecond offence be tranfported to any of his Majeflry’s colonies or plantations for the term of seven years. '

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any perfon. or perfons in any part of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, ^	*

from and after the tenth day of July one thoufand eight hundred plate any fub-and one, (hall engrave, cut, or etch, or by any other means or feriptions fub-contrivance trace with a hair ftroke or other mode or delineation,	of	‘

or any plate whatloever, any of the fubferiptions fubjoined to any any p^fon, OT hill of exchange, promiflory note, or other note for the payment baniongcom-of money, of any perfon or perfons, body corporate, or other pany, payable banking company or partner(hip carrying 00 the bufinefs bankers, to be payable to bearer on demand, or (hall have in his, have jn her, or their poifeflion any plate with the hair ftrokes or other poffeflion any delineation of any fubfeription traced thereon, fubjoined to any »uch plate, bill of exchange, promiflory note, or other note for the payment thePfirft^o?-f0r of money, purporting to be the bill of exchange and promiflory fcnce Qf being note, or other note for the payment of money, of any perfon or imprifoned, perfons, body corporate or other banking company or partner (hip not exceeding carrying on the' bufinefs of bankers, and to be payable to the bearer on demand, and (hall not be able to prove that fuch plate twelve came into his* her, or their pofleffion without his, her, or their months, and knowledge or confent, every perfon fo offending in any of the for the fecond cafes aforefaid, and being convi&ed thereof according to law, ^^fp^ed (hall for the first offence be imprifoned for any time not exceed-ing three years nor lefs than twelve months, and for the fecond 7 offence be tranfported to any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations for the term of seven years.

CAP.- LVIIL

A eft for granting to his Majejly, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two, additional ft amp duties in Ireland, on bonds* bills of exchange* and promiffory notes, and on certain infurgnees therein mentioned; and jor the relief of perfons in Ireland holding obligatory inftruments, called Kerry Bonds,* which have been executed without being dulyJiamped.—[June 20,

1801.]

Moft

Preamble.

From June 24, 1801, till March 25, 1802, the fot-lowing additional duties granted in Ireland 1

Bonds under 100I.—-is. 6d,

100I. tp aool. —as# 6d.

aool# to 5ool# —58.

500I. to zoool# —15».

iooolto 4000]. —108.

aoool.to^oopl —ll.

5000I. and upwards,

—al.

Bills of exchange, Sec, above zol. and under 30I. —3d.

30I. to IQOl. —6d.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament aflembled, towards railing the  necessary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences in that part of the faid united kingdom called Ireland, have freely and voluntarily rcfolved to give and grant unto your Majefty, the duties berein-after mentioned ; and do moft humbly befeech your Ma-jejly that it may be enafted, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefe/it parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, and until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March on* thoufand eight hundred and two, there mall be raifed, levied, collected and paid, to his Majefty, throughout Ireland for and upon every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or Iheetor piece of paper on which any of the feveral matters herein-after mentioned, (hall, during the time^forefaid, be ingrofled, printed or written, the feveral and refpeftive additional ftamp duties following, over and above all duties payable thereon by virtue of any aft or afts in force, on or immediately before the palling of this aft 5 that is to fay, any contraft, bond, or other obligatory inftrument, conditioned for the payment of any principal fum, not amounting to one hundred pounds, the additional fum of one (hilling and fixpence; and where the condition (hall be for the payment of any principal fum, amounting to one hundred pounds, and not amounting to two hundred pounds, the additional fum of two (hillings and fixpence $ and where the condition (hall be for payment of any principal fum, amounting to two hundred pounds, and not amounting to five hundred pounds, the additional fum of five (hillings; and where the condition fliall be for payment of any principal fum, amounting to five hundred pounds, and not amounting to one thoufand pounds, the additional fum of fifteen (hillings ; and where the condition (hall be for payment of any principal dim, amounting to one thoufand pounds, and not amounting to two thoufand pounds, the additional fum of ten (hillings; and where the condition (hall be for.payment of any principal fum, amounting to two thoufand pounds, and not amounting to five thoufand pounds, the additional fum of one pound *x and where the condition (hall be for payment of any principal fum, amounting to or exceeding five thoufand pounds, the additional'fum of two pounds: any foreign or inland bill of exchange, promiflory note, or other note, draft, or order, where the funv therein exprefled (hall exceed ten pounds, and (hall not exceed thirty pounds, the additional fum of three-pence; and where tbe fum pxprefl'ed therein (hall exceed thirty pounds, and (hall not exceed one hundred pounds, the additional fum of fix-pence; and where the fum exprefled therein (hall exceed one

hundred

hundred pounds, tKe additional fum of one {hilling and fix- above tool, aence. ^	""1##

II.	Provided always, and it enaCted* That nothing herein Not to extend rontained lhall extend to charge with any of the additional duties' to bank notea lereby granted, any bank note or bank poll bill olany banker or Geo. bankers who hath or have regiftered, or (hall have regiftered his 3. *Cm

name or their names and firm, in the manner prefcribed by an a& made in the parliament of Ireland) in the fortieth year of the reign >f his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majefty,

Vis heirs and fuccejjbrs, feverqI duties therein mentioned, to be levied by he commijfmers for managing the ftamb duties.

III.	Artd be it enabled. That, from jand after the twenty- Additional :ourfh day .of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, until ^toances^ and upon the twenty-fifth day of A&rcb one thoufand eight hun-. m 5* dred and two, there (hall be raifed, levied, colleded, and paid, throughout Ireland, for and upon the feveral infurances hereinafter mentioned, which (hall be made during the time aforefaid

in Ireland^ the feveral additional duties herein-after mentioned, over and above all duties payable thereon, by virtue of any ad or adls in force, on or immediately before the paffing of this ad; that is to fay, for all infurances for infuring (hips, goods, wares, 38. 6d.fat or merchandize from the danger of or other perils at fea, where' the fum to be infi/red (hall amount to one hundred pounds, the part thereofj additional fum of three (hillings and fixpencc, and fo progref- P fively for every fum of one hundred pounds infured; where the fum to be infured (ljall not amount to one hundred pounds, the additional fum of three (hillings and (ixpence; and where the fum to be infured (hall exceed one hundred pounds or any pro-greffivfe fums of one hundred pounds each, by any fractional part of one hundred pounds, the additional fum of three (hillings and fixpence for fuch fractional part of one hundred pounds 5 where but where the the premium or confideration in the nature of a premium aCtu- not,exceedOC, ally and bond fide paid, given, or contributed for, (ball not exceed xos. percent, the rate of ten (hillings, where the fum to be infured (hall amount only is. for to one hundred pounds, the additional fum of one (hilling, and cvc,y fo progreffively for every fum of one hundred pounds .infured; &c-and where the fum fo to be infured (hall not amount to one hundred pounds, the additional fum of one (hilling; and where the fum fo to be infured (hall exceed one hundred pounds or any progreflive fums of onfe hundred pounds each, by any fractional part of one hundred pounds, the additional fum of one (hilling for fuch fractional part of one hundred pounds; the faid duties upon infurances to be paid by the perfons allured therein.	fureSt ^

IV.	And be it enaCted, That the feveral duties hereby Ncw "duties granted (hall be under the .government, care, and manage-* (hall be under mentof.the commi (Turners for the time being, appointed tb the manage-manage the duties charged upon ftamped vellum, * parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required ft^ps.erS ° and empowered to employ the necefiary officers under them for that purpofe ;* and in order to denote the feveral duties payable by virtue of this aCt, on damped vellum, parchment, and paper,

Yol. XL1II.	L	whenever

146 Annoregni quadragefimo primoOsoitGii III, c. **8. t1^1,

whenever,they fee occailon to ufe fuch ftamps as have been heretofore provided to denote' any former duties on (lamped velluni, parchment, or paper, or to caufe new ftamps to be provided for that purpofe, and to alter or renew the fame, or any of them, from time to time, and to do all other things  necessary to be done for putting this a & in execution, with relation to the feveral duties hereby granted in the like, and as full and ampler manner as they or the major part of them are authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning any duties under their management.

Commifiion~ V. And be it ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for all perfons pofiefled of, or who (hall, on the twenty-fourth day of Jwuone change paper, thoufand eight hundred and one, be poflefled of any vellum, &c. already parchment, or paper, (lamped or marked with any ftarap or mirlt tonped with to denote any of the duties now payable by law on ftamped vel-formcr duties. jum^ parchment, or paper, upon which any duty is hereby im-' pofed in addition to the duties now payable thereon, at any time to bring fuch vellum, parchment, or paper to the (hid commif-fioners, at their head office in Dublin, who are hereby authorifed and required, on payment of the refpe&ive duties by this ad impofed, to the receiver general of the faid duties, to caufe fuch vellum, parchment, or paper, to be duly ftamped and marked with the proper damp or mark, or ftamps or marks, to denote the payment of the duties hereby impofed, or at the eledion of the perfons refpe&ively bringing fuch vellum, parchment, or paper, to caufe the fame to be cancelled, and other vellum, parchment, or paper to be ftamped with proper ftamps of the like value with the amount of the .ftamps fo cancelled, and of the duties payable by. virtue of this ad, without demanding or taking, dire&ly or indtre&ly, any fum of money or’confideration other thapthe duty hereby impofed for the fame; and any matter or in refped whereof any duty is hereby impofed on vellum, •parchment, or paper, which (hall, after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, be ingrofted, printed, or written on any vellum, parchment, or paper, ftamped or marked by virtue of any ad now in force, which (hall not have been.ftamped or marked with the ftamps or marks to denote the payment of the duties hereby impofed, (hall be of no other effed than if the fame matters or things had been ingroiled, printed, or written on undamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

Former Irifli VI. And be k enadted. That all powers, provifions, rules, t^dedtotUi" metk°ds». articlesi claufes, penalties, diftributions of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things preferibed by any a St of parliament in force in Ireland, relating to the damp duties on vellum, parchment, or paper, and not hereby altered, {hall, as far' as the fame are hereby applicable, be of force and effect with relation to all duties hereby granted, and (hall be put in execution for the railing, levying, colle^ing, and fecuringthe feveral duties hereby granted, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if the fame had been hereby re*enaAed with relation to the duties hereby granted.

VILA?*

i Sol] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. $8. 147

VII.	And be it ettafted, That if any perfon (hall counterfeit Forging or forge, or caufe to be counterfeited or forged, any (lamp or f^^fclonr mark allowed by this aft to be ufed for denoting any duty by ^thout ^ this aft granted, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs clergy. i»r fucceflors, of any of the faid duties, or (hall utfer, vend, or fell any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to any damp duty by this aft impoled, with fuch counterfeited damp or mark there* upon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or (hall fraudulently tife any damp dr mark allowed to be ufed by this aft, with intent to defraud bis Majefty, his heirs or fuccelfors, of any of the faid duties, then every perfon fo offending, and being thereof convift-ed, fhall be adjudged a felon, and (hall differ death as in cafes of felony Without benefit'of clergy.

VIII.	And be it enacted, That all monies arifing by the feve- Application of ral duties hereby granted (hall be paid from time to time into the duties, hands of the receiver general for the time being of the duties on ftamped vellum, parchmant, and paper, who (hall pay the fame,

(the necefiary charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame being dedufted) into the receipt of the exchequer of Ireland* at fuch time and in fuch manner as the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are direfted to be paid; and all monies lo paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund of Ireland»

IX.	And whereas many perfons in Ireland having erroneoujly con* dived that the obligatory injlrument, called a Kerry Bond, containing in the body thereof a warrant to confefs judgement upon any allion to be brought thereon, was not liable to the Jlamp duty impofed in Ireland, upon warrants to confefs judgement upon fuits or actions, in addition to the duty payable upon fuch injlrument as a bond have executed fuch injlrument s without a Jlamp thereon to denote the payment of the duty for fuch warrants of attorney, from winch many, inconvtniencies may

arife* unlefs relief be given; be it therefore enafted. That it «SutS>n^* and may be lawful for the proper officers for collecting the duties without in Ireland on damped vellum, parchment and paper, and the damps before officers for damping or marking the fame at the head office in ScP* lfcoo> Dublin \ and they are hereby required, upon payment or tender	M

of the duty payable in refpeft to a warrant of attorney, to con- warrants of fefs judgement upon any action or fuit, to mark or damp upon antorney at any fuch obligatory indrument as aforefaid, executed before the *nytime be* first day of September one thoufand eight hundred, and which had money been duly damped or marked with the duty to which the fame or proceeding was fubjeft, as an obligatory indrument, a damp or mark to de- at law. note the payment of the duty payable on a warrant to confefs judgement as aforefaid ; and every fuch indrument as (hall be fo damped or marked (hall be as valid as if the fame had been fo damped or marked before the time the fame was executed by any .of the parties thereto; and every perfon concerned in the ingrof-fing, writing, or executing the fame, or who entered any judge* ment thereon, fhall be freed and difeharged of and from all penal* ties incurred on account thereof, provided &ch indrument be

L 2	brought

148 AnnorcgniquadragefimoprimoGEOiiGtiIII.c.59"*^1*

brought to the faid head office in Dublin, to. be damped before the money due thereon (hall be paid, or before any proceedings at law (hall be taken for the recovery thereof.

CAP. LIX.

An act for fettling and securing a certain annuity on lady Abercromby baronefs Abercromby of Aboukir, and the two next perfons to whom the title of baron Abercromby (hall defcend, in conuderation of the eminent merits of the late right honourable general fir Ralph Abercromby.—[June xo, 1801.]

Molt gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majefty, by your molt gracious mefiage to four molt faithful commons, has been pleafed to declare, that your Majefty having taken into your royal consideration the eminent andoj^al ' merits of the late right honourable general fir Ralpji Abercromby, knight of the moft honourable order of the bath, during a long life (pent in the service of his country, and terminated by a glorious death, your Majefty was defirous to bellow fomc considerable and lafting mark of your royal favour as a testimony of your Majefty’s regard to that distinguished officer; and for this purpofe to give and grant unto his relift lady Abercromby, baroneft Abercromby of Aboukir, and to the two next Succeeding heirs male of the body of the faid fir Ralph Abercromby to whom the title of baron Abercromby Shall defcend, for and during their lives, a nett annuity of two thouiand pounds per annum; but your Majefty not having it in your power to grant an annuity to that amount, or to extend the effeft of the laid grant beyond the term of your Majefty's own life, recommended it to your faithful commons, to confider of a proper method of enabling your Majefty to grant the Same, and of extending, fecuring, and fettling fuch annuity to the Said lady Abercromby, and to the two next perfons on whom the title of baron Abercromby of Aboukir Shall defcend, in fuch manner as Should be thought moft effectual for the benefit of the faid lady Abercromby, and the family of the faid fir Ralph Abercromby. An annuity of two thoufand pounds fettled on lady Abercromby and the two next fucceeding heirs male of fir Ralph Abercromby, on whom the title of baron Abercromby (hall defcend, to commence from March xi, 1801* and to be paid quarterly. The annuity to be paid at the exchequer without fees. The warrant for payment of the . annuity not to be determinable upon the demife of his Majefty, Scc. The . receipt of lady Abercromby and the two next fucceeding heirs male of fir Ralph Abercromby Shall be a fufficient difcharge. Annuity to be tax . free. Annuity not to be aliened or incumbered for a. longer term than during the life of the pofieSTor.

CAP. LX.

An act to explain and amend an aft pafTed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act to enable the lords commissioners of his Majefty’s treafury to afcertain what Sum (hall be paid into his Majefty’s exchequer, in full fatisfaftion of the debt due on the mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys efquire, in trnft for the late right honourable Richard Rigby, in cafe it Shall appear to the laid lords commiilioners that it will be necefiary to refort to the mortgaged premifes, in order to recover the balance due from the Said *	Richard Rigby to his Majefty.—[June 20, 1801.J

CAP. LXI.

An a£l for furtbtr continuing until the twenty-fifth deep of March one tboufaqd eight hundred and two, an aS pajfed m the prefent ftffun of parliament, intituled. An act for amending and forth#

*8oz,] Anno regni quadragefimo primo-GEORGii III. c. 6z. 149

ther continuing until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand tight hundred and one, two ads palled in that part of . the united kingdom called Ireland^ in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the fup-preHion of the rebellion which ftill exifts within that kingdom, and for the prote&ion of the perfons and property of his Majefiy’s faithful fubjeds within the fame.—[June 23/1801.]

WHEREAS an act made in the prefent feffton of parliament,

intituled, An ad for amending and further continuing C. 14. of this until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hun- fc®on* dred and one, two ads palled in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland^ in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for jthe fuppreftion of the rebellion which dill exifts within that kingdom, and for the protedion of the perfons and property of his Majefty’s faithful fubjeds within the feme, is near expiring: and whereas the prefent Jlate of Ireland , makes it  necessary for the publtck fafetjy and for the protection of the perfons ana property of his Majefty* s faithful fubjeds againft the mojt oaring outrages which Jlill-continue to be committed, in furtherance and profecution of the faid rebellion, that the faid recited	,

aft jhoujd be further continued for a limited time; be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the fords fpiritual and temporal, and com* mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all the powers and provisions in the faid The powers recited ad contained, foall continue and be in force within that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, from the twenty- continued till fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one until March 25, the twenty-fifth day pf March one thpufand eight hundred and two? apd no longer,

CAP. LX11.

An act to exempt from the payment of certain dutiesy fiich members of both-houses of parliament ferving for that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, and fuch other perfons herein deferibed^ at may have only an occafionql rtfidenee in Great Britain.—[June 23, 1801.]

WHEREAS in confequence of the union of Great Britain and Preamble, Ireland, the lords fpiritual and temporal) and commons^ returned by rotation or election to fit and vote on the part of Ireland, in the parliament of the united kingdom, and other perfons hereinafter deferibed9 who are or may be ordinarily refident in Ireland, mayy for the execution of publtck bufinefsy be required to refide in Great Britain during certain portions of the year: and whereas it is juft and reafonable that the duties hereinrajier, mentioned Jhould not he charged on fuch perfons during* fuch refidence\ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty jthat it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons,

*3

i$o Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii IIL c. 62. [i8qi.

in this prefefnt parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Perfons ordi- fame. That all perfons having ordinarily refided ip Ireland be-?n IrclaiSl Cnt f°re commencement of this feflion of parliament, and being and being’ members of either houle of the parliament of the united king-members of dom, whether on the part of Ireland\ or for any place in Great parliament, or Britain* and all perfons who (hall hereafter be members of the ficesTn Ire- kid parliament as aforefaid, and who (hall have ordinarily redded in Ireland previous to the commencement of the feflion of parliament in which they (hall refpedively ferve in parliament; and all perfons having ordinarily refided in Inland as afore (aid, or who (hall hereafter be ordinarily refident therein, and now bolding, or who (hall hereafter hold offices, or publick employments in Ireland, and are now redding in Great Britain, or who M hereafter refide in Great Britain, with the approbation or by the order or diredtion of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or- chief governors of Ireland for the time bcing^ or of his or their chief fecretary, for the time being, and which (hall be cer-Ireland; and tified under the hand of the lord lieutenant, chief governor or alfo from the chief governors, or his or their chief, fecretary to be therein refi-dent, for the purpoies of affifting in the execution Qf the publick bufinefs, (hall be wholly difeharged and exempted from the duties granted by an ad pafled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act to repeal the dntiet impofed by an act made in the lajl fejfion of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the ipar* and to moke more effeftual provifton for the like purpofe, by granting certain Met upon income in lieu of the [aid duties, or any other ad relating to the duties on income, fo far as the fame may impofe or maybe conftrued to impofe any tax or duty on any income really and bona fide arifing from property in Ireland, or from apy office or employment in Ireland; and alfo from the duties granted by an ad pafled in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his pcefent Majefty, intituled. An act for granting to his Majefty an aidani contribution fir the profecution of the war, which might be chargeable on fuch perfons by reafon of their temporary refidence in Great Britain; and alfo from all and every the dupes charged or chargeable by another ad, pafled in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his faid Majefty, intituled, An act for repealing the duties upon male fervants* carriages, horfes* mules* and dogs\ aid for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof or by any 3d pafled or to be pafled in the prefent feflion of parliament hr ranting an additional duty on hories: provided. That this ad hall not be conftrued to extend to any perfon ordinarily refide/rr in Ireland as aforefaid, being a member of either houfe of the w*v?,KCCil"en Far^ament of the united kingdom, who hath refided or (hail of the lord*^refide in Great Britain longer than during the feflion of parlia-lieutenant, ment, and forty days before, and forty days after fuch feflion: &c. the latter provided* alfo, That, this ad (hall not be conftrued to extend to gfri^nottce any perfon ordinarily refident in Ireland as.aforefaid, holding an taxdfice;thC °®ce or publick employment in Ireland* unlefs the approbation in writing, with refped to perfons now in Gnat Britain^*

order

land, and being occa-fio’nalfy refident in Great Britain* ex-* empted from the income duties under 39 Geo. 3. c* 13, &c. as relates to income in

duties under the contribution adt, 38 Geo. 3. c. 16; pn fervants. See. under 3S Geo. 3. c. 41; and on horfes under c. 9. this fcflion

of

fo refide only during the feflion, &c.

j

1801.] Anno regni quadragefiipo primo Georgit III; c. 63. 151 border or direftion of the faid lprd lieutenant or other chief gover* jHor or chief governors of Inland for the time being, or of hie f>r their chief fecretary for the time being, with refpeft to per* forts who {ball hereafter refide, and a defcription of the place of ebode in Great Britain of the perfons refpeftively holding fuch offices or employments, be delivered into the office of the com*

! snilfioners for the affi|ir6 of taxes in Somerfet Place* within twenty days after the paffing of this act with refpeft to perfons now in Great Britain* or within thirty days after the arrival in Great Britain of fuch perfons refpeftively who (hall hereafter arrive: provided alfo, That this aft, with refpeft to the exemptions Aft to com* therein allowed, (hall commence from and after the first day of mtnce from January one thoufand eight hundred and one, upon all ailfeffi- l8ox* meats to be made after the faid day,

II.	And be it further enacted. That no perfon (hall for the	be

purpofes of this aft be deemed to have been ordinarily refident

in Ireland* except he has redded therein for the fpace of fix fidence in Ire-months in the year preceding the faid first day of January one land, and how thoufand eight hundred and one, nor (hall any perfon in future he verified, be deemed to be ordinarily refident in Ireland* unlefs he (hall refide therein during fuch portion of the year as is not covered by the privilege herein provided: and for uie better afeertaining the faft of fuch refidence, every perlon claiming the benefit of this aft, (hall verify the feme upon oath (if required) before the coonpiffioners afting in the execution of the faid feveral afts before-mentioned, in the diftrift where fuch perfon (hall refide^ who are hereby empowered to adminifter an oath to every fuch perfon for the purpofe aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enacted. That all and every perfon and Ptaalty of perfons who (hall wilfully give felfe evidence, or make any falfe

oath or affidavit before the faid commiffioners, touching any c matter or thing provided for by this aft, (hall be profecuted ana indifted for the feme, and fuch perfon or perfons being convifted thereof (hall be fubjeft and liable to the feme puniftunents and ^(qualifications as perfons are fubjeft and liable to for wilful and corrupt perjury by the laws and ftatutes of this realm,

CAP. LXIII.

An act to remove doubts rejpefting the eligibility of perfons in holy ardors to Jit in the boyfe of commons*—[June 23, 1801.]

w

HEREAS h is expedient to remove doubts iuhicb have, arifen Preamble. rejpefling the eligibility of perfons in holy orders to, jit in the

houfe of commons, and alfo to mate effectual provifionfor excluding them from fitting therein; be it therefore declared and enafted nr^ni-nn^cir by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice being a mini* and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, fter of the in this prefent parliament aflembied, and by the authority of the {£u'r.cll°<\. n fame. That no perfon having been ordained to the office of ^capable of prieft or deacon, or being a minifter of the church of Scotland, being elefted is or (ball be capable of being elefted to ferve in parliament as a a member of member qf thchoufe of commons.

14	JI.	And'0"™™*’

...

tny

perfon after his election ihall be ordained a prielt, &e.

i$2 Anno regpii quadragefitno primo Georqii HI. c. 64. [1801.

The election II. And lx it further declared and enadted, That if any per-nf	^on» having been ordained to the office of prieft or deacon, or

and if any * 'being a minifter of the church of Scotland, (hall hereafter be elected to ferve in parliament as aforefaid, fuch eleftion and return (hall be void; and,that if any perfon, being elected to ferve in parliament as a member of the houfe of commons, (hall, after ^	his eleftion, be ordained to the office of prieft or deacon, or

£e	flVall'vacate become a minifter of the church dF Scotland, then and in fuch

his	feat.	cafe the feat of fuch perfon (hall immediately become void; and

Penalty for if any fuch perfon (hall, in any of the aforefaid cafes, prefume fitting or vot-to fit or vote as a member of the houfe of commons, he (hall either forfejt the fum 0f five hundred pounds for every day in which he (hall (it of vote in the faid houfe, to any perfon or perfonswhq ihall fue for the fame in any of his Majefty’s courts at Weftm* Jlcr; and the money fo forfeited (hall be recovered by the perfon or perfons fo fuing, with full cofts of fuit, in any of the (aid courts, by any adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no efioign, privilege, proteftion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall* be allowed; and every perfon againft whom any fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be recovered by virtue of this ad, (hall be from thenceforth incapable of taking, holding, or enjoying any benefice, living, or promotion eccleuafticai, and of taking, holding, or enjoying any office of honour or profit under his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflorsr pro-Eleftions be- vided always, That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend, ^of Uiw aft or conftrued to extend, to make void any eleftion of a perfon not to be void.t0 ferve as i member of the houfe of commons, which eleftiba (hall have taken place before the paffing of this adt.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That no perfon (hall be liable to any forfeiture or penalty inflidted by this adt, unlefs a profecution (hall be commenced within twelve calendar months after fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be incurred*

IV.	And be it further enadted, That proof of the oelcbraffo/i of divine feryice, according to the rites of the church of England or of the church of Scotland, in any church or chapel confecrated or fet apart for publick worlhip, (hall be deemed and .taken to be prime facie evidence of the fadt of fuch perfon having been ordained to the office of a prieft or deacon, or of his being a jninifter of the church of Scotland, within the intent and mean* ing of this adt.

G A P. LXIV.

fin aft for the further relief of debtors, with refpeft to the imprifon-ment of their perfons*—[June 23, i8oi.]

Preamble, ■ Tl THEREAS it might tend to the difebarge from imprifinmnt V V of many prisoners in execution for debt, if their creditm were enabled to difeharge fuch debtors without lofmg the whole brnft • of the judgements obtained againjl fuch debtors \ be it therefore . enadted by the King’.s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lprds fpiritvjai and temporal, and common^

Limitation of aftions.

What proof (hall be peceffary.

J

8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III.c. 64. 153

ions, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-

ty of the fame. That, from and after the patting of this a<5t, it Any creditor,

tall be lawful for any creditor or creditors, at whofe fuit any

ebtor or debtors is or are or (hall be in prifon, and taken or charged in

barged in. execution for any fum of money, by writing (igned execution,

>y fudi creditor or creditors, or by one of them, for and on the may content dialf of himfelf or herfelf, and the others of them, (being com- ^\u lainants in the fame adion), to fignify or declare his, her, or	the

leir confent to the difcharge of fuch debtor or debtors from the benefit of the aol or prifon. in which he, {he, or they is or are or {hall be judgement • onfined in execution at the fuit of fuch creditor or creditors, uP°n which without lofing the benefit of the judgement upon which the exe-» jfrueA^cSk ution againft fuch debtor or debtors iffued, except as herein** as herein proper provided; and that for and notwithftanding the difcharge vided.

>f any debtor or debtors in purfuance of fuch confent as afore* aid, the judgement upon which fuch debtor ondebtors was or vere taken or charged in execution, (hall continue and remain n full force to all intents and purpofes except as herein-after xovided; and it (hall be lawful for fuch creditor or creditors at any time to take out execution on every fuch judgement againft # the lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, and chattels of fuch debtor or debtors, or any of them, (other than and except the neceflary apparel and bedding of him, her, or them, or his, her, or their family, and the neceftary tools for his, her, or their trade or occupation, not exceeding the value of ten pounds in the whole), or to bring any a&ion or a&ions on every fuch judgement, or to bring any aftion or ufe any remedy for the recovery of his or their demand, againft any other perfon or per-fons liable to fatisfy the fame, in fuch and the fame manner as fuch creditor or creditors could or might have had or done in cafe fuch debtor or debtors had jiever been taken or charged jri execution upon fuch judgement: provided always, That no debtor or debtors, who (hall be difeharged in purfuance of this a£t, (hall at any time afterwards be taken or charged in execution, or arreftea upon any judgement herein-before declared to continue and remain in full force, or in any action which may , be brought in any fuch judgement, and that no proceedings by feire faciasy a&ion, or otherwife, (hall be had againft any bail in the aftion in which fuch judgement was obtained.

II.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That Executors the executors and adminiftrators of any fuch creditor as aforefaid (hall and may confent to the difcharge of any debtor or debtors charee of to their teftator or inteftate, in fuch and the lame manner, and debtors, as with the fame advantages and confequences, in all refpe&s, as the creditors, fuch creditor, if living, might or could have done in purfuanceif of this a<ft; and fuch executors or adminiftrators refpedlivelycould d0*

(ball not, by. reafon of any fuch difcharge in purfuance of this a£t, be deemed guilty of a devajiavitf or chargeable with the debt due from the perfon gr perfons fo difeharged.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Sheriffs, &c» That every {herilF, gaoler* or keeper, in whofe prifon, gaol or houwafter

*	*	cuftody	tjif confcijt of

154 AnnoregniquadragefitnoprimoGEORGii III.c. 65,66. f 1801.

a creditor is	cuftody any debtor or debtors is	or are or (hall be confined or

detained in execution* (hall, and	every of them is hereby re*

the dcbtorTf* <luire^s within twenty-four hours next after fuch confent in detained only writing of any creditor or creditors as herein-before mentioned pthisfuit,	(hall have been produced to and	left with fuch (herifF, gaoler,

or keeper, or his deputy or agent at fuch prifon or gaol, (the hand writing or mark q( fuch creditor or creditors to fuch confent in writing being duly proved by an affidavit of fome credible perfon, to be thereto annexed, and to be (worn before one of the judges of the court out of which the execution againft fuch debtor or debtors iffued, or a commiffioner duly authorifed to take affidavits in fuch court), to difeharge and fet at liberty the debtor or debtorsito whofe difeharge fuch confent (hall be fig-flified or declared as aforefaid, if he, (he, or they (hall be kept or detained in cuftodv only upon the execution ifTued at the fuit of the creditor or creditors fignifying or declaring fuch confent.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

V.	And be it further enacted, That this aft (hall continue and be in force for three /ears, and from thence to the end of the then next feifion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LXV.

An act for granting to his Majefty the fum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be ifl'ued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commif-fconcis for the reduftion of the national debt.—(June 04, iloi.j

Aft not to extend to Scotland.

Continuance pf aft.

CAP.	L XVI.

M aft Jar indemnifying fuch perjons as, ftnee the ftrft day of February one thoufand fiven hundred and ninety-three, have aftei in the apprehending, imprifoning, or detaining in cuftody, in Great Britain, of perfons fufpefted y high treafon or troajpnable prat-Hees.—[J«ne 24, 1801.J

preamble.	TX THERE AS by an aft, paffed in the parliament of Great

34 Geo. 3.	▼ V Britain in the thirty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty'$

t, 54.	rtign,	intituled, An act to impower his Majefty to fecure and

detain fuch perfons as his Majefty (hall fufpeft are confpiring again ft his perfon and government, reciting, that a traitorous and deteftable confpiracy had been formed fir fubverting the exifting laws and conJlitution, and for introducing the fyftem of anarchy and con-fijion which had Jo fatally prevailed in France, it was for the better prefirvation of his Majefty1 s /acred perfon, and fir feci^ring the peace and the laws and liberties of the kingdom, enafted, That every perfon or perfons who were or Jhould be in prifon, within the king-% dom of Great Biitain, at the time therein mentioned, or qfier, by warrant figned as therein Jpecified, fir high treafon,fufpicion of high treafon, or treafonable practices, might be detained in Jjafe cuftody as thereby provided j and that the aft made in Scotland* intituled,

‘ ’ 7	.An

i So f.] Anno jregni qqadragefimo pritno Qeorgii III. c. 66. 155

\n a6k for 'preventing wrongous imprifonment and againft un- a* Oeo. j# lue delays in trials, in fo far as the fame might be conftrued to Ct "elate to cafes of treafon and Jufpicion cf treafon,* Jhould be Jufpendcdf as therein alfo provided; which aft was to continue in forte until the, firji dap of February one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-five^ and was afterwards by a fubfequent aft continued until the first day of~ July one thoufand Jeven hundred and ninety-five: and whereas by another aft, pajfed in the parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, alfo intituled^ An a cSt to empower bis Majefty to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Majefty fhall fufpeft are confpiring againft bis perfon and government, reciting, that his Majefty's enemies were making preparations* with confiderable. and increafmg aftivity9 for the invafion . of his Jdaajefty's dominions, and that theft difigns were encouraged by the traitorous praftices of wicked and difaffefted perfons within the realm, it was, fir the like purpofes, enafted in like manner as is contained in the faid recited aft of the thirty-fourth year of his Majefty*s reign j which aft of the thirty-eighth year of bis Majefty's reign was to continue in force until the first day of February one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-nine% and was afterwards^ by feveral fubfequent afts, continued until fix weeks after the commencement of the prefent fejjion of parliament: and whereas, by an aft faffed in this prefent feffton ofparliament^ intituled,, An act for re- c* *?• jjd* vivirig and further continuing, until fix weeks after the com- Seated.emon# mencement of the next feffion of parliament, feveral afts made in the thirty-eighth, thirty-ninth, and fortieth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, arid in the laft feffion of parliament, for empowering his Majefty to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Majefty (hall fufpeft are confpiring againft his perfon and government, it was enafted in Hie manner as is contained in the faid aSf pajfed in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty's reign ; and which fayd aft of the prefent feffton of parliament is to continue in force until the expiration of fix weeks aftef the commencement of the next feffion of parliament: and whereas in order to fecure toe internal peace and tranquillity of the country, and to counteraft the traitorous deftgns in the Jaid afts recitedy it hath been deemed  necessary from time to time to apprehend, imprifon, and detain in cuftoay^ in Great Britain, divers perfons fufpefted of high treafon or treafonable praftices: and whereas in cafe the afts and proceedings of the feveral perfons employed or concerned in fuch apprehending,, imprifoningy and detaining in cuftody, Jhould he called in queftiony it would be impoffible for them to jujYtfy or defend the fame without an open difclofure of the means by which the faid traitorous deftgns were difcovered\ and ^ it is neceffaryy for the further prevention of Jimilar prafticesy that thofe means of information Jhould remain Jecret and undifehfed \ be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all perfonal aft ions, fuits, All aftions, indiftments, informations, and profecutions, heretofore brought, ^ouchtor commenced, preferred^exhibited, or now depending, or to be here- hereafter to

after be broughtfo;

156 Anno rcgni quadragefimo-primo Georgii III. c. 66. [x8or.

after brought* commenced, preferred, or exhibited, and all judge-ments thereupon obtained, if any fuch there be, and all proceedings whatfoever, againft any perfon or perfons, for or on account of any aft, matter, or thing by him or them done, or commanded, ordered, directed, or advifed to be done, in Great Britain, fince the first day of February one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-three, for apprehending, imprifoping, or detaining in cuftody any perfon charged with or fufpefted of high treafon or treafon-able praftices, (hall be difcharged and made void, and that every »nd the per- perfon by whom anv fuch act, matter, or thing (hall have been m 1 emm- Qr commanded, ordered, direfted, or advifed to be done, (hail be freed, acquitted, difcharged, and indemnified as wc/i againft the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, as againft the perfon and perfons fo apprehended, impri foned, or detained in cuftody, and all and every other perfon and' perfons whomfoever,

II.	And be it further enacted, That if any aftion or fiiit bath been or (hall be brought, commenced, or had, in any Court may within England or Walesy againft any perfon or perfons, for or pTtad thege- on account of any fuch aft, matter, or thing as aforefaid, he iffue, and they may pfead the generai iflue, and give this aft and the tied to double ^Pec^ matter in evidence ; and* if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall cofts, and if become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuifer a dif-jn Scotland continuance in any fuch aftion or fuit, or if a verdift (hall pafs A^id£fcnd^kl aga,n® l^c P^intiff or plaintiffs therein, the defendant or defen-. benefkofin^ ^ants (hall ^ave an(l he entitled to double cofts, for which he or rfemnity, and they (hall have the like remedy as in other cafes in which cofts be paid their by law are given to defendants j and if any fuch aftion or fuit jcxpences. hath* been or (hall be brought, commenced, or had, in any court within that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ the court before whom or in which fuch aftion or fuit (hall be brought, commenced, or had, or (hall be depending* (hall allow to the defender or defenders therein, tt>e benefit of the difcbarge and indemnity hereiri-before provided, and (hall further decern the purfuer or purfuers to pay the defender or defenders the full and ,	real expences which he or they (hall be put to by fuch a&ioa

or fuit.

any thing «fone iince Ftb. 1,17^3, fov apprehending or irrprifoning Any perfon charged with high treafon, fliiill he >»ack void.

fed*

who, if the

a£lion he brought in

y^pplfcation	HI. And be it further enacted, That if any aftion, fuit* in-

-;yhbecmade diftment, information, profecution, or proceeding, bath been where actions or (hall he hrought, commenced, preferred, exhibited, or had, brought, &c. in any court in Great Britain, againft any perfon or perfons, by the parties for or on account of any fuch aft, matter, or thing as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the defendant or defendants, defender or ifwsP&c!ee ” defenders, in any fuch aftion, fuit, indiftment, information, 9	profecution,	or	proceeding,	of	for	any of them, to apply by

motion, petition, or otherwife, in a fummary way, to the court in which the fame hath been or (hall be brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited, or had, or (hall be depending, if fiich court fhali be fitting, and if not fitting, then to any one of the judges or juftices ot fuch court, to ftay alj further proceedings in fuch aftion, fuit, indiftment, information, profecution, or proceed* iflg $ and fuch court, and any judge or jjuftice thereof when the

1801.] Anno regni qyadfagefimo primo Georgii III. c.67, 157

faid court (hall not.be fitting, is hereby authorifed and required Co examine the matter of fuch application, and upon proof by the oath or affidavit of the perfon or perfons making fuch application* or of arty of them, or other proof to the fatisfaftion of fuch court, judge, or juftice, that fuch aftion, fuit, indift-ment, information, profecution, or proceeding is brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited, or had, for or on account of any fuch aft, matter, or thing as aforefaid, to make an order for (laying execution and all other proceedings in fuch aftion, fuit, indidhnertr, information, profecution, or proceeding^ in whatever ftate the fame (hail or may then be, and although judgement (hall have been entered up of recprd, or given, or any writ of error or appeal (hall have been brought or made, or (hall be depending therein; and the court, or the judge or juftice making fuch order for ftay of proceedings in any aftion or fuit as aforefaid, (hall alfo order unto the defendant or defendants, defender • or defenders, and he and they ihall have and be entitled to double coils, for all fuchf proceedings as (hall be had or carried op in any fuch aftion or fuit, after the paffing of this aft; and for which cofts he and they (hall have the like remedy as in cafes where cofts are by law given to defendants or defenders: provided always. That it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons, being a party or parties to any fuch aftion, fuit, indiftment, information, profecution, or other proceeding, to apply by motion, petition, or otherwlfe, in a fummary way, to the court ift which the fame (hall have bceii brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited, or had, or (hall be depending, to vacate, difcharge, or fet afide any order made by any judge or juftice of that court for Haying proceedings, or for payment of cofts as aforefaid, fo as fuch application be made within the first four days on which (uch court (hall fit next after the making of any fuch order by any judge or juftice as aforefaid; and fuch court is hereby re- ' quired to examine the matter of fuch application, and to make (uch order therein as if the application had beeif originally made to the faid court; but neverthelefs, in the mean time and until fuch application (hall be made to the faid court, and unlefs the (aid court (hall think fit to vacate, difcharge, fet afide, or re-verfe the order made by any fuch judge or juftice as aforefaid, the fame (hall continue in full force to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

CAP. LXVII.

An act to amend feveral afts for raiftng a militia force in Scotland.—[June 24, 1801.]

1X7 HERE AS by an aft pajfed in the thirty seventh year of the Preamble. VV reign of bis prefent Majefly, intituled, An act to raife and 37 Geo* 3. embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Greatc* I03* Britain called Scotland; it is enafted. That the lieutenant, or fail-ing him, any three or more deputy lieutenantr, /ball trarfrnit to his Wj'flf t privy council^ an account, in writing, ftgned by him or

them,

ijS Anho regrii quadrageflmo primo tjEokon IIL c; 6f. [1801.I them, of the true Jlate of thi number of perfons returned in the lifisM therein mentioned on receipt of which, his Majejly, by order oj council, Jhould forthwith apportion and divide over the feveral coun. ties, fiewartries, cities, and places, the number of militia to ferik for Juch county, Jlewartry, city, or place, fo as not to exceed th number of fix thoufand men over that part of Great Britain catiu Scotland : and whereas by an aft pajfed in the the thirty-eighth yeas of the reign of his. prefent Majejly, intituled. An ad to give fur ther time for executing and for enlarging the powers of an a£ made in the lad feffion of parliament, intituled, ‘ An ad tc raife and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom oi Great Britain called Scotland,' it is etiafted. That until fucb time as returns Jhall have been tranfmitted to his Majejly's privy council, from all the. counties, fiewartries, cities, and places in Scotland, the total number of militia men to be apportioned for thofe counties, fiewartries, cities, -and places, from which returns bad been received as direfted by the faid aft, Jhould not exceed five thoufand five bun* dred: and whereas his Majejly, by an order in council bearing dati the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thoufandfieven hundred and nine-eight, was gracioufiy pleafed to apportion and divide over fucb feveral counties, fiewartries, cities, and places, for which fucb' accounts had been tranfmitted, the number of militia to ferve for fucb■ counties, fiewartries, cities, and places, refpeftively, according to the numbers therein mentioned, and. amounting in the whole to the num-©fMayi8,and ber of five thoufand four hundred and ninety-two men: and whereas N°y- *798> by two other orders in council, dated the eighteenth day of May and fecitc * the eighteenth day of November, in the year one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-eight, his Majejly was graciouflj pleafed to order the whole of the faid number of five thoufand four hundred and ninety*two men, Jo apportioned, to be called out and embodied: and. whereas doubts have arifen in the execution of thefe orders in council, whether the number of men fo apportioned Jhould include the non-commijfioned officers, or whether the number Jhould be exchtfive of fuch non-commijfioned officers: and whereas it is expedient to add the ] number of non-commijfioned officers appertaining to the militia force ' now embodied to the aforefaid number of Jive thoufand four hundred and ninety-two men, and that in apportioning the fame upon the '	feveral counties, fiewartries, cities, and places, for watch they are to

ferue, the number of non-commijfioned officers Jhouli be included in fucb apportionment ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enadied by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confentof the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Totaiofpri- affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That die total yate men, in- number of private men, including non-commiffioned officers, c^m§Ik)Md direded to be embodied by the aforefaid orders in council, (hall officers, to be be five thoufand seven hundred and fixty-eight,, and that the embodied by number (including non-commiflioned officers ferving or to ferve recited orders for the feveral counties, fiewartries, cities, and places following) £^68 a** kc as f°N°ws» (rhat t0 %) For the county of Edinburgh, herein parti- two hundred and thirty y for tne city of Edinburgh, eighty-cularized*	three;

38 Geo. 3. c. ia.

Orders in council of March %$, 2798, and

t8ot.] Anno fegm quadragefimo primo Georgji itl. c* 67. 159

three; for the county of Linlithgow, feventy-four; for the county of Haddington, one hundred and forty-four; for the county of Berwick one hundred^and fifty-three; for the county of Peebles) fifty-three; for the county of Selkirk, twenty-fix; for the county of Roxburgh, one hundred and fifty*eight; for the ftewartry of Kirkcudbright^ one hundred and thirty-two; for the county of WigtoU) ninety-four; for the county of Ayr, three hundred and fifty-nine; for the county of Renfrew, one hundred and ninety-fix; for the county of Lanerk) five hundred and (ixty-three; for the county of Sterling, two hundred and two; for the county of KinrofS) twenty-feven ; for the county of Fife, three hundred and fifty; for the county of Dunbarton, feventy-fix; for the county of Bute7 thirty-two; for the county of Argyle, two hundred and feventy-one; for the county of Invernefs, one hundred and ninety; for the county of Perth) five hundred and twenty-fix; for the' county of Forfar, three hundred and feventy-two; for the county of Kincardine, one hundred and fix; for the county of Aberdeen^ four hundred and eighty-three; for the county of Banff) one hundred and thirty-one; for the county of ,

El^iri) ninety-fix; for the county of Nairny twenty-three; for the county of Crotnarty% twenty-three; for the county of RofS) one hundred and fixty-four; for the county of Sutherland) fifty* feven; for the county of Caithnefs, feventy-three; for the county of Dumfries, two hundred and fifty-nine; for the county of Qackmanan) forty-two.

II.	And whereas it is expedient that aR perfons who have attained their nineteenth year Jbould be liable to ferve in the militia aforefaid: end whereas it is alfo proper and expedient) in order to fuppiy vacant ties, that lijis rf the perfons liable to ferve Jbould be made up once a year; be it enaded, That his -Majefty’s lieutenant for each county, ftewartry, city, or place, together with any two or ^militia more deputy lieutenants; and on the death or removal, or in forcc conti-the abfence, of his Majefty*s lieutenant, the deputy lieutenants, niies, hit M*» or any three or more of them, (hall, on the first day of Auguji jefty’sheute-one thoufand eight hundred and one,' and (hall on the first day of Auguft in every year, during the continuance of the faid militia re& \[fa Qf ” force (and where fuch day ftiall happen on a Sunday, then on peribns from the Monday thereafter), meet at the fame borough or principal **t0 3° yw* town of the county, ftewartry, or place where they hitherto mac^up0** lave ufually met for the purpofes of the militia ads, and (hall from wbjch in like manner and form as direded by the aforefaid ads of the the men fhall thirty-feventh and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent.he ballotted Majefty, proceed to iffue directions for making out fair and true fQr* lifts in writing of all the men ufually and at that time dwelling within their refpedive pari(hes and places, from and after the age of eighteen years complete, and not exceeding the age of thirty fears complete; and fuch lifts being afterwards amended as the cafe may require, and in the fame mode and- under the fame regulations as here preferibed by the aforefaid ads of the thirty* fcventh and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty,

(ball be the lifts from whence ‘the number ncceflary to complete

the

If any perfon ballotted for cannot be found, a cer-

160 Anno reghi quadragefimo primo Georg it til. c. 6). (i8ot

the proportions of men to be furnifhed by each county, ftewartry city, or place, according to this prefent aft, (hall be ballotte< for, and from whence alfo vacancies fhall be fopplied in thi manner directed by thefe afts and by this prefent aft.

III.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe any perfon wh fhall be ballotted for to ferve in the militia, in the manner di refted by the aforefaid afts of the thirty-feventh and thirty-nint tificate thereof years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, cannot be found, i fhall be given that notice may be given to him in manner direfted by th bfeto ade-’aforefaid aft of the thirty-feventh of his prefent Majefty, the puty Jieute- the cOnftablfc or other officer duly authorifed to ferve fuch no-nant, and - tice fhall, within twenty days after he fhall be authorifed toferw another fhall fuch notice, produce to feme one of the deputy lieutenants to for-butifthe w^om	be directed to give r, a certificate that fuch per-

former can be f°n *s not to he found perfonally, and hath not any place 0 found, he fhall abode, which he has been able to find, at which fuch notic be compelled may be left; and the deputy lieutenants, or any two of morer to ferve. them, are hereby required forthwith thereafter to hold a fubdi vifion or diftrift meeting, and to proceed to ballot for anotbi perfon to ferve in the room of every fuch militia man not to b found fo that notice may be ferved upon him as aforefaid j an in cafe fuch laft perfon fhall at any time afterwards be difcoverct he (hall, notwithftanding any perfon (hall have been chofen ii his room, be compelled to ferve in the fame manner, and fd the fame term, as if no perfon had been chofen in his room provided always, That if fuch perfon can be fo difcovered, that notice can be given to him before the day on which thdl perfon ballotted for to ferve in his place (hall be ordered to join the regiment, then the perfon ballotted for to ferve in his place (hall go free, and the perfon fo difcovered (hall be the only perfon who (hall ferve.

IV.	And whereas by the aforefaid aft of the thirty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, it is provided, That no perfon ferving as a cm* miffioned officer in any regiment, troop, or company in his Majcjlfs other forces, or in any corps of volunteers raised by virtue of an aS, faffed in the thirty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty's reign, inti• tuled. An act for encouraging and difeiplining fuch corps or companies of men as (hall voluntarily enrol themfelves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coafts, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the prefent war, or who jhd have been duly entered therein on or before the paffing of the afortfaii aft of the thirty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, or in any one of his Majefty's caftles or forts; nor any non-commiffioned officer or private man ferving in any of his Majefty's other forces, or in cry volunteer or yeomanry corps, troop, or company whatever, provided he bath been duly entered therein on or before the paffing of tbe afon* faid aft of the thirty seventh year of his prefent Majejiy, anafrr vided he hath punftualiy attended at all fuch times and plaits as maj have been agreed upon for the exercife of fuch corps, troop, or com• party, fhall be liable to jerve perfonally or provide a fubfttXvU to ferve in the militia to be raised by virtue of the aforefaid aft of the thirty

fevento

57 Geo. 3. c. 103.

. 34 Geo. 3,

iSoz.] Anno regni quadragefimo prime Georgii III. c. 67. 161

ftventb year 0/ his prefent Majtfty: and whereas by another aft midt in the tbirty~rtintb year of the reign of bis prefent MojeJfyy intituled\ An a£t to amend an act made in the thirty-feventh year 39 Geo. 3* of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and two a£U made in the c* laft feffion of parliament, for raising a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland \-it is ena ftedf fiat every perfon enrolled or to be enrolled and ferving in any volunteer corps, or any corps or body of men ajfociated for the defence of any city, town9 or place, and for maintaining publick tranquillity and good order within the fame, whether of infantry or cavalry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which then were or Jhould be raised in furfupnee of any aft or afts of parliament, Jhould be exempt from being liable to ferve petforially in the foid militiat hr to provide a fubjlitute; and that all the powers, regulations, con-d:tiom9 and reftriftions contained in an aft pajfed in the fame feffion of parliament, intituled, An a£t for exempting, during the prefent war, perfons ferving in volunteer corps and aflbeiations from being ballotted for the,militia, under certain conditions, Jhould txtend to all volunteer carps or affociations in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; be it ena&ed. That the names of all Th* maw* of fuch perfons ferving in volunteer corps or aflbeiations, above the age of eighteen and not exceeding the age of thirty years, (hall teer corps or neverthelefs be inferted in the lifts to be made up upon the (irft aflbeiations day of Jugujl in every,year, in manner dire&ed by this adt, and froin ** to3° their names (hall be written or printed on diftindt pieces of paper, inftrt-in manner direfted by the aforefaid ads of the thirty-feventh and e(j ;n the lifts thirty-ninth years of the reign of hisprefent Majefty, and (hall to be made up be enclofed in the box or veffel from whence the ballots thereby annually., on prefcribed (hall be made, in manner therein fpecified; but the £”5* pieces of paper containing the names of fuch perfons fo fervipg drawn by in volunteer corps or aftociations, (hall be marked in fuch man- ballot, and the ner as denote that they were perfons fo ferving in volunteer perfons whofe corps or affociations at the time fuch lifts were fo made UP 5 be*dravni 1 and in the event that the piece of paper containing the name of fl^u not £r(V any fuch perfon fo ferving in any volunteer corps or alfociation, ducc a certj-fhall be drawn as the .perfon upon whom the ballot falls^ notice ficate from the (hall be immediately ferved upon fuch perfon in the manner direfled by the faid a & of the thirty-feventh year of the reign oft|,ey were du-his prefent Majefty 5 and in cafe fuch perfon (hall not produce, entered in at the time to which the meeting at which he was fo ballotted fuch volun-Ihail be adjourned (and which meeting the faid lieutenants and deputy lieutenants are hereby dire&ed and empowered tp adjourn £££ ballot for any fpace not exceeding fix days for this ipecial purpofe) a and had duly certificate from the commanding officer (which certificate fuch attended ex-commanding officer is hereby required forthwith to give) that	kj2j

he was duly entered in fuch volunteer corps or affectation at the fcry*; bu* time he was fo ballotted for to ferve in the militia, and hath if fuch certi-pun&ually attended at all times and places agreed upon for the ficate be pro-cxercife of fuch corps or affeciation, then fuch perfenxfhail be liable to ferve in the. militia of the county, ftewartry, city, f>rt^pia<x, place for which he (ball have been ballotted in the fame manner p V01.XLIIL' 7	•	M	with

i€i Anno regni quadragefimo prime* Georgii III. c. 68. [i8ot,

with any other perfon or ptirfons upon whom the ballojt falls in terms of the aforefaid ad of the thirty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, and of this prefent ad; but iir cafe it {hall appear to fuch adjourned meeting, from' the certificate of fuch commanding officer, that fuch perfon was duly entered in fuch volunteer corps or aflbciation at the time he was ballotted for to fervein the militia, and hath pun&ually attended at all times and places agreed upon for the exercife of fuch volunteer corps or aflbciation, then the piece of paper containing ihe name of fuch perfon (hall be replaced in the aforefaid box or vefiel, and a freih ballet or ballots (hall forthwith take place in the manner direfted by the aforefaid ads of the thirty-feventh and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and by this prefent ad.

V.	And whereas it may be expedient that the adjutants, ferjmis, and drummers of the afdrefaid militia force raffed for that part of the united. kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland,

His Majefty fondd not be dijbanded at the period fpecified in the aforefaid aR of may retain7	the thirty seventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, at which

in lervice	the fame jhaU expire \ be it enaded. That it (hall -and may be

and pay ad- lawful for his Majefty to retain in adual fervice, and to caufe leant'majors, ^ W to b®	t0	adjutants, ferjeant majors, and the

and feijeants’, whole or fuch proportion of the ferjeants and .drummers of each and drum- regiment of the militia aforefaid, as his Majefty (hall think fit,, for any time not exceeding one calendar month after the expi-| cS^n ne- * rat*on	foft	feffion of parliament which (hall be held next

riod. ' after the conclufion of the prefent war.

VI.	And whereas doubts may arife whether officers rf his Ma-jeftfs forces other than militia forces, may not fit in courts-martial upon the trial of officers or private men of the militia aforefaid, but it is expedient that officers of the militia Jhouid alone fit in fuch

Officers of his courts-martial} be it enaded, That no officer ferving in his

Mtfefty's Majefty’s forces, other than militia forces, (hall fit in any

not to fiton court-martial upon the trial of any officer or foldier ferving in

militia courts the militia aforefaid, and that vno officer ferving in the militia

martial, nor aforefaid (hall fit in any court-martial upon the trial of any

militia offi- officer or foldier ferving in any of his Majefty’s forces other than cers on others. the	forces.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for altering the laws novb in force9 relating to the importation . and exportation of copper; for repealing certain duties and drawbacks on fuch importation and exportation; andfor fubfiituting new duties and drawbacks in lieu thereof*—[June 24, 1801.J

Preamble.	'Y11 THERE AS the provijions contained in feveral afts new inforce,

V V relating to the exportation and importation of copper^from and\ into the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, have been found inconvenient: and whereas it is expedienUihat the duties and drawbacks now paid and allowed on fuch exportation and importation ,	Jhouid ceafe and determine, ’ and that new duties and drawbacks Jhouid

be eftablijbed in lieu thereof: be it therefore enaded by the King’s |

moftj

i8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo pritno Georgh IU. c.68. 163,

mad excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua) and temporal, and commons, ip this prefent par* liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from Afterthe fi^n-and after the figning a definitive treaty of peace, it (hall and|*S*de*j!“tlfe may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to export copper from copper any port or place within the united kingdom of Great Britain may be ex-and Ireland to any port or place beyond feas, without any hin- ported, not-drance or obftrultion from any perfon or perfons under atly authority whatfoever; any thing contained in an a61 paffed intllca *° the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, inti-33 Gco* *• tuled, An act to enable his Majefty to rejlrain the exportation of" ** naval Jlores, and more effectually to prevent the exportation of falt-fetrey armsty and ammunition when prohibited by proclamation or order in council9, or in another a# patted in the thirty-fourth year o^^i6*0*** the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled. An act for indemnifying all perfons who have been concerned in advifing or carrying into execution an order of the lords commiffioners of his Mcjeftfs treafury refpefting the exportation of pot ojbes or pearl ajbesy tor preventing fuits in confequence of the fame, for authorifing bis Majefiy to pro-bibit the exportation or carrying coaftwife of pot ajbes or pearl afhes, andfor making further provijions relating thereto; or in any o her . a& or alts now in force to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

II, And be tt further enalted, That until the figning fuch Hi* Maiefty, treaty as afbrefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for hts Majefty, proefeina-by proclamation or order in council, when he (hall fee caule,?0”^^^ and for fuch time as may be therein exprefled, to prohibit the ex- may prohibit portation of all copper capable of being converted into a naval the exportati-ftore, from any port or place within the united kingdom of°°^° anf P*1* Great Britain and Ireland to any port or place within the limitsco^roSa-of Europe: provided always. That no fuch proclamation or ble of being order in council (hall be of any force to prohibit or obftruft theconvertedm-exportation thereof from any port or place within the faid united kingdom to any port or place without the limits of Europe: any orc# thing contained in fuch proclamation or order, or in either of the faid alts fo paffed as aforefaid in the thirty-third and thirty- s ' fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or in any other ad or ads of parliament now in force, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

ill. And be it further enalted, That the duties now payable The duties on the importation, of copper unwrought, videlicet^ copper bricks,now payable rofe copper, copper coin, and all caft copper, into any port place within Great Britain, and the drawbacks now allowed on nought cop* the exportation of fuch copper from any port Or place within per and the Gnat Britain, (hall,.from and after the first day of December one drawbacks on thoufand eight* hundred and one, ceafe and be no longer paya-^J^|?n bte; and that certain other duties and drawbacks berein-after from Dec. i, particularly mentioned, (hall be paid and allowed, during thezSoi; term and fubjeft to ttye limitations herein-after exprefled,

IV,	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the firft*®4 unS th^ day of Dtcember one thoufand eight hundred and one, and until fi^^offuch

M 2	the	treaty,	ther

*64 Anno regni quadragefimo primo GeOrgii III. c.'6$. [1801, (hall be levied the fignirig fuch treaty as afo'refaid, there (hall be raifed, levied, forth in the1 c°lfe&ed,xand Pa*d, unto Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, in (chcdule. ready money, without any difeount whatever, upon the impor-^ tation of any copper into any port or place within Great Britain from any port or place beyond the feas, except fromNany port or place within that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, the feveral duties of cuftoms as the fame are refpedively inferted, described, and fet forth in figures ,	in the fame fchedule 5 any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary

n .	.	notwithftanding.

under the ma- And be it further enabled, That fuch of the duties by this nagement of aft impofed as (hall arife in that part of the faid united kingdom the commif- called England, (hall be under the management of the commit fioners of cuf- fioners 0f the cuftoms in England for the time being; and fuch landSandSOTt-t^creo^ as arife in that part of the united kingdom called land refpec- Scotland, (hall be under the management of the commiflioners ot tively.	the cuftoms \n Scotland for the time being.

Duties to be	VI. And be* it further enaded, That the duties hereby impofed

andnecover- an<* may ^ afccrta*ne<^» raifed, colleded, paid, and recced, as any * vered, in fuch and the like manner, and in and by any and other dutiei either of the ways, means, or methods by which any of the du-of cuftoms, ties of cuftoms on goods, wares, or merchandize, impofed and ®c#	payable by any ad or ads of parliament in force on or immedi-

ately before the palling of this ad, werte or might be afeertained, raifed, colleded, paid, and recovered; and the goods, wares, and merchandize fo by this ad made chargeable with the faid new duty of cuftoms, (hall be and the feme are hereby made fubjed and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, -	#	rules, reftridions, penalties, and forfeitures, to which any goods,

wares, or merchandize, upon which any duties of cuftoms are . impofed and payable, were fubjed and liable by any ad or ads of parliament in force on or immediately before the paffing of this ad ; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any ad or ads of parliament in force on or immediately before the paffing of this ad, made for securing the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, powers, and diredions therein contained, (hall and are hereby direded and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpedively applied, pradifed, and put in execution for and in refped of the new and additional duties of cuftoms hereby charged, as far as the feme are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid ads, claufes, provifions, powers, diredions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body .	.	of this prefent ad.

paUMnto the* VII. And be it further enaded, That all the monies srifwg exchequer 'by the duties impofed by this ad (hall from time to time be paid and carried to into the receipt of his Maiefty’S'exchequer, and be carried to and made part of the oonfolidated fund. datedftind-	SCHEDULE

Soi.J Anno regni quadrag^fimo prirao Georgii III. c.69. 165 SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

1

Copper unwrought,

Duty. Drawback* £• *• d. /• d%

Jcpper bricks, rofc copper, copper coin, and all caft copper, the hundred weight,

056

O 5



CAP. LXIX.

In aft for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties on certificates for wearing hair powder* or ujing armorial hearings, from the commtjjioners of /lamps to the cotnmiffioners for the affairs of taxes; and alfo for making further provtfions in refpeft to the /aiddutiesfo transferred^—[June 27, 1801.]

WHEREAS by certain afts puffed in the thirty fifth and thirty- Preamble. , eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty* certain Jlamp 35 Geo. 3. duties were granted* in Great Britain, on certificates iffuedfor ujing or wearing hair powder, or armorial bearings or enfigns* and placed ^ recited. under the management of the commtfftoners for the time being appointed to manege the duties charged on /lamped vellum, parchment, andpaper : . and whereas it is expedient that the faid duties Jbould be repealed, and other duties Jhould be granted in lieu thereof to be placed under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes \ may it therefre pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enadted by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That, from and after the paffing of this a& in England\ and froqn After raffing and after the twenty-fourth day of May one thoufand eighlt bun-dred and one in Scotland, the duties granted by the faid firft- after May *4, recited a ft (hall ceafe and determine; fave and except in all cafes 1801, in Scot-relating ta the demanding, recovering, receiving, or paying, any l?n4»thc du-arreas of duties by the faid ftrft-recited a61 granted, which on byfir^recSed the refpe&ive days before-mentioned (hall have remained unpaid aft lhall ceafe,. in England and Scotland refpedtively, and the feveral claufes, pro** except as to vifions, matters, and things relating to the due paying, receiving, arrcarg> and recovering the fame; fave only and except the paying and accounting for the duties received iince the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one, by virtue of the faid firft-tecited

a a.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and. after the After June */t, twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, 1801, the da-in England and Scotland refpe&ively, the duties granted by the wij}{aredtcd feid lad-recited a61 (hall alfo ceafe and determine ; fave and ex- a6t fhall ceafe, cept in all cafes relating to the demanding, recovering, receiving, except as to or paying any arrears Qf duties by the faid laft- recited a<5t granted, arrear?. which on the faid refpe&ive days (hall have remained unpaid, and the feveral claufes, provifions, matters, ?nd things, relating to the due paying, receiving, and recoverip£*be fame.

M3	III.	Pro-

*66 Anno rcgni quadragcfimo primo Geokoii III. c. 69. [1801. After paffing III. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That, from for* ffLf068 an(* a^tCr Pa®nS °f *h»s ad, aH fines, penalties, and forfei-againfterecitcdtures’ f<>f any oflFence incurred againft the faid recited ads or ads, and in- cither of them, and alfo alHnformations, profecutions, and fuits, formations whereon judgement (ball not have been obtained before the tenth whereon ' day 0f Jifoy onc thoufand eight hundred and one, (hall alfo ceafe Saf riot have anc* determine $ and that every perfon who (hall have omitted or bUn obtained negleded to make any entry, or take out any certificate,* as by before May the faid recited ads or eirfier of them is required, (hall, oh io» 1801, (hall making fuch returns as by this ad is direded, be, and is hereby fnn«C^ki££r indemnified, freed, and difcharged from and againft all fuch pe-retum8, as naltiel and forfeitures incurred or to be incurred by reafoa of direfted by any fuch omiffiot) or negled.

this ad, (hall IV. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the faid be wdemni - gftg jgy Qf jprn jn £nghnd^ and from and after the twenty-After A 1 f°urth day of onc thoufand eight hundred and one in Scot* iSoi, in^Eng-and inftead of the duties on certificates to ufe or land,’and May wear hair powder, by this ad repealed, there (hall be aflefled, *4» i8ox, in raifed, and levied, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs fon ^earin6^anc^ fi,cccff°rS upon every perfon who (hall ufe or wear any hair powder powder commonly called Hair Powder, of whatever materials (hall pay the the fame (hall be made, the annual rate or duty fpecified in the annual duty, fchedule to this ad annexed marked (A.); and that from and fpecified in after the fifth day of July in England, and from and after the faid du?e(A.)^and twenty-fourth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and one after July 5, in Scotland, in lieu and in ftead of the duties on certificates iffued 1801, in Eng* with refped to armorial bearings and enfigns, by this ad reland, and May pealed, there (hall be aflefied, raifed, and levied, to and for the ■Scotland, per- u^e his Majrfty* his heirs and fucceflors, upon every perfon fons ufmg arT who (hall ufe or wear, or caufe to be ufed or worn, any armorial morial bear- bearing or enfign, by whatever name the fame (hall be called, the8^^^ anc* who (hall *CCCP any coach or other carriage chargeable with dutiesk* an- duty, or (haH be pofleffed of or keep or have any feal, plate, or nexedfehe- other article whatever, on which feal; plate, or other article, any dule (B.) armorial bearing or enfign (hall be painted, engraved, marked, or affixed, the feveral annual rates and duties refpedively mentioned and fet forth in the fchedule to this ad annexed, marked (B.)5 and which feveral fchedules marked.(A.) and (B.)$ and the rules therein contained, (hall be deemed and conftrued a part of this ad, as if the fame were incorporated therewith.

^air powder V. provided always, and be it further enaded. That nothing extrodto any *n a(^ contained relating to the duties by virtue of this a<ft of the royal 7 impofed on perfons wearing hair powder, (hall be conftrued to family or their extend to any of the" royal family, or to any of the menial fer* menial fer- Vants of his Majefty, or any of the royal family.

Certain per	Prov^ec* a^°> and he it further enaded. That nothing in

fons exempted this ad contained (hall be conftrued to extend to charge with from the hair the faid laft-meritioned duty, any officer employed in his Ma* powder duty, jefty’s navy under the rank of commander, or any officer holding a comnaiflion in his Majefty’s navy under the faid rank, who (hall be employed on the eftabliftunent of the royal bofpital at

* Greenwich)

r8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgh III, c. 69 167 frreenwieh 5 nor any fubaltern or noncommiffioned officer or pri-»te man belonging to.any regiment in the army, artillery, militia, vifion of marines, or corps of'engineers; or any perfon into lied ad actually fcrving in any volunteer corps or body of men affo-ated for the defence of any city, town or place, and for main-aining publick tranquillity and good order within the fame, rhether of infantry or cavalry-, which now are or (hall hereafter e railed ; provided that every fuch perfon inralled and ferving as iforefaki,- io claiming to be exempt, (hall make fuch return as by this aft is directed, and procure and produce to the affeffors t>f the parifh where he (hall reiide, according to the directions of this a it, a certificate conformably to an ad made and palled in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An a£i for indemnifying perfons /truing in who have omitted to take out certificates for wearing hair powder; and to amend fo much of an act made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent	Majefty, intituled, * An ad for granting to his

Majefty a duty on certificates iffutd for ufing hair	as	relates

to the exempting perfons fording in volunteer coand certain in his Majefty*s navy ferving on the ejlablifbmtnt of the royal bofpital at Greenwich, from the faid duty-, and for obliging perfons claming to be exempt from the duties on	horjes, provided far W-

lunteer	corps, to deliver	certificates thereof to the proper

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it farther enacted, That nothing Further ^ in this aft contained (hall be conftrued to extend to charge with emPuo®8* the duty hereby impofed upon perfons wearing hair powder, any clergyman who (hall not be poflefled of an annual income of one hundred pounds or upwards, whether arifing from ecclefiaftical preferment or otherwife; nor any preacher or preachers of any , congregation of difTenters, or any perfon diffenting from the church of .England, in holy orders or pretended holy orders, who now is or at any time hereafter (hall be entitled to the benefit of the ftatute made in the first year of the reign of the late. King -William and Queen Mary, intituled. An act for exempting their Majefiies	proieftant fubjeftsdiffenting from the church of England,

from the penalties of certain laws, or of the ftatute made in the nineteenth year of (be reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An pft for	the,further relief of protefant diffenting	and

mafiers, or of the ftatute made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act to , upon conditions and under ref rift tons, the perfons therein defer ihed,frons certain penalties and	difabilities to which papifts or perfons prof effing the

religion are by law fubjeft, and who (hall not be potfeued of any annual income of one hundred pounds or upwards, however arifing} and the income arifing from any benefice or benefices {hall be eftimated on the average amount thereof, computed on the period of seven years next preceding that on which fuch ex<* eraption (hall be claimed.

VIII. Provided alfo, and be it enafod, That the unmarried daughters of any perfon (hall not be chargeable with the faid laft- unmar. mentioned duties, or be required to make any return under thisrieddaugh-

M 4	j^ten, being

168 Anno ragnl quadragefimo primo Geokgii III. c. 69. [1801.

afiefl'ed for aft, provided the parent of fuch daughters (hall have more than

the^utv ofa two unmarr*c^ daughters, and fhall hav$ given an account, in

fingle perfon any lift or lifts by him or her delivered under this aft, of the

wearing hair- whole number of fuch daughters, and (hall require to be aflefled

powder, fuch and charged for the whole number by one afleffment, in which

ftalfexem t ca^e evcrf Parent (hall be aflefled and charged in refpe# of

the whole.** whole number of fuch daughters in twice the fum hereby

impofed on any (ingle perfon for his or her wearing hair powder,

which (hall exempt the whole number of daughters from the faid

duty; and that neither the perfon giving fuen account, or any of

the perfons returned in filch account, in refpe# of whom fuch

charge (hall be made as aforefaid, (hall in fuch cafe be liable to

any of the penalties impofed by this a&, by reafon of the dotf

Tf matter	not being'paid for the whole number of fach daughters.

pay the hair IX. Provided alfo, and he it further enabled, That if the

powder duty ,matter or miftfefe of any fervant or fervants (hall declare bis or

for his fer- far intention to pay the duty which may be charged or charge-

Mc m PUI‘ft|ancc this *n refpedt of any fuch fervant of fer-

they (hall be	vants itfing or wearing hair powder, and (hall in any lift or lifts

exempted	returned by him or her give a true account of all the fervants by

from it during h}m or her kept, in refpedf of whom fuch duty lhall be payable,

fetting forth the feveral capacities in which fuch fervants are re-nuance in his r . .	.	•	•	r	1 r .	«	r

fervice, and fpedhvdy kept, then and in fuch cafe the entry and return of

*thefr fuccef- fuch fervant or fervants in fuch lifts (hall be a fufficient authority

fore during to charge fuch mafter or miftrefs for all fuch fervants or fervant,

which^akT an<*	^eemet^	an<^ c®nft™ed to exempt the fervant or far-

# C P vants named therein, during his, her, or their continuance in the fame fervice; and alfo to extend to all and every fervants and fervant who (hall come into the service of fuch mafter or miftrefs in the room of fuch fervant or fervants fo named therein, to ferve in the feme capacity during the year for which the duty (hall be . fb charged; and no fervant or fervants named in fuch lift or lifts, nor any fervants ferving fuch mafter or miftrefs in any capacity mentioned in fuch lift or lifts, (hall, during the year for which fuch duty lhall be charged, be required, for himfelf or herfelf, to make any fuch return, or to pay the duties by this a& impofed on perfons tiling or wearing hair powder, nor be liable to any penalty by reafon of not making any fuch return, or not paying the faid duty.

beSn” du* X. Provided alfo, apd te it further enacted, That nothing in tiwnot to ex- this a& contained, in relation to'the duties by this a<ft impofed tend to the on perfons ufing or wearing any armorial bearing or enfign, lhall royal family, be conftrued to extend to any of the royal family, or to any per-

or by appointment, wear or ufe their arms, or any	arms	or infignia worn or ufea by the royal family, or

cities, &c/ ufed by any city, borough, or town corporate in Great Britain, Commence- XI. And be it further ena&ed, That the first aiMment to be mentof af- made of the faid rate or duty for ufing or wearing hair powder Tn^an^how *n	fliall	commence from and after the fifth day of Jfril

they ihaU be one thoufand eight hundred and one, and lhall be made for coe made, and whole year, at the rate mentioned in the laid feheduk marked when payable.	(A);

1801.] Anno regni quadragefimoprimo Georgii IIL c. 69. 169

(A.); and the first afleflment of the laid rates and duties for wearing and ufing any armorial bearing or enfign m England)

(hall commence from and after the fifth day of July one thou-fand eight hundred and one, and ihall be made for three quarters of a year and every future afleflment in England, of all the faid feveral rates and duties by this aA granted, (hall be made yearly, for one year commencing from the fifth day of April yearly ; and all the faid feveral rates and duties to be aflefled in England, Hull be paid on or before the tenth day of October in every year, upon all aflefiments made before that day, and upon all aflefC. ments made after the tenth day of 0fishery for that year, on or before the quarter day; videlicet, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Ofloiery which (hall next happen after luch afleflment; the first payment thereof to be made on or before the tenth day of Offober one thoufand eight hundred and one.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every afleflment of the Affcffments in faid feveral duties to be made in Scotland, fhall be made for One

whole year from the term of Whjtfunday in every year, and dial! ^^fy*0 P

be paid yearly; (that is to fay), on or before the twenty-ninth 7

day of September in every year/ upon ajl previous afleflrftents;

and upon all aflefiments made after that day, for that year, on

or before the twenty-fifth day of March and the twenty-ninth

day of September, which fhall happen next after fuch afleflment,

the first payment thereupon to be ipade on or before the twenty*

ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one.

XIII.	Provided always. That the first afleflment to be made First afleflT-in Scotland of the faid duty for wearing hair powder, {hall be for in one year from the faid term of Whitfundayy and the eighth part

of another year in addition, to anfwer the duty for the period duty to be mr then elapfed between the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight one year and hundred and one, and the faid twenty-fourth day of May one the eighth , thoufand eight hundred and one; which additional one-eighth vear°~ part fhall be paid, together with the first half-yearly payment, as y aforefaid : provided atfo, That all perfons who fhall have already where the paid the duty on certificates for ufing armorial bearings or en- armorial figns, until and upon the twenty-fourth day of June one thou- bearing duty_ fand eight hundred and one, and Ihall be aflefled under this aA from the twenty-fourth day of May one thoufand eight hundred June by and one, fhall, after paying the faid first afleflment, be entitled to perfons afleff. receive from tbe commiffioners of ftamps, or any officer ap- from May pointed by them, out of any monies arifing from the duties fl^Hbeenri-^ hereby repealed, fuch a proportion of the duties already paid as t]ea to a pro-Ihall be neceffafy to prevent a double payment of the faid duties portion therefor the faid period, for which purpofe the faid commiflioners of gf from the ftamps are hereby required to make fuch orders in.refpeA t0*ftan*Pofficc» the time and manner of fuefi repayments, as to them fhall appear belt calculated to effeAuate the intention of this aA, and to prevent a double charge.

XIV.	And be it further enaAed, That the cbmmiffioners au- ^^*{5°** tborifed or appointed,.or who fhall hereafter he authorifed or ^XC8ron e

appointed houfes, Sec.

170 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georqii III. c. 69. [1801. to be the com* appointed to put in execution the feveral ads relating to the ex^utine thi ^ut*es unc^er management of the commiflioners for the affairs M °f taxes on inhabited houfes, and on houfes, windows* and lights, and on mate fervants, and on carriages, and on horfes, mules, and dogs, (hall be commiflioners for executing this ad, and the powers herein-contained or hereby direded to -be applied, and in all and fingular the counties* ridings, divifions, (hires, ftewar-tries*, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, Jowns, and places refpec-lively within Gnat Britain, and (hall proceed in. the execution of this prefent ad in fuch and the fame manner as is prescribed by the faid ads relative to the duties on inhabited houfes, and on houfes, windows, and lights, and on male fervants, and on carriages, and on horfes, mules* and dogs; and the faid commif-ftoners (hall, in all things relative to the duties by this ad • impofed, have the like powers, authoritie$5 and jurifdidions, 'm appointing colledors, making afleflments, and in enforcing, correding, and amending, or relieving from the fame, as are given to them by the faid ads in like cafes, relative to the faid duties, except fo far as any alteration is made by this ad; and that the feveral furveyors, infpedors, afTeffors, and'colletffop, refpedively appointed or to be appointed to put in execution the faid feveral ads relative to the (aid duties before-mentioned, or arvy of them, (hall refpedively be furveyors, infpedors, a (Teflon, and colledors, to put in execution this ad, and (ball refpec* lively do and perform all fuch ads as (hall be  necessary for caufing notices to be delivered to and ferved upon all and every the perfons liable to the duties hereby impofed, at fuch times '	and in fuch manner as by the faid ads and this ad is required,

in relation to the before-mentioned duties refpedively, or any of them; and the faid commiflioners and other the perfons afore-faid, being duly qualified to ad in the execution of the faid (eve-rat ads above-mentioned, or any of them, (hall and they are hereby refpedively empowered and required to do all other things neceflary for putting this ad in execution, with relation to the faid duties hereby impofed, in the like and in as full and' ample a manner as they or any of them are or is atithorifed to put in execution the feveral ads now in force relating to the faid duties on inhabited houfes, and on houfes, windows, and lights, and on fervants, and op carriages, and on horfes, mules, and dogs, or any matters and things refpedively contained in any of the faid ads or any pther ad relating thereto, fo far as the fame are applied to the duties granted by thi6 ad, and not varied or altered by this ad.

afteffcd &C* XV. And be it further enaded. That the faid feveral rates as appointed* an<* duties by this ad granted, (hall feverally and refpedively be by any a<Sts aflefled, raifed, levied, colleded, and received, in fuch and the in force for like form and manner, and with fuch powers of furcharge, and tS*unferthe aPPea* ^rom *®me> un^er the like penalties and forfeitures, commiflion- an<* according to fuch rules, methods, and diredions and provi-en for the (ions, as are preferibed and appointed by any ad or ads now ifl afikiry of force for afieffing, railing, levying* colledmg, recovering, and

paying

8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 6y. aying the rates and duties under the management of the com-liflioners for the affairs of taxes, as far as the fame were in )rce at and immediately before the pafling this ad, and are fe-erally and refpe&ively applicable to the rates and duties hereby ;ranted, or any of them, and are not hereby altered; and all nd every the powers, authorities, methods, rules, dire&ions, laufes, matters, and things contained in any ad or ads, in relation 3 the faid rates and duties, or any of them, and in force at and ^mediately before the palling of.this ad, for the afleffing,railing,

’vying, colteding, and paying the rates and duties under ttte lanagement of the commtflioners for the affairs of taxes, or for aing for or recovering the penalties or forfeitures therein con-ained, and not hereby altered, (hall be in full,force, and be tverally and refpedively duly obferved, prattifed, and put in*

.*xecution throughout the different parts of Great Britain, for • the affefiing, furcharging, railing, levying, colleding, and paying the feveral duties by this ad granted, and for fuing for or recovering .the penalties or forfeitures herein contained, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame powers, authorities, methods, rules, diredions, claufes, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body df this ad.

XVI. And be it further enaded, That the aflefibrs for the time AflHTors to being (hall, within fixly days after the palfing of this ad, for caufe notice* the prefent year ending on the fifth day of April one thoufand thc d^)r# eight hundred and two, and for every fubfequent year after the of churches, faid day, within twenty-one days after the fifth day of April in &c, requiting fuch year, caufe general notices to be affixed on the doors of all perfoxw to the church or chapel and market houfe or crofs (if anv) of the ^hich^fhali be city, town, parilh, or place, for which fuch affelfors lhall ad $ deemed good and if fuch place lhall not have a church or chapel, or mar- ferviceo? ket houfe or crof$, then on the neareft church or chapel door fuch notice, of any adjoining pari(h, requiring all perfons refiding in the faid city, town, parilh, or place, who are by this ad required fo to do, to make out and deliver to the refpedive afleffors fuch lifts or declarations as are herein-after required; and fuch general notice (hall, from the time when the fame IhaJl be affixed, be deemed fufficient notice of the time within which the returns before-mentioned (hall be required to be made in each year, to all perfons refiding in fuch city, town, parilh, or place; and Che affixing the fame in the manner before direded lhall be deemed good service of fuch notice, to all perfons within the limits of fuch city, town, parilh, or place; and thc faid refpedive afleffors lhall caufe the faid notices from time to time to be replaced (if neceflary) for the fpace of twenty-one days, before the time required for the delivery of fuch lifts or declarations as aforefaid $ and every perfon wilfully tearing, defacing, or obliterating, any	^

fuch notice fo affixed, mall forfeit for every fuch offence a futn not exceeding twenty pounds nor lefs than five pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under any law relating to the duties under the management of the (aid comraif-fioners,

YVTT Pr,

17* Anno regni quadragefimoprigio Georgii III. c. <59. [1801,

A fit (Tors to	XVJI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That,

ETffg befides fuch general notice as aforefaid the faid refpe&ive affef-fc^fJs^amd° f°rs (h^l, within fixty days after the paffing of this ad, for the lodgers to yefpeftive periods aforefaid in which the fir ft affeffment under produce lifts, this ad is direded to be made, and for every fubfequent year after the faid periods, within twenty-one{lays after the fifth day pf April in England\ and the twenty-fourth day of May in Scot* laniy in every fuch year, give or leave at every fuch dwelling .houfe where Smy perfon liable or fuppofed to be liable to the duties hereby impofed, or either bf them, (hall refide, within the limits of the places for which fuch affeffors ad, one notice to and for the occupier thereof; and wheire fuch dwelling hook (hall be let in different apartments, and occupied diftindly by • different perfons or families, a like notice to and for the occupier of each diftind ftory or apartment, provided any perfon liable or fuppofed to be liable as aforefaid (hall refide there ; and alfoa like notice to and for every perfcpi fo liable then redding in fuch dwelling houfe as a lodger or inmate within the knowledge of jfucb afleffor or affeffors, requiring fuch perfons refpedlively to prepare and produce, within twenty-one days next enfuing the day of giving fuch notice, a lift or declaration in writing in the f^notf°rm herein-after required; and if any perfon liable to the fail wing lifts to duties, or either of them, or coming within any of the exemptile aJieliors. tions contained in this ad, (hall negled or refufe to make out and deliver to the afleffor or affeffors a lift or declaration in the form and within the time herein preferibed, after fuch general or ' fpeciai notice s*s aforefaid, and as the cafe may require, he or (he fo refufing or negleding fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the film of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any other penalty may be recovered by any law relating to the duties under the management of the faid commiflioners; and fiich afleffor or affeffors fhall return to the commiflioners for executing this aft the names of the perfons making fuch default* whofiiaU^ve XVIII# And be it further enaded. That every perfon who worn hair VCIhall have ufed or worn hair powder, or any armorial bearingor powder, or enfign, within the year ending on the then preceding fifth day any armorial of April in England^ or twenty-fourth day of May in ScotkrJ, bearing, with- ^ajj ceUirn a lift or declaration as herein-after mentioned, in the ing year^ fhall Par^h or place where he or (he fhall then refide, within twenty, return a*lift ope days after the affixing or delivering of fuch notice as afore-within a limit- fijid; and every lift to be made out in purfuance of this a<$ fhall tai t’,nCf nd”" ^ writing and figned with the name in the proper hand particulm. ** writing, and (hall contain the place of abode of the perfon re-■	*	turning	the fame, with a declaration whether he or (he is a houfe-

keeper, or ope of the family, or a lodger, inmate, apprentice, or fervant abiding in the houfe qf any perfon; and eyery lift returned by any occupier of a dwelling houfe or diftindt apart-*	ment as aforefaid, (hall contain the names and places of abode

of every perfon refident in fuch dwelling houfe, diftinguiihing . whether fuch perfons fo refiding be of the family, or be lodgers At inmates, or apprentices or fervants; and in cafe fuch houfe-

Anno regni quadragdimo prime Georgii lit. c. 69. 173

holder or occupier having unmarried daughters, or any fervant or fervants, (hall be defirous of being personally charged to the duties hereby impofed on perfons ufing or wearing hair powder inftead of and for his or her unmarried daughters, or for any fervant or fervants* as herein is allowed, then alfo fuch lift (hall contain the number and names of fuch unmarried daughters and fervants refpeftivelyto be fo charged to him or her, and the capacities in which fuch fervant or lervants fliall ferve; and if any Penalty for occupier of any dwelling houfe or diftinft apartment as aforefaid, not returning (hall not return a lift of perfons refiding with him or her a$ omit^epeiw aforefaid, or (hall omit any perfon who ought to have been in- fond who ' eluded therein, and who to his or her knowledge (hall have ought to have worn orufed hair powder, or any armorial bearing or enfign, been included within the period for which fuch return fhould be made, every t“erein fuch occupier (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, and fliall be liable to profecution, and be deemed guilty thereupon, whether it fliall appear that the perfon fo omitted or pot returned hath or hath notfor himfelf or herfelf made a return at the fame or any other place, or hath or hath not been profecuted for any offence againft this aft, or is or is not amena~ ble tojuftice therefor; and the conviction of any perfon for not returning or omitting any other ptrfon as aforefaid, (hall not be deemed to exempt the perfon fo omitted or not returned from paying the duty by this aft impofed, or from profecution or punishment for any offence againft this aft; provided that any pei*-fon refiding in any dwelling houfe, at the time of making fuch return, as a lodger or inmate, who (hall elfewhere have his or her place of ordinary refldence, (hall be returned as ordinarily refiding in fuch other place.	;	,

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That the faid affelTors fliall, Afleflors, oa upon receipt of any lift containing the name of any lodger or contra-inmate returned as liable to any of the duties by this aft im- ingthenamet poled, within the parifli or place where the faid affeffors aft, give of lodgers,

or leave the like notice for every fuch perfon to prepare and pro- to leave 110-

duce, within the like period, a lift or declaration (igned as afore- tice for them

faid j and every fuch perfon (hall, within twenty-one days after

notice left at fuch dwelling houfe, make out a lift or declaration,

as the cafe (hall require, and fign the fame fin the manner before

dire&ed, under the penalty before mentioned for neglefting to

deliver any fuch liftor declaration to any houfeholder.

XX.	And be it further coafted. That every occupier as afore- Every occu-faid, in whofe dwelling houfe or apartment any perfon liable to pier of a houfe the duties by this aft granted, or any or either of them, fliall jo^iers^n'ot refide as a lodger or inmate, (hall, for the purpofe of making ac- having re-curate returns, caufe the contents of the notice left at his or her ceived notice, dwelling houfe. to l^e read over hnd made known to each and to declare every fuch lodger or inmate not having received a like nottete*

requiring them refpefttvely to declare to him or her, and atteft, turns, whe-the return to be made, whether he or (he be liable to the faid da- ther they be ties or either of them. Or be exempted therefrom; and every liable t° the_ perfon fo refictefer, being thereunto required, as aforefaid, (hall be they

obliged •	1

*74 Anno regni quadragefimoprimo Georgii 111. c. 69. £i8ot#

obliged to make fuch declaration, except perfons having places of ufual refidence elfet^here as aforefaid; and if any fuch lodger or inmate (hall wilfully refute to give an account as required by tbis aft, or to atteft the return to be made thereof, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be re-Ibch account, covered as any penalty may be recovered as aforefaid ; or if any Treturn**or C 0CCUP^er to whom atiyluch declaration (hall be made, (hall neg-occupiers left to infert the fame in the return to be made to the afieflor Begirding to or afleflors in purfuance of this aft, every fuch perfon (hall alfo infert fuch dc- forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as aforefaid.

have ufual frefidence clfcwhere. Penalty, on loggers re-fufing to gi vc

claration in the return.

Perfons not chargeable with the hair powder duty, for the first period of making an affeffment under this aft, who Jhaii make a return to the afiefiors of the places

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this aft (hall be conflrued to extend to charge with the faid duty impofed upon perfons ufing hair powder, for the first period of making an afleflment under this aft, any perfon who (hall have duly obtained a (lamped certificate, purfuant to the direftions of the faid recited aft, pafled in the thirty-fifth year aforefaid, for the year ending on the fifth day of Jpril one thou-(and eight hundred and two, provided fuch perfon, when required, (hall make a return to the afleflor or afleflbts where he (hall refide, of the office or place where he (hall have' taken out fuch certificate; and if required fo to do, (hall produce fuch certificate to the faid affelTor or afieflors: provided alfo. That if any perfon to or for whom a notice as aforefaid thall be delivered,

ftall^havc tak not ^ave worn or hair powder, or any armorial bear-en out*cert1-" *nS or cn^gn> within the period for which fuch return (hail be ficates lor the required, fuch perfon being required fo to do, (hall neverthelels ^ear ending return a declaration thereof, according to fuch form as the aflef-for or afieflors (hall have delivered for that purpofe, on pain of forfeiting, for any negleft therein, any fum not exceeding five pounds nor lefs than forty (hillings, bearings, (hall nevertbelefs return a declaration to notices.

XXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That any perfon claiming to be within any of the exemptions contained

make areturn in this aft, (hall make a due return thereof, according to fuch thereof ac- form as (hall be required by the afieflor or afieflors; and if any cordingto the difpute (hall arife whether the perfon be entitled to fuch exemp-e^^aS'ef-* t*on> the proof thereof (hall lie on the perfon claiming fuch ex-fora; and if emption, who on any fuit or profe.cution, or on any furchargc, any difpute (hall be permitted to alledge the fame on oath or affirmation, or (hall anfe, the to prove the fame by lawful evidence to be produced and (hewn on^e^aim- ^ him 5 Prov^e^ that no exemption be allowed, unlefs the ant, * lame and the caufe thereof (hall have been duly returned to the afleflor or afieflors as aforefaid.

Lodgers hav- XXIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That every naryTefidence Per^on being an inmate or lodger in any pariQi t>r place at the atfeme other t‘mc receiving any fuch notice as aforefaid, and having

April 5, i8oz, Perfons not having worn hair powder or armorial Perfons ‘claiming exemptions to

place, and perfons

ordinary refidence at feme other place whereat fuch perfon ought » v	fo be charged, and every perfon who hath or (hall have divers

havmgdivers p]accs 0f refidence, and is or may be defirous of paying the faid dence (half ~ duties at one of fuch places, (hall be obliged to deliver a return deliver are- at each of fuch places, declaring therein the particular county turn at each	and

iSoi.j Anno regni cjuadragefimo primo GeorcJiI III. c

md parifli or place where he or (he intends or ought to be :harged for the faid duties, and the particular defcription of fuch futy or duries, to enable the afleffor or afieffors at fuch place to :harge the fame accordingly; on pain that every perfon offending n any of the particulars before-mentioned, (hall be chargeable at either place, and for negleft in making fuch return (hall for-feit and pay the fuifi of twenty pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the commiffioners of lamp duties for the rime being (hall, fo foon after the paffing >f this aft as conveniently can be done, caufe a lift in alphabe-ical order to be made out, of the names of all and every the aerfons who (hall have obtained certificates in purfuance of the iaid aft of the thirty-fifth year aforefaid, for the year ending on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and two, containing the proper names, places of abode, and the defcription of fuch perfons refpeftively, and (hall tranfmit the fame to the commifiioners for the affairs of taxes; a copy of which lift, or any part thereof, figned by the fecretary to the faid laft-mentioned commilTioners, (hall be admitted in evidence in all courts and before all perfons afting in the execution of this aft, and for which copy no more than one (hilling (hall be paid for each perfon contained therein*

XXV.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful'for the commifiioners for the affairs of taxes to caufe fuch lift or lifts of names and places of abode of perfons having made returns in purfuance of this aft, or of perfons charged to the duties by this aft granted, to be made out for the purpofe of being infpefted by any perfon or perfons who lhall make application to infpeft the fame, as to them (hall feem necefiary for the better execution of this aft, and to authorife copies of fuch lifts, or any* part thereof, to be made out in fuch manner, by the feveral infpeftors, furveyors, and officers employed under them, and at fuch times and at fuch places, as to fuch commif-fioners (hall feera fit; all which lifts and copies figned by any infpeftor or furveyor, or other officer aforefaid authorifed by the faid commifiioners, (hall be admitted in evidence in all courts and before all perfons afting in the execution of this aft, and for which copies the like fee and no more may be taken as is herein-before allowed.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the commifiioners for the affairs of taxes, under the direftion of the lords commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury, from time to time to ptiblilh or caufe to be publilhed in the feveral counties, ridings* divifions, cities, towns, parifbes, and places refpeftively, in fuch manner and form as they (hall think moft fit, lifts containing the names of any perfons charged to any of the duties granted by this aft, and to caufe the fame to be affixed as hereinafter mentioned; and if any perfon (hall wilfully tear, deface, or remove any lift of any fuch names, or any part of fuch lift, that (hall be affixed by order of fuch commifiioners as aforefaid upon any church or chapel door or market crofs, he or (he (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of five pounds.

XXVII. And

.6$. 175

place, declaring where they intend to he charged for the duties, on penalty of »ot. ComraiiTton-ers of (lamps to tranfmit an alphabetical lift of the perfons who (hall have obtained certificates under 35 Geo. 3, c. 49, tor the year ending April 5, iSoa* to the commifiioners for taxes.

Copie8 of lifts figned by the fecretary to the tax office, (hall be admitted as evidence. Commifii oners for taxes may caufe lifts of perfons having made returns, or of perfons charged to the duties to be made out for the infpeftiou of any perfons applying, and may authorife copies to be made by their oificers which (hall be ad* mitted in* evidence. Commifiioners for taxes, by direftion * or the treafu-, may pu-lifh lifts of. the perfons charged to the duties, and caufe them to be fixed up. Penalty for defacing or removing lifts

&

176 Anno regni quadrage^imo primo Georoii III c. 69. [1801*;

Thecommif- XXVII. And be it further cnaded, That the commiflioners j Coner9fn*the appointed t,o execute this a d, (hall, in the precepts to be from I appointment t*me to t^e direded by them,, foe the appointment of afleffors of affeffors, under the faid ads, relative to the faid duties on inhabited under the ads houfes, and on houfes, windows, or lights, and other the duties relative to the before. mentioned, or any of them, caufe notice to be inferte;4., houfes°&Ci l^at Perf°ns are a'f° appointed afleflors of the duties granted (hallinfert* by this ad; and if at any time there (hail be a negled of ap« that fuch per- pointment of the afleflors of the faid duties, or if at any time the fonsareap- perfons appointed (hall negled to do and perform what is re-(^ofthe6 " <lu,red °f ihem by this ad, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall duties grant- be lawful for the furveyor or furveyors, or infpedor or isfpec-ed by this aft; tors, appointed or to be appointed under authority of the faid and if fuch	ads, an(j they are hereby required, to do and	perform fuch and

ftould beneg- ^e ferv*ces as hy	‘s required from afleflors.

leded,1 or the afleffors fliould not perform their duty the furveyor fhall do it If afleflors, i&c.	XXVIII. 'And be it further enaded, That if at any time the

fdns^able to" a^e^ors» furveyors, or infpedors, or any of them, mall, upon the^uties ° examination of any lift or lifts, or otherways, find that any havenotmade perfons liable to the duties granted* by this ad hath not made any or true	any return, or a true return, whereby fuch	perfon could be

charged at the rates which he or (he ought	to be charged by

chargethem, virtue of this ad, fuch afleflors, furveyors, and infpedors re-andif any per- fpedively, (hall furcharge and make a true afleffment upon fuch fon fur-	perfon, charging fuch perfon the fum which ouglit to be charged

charged be	by' v^tue 0f this ad ; and if any perfon fo furcharged (hall upon

the^romimf^ an aPPeal againft fuch furcharge,:dr at the time of allowing the fioners guilty fame, upon any information exhibited before the faid commif-ofany offence floners for executing this ad, or any two of more of them, be for which a adjudged by them to be guilty of any offence again ft this ad, for which any pecuniary penalty is inflided,it (hall be lawful for the ed, they may faid commiflioners to affefs upon the party by way qf penalty affefs ape- any further fum, not exceeding the penalty hereby inflated for malty in addi- fuch offence, in addition to the faid duty, as the faid commif-duty.° C floners (hall think fit, and to caufe the faid penalty fo affefied to be charged upon fuch perfon, and to be colleded in the fame man-Afleflors Sec• ner as ^ut*cs grante<^ hy this ad are direded to be colleded; making fur- *an<^ afleffors, furveyors, and infpedors making fuch fur-charges entit- charges, (hall be entitled to receive from the receivers general kdtothepe- the amount of fuch penalties, in fuch (hares, where two or wltte^ more of them are employed, as the commiflioners for executing Adjudicati- this ad (hall certify to the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, cos of com- they are refpedively entitled unto; and the adjudication of the miffioners to faid commiflioners (hall be final and condufive to all intents and not iremove- PurP°^csJ without power of appealing from the fame; and the able, except a proceedings of the faid commiflioners (hall not be removeable cafe be de- by any procefs whatever into any court of law or equity, except manded and a cafe fhall be demanded and (bated for the opinion of one of IrfthejudKes ju^Ses or juftices of the fuperior courts, mentioned in the J °es* faid ads, conformably to the diredions contained therein in other cafes relative'to affefied taxes; provided always, That the

ftid

3oj.] Anm> regni quadragcfimo pritno Georgii III. c. 69. 177

tid cam mi flippers (hall in no cafe mitigate the fum to be aflefled y way of penalty as aforefaid, to a lefs fum than one-fourth part ' (he fum to which the penalty as exprefled in this aft is thereby mired npt to exceed: provided alfo, That the afleffment of any 1m as aforefeid, by way of penalty, by the faid cgmmiflioners, tty he pleaded or (hewn in bar of any fubfequent profecution pr iit for the fame offence;

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or per- Ady Pfffon ins charged to tjie duties granted bv ti>i| aft, or either of them,

12II remove oat of the parish or place without first paying or jng the duties, (charging all the faid duties charged upon hixp, her, or them, or leaving x that year, or without leaving in fuch parifb or place fufficient cffc&® where-oods and chattels whereon the faid duties may be r3ifed and ^ vied as they refpeftively become payable, and the fame (hall (hall forfeit ;majn unpaid for the fpace of twenty days after the time ap- aol.; and the ointed by this aft for payment thereof, every fuch perfon (hall comraiffion-

every fuch'offence forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds; ^j^^here nd it (ball be lawful for the comwiflioners for executing this charged (hall 61, in the parifh or place Where fuch duties (hall be charged, certify to the nd they are hereby required, to certify to the commiflioners of comroi(fion-my diftrift where fuch perfon may be, at any rime and from time where :o time as the cafe may require, the amount of the afleflment fuch perfon m<jic upon fuch perfon or perfons, together with the amount of maybe the tfhat maybe in arrear and due thereon; and fuch lad-mentioned amou”t :ommiffioners (hall thereupon iffue a warrant of diftrefs for the ~j recovery cf the whole of the duty that (hall then be in arrear, be in arrear/ and the reafonable cofts attending fuch certificate and diftrefs, for which they and the recovery pf the faid duties, together with any fum that (hall ifTue a may have been impofed upon fuch perfon by way of penalty for ^^ef^with any offence againft this aft; and if goods pr chattels cannot b$Cofts and found whereon diftrefs for the whole fums contained in fuch penalty, warrant cannot be made, then fuch part as cannot be io levied by diftrefs as aforefaid, (hall he recoverable as a debt uppt) record to his Mgjefty, his heirs and fucceffors.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That all the monies arifing Duties to be

by the rates granted by thia aft, the occeffary charges pf railing exchequer^ and accounting for the fame excepted, (hall from time to time andeairiedto be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’g exchequer, and (hall be theconfoli-carried to and made part pf the consolidated fund.	dated fund.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further eoafted. That the Duties for H-monies arifing from the dvttiet °0 perfons in yefpeft of their

wearing or ufing hair powder, and the duties on perfons in re- [he c^equer fpr<2 pf their-wearing or ufing armorial beariogs or enfigns, (bpll, apart from during the remainder of the refpeftivp periods of ten years, to be each other and computed from the times pf granting the duties on certificates as frolj! ^ othcr aforefaid, hereby repealed* mentioned in the faid recked aft*, be ^nucs, and paid into the laid receipt diftinftly and apart from each other and entered in from all other branches of the publick revenue; and jhere (hall feparateac* be provided and kept, in the dlice of the auditor of the faid re- counts, teiptj a bfipk; in which ail the produce gf the faid fij-ft-mentioned duty (hall be entered in the feparate account direfted to be kept Vat, XL1II. •'	N	by

178 Anno regni quadragefimoprimo Georgii III. c. 69. £1801.

by fevefal a&s paflfcd in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, (hall be entered; and another book in which all the produce of the laft*memioned duties (ball be entered in the feparate account direded to be kept by the feveral ads pafled in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the purpofcs in the laid feveral ads refpedively mentioned.

SCHEDULE A.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable by perfons ufing or wearing hair powder*

iSm d.

BY every perfon who (hall ufe or wear any hair

powder, the annual fum of	-	-	11 0

The faid rate or duty to extend to every fort or compaction of powder which (hall t>e ufed or worn by any perfon as an article of or in or about his or her drefs, by whatever name the fame (hall be diftingui(hed, and to be afleUed upon and paid by the perfon ufing or wearing the lame, except where the duties (hall be paid by the mailer or miftrefs of any fervant, or by the parent of any unmarried daughter, in the cafes in the ad mentioned.	•

S C H E D U L E B.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable by every perfon who (hall ufe or wear, or caufe to be ufed or worn, any armorial bearing or enfign, by whatever name the fame, (hall be called; (viz.)	'	j

BY every fuch perfon keeping a coach or other carriage chargeable with any duty under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, the annual fum of -	-	-.220

By every fuch perfon not keeping any fuch coach or other carriage, but who (hall be chargeable to any of the duties on inhabited houfes, or to the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, the annual fum of	-	-	-	1 1	o

By every fuch perfon not keeping any fuch coach or other carriage, not being chargeable to the faid duties on inhabited houfes, or to the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, the fum of	-	-	o	10	6

The faid rates and duties to be paid by the perfon ufing or wearing, or caufing to be ufed or worn, arinorial bearings or

enfigns.

CAP.

i89i.] Anno regrti quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 70. 179

WHEREAS,	notwithjlanding the great prejudice and detriment	Preamble.

which occafional afls of infolvency may produce to trade and t tredit, it may he convenient, in the prefent condition of the prifons and \aoh in this kingdom, that fame of the prifoners who are now confined 'herein Jhouid be fet at liberty i be it therefore ena&ed by the King's noft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and eonfent of he lords fpiritqal and temporal, and commons, in this prefent jarliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, Gaoler* to from and after the pafling of this a£t, all and every keeper or ^prifoners * gaoler of any prifon, in any county, riding, divifion, city, town, who,onMarch place, or liberty, within this kingdom, (hallos, and are hereby i> 1801, or required to make a true, exaft, and perfect lift, alphabetically, of j^ce, ^ at the name or names of all and every perfon or perfons, who, upon making^hem the first day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, was 0ut, were in or were, or at any time fince have been, under the terms and cuftody for conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out debt* &c. every fuch lift (hall be, really an adtual prifoner or prifoners, in the cuftody of any keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of any prifon refpecHvely, upon any procefs whatfoever, for or by rea-fon of any debt, damage, cofts, fum or fums of money, or contempt for nonpayment of money; and an account of the time when fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were refpe<3ively charged * in cuftody, or received in prifon, together with the name or names of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit or profecution fuch prifoner or prifoners is or are detained; and (hall deliver thetfame jj^e^tothe" to the juftices of the peace, at their first or fecond general quarter quarter fef-feflion, or general fefnon of the peace, to be held after the pailing fion. of this a&, or at fome adjournment thereof, for fuch county, riding, city, divifion, town, place, or liberty refpe&ively.

II. And be it further ena&ed. That thp warden of his Majef- garden of ty’s prifon of the Fleet, and marfhal of the king’s bench prifon, ^take an^0* and every other keeper and gaoler of any other prifon in any oath on place or liberty, in this kingdom, (hall feverally, on the deliver- livering in ing in of any fuch lift of prifoners in their refpeftive cuftody, lifts, take an oath, in the open court of fuch general quarter feflion or general fefiion of the peace, or adjournment thereof, to the effe£k following; (that is to fay),

‘T/S, upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty 1 God, do folemnly fwear, profefs, and declare. That all and every perfon and perfons, whole name or names is or are infcrted and contained in the first part of the lift by me now delivered in and fubfcribed, was or were, to the beft of my knowledge, and belief, upon the first day of Afarch one thoufand eight hundred and one, really and truly prifoners in a&ual cuftody, in the prifon °([infert the name of the prifon], at the fuit.or fuits of the feveral perfon or perfons therein refpe&ively mentioned; and alfo. that

CAP. LXX. *

An act for the relief of certain insolvent debtors. [June 27, 1801.]

N 2

all

180 Anno regni quadragefimo prime Georgii lit. c. 70, £i8of 4

all and every perfon and perfons whofe name or names is or are Inferted or contained in the fecond part of the faid lift now by me delivered in and fubferibed as aforefaid, have, fmee the faid first day of March one thoufand eight hundred and ‘one, been committed or furrendered to the faid prifon [infert the nanutf the prifon]y at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfon or peribns therein refpe&ively mentioned; and that the perfon or perfons whofe name or names is or are therein contained, was and were, to the beft of my knowledge and belief, really and truly prifoners in a&uai cuftody on the faid first day of March, as appears by the returns made to me on his and their refpedive commitments.

So help me GOD.*

administered ^*ich the faid juftices, at their first or fecond general quarter in open cotxrt, fe®on or general feflion aforefaid, or at feme adjournment and entered * thereof, within their refpedive jurifdidtions, are hereby empow~ at the end of ered and required to adminifter in open court; and the words of the lift. the ^th, herein-before directed to be taken by the/aid warden and marfhal refpedtively, and other keeper or gaoler of any prifon refpedively, (ball be entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which fhall be delivered in by them refpe&ively, and (hall be fubferibed and fworn to by them refpe&ively in open court; Lift to be kept and every fuch lift, which (hall be fo delivered in, fubferibed, and SSlSe fworn <0’ in purfuance of this adt, (hall be kept by the clerk of and ma^be*	town	clerk,	or	other	officer	adting	as	clerk	of	the

examined peace of every fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or gratis.	liberty refpedively, in which any fuch lift as aforefaid fhall be

fworn to, foe the better fatisfa&ion of the faid juftices, and information of all or any priioner or prifoners therein named, and fo as the fame may, from time to time, be feen and examined by any creditor dr creditors, or prifoner or prifoners, without fee or reward.

, Three copies III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That of lifts to be ajj aiu| every keeper or gaoler, keepers or gaolers, of any fuch • each pnfbn prifon of	are	hereby	required, ten	days	at	lead	be-

ten days be-, fore the first or fecond general quarter feffion or general feflion fore the fcf- of the peace (hall be held after the palling of this adt for the fion.	county, riding, city, divifion, town, place, or liberty, in which

any prifon or gaol mall be, or to which the fame (hall belong, to fix up, in feme confpicuous place or places in every fuch prifon or gaol, and at the moil frequented and ufual gate, door, or entrance, into every fuch prifon or gaol, three or more true copies of the lift or lifts propofed or intended to be delivered in by any fuch keeper or gaoler at the faid general quarter feffions, or at feme Prifoners, on adjournment thereof.

Marchi,i8cu, IV. And be it further enadled, That all and every perfon and for debts not perfons who, on the first day of March one thoufand eight hun-i^sool. con- ^red anc* one> wcre c*Mirgwl *n an^ prifon or gaol for the non-fiorming to	payment of any debt or debts, fum or films of money, which did

this a&, to	not in the whole amount to a greater funs than one thoufand five

be difeharged.	hundred

i Soi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 70. 1S1

Jbundred pounds, and whofe name or names (hall be infer ted in any fuch lift to be delivered in as aforefaid, taking the oaths hereby directed to be taken, and (hall perform, on his or her • what is required to be done by him or her by this aft, (hall, as to his perfon and effefts refpeftivcly, be for ever releafed, dif* charged and exonerated, to fuch extent and in fuch manner as is Jierefn-after provided, and no otherwife,	,

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That it (hall be

Jawful for any perfon or perfons, who, on the faid first day ofprifon after*14 JWarcb one thoufand eight hundred and one, was or were charged Marchi,i8oi, in any prifon or gaol, or in cuftody of any keeper or gaoler of and before a ny prifon or gaol, for the nonpayment of any debt or debts, or tjj? pafling of fums of money, not exceeding the fum herein-before mentioned, J^out their and who (hall have been difcharged by any creditor or creditors, confent, en-without the confent of* fuch debtor, after the faid first day of titled to the. March, and before the paffing of this aft, neverthelefs to take benefit of this the benefit thereof, and he, (he, or they, (hall be entitled to all ^^ing^ the benefits of this aft, in like manner as if he, (he, or they themfclvesat were in cuftody at the time of the palling of this aft: provided, feffions. 'That any fuch perfon (hall prefeot a petition for that purpofe to the juft ices of the peace at any next general or quarter feifions, or any fpecial or adjourned feffion of the peace, and furrender himfelf or herfelf at fuch feifions, and (hall give notice of fuch furrender in the London or Dublin Gazette, as the cafe may require, in like manner and form as is prescribed by this aft for notices by perfons intending to take the benefit of this aft, as far as the form in the faid aft contained is applicable to fuch perfon.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Perfons ?m-

perfon (hall have been or (hall be committed to any gaol or pri- prifoned be-fon, or to the cuftody of any keeper or keepers, or gaoler or*°*£the gaolers of any gaol or prifon refpeftivcly, at any time before the {^af^or patting of this aft, for any debt or debts, or fum or fums of money any debt far for which he or (he (hall have been imprifoned at any time before which they the faid first day of March one thonfand eight hundred and one, (hallhave been and at the fuit of the fame plaintiff, then and in fuch cafe every	*at

fuch perfon (hall be entitled to all the benefits of this aft, and be the fame deemed and conftrued to be within all and every the provifions plaintiff, be* thereof, in like manner in every refpeft as if he or (he had been

charged in any prifon or gaol, and was aftually imprifoned or in to^he benefit cuftody on the faid first day of March one thoufand eight hun- Qf this aft. dred and one; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftdnding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be Juftices, on lawful for any juftice or juftices of the peace of any county, ri- petitions of ding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, |iveringrfche-upon the petition of jmy fuch prifoner or prifoners to any juftice dales ft their or juftices of the peace, within his or their refpeftive jurifdiftions, eftates, may upon every fuch prifoner ©r prifoners fo petitioning, and, at the*ffu* ^rfant8 time of his or her fo petitioning, leaving with the juftice or juf- [hem^the tices of the peace fp petitioned, a true copy of the fchedule, con- quarter fef-

N 3	taining	non, &C.

x82 Anno regni quadragefimoprimo Georoii III. c. 70. [1801.

. taining his or her intended difcovery of his or her real and per-fonal eftate, to be fworn to at the first or fccond general quarter feffion next enfuing after every fuch petition, or fome adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and feal, or under their hands and feals, to require the fheriff or fheriffs, keepers or gaolers of any fuch prifon, within the jurifdiftion of any fuch jurtice or juftices, to bring before the juftices at the first or fecond next general quarter feffion or general feffion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held, as the cafe (hall happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of fuch warrant, for fuch refpeftive county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any perfon being in the faid prifon as aforefaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the caufe or caufes which he, fhe, or they is or are charged with in any prifon or gaol as aforefaid, at the time aforefaid; for which copy or copies of fuch caufe or caufes, fuch prifoner fhall apply to the faid keeper or gaoler of fuch prifon, or to the clerk of the papers, or other per-fon wtyo fhall make out and tranferibe the fame, at lead fix days before the time of his or her appearance; which warrant of every juftice or juftices, every fuch fheriff* and fheriffs, keeper or gaoler is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VIII.	And whereas confiderabfo time may intervene between the pojfing of this aft) and the next general quarter fejfton or generalfejfon of the peace, which would be the means of detaining in prifon a number of perfons, who, with their families, are in the greatef difir eft j

Two juftices may, upon petition from debtors, af-femble their

x*mlt**/00” lt further ena&ed. That it fhall and may be lawful for any two or more of the juftices of the peace for any county, riding, ftivilion, city, town, place, or liberty, upon petition, from debtors as aforefaid, to affemble their refpeftive courts as foon as may be after pafling this aft, for the purpofe of adminiftering the oaths, and other the matters required by this ad, and to appoint fuch day or days for the difeharge of prifoners'as they fhall fee proper.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the copy of every fuch fchcdule which fhall be left or delivered in as aforefaid, fhall be and remain with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, pity, town, place, or liberty, in which the fame fhall have been fdleft, thdre to remain and be infpefted, from time to time, as pccafion fhall require, by any creditor of any fuch prifoner who fhall derflre to ir.fpeft the fame.

X.	And be it further enacted, That all and every debtor and apb^ytor their ^e^tors confined in any gaol of that part of the united kingdom diicharge, to called England or Wales, who fhall intend to apply to be dif-give previous charged and exonerated under this aft as aforefaid, fhall first notice thrie^ caufe publick notice to be inferred in three fevetal London Ga-or Dubl nGa- ****(** previous to fuch general or quarter feffion or general feffion,

or the-adjournment thereof, at which fuch application fhall be made; and if fuch debtor (hall be in ciiftpdy in any fuch gaol out of London or the Weekly bills of mortality, then alfo in lomo

newfpaper

as may be after pafling this ad, for the purpofes thereof, and appoint days for the difeharge ofpri-r foners. Schedules to remain with ' the clerk of the peace for infpe&ion.

Debtors in tending to

3tette; See,

!

!k 8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primp Georgii III. c. 70/ 183

newspaper which fhall be publifhed in or near the county, riding, feivifion, city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he vr jpe fhaii be fo in cuftody; and in like manner all and every Gkebtor and debtors confined in any gaol of thafpart of the united Kingdom called Ireland^ who fhall intend to apply to be dif-charged and exonerated under this ad, fhall' first caufe publick 'notice to be inferted in three feveral Dublin Gazettej, previous to Ifuch general or quarter feflion, or general feflion,' or the adjournment thereof, at which fuch application fhall be made; fend if ;fiich debtor fhall be in cuftody in any gaol out of 1Dublin, or the county of Dublin, then alfo in fome newspaper in or near the county* city, town, or liberty, in the gaol whereof he or (he fhall be fo in cuftody; containing the name, trade, occupation, and defeription, and the two laft places of abode, if fo many, of every fuch debtor and debtors, and the prifoi^ wherein he, (he, or they is or are confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this ad, and mentioning fuch notice in fuch Gazette or newspaper refpeftively, to be the firft, fecond, or third notice, according^ the time of publifhing each of fuch notices; for the inferring each of the (aid notices in the London or Dublin Gazette, or in any other newfpaper, there {hall be paid each time, by every prifoner, the fum of four-pence and no more; the first of which (aid notices fhall be fo inferted in the (aid Gazettes refpec-tively, arid in the laid other newfpapers, as the cafe may require, twenty-one days at the leaft, and the laft of the faid notices fix days at the leaft before any fuch first or fecond general quarter feffion or general feflion or adjournment thereof, ihall be held as aforefaid, fo that as well all the creditors who have not charged the faid debtor or debtors in cuftody, as thofe creditors who have charged fuch debtor pr debtors in execution, or on mefne pro-cefs, or otherwife, may have fufficient notice thereof.

XI.	And^ to the intent that all creditors may have full and fuffi-dent time to conjider the matters and things contained in the fchedule or fcbedulesintended to be delivered in by any debtor or debtors; be it further enacted, That every fuch debtor, when he or ihe Ihall Debtors tode-(according to the direftions of this aft) publilh the first notice liver fchedulcs of an intention to take the benefit of this aft, he or fhe Ihall, in fuch notice, declare that the fchedule containing his or her in- the first now tended difeovery of his or her real and perfonal eftate (to be tice, fworn to in manner as by this aft is direfted) is lodged in the hands of the keeper or gaoler, or the deputy of fuch keeper or gaoler, of the prifon wherein any fuch debtor (ball be confined; and every fuch debtor is hereby direfted and required to deliver fuch fchedule to fuch keeper or gaoler, or deputy as the cafe may be, before he (hall publilh fuch first notice as aforefaid, figned with his or her own chriftian and furname, to be attefted by any fuch keeper, gaoler, or deputy; and in cafe any debtor (hall neg- and for neg-left or refufe to deliver one fuch fchedule to fuch keeper, gaoler,	rc‘

or deputy, prior to fuch his first notice to be given as aforefaid,	®

he or (he, upon due proof made of fuch negleft, to the fatisfac- * lion of the court to which fuch debtor (hall iqake application,

n*	(hall

i$4 Anno rtgtii quadragefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 70* [iBot.

(ball be remanded back to prifon, there to remain until he or (be Gaoler to at- (hall have complied with the directions ftforefaid : and every to^chedukr* ^ucb ^cfccPer» 6a°lcr> or deputy, is hereby directed and required to and to give?	the fignature of the debtor’s name to Fuch fchedule, and to

copies to receive the fame into his cuftody and charge giving a duplicate debtors* and thereof to every fuch debtor, with an acknowledgement of bis alfo to credi- having received the original; and he is hereby further required ing8them?on to deliver a true copy of any fuch fchedule, figned by himfclf* penalty of aol. Upon requeft made to him by any'creditor for that purpofe, in writing, fuch copy to be delivered to the credithr hintfeif, or to fuch perfon as he ihgll appoint to receive the fame, Within three days after demand made; and if any fuch keeper, gaoler, or de* putv, (hall negleCt or refufe to conform to the directions hereby given him refpeCtiog fuch fchedule, every fuch keeper, gaoler, or deputy, fo offending, (hall pay the fum of twenty pounds to any perfon who (hall fue for and recover the fame, in any of bis Majcfty’S courts of record at Wcjlminjttt or Dublin refpeCtively, as the cafe may be, by aCtion of debt*

Kotices tobc XII. And be it further enaCted, That the notices |p be given ■ by every debtor, in manner directed by this aCi, (hall be to the effeCt following: (that is to fay),

Form,	< T	[infert	the name, trade^ occupation^ and

A dtfcription, and tbe two lajl plates of abode, if fo Many] now confined in	[infert the name of the prifon and

uuntf]y and not being charged in cuftody op the first day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, with any debtor debts, fum or fums of money, exceeding in the whole the fum of bne thoufand five hundred pounds, do hereby give this [firft, fecohd, or third], publick notice, that I intend to take the benefit of an aCt, pafled in the fbrty-firft year of his prefect Majefty’s reign, intituled, [here fet forth tbe title of this afts and if it be the firfl notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice, tbat a true and perfeCt fchedule, containing a difcovery of all my real and per* fonal eftate, hereafter to be fworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any creditor applying for the fame to the keeper or gaoler, or his deputy, of the faid prifon.’

th^	^ ^nd cvcrY ^ucb notlce ^all b® figned by the debtor, and counter*

and gaoler. figncd bY thc keePcr.or g*0^ or deputy of vfuch keeper or gaol* er, of fucli prifon.	,

Debtors ap- XIII. And be it further enaCted, That every fuch debtor as plying at the aforefaid, not being charged as aforefaid, on the faid first day of ing noticed" March one thoufand eight hundred # and one, with any debt or were duly in- debts, fum or fums of money, in the whole to a greater amount felted, (hall, than the fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds, who lhall in open court, apply to the general or quarter feffion, or any adjournment

ed fehedules11"tbereo^ m ca^e ]t be Proved upon oath, or by pro* containing * during the faid three Gazettes and newfpapers refpfc&ivdy before certain parti- mentioned, to the faid juftices at any fuch feffion, or the adjourn* culars, and ment thereof, that fuch notices were inferted in the London and fovringC<Sh. ^blin Gazettes, and other newfpapers refpeCtivelyr as were re* s 9	quired

i8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo GAorgii III. c. 7Q. *85

quired in manner aforefaid, and that the perfon or perfons fo applying Was dr were a&ually a prifoner or prifoners on the first day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, in the prifon or gaol, in which his, her, or their name* or names is or are fpe-cified in the lift delivered in at fuch first or fecond feflion, or any adjournment thereof, or in fome other prifon or gaol as tforefaid, in purfdance of this a #, and (hall, in open court, at the faiid general quarter feflion or general feflion, or any adjournment . thereof, fubferibe and deliver in a true fchedule or account of all his or her real eftate, in poITeflion, reverfion, Remainder, or expectancy, and of any other nature and kind whatfoever, and alfo the whole of his or her perfonal eftate, which he or (he, or any perfon or perfons in truft for him or her, or for his or her ufe, benefit, or advantage, is or are feifed of, interefted in, or entitled to, or was or were in his, her, or their pofleffioh, cuftody, or power, or which he, (he, or they, or fuch perfon or perfons had any power of difpofing of or charging for his, her, or their benefit or advantage, at any time fince his.or her commitment to prifon, with the names of his or her feveral debtors, and where they nefjpe&ively live or may be met with; and the feveral fumS of money from them refpe#ively owing, and how the fame fc-fpeciively became'due, and are fecured, and if by mortgage, fpe-cialty, centra#, note, or other writing, then the name and names, and places of abode, of the feveral witnefles who can prove fuch debt or contra#s, (if there be any fuch), andfhall-alfomake oath and fwear to the following effed; according to the fpecial circumftances fo far as th*e fame (hall be confident with the provilions herein after contained; (that is to fay),

* T if. B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty Oath. , JL God, do folemnly fwear, proteft, and declare. That on the •	,

firft day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, I was really and truly a prifoner, in the adual cuftody of in the prifon or gaol of	at	the	fuit of

without any fraud or collufion whatfoever; and that I have, ever finfce my commitment, continued a prifoner within the prifon of	in	the	adual^ruftody	of	the keeper or

gaoler of the faid prifon of	[or	mentioning	fime

other prtjon or frifinsy as the cafe Vtay £r], or within the liberties thereof, at the fuit of	and	without any fraud or

collufion whatfoever; and that the fchedule now delivered by me, fend fubferibed, doth Contain, to the beft of .my knowledge, re7 methbrauce, and belief, a fulK juft, true, and perfedt account and difeovery of all the goods, effedls, and eftates, real and perfonal, in pofieflion, revfcmon, remainder, or cxp£#ancy, and of every other nature and kind whatfoever, which I, or any perfon in truft for me* bi* for rtiy benefit or advantage, arc feifea or pofiefled of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in my pofleffion, cuftody* or power, or in the poffeflion, cuftody, or power of any fuch peribft as aforefaid, or which I or fucb perfon had any power of difjfofing of or charging for my benefit or advantage,

at

136 Anno regni quadragefimo prima Georgii IILc.70. [1801.

at any time fince my,commitment to prifon, and of all debts to me owing, or to any perfon or perfons in truft for me, and of all the fecurities and contracts whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any .benefit or advantage may accrue to me, omo my life, or to any perfon or perfoDS in truft for me, and the names and places of abode of the fcveral . perfons from whom fuch debts are due and owing, and of the witneffes that can prove fuch d^bts or contra&s [if any fuch tbtrt i*], and that neither I, nor any other perfon or perfons in truft .	for me, or my ufc, have any lands, money, ftock, or any eftate,

real or perfonai, in pofleflion, reverlion, remainder, or expectancy, or of any nature or kind foever, or power of difpofing of, or charging for toy benefit or advantage, other than what are in the faid fcnedule contained, except wearing apparel and bedding for myfelf and family, working tools, and necefiary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a fum of money not exceeding five pounds, and thefe in the whole not exceeding the value of thirty pounds ; and that I have not, nor any perfon for me hath, direSly or indire&ly, fold, leffened, or otherwife conveyed, difpofed of in truft, or concealed, al( or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, ftock, debts, fecurities, contrails, or eftates, real or perfonai, whereby to fecure the fame, ot €0 receive or expe£t any profit or advantage therefrom, or with an intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or, creditors to whom ,1 am or was indebted in any wife howfoever.

So help me GOD.’

Schedule and	And the faid fchedule and oath (hall be, by every fuch debtor,

oath to be	fubferibed in the prefence of the juftices in open feffion of the

by peace, as hereby directed, and (hall be kept by, and remain with and to remain *bc clerb °f the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as with the clerk clerk of the peace, for the county, city, liberty, divifion, town, of the peace or place, where the fame fhall be fubferibed and taken, for the forperufalof better information of all the creditors of fuch debtor who (hall ere 1 oja.	defire or may have occafion to refort thereto, and every fucb cre-

*	ditor (hall be at liberty, at feafonable times in the day time, to

perufe and examine the ^me.

Court, at the XIV. And be it further enadled, That the juftices of the peace requeft of a within their refpe&ive jurifdidlions, at any fuch general quarter creditor, may fcffion or general feffion, or adjournment thereof, at the requeil gSleriTon anY creditor or creditors of any fuch debtor, are hereby autho-oath.	rjfed to caufe the deputy warden and’ marfhal of the fleet and

king’s bench prifon, or any other under officer, tipftafl^ and turnkey of any prifon or gaol, and any other perfon, within their re-fpedlive jurifdi£lions, to come before them, and to examine them refpedlively on oath touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths preferred by this a<ft to betaken, and the truth Debtor's oath thereof j and if the oath which fhall have been taken in open not being dif- COur|: by any debtor or debtors (hall not be difproved by good ^ourt to order te^mony °f any credible perfon or perfons on oath, and fuelh ulifeharge. juftices, or the major , part of them prefenf at any fucb general

quarter

1801.3 Anno regni quadragefimo prlmo Georgii III. c, 70. 187

quarter feflion or general feflion, or any adjournment thereof,

(hall be fatisfied with the truth of the oath taken by fuch refpec-rive debtor, then fuch juftices (hall, in fuch feflion, or fome adjournment thereof, adjudge fuch debtor or debtors to be entitled to the benefit of this and (hall order the faid (heriff or (he-riffs, keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of fuch prifon or pri-fons, forthwith to fet at liberty fuch prifoner or prifoners, without having or taking any fee or reward, other than one (hilling for the trouble of his attendance with every fuch prifoner at the faid feflion for his faid difcharge; and every fuch order (hall be a fuf-ficient difcharge to the fheriff or (heriiFs, keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of fuch prifon or prifons, and (ball indemnify him or them againft any efcape or efcapes, aflion or a&tons what foe ver for efcape, which (hall or may be brought, commenced, or pro-fecuted, againft him or them.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Eftate a"^r That all the eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft, of fuch debtor charged of, in, and unto, all the real eftate, as well freehold and copy- debtors vefted held as cuftomary, and to all the perfonal eftate, debts, and effedls in the clerk of every fuch debtor, (hall, immediately after fuch adjudication, of the peace* be, and the fame is hereby veiled in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer afting as clerk of the peace, of and for the tofuch cfedi. county, riding, city, town corporate, diviflon, liberty, or place, tors as the where any debtor (hall be refpedtively difeharged; and every fuch court (hall clerk of the peace, %town.clerk, or other officer acting as clerk oftmft for the the peace, is hereby directed and required to make an aflignment wjx0le. and conveyance of every fuch debtor’s eftate and effects, vefted in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace as aforefaid, to fuch creditor or creditors of the faid debtor as the juftices, at any general or quarter feflion of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which (hall be held by them within their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions, (hall order and direct, which aflignment and conveyance (hail be good and effectual in the law, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper (lamped, to veft the eftates thereby afligned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the fame (hall be fo afligned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, -and afligns, according to the eftate and intereft the debtor had therein; and every fuch aflignment and conveyance (hall be in truft for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every fuch debtor to whom the fame (hall be made, and the reft of the creditors of every fuch debtor, iri refped of or in proportion to their1 refpedlive debts; and every perfon or perfans to whom any fuch’aflignment and conveyance as aforefaid (hall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to fue, from time to time, as there may be occafion^ in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any eftate or etfeflscf any fuch debtor, and alfo to execute any truft ot power vefted in, or created for the ufe or benefit of any fuch debtor, but in truft for thebenefit of him or thcmfelves, and the reft of the Creditors of every fuch debtor, and to give fuch difcharge nnd

diferarges

j8S Anno rcgni quadragefimo primo Georqii JJI. c. 70. [iSci.

difcharges to any perfon or perfons who (hall refpeflnfely be in-Affignees to debted to fuch debtor as m?y be require; and every fuch 3ct	a®8nee ** a®gnees (hall, with all convenient (peed, after his or

and fell them, tjjCjr acCepting fuch ajfignment pr conveyance, ufe his and their beft endeavours to receive and get in the eftate and effe&s of every fuch debtor, and (hall, with all convenient fpeed, make fale of all the eftates of fuch debtor veiled in fuch aflignee or affignees; and if fuch debtor (hall be interefted in or entitled to any real eftate, either in pofiefiion, reverfion, or expectancy, the fame, within the fpace of two months after fuch alfignmenr and conveyance, Jhall be fold by pnbhck audion, in fuch manner, 2nd at fuch place, as the major part of the creditors of any fuch debtor, who (hall aflemble together on any notice in writing, pub)i(hed in the London Gazette, or in fome daily paper, if the • debtor before his going to prifon Tided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, or if in Dublin, or ihc county of Dublin, in- the Dublin Gazette, or in fome daily paper printed and publifhed at Dublin, and if elfewhere, then in fome newfpaptr which (hall be publifhed in or near the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, in which fuch debtor dwelled before he or (he was committed to prifon, thirty days before any fuch fale (hall be made, (hall, under his hand, or their hands, agree Affignees to on 5 and every fuch aflignee or affignees at the end of three months at fartheft from the time of his or their accepting any three months a®gnmcn* or conveyance as aforefaid, fhall make a fair and frfl verifying9 juft dividend of all fuch debtor’s eftate and effects, which fhall their accounts have been then recovered, amongft his or her creditors, in pro-00 oath. portion and in regard to each creditor’s refpedlive debt; but before any fuch dividend (hall be made, fuch aflignee or affignees (hall make up an account of fuch debtor’s eftate, and make oath in writing, before one or morejuftice orjufticesof tfie peace of the county, riding, or divifion, town, liberty, or place, in which any fuch debtor (hall have been difeharged, that every fuch account contains a fair and juft account of the eftate and effefts of every fuch debtor got in by or for fuch aflignee or affignees, and of all payments made in refpedt thereof, and that all payments in every fuch account charged were truly and bond fide made and Thntydays paid; and notice of the making of every fuch dividend fhall be making	publifhed in like manner as a meeting of the creditors is herein-

dends to be	before direfted to be publifhed, thirty days at leaft before the

given.	feme (hall be made; and no creditor (hall be allowed to receive

JJo creditor any (hare of fuch dividend, until *he (hall have made out the juft-to (hare till be nefs an(j identity of his debt by oath, or due proof, io writing, dcbtT^6 W befbrc fome fuch juftice or juftices; and if any creditor of fuch Reality of	debtor (hall be diflatisfied with the reality or fairnefs of any debt

debts may be	claimed by any other creditor, then the fame, at the requeft of any

inquired into fuch creditor or creditors fo diflatisfied, fhall be examined into attbefeffion. by the juftices of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place, in which fuch debtor (hall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the benefit of this adt, at their next general or quarter feffion, or fome adjournment thereof, and what they fhall

there

8oi.] Anno fegtii quadragefirtio primo Georgii III. c. 70.

iere determine in the premiCes (hall be conclufive to all parties;

id if, after payment of all fuch debtor’s creditors, there (ball any Surplus of .

f his eftate and effe&s remain, after payment of all reafonable

larges, the fame fhall be paid to fuch debtor, his executors, or for, **

iminiftrators.

XV f. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That all Creditors for nd every Creditor and creditors of any debtor who (hall be dif- ann^desor barged by virtue of this adl, for any furn or fums of money pay- {JJe at^any^fu-blc by way of annuity, or otherwife* at any future time or times, ture time, to y virtue of any bond, covenants, or other fecurities of any nature receive divi-diatever, may be and (hall be entitled to be admitted a creditor jkjj1^8<?Qr^n“ r creditqrs, and. may and fhall be entitled to receive a dividend r dividends of the eftate of fu£h debtor, in fuch manner, and bankrupt, pon fuch terms and conditions, as fuch creditor or creditors vould have been entitled uyto by the laws now in force if fuch lebtor had become bankrupt, and without prejudice in future to heir refpe&ive fecurities, otherwife than as tlfe fame would have ieen affedted by a proof .made in refpeft thereof by the creditor inder a commiffion of bankrupt, and a certificate obtained by the lankrupt under fuch commiffion.

XVII.	Andy for obviating any doWbts which may otherwife arife bow far the fever a I powers and authorities, by this aft vefled in or ’riven to clerks of the peace, may be lawfully done, exercifedy or performed by the deputy or deputies of the clerk of the peace for the county Palatine of Lancafter, (the faid office of clerk of the peacefor thefdd county of Lancafter being held by letters patent from his Majefty% with the power of executing the fame by deputy or deputies)-, be it

further ena&ed and declared. That all conveyances and affign- Powers of ments of the eftate and effetfts of any debtor or debtors, and all clcrk th* other adU, deeds, matters, and things, which fhall be done, ex- countydf * ercifed, or performed, in the execution of this adt by any deputy Lancafter, to or deputies of the clerk of the peace for the faid county palatine extend to his of Lancajlery or by the perfon or perfons who, for the time being, deputies, lhall cxetcife and perform the trufts and duties of the faid office within and for thefaid county palatine, (hall be of the fame force, validity, and efFedl, in the law, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been done, executed, and performed, by the clerk of the peace for the faid county palatine of Lancajler for the time being.

XVIII.	And, to the intent that no lofs may arife to any creditor or ertditors from any negleSf or omiffion in the fchedule, not containing the whole of the eftate, real or perjonal, belonging to any debtor who fhall apply for his or her dif charge, under the authority of this aft-> be it ena&ed. That all the eftate, whether real or perfonal, which Eftates of (hall belong to any debtor or debtors, and of which he, fhe, or

they, (hall be adhially poflefTed or entitled unto at the time of fchcdwlei™ to making fuch fchedule, fhall be deemed and taken to be part of be vetted *ln the eftate contained in fuch fchedule though not inferted therein, the clerk of and (hall in like manner become vefted in the clerk of the peace,Pcacc# town clerk, or other officer adling as fuch, to all intents atad purpofes, as if the fame had been contained in fuch fchedule, and

had

190 Anno regni quadragefimo primoGBoKGii III. c. 7a. [t8oi.

had been delivered into the court according to the dire&ions of

this adh

Holders of fe- XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no perfon out^confi^er*1" folding any fecurity whatsoever, for which fuch debtor never re-ation given,* ceived any valuable confideration, (hall be entitled to receive any not entitled to benefit from the eftate of fuch debtor, unlefs the perfon holding any benefit, fuch fecurity (hall make it appear, to the fatisfadtioh of the juf-tices at fome general or quarter feflion, or adjournment thereof, that he or (he became polfefled of the fame bond fide and for good or valuable confideration.	v

£ dat es to veft in the. clerk of the peace for the time being.

Ho fuit in equity to be commenced without con*-lent of the ' majority in value of creditors.

Schedules to be produced by clerks of the peace to creditors,

and figned popies to be evidence.

XX.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That in cafe ofthe death or removal of any cleric of the peace, town’ clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace as aforefaid, in whom the eftate, right, title, intereft, or truft, of any debtor or debtors (hall have veiled by the authority of^his a£l, every fuch eftate, right, title, imereft, and truft, (ball, become veiled in thefucceffor or fuccefl’ors to every fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer atfting as'clerk of the peace as aforefaid refpe£lively,asthe cafe may be, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, under the provifions of this aft.

XXI.	Provided further, a#d be it alfo enabled. That no fuit in equity (hall be commenced by any afiignee or affigneesofany fuch debtor’s eftate and effedls, without the confentof the major part in value of the creditors of fuch debtor, who (hall meet together purfuant to a notice to be given, at leaft ten days before fuch meeting, in the London Gazette, or other newspaper which (hall, be publifhed in the neighbourhood of the laft refidenceof fuch debtor or debtors for that purpofe.

XXII.	And. be it further enatfed by the authority aforefaid, That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, for every refpe£live county, city, and county town, and county riding, divifion, cinque port, liberty, and place, with whom any fchedule of the eftates of any infolvent debtor or debtors (ball be. left, and his fucceffors, clerks ofthe peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as*clerk of the peace as aforefaid, (hall, on the reafonable requeft of any creditor or creditors of fuch infolvent debtor or debtors, or his or their attorney, produce and (hew to fuch creditor or, creditors, or his or their attorney, in the day time* the fchedule of the eftate of any fuch infolvent debtor or debtors, .which (hall be left with any fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace, or his predeceffor in that office, the perfon fo requiring to fee and perufe any fuch fchedule paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&itig as clerk of the peace, in wbofe Guftody any fuch fchedule (hall be, or his deputy, the fum of one (hilling for his trouble in fearching for and looking out fuch fchedule, and attending whilft the fame (hall be perufed by fhe party requiring to have the fame looked out, and to peruie the fame; and that a true co,>y of every fuch fchedule, figned by the clerk of the peace, town cleric, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace, in whole cuiiody the fame (hall be, or his deputy, purporting

i8ot.] Anno regni quadragefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 70. 191

porting the fame to be a true copy of fuch fchedule, without being wrote on (tamped paper, and for which copy no more (hall be paid than (jxpence by the (beet, eatch flieet containing feventy-two words, and io in proportion for a lefs number of words, (hall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatfoever as legal evidence of the fame ; and if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town Clerk ofof thc clerk, or other officerading as clerk of the peace, (hall, on rea- Pcace refuting fonabie requeft as aforefaid, neglefi or refufe to produce t6 any fuch fchedu!e^C&c. creditor or creditors as aforefaid, or his or their attorney, any fuch to forfeit\aU‘ fchedule as aforefaid, and to permit the fame to be infpe&ed as with treble aforefaid in the daytime, on fuch payment or tender as aforefaid cofts# being made to him, or (hall afk or take more than after thfc rate > of fixpence by the (beet, each (heet to contain feventy-twO words, and fo in proportion for lefs thaq feyenty-two words in a (heet, or (hall tefufe to make and# deliver a copy of any fuch fchedule on being requeued as aforefaid To to make the fame, and having the money tendered to him for payment of fuch copy^fter the rate aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, which (hall and may he fued for and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJiminfltr, by a&ion of debt, together with treble cofts of fuit, in the name of any perfon who (hall ptofecute for the fame, and one moiety of Application which fum forfeited (hall, when recovered, go to the party who penalty, profecuted for the fame, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the pariih in which the offence (hall becommitted.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it enafled, That before fuch Affignees to time as any affignee or affignees as aforefaid (hall enter on, or ^S^rdsof take any profit from, any copyhold or cuftomary eftate as afore- manors for faid, he or they (hall agree and compound with the lord or lords copyhold or of the manor or manors of whom the fame (hall be holden, forcuftomary the payment of fuch fine or income as upon any furrender and cl a,C8# admiffion thereto, hath heretofore been mod ufually accuftomed

to be paid; and that upon every fuch agreement or compofition made, the (aid lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or feme fubfequent court, which (hall be holden for the faid manor or manors, (half admit fuch affignee or affignees, tenant or tenants, to fuch copyhold or cuftomary eftate, according to the cuftom of the faid manor or manors of which the* fame (hall be holden, and for and during fuch .eftate and intereft as the faid debtor had therein at the time of his or her being difeharged as aforefaid, referving the rents, duties, heriots, euftoms, and fer- , vices, payable and to be rendered in refped of the faid copyhold or cuftomary eftate.

XXIV.	Provided aUb, That nothing herein contained (hall T*1® debtor’s extend to prejudice or affe<5t any eftate or intereft, or right what- be affetted^r foever, of any peffon or perfons, Other than the faid debtor, which tbis a£t.

may be expectant upon or fubjedt unto t^eftate or intereft of the faid debtor hereby vefted in the faid clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace; but that the eftate, intereft, and right whatfoever, of every other perfon or

perfons,

igz Annoregnj quadragefimoprimo Gkorgii III. c.70. [1801.

perfons, (hall remain, continue, and be faved, to them, in the fame manner at if this aft had not been.made.

AS not to	XXV. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed by the authority afore-

That nothing in this adt (hall extend, or be conftrucd ro taking place hinder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages, charges or liens, tof claims of an upon the eftate of fuch debtor or debtors, or any part thereof^ inferior na- take place upon the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or per-tnie*	fohal eftate or effefts, comprized in, or charged or affe£ked by feci

mortgage or mortgages, charges or Hens refpeftlvely, nor to pro* vent any ftatute ftapie, ftatute merchant, recognizance, or judge*

'	ment,	acknowledged	by or obtained againft any fuch debtor or

debtors, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real eftate of fuch debtor or debtors; and alfo where any inquifition (hail hare been taken upon any fuch ftatute or recognizance, or any writ or execution (hall have been taken out and delivered to the fieri? or proper officer upon any fuch judgement, before fuch difehargt (hall be given in open feffion to any fuch debtor as aforefaid, the perfonal eftate of every fuch debtor refpediively (hall be fubjed thereto, in the first place, for fo much as (hall remain due upon fuch mortgage, charge, lien, ftatute, recognizance, or judgement refpe&ively, in like manner as fuch mortgagees and perform having fuch charge? or liens, and creditors, by ftatute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, agatnft the real or perfonal eftate of fuch debtor and debtors refpe&ively, if this a# had not been made; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XXVI.	And whereas many perfens who may be entitled to and dam the benefit of this att are feifed and pojfeffid of lands, tenements, end hereditaments, to hold to fuch debtors for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leafes, and taking fines, reserving fall rents on fuch ejlates for one, two, or three lives, in peffemn on river* fion, or for fome number of years determinable upon Twos; or have powers over real or perfonal ejlate, which fuch debtors could extents fur their own advantage, and which fa id powers ought to be executed fa the benefit of the creditors of fuch debtors; be it therefore enafted by

tower of leaf- the authority aforefaid, That in every fuch cafe, all and every * fog lands or the powers of leafing fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, over real or amj ajj other fuch powers as aforefaid pver real or perfonal eftate, eftate^vefted which are or (hall be vefted in any fuch priloner or prifoner; in aftigneea. aforefaid, (hall be and are hereby vefted in the affigneeor af-fignees of the real and perfonal eftate of fuch prifoner, by virtue of this a<5t, to be by fuch affignee or affignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of fuch prifoners a$ afore-foid.

XXVII.	And whereas, in fome prtfous or gaols its this king fa the office of keeper or gaoler is held in fee for Ufa or otherwife, by fa fins who never at1 as keepers or gaolers themfelves, or know anything of the prifoners therein, but depute or employ fome perfon or par fa under them as keepers or gaolers of fuch, prtfont or gaols, be it thirt?

* fore

1

1801.3 Anno TtgHi quadragcfinao primo Gbokqii HI. c. 70. *93

fort enaded, That in every feck cafe, the perfon who Audi have Thf ading been actually employed and aded as deputy keeper or gaoler of §^ofde-any fuch prifon or gaol at the rime of the delivering in of the lifts Hvering lifts hereby directed to be delivered in, of prifoners in any fuch prifon to take the or gaol, at any general or quarter feffions of the peace, or fane oath* adjournment thereof, and not the principal keeperor gaoler (unleft where fuch principal keeper or gaoler (hall ad as keeper or gaoler	•

hirafelf), fhall take the oath herein*before appointed to be taken by the keeper or gaoler of every fuch prifon or gaol.

XXVIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That thefeflfion the juftices* at any general or quarter feffions of the peace, or ^dftors ° adjournment thereof, to which any fuch prifoner (hall be brought gaolfers to be in purfiiance of this ad, (hall, if required by any creditor or ere- Fworn. ditors of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, who (hall oppofe his or her difeharge, adminifter and give to the keeper or gaoler,,or the perfon who a6ts as keeper or gaoler of any fuch prifon or gaol, at the time of bringing up any fuch prifoner,, in order to be dif-charged under this ad, an oath to the following effett; (that is to fay),	'	‘	#

‘T if. B. do fwear, That	was	really	and	Oath*

1 truly a prifoner in my cuftody, in the prifon of [*r, in Cuftody in fome other prifon, as tbs cafe may be] to the beft of my knowledge and belief, at or upon the first day of March one thouftnd eight hundred' and one; and that the copy or copies of the caufe or caufes of his [er her] commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the faid	and	pro-

duced to the faid court, is or are a true copy or copies of,the caufe or caufes of fuch commitment or detainer, without any fraud or deceit by. me, or any other perfon whatfoever to the beft of my knowledge and belief.

So help, me GOD/

And if apy perfon who was, keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper If $e pwfon or gaoler, of any fuch prifon or gaol, on the faid first day of March one thouftnd eight hundred and one, or (ince (hall not happen to gaoler on be the keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, of any fuch March'x,x8ox, prifon or gaol at the time any fuch lift as aforefaid is hereby re* he (hall take quired to be delivered in, then the juftices, at any fuch feffioa,thc f°llowinS or at any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby requited to adminifter and give to the refpe&ive perion or perfons who (hall be keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, of any fuch prifon or gaol, and deliver in any fuch lift as aforefaid at any fuch , general or quarter feffion, or any adjournment thereof, an path, touching the commitments,, or books of commitment, of any fuchpnibn or gaol, to the effeft fallowing; (that is to fey),

1T A, B. do fwear. That I have examined the ^commitments, Oath.

1 or books kept of or concerning, the commitment of prifoners I to the prifon of	in	the	{county, riding, divifion,

1 city, town, place, or liberty of	as	the	cafe	/ball

Vol. XLIU. *	Q	Ar],

194 Anno regni quadragelimo prinio Georgii III. c. 70. [1801,

£1], and that 1 do verily believe that the (aid commitments or books of commitment, are really true, and not fi&ttious, nor calculated for this purpofe; and hy them it doth appear that was on the first day of March one* thou-fand eight hundred and one, really and truly a pri foner in the actual cuftody of	the	then	keeper Or gaoler,

*	or	deputy	keeper or gaoler, of the faid prifon or gaol, [or other

prifon, as the cafe may be], without fraud or deceit by me, or any other perfon or perfons, to my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD,’

ipg commit ments.

Penalty on fheriffs, See, difobeying orders of juftices, and on gaolers refuf-

‘	XXIX.	And, in order to difeover any fraudulent^ entries or css-

mi tments of prifoners in any prifon or gaol books 5 be it further At requeft of ena&ed by the authority afore faid. That the juftices, at any ge-^oler^ma nera^ or quarter felfion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, ^e°examhied are hereby authorifed, at the requeft of any creditor or creditors on oath at the of any prifoner, to convene before them, at fome certain time to feffion touch- be appointed by them, any perfon or perfons who wa9 or were keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, of any prifon or gaol within their refpe&ive jurifdidtions, on the faid first day of March one thoufahd eight hundred and one, or at any timefince, and to examine every fuch keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in cuftody of any fuch prifoner, as the juftices, at any fuch general or quarter feuion, or adjournment thereof, fhall think fit; and if any (heriff, keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, (ball neglect or refufe to bring before any fuch juftices, at any feffion of the peace, or adjournment thereof, any fuch prifoner as (hail f	be directed and required by warrant of any juftice or juftices as

lag to anfwer. aforefaid, or toattend on being fummoned for that purpofe, he (hall on convhftion fuffer fix months imprifonment, or if any keeper or gaoler attending, (hall refufe to make anfwer anddil-1	covery in the premifes, as (hall 'be reasonably'required at fuch

general or quarter feffion, or any adjournment thereof, he, (he, or they fo offending in the premifes, (hall, for every fuch of&ncc, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by and in the name, and for the ufe of the party injured, by adion of debt, to be brought in his or her name in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfler or Dublin as the cafe may be, together with treble cofts of fuit.

XXX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on That if any keeper or gaoler of any prifon, or his deputy or the printer of deputies, (ball,-without juft caufe, to be approved of by thejuf-the London or tices at fome general quarter feffion, or general feffion of the Dublin Ga- peace, or adjournment thereof, within, their refpedfive jurifdic- i zette, &c.for tions, refufe or delay to bring any fuch prifoner or prifoners as w^th thlr^-nS af°re^*d to any fuch" general quarter fefflbo, or general feffior), or gulations of adjournment thereof, in order to his or her difeharge; or (hall this aneg!e£t, refufe,'or defignediy omit to infert, in any fuch lift, the name or names of any fuch prifoner or prisoners who was or

1801.3	Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georbii III. c, 70. 195

were adually in cuftody in his or their refpedive prifon or gaol, on the faid first day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, or fince, or {hall negled or refufe to make our, fix up, or deliver, fuch lifts as aforefaid; or if any keeper or gaoler, or deputed .keeper or gaoler, (hall negled or refufe to take any of the laid oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or {hall, upon any account or pretence whatfoever, take or receive more than.the faid fum of one (hilling herein-before allowed for his or her attendance, in order to be difcharged of fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid, or {hall detain any fuch prifoner after he or the (ball be difcharged as aforefaid; or if the printer of the London Gazette^ or Dublin Gazette refoedively, or other newspaper as aforefaid, (hall wilfully refufe or negled to infert therein the notice by this ad direded to be given, on reafonable requeft to him made for that purpofe, and tender of the money hereby directed to be paid, or (hall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than four-pence as aforefaid for doing thereof, every fuch	*

.keeper and gaoler of fuch prifon or prifons, his deputy or deputies, and every fuch printer as aforefaid, (hall refpedively forfeit and pay to each prifoner, in every fuch cafe injured, the fum of one hundred pounds $ which {hail and may be recovered, with treble cofts of fuit, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Wejlminfter or Dublin, as the cafe, may be, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XXXL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, or any deputy Penalty bn keeper,or gaoler, of any prifon, (hall, in taking of the afore-f°r mentioned oaths, forfwear and perjure themfelves, and (hall PerJur3r# thereof be lawfully convided, fuch keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, of fuch prifon or prifons, (over and above the penalties to be infUded on perfons convided of perjury), (hall, upon every fuch conviction, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered with full colts, by bill, plaint, or' information, or adion of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJiminfier or Dublin refpedively, as the cafe may be, wherein no effoin, protedioh, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, by and in the name of fuch pdfon or perfons, his and their executors and adminiftrators, to whom any alignment or conveyance, in purfuance of this (hall be made, of the eftate and effects of fych prifoner or prisoners; and if no fuch afiignee or aflignees (hall be.living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors, who {hall fue for the faid penalties, to be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety towards fatisfadion of the debts of fuch his creditor or , creditors.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That if any clerk of the Penalty on peace* or bis deputy, or . town clerk* or other officer acting asderka clerk of the peace, {hall delay or refufe to give every or any fuch [^ivc*copies prifoner, adjudged to be entitled to his-difeharge a9 aforefaid, of adjudica-within fourteen days after filch adjudication, a,copy of the order tions of if-.

0 2	gf	charges, &c.

t$6 Anno regni qOadragefuno pritno Georg it III. c. 79. [1801.

df adjudication, on the payment of two (hillings and fixpencc, Or (hall take more than the fun* of ttfo fhillingd and ftxpcnce for fach copy, or (hall take more than one (hilling for an' affign-ment or conveyance of fuch prifoners cftate ana eflfe&s, every fuch derk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer a&iftg as clerk of the peace, who (hall fo offehd, and who fhall be convided at any fuch general or quarter feffion of the peace, 6r any adjournment thereof, of any fuch offence) (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay to every fuch prisoner, the fata of twenty pounds, as the juftices of the peace, at fuch general or quarter feffion of the peace, or Adjournment thereof, (hall order, and who are hereby empowered to caufe the fame to be levied by dlftrefs and (ale of the gtodsofany fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace fo offending.

XXXIII.	And be it further etiaded by the authority afore-faid, That if any debtor as aforefaid, who (hall take the begefis of this ad, (hdll wilfully forfwear and perjure himfelf^ herfelf, or themfelves, in any oath to be taken under this ad and (hall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, (he, or they, fo offending, (ball fuffer fuch punifhment as by law may be inflided on perfons convided of wilful add corrupt perjury.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon entitled to the benefit of this ad mall, at any time hereafter, be imprifoned by reafon of any judgement or decree obtained for paytrient of money only, or for any debt, bond* damages* contempts for pen-payment of money, cods, fum or Turns of money contraded, incurred, occalioned, owing, or growing due, before the (aid first day of March ope thousand eight hundred and one, but that upon every arreft upon every judgement, or fuch decnee, or for fuch debts, damages, contempts, colls, fum and fums of money, it (hall and may be lawful for any judge of the court ivhere -the procefe iffaed, or for any two juftices of the peace, upon fhewing the copy of the order of adjudication as aforefaid, to reteafe and difeharge out of cuftody fuch prifoner or^prifoners as aforefaid, and at the fame time, to order the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch (uit or bits to pay fuch prifoner or prifoners the cods he, (he, or they M’ have incurred on fuch occafion* or fo much thereof as to fud judge or juftices (hall feem juft and reaibnable; and every fuch judge is hereby empowered k> to do on fuch prifonePS caufinga common appearance to be entered for him in every fuch aftion or fuit-

XXXV* And whereas, under for met aits of this kind, Mi\ have art fen what was to be done with fuch prifdners who aftlndat any fejjion to be difchargedy who owed and flood charged with dtkty as well previous as fubfequeht to the day limited by the refoMbe e(U: to remedy which, be it therefore enabled by the authority afort-°f That no prifoner or prifoners (hall be difehargeu of any

Suent to	debts incurred fubfequeht to the first day of March one thoofand

nchijXgot.eight hundred and one; and if (hall appear to tbe-jaftkes,at

Debtors for-fwearing, to be deemed guilty of perjury.

Perfons dif. charged not liable for debts prior to March i, iSok.

Prifoners not

«

1801.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgji III. c. 70. 197

any feffion pr adjournment, that apy prifoner or prifoners, then applying to them to be difcharged, (hall ftand charged a$ well with debts previous to as fubfequent to the (aid first day of March one thoufaod eight hundred and one, that, in fuch cafes, it (hall ;**\d may be lawful to and for the juftices to difcharge the perfon of fuch prifoner on account of all debts incurred previous to the faid first day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, apd to remand him or her back to the cuftody of the keeper pf the prifon from whence be or (he was brought, for all debts with which he or (he ft;m4.s qharged with in bis cuftody, incurred fubfequent to the (aid first day of Morcb one thoufand eight hundred and one.

XXXVI,	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-	'

faid. That in cafe any perfon, being a prifoner, charged in exe- Prifoners cution on the faid first day of March one thoufand eight hun-dred And one, and haying before pr fince that day petitioned any ,„f0ivent deb-court to be difcharged as an infolyent debtor, and having con- tors, have formed to the fevera! proyiiions of the laws in being for that been remand-purpofe, (hall have been brought up, and by the court before which fuch prifoner was fo brought up, remanded back to thccj without prifon or gaol from which fuch prifoner was brought up, there their content, to continue in execution on the undertaking of his or her plain* entitled to the tiff or plaintiffs to pay to him or her two (hillings and four-pence weekly and every week, or fuch other allowance as by law is direded to be paid in fuch cafe, during fuch time as fuch prifoner (hould remain in execution at the fuit of fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, and fuch prifoqer fo continued in execution (hall have been or (ball be difcharged from fuch execution by his or her plaintiff or plaintiffs, without his or her own privity of confent, fubfequent to the faid first day pf March one thoufand eight hundred and one, and before the day whereon he or (lie might otherwife have applied to take the benefit of this ad, every fuch prifoner ^hall be entitled, notwithftanding fuch difcharge, to the fame relief and advantage, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever, which he or (he might or could have otherwife obtained by virtue of this ad\ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

laid, That if any adion pf efcape, or any fuit or adion, be A<5t may be brought againft any juftice or juftices of the,peace, (heriff, keeper pleaded to any or gaoler, of any prifon, for performing their office, in purfu- °* ance of this ad, they may plead the general iflue, and give this p * ad in evidence5 and if the plajmiff be non-fuited, or difeon-tinue his adion, pr verdid pafs againft him* or judgement upon demurrer, the defendant (hall have treble cofts.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

faid, That if any feire facias or ?£tiOn of debt or upon judge- Ad may be ment (hall be brought againft aqy prifoner, his or her heirs, pleaded gene-executors, or adminiftrators, upon any judgement obtained againft any fuch prifoner, or on any ftatute or recognisance ac- * knowledged by him pr her, before the faid first day of March

0 3	one

198 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 70. [1801.

one thoufand eight hundred and one, with refpe<5t to prifoner* in adtuai cuftody, on the faid first day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, it (hall and fnay be lawful for any fuch prifoner, his or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, to plead generally that fuch prifoner was a&uajly a prifoner in fuchprifon or in fofne other prifon, a,t fuch a perfon *s fuit on the faid first day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, and was or were duly difcharged, according to this adt, at the general quarter feflion, or general feHion, or adjournment thereof, he Id at fuch time and place for fuch county, 'riding, divifion, liberty, city, town, or place, (as his, her, or their cafe is), without pleading any matter 'fpecially; and in cafe any other fuit or adlion ihati be commenced againft him, her, or them, for any other debt, fum, or fums of money, due before the faid first day of Marti one thoufand eight hundred and one, to pl$ad in difcharge of his or her perfon from execution, (over and above fuch matters as aforefaid), that fuch debt or fum of money (as the cafe (hall happen) was contracted or due before fhe faid first day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, without pleading any other matter fpecially 5 whereto the plaintiff fhall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforefaid, or reply any other matter or thing which may (hew the faid defendant not to be entitled to the benefit of this ad, or not duly difcharged according to it, in the fame manner as the plaintiff might have replied in cafe the defendant had pleaded this ad, and his dif-charge, by virtue of this ad, fpecially; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, difeontinue his adion, or verdidt pafs againft him, or judgement on demurrer, the defendant to have treble Softs.

A&notioex- XXXIX. Provided always. That nothing in this ad contend toa^or- tained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to releafe or dif-vants^mbez- c^arSe any attorney at law, or folicitor, or any other perfon or zling money; perfons ading, or pretending to ad as fuch, with regard to any debt with which he or they fhall (land charged for any money, or other effeds, recovered and received by him or them, for the ufe of any perfon or perfons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, folicitor, or other perfon or perfons acting as fucb, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own ufe; or to releafe or difeharge any fervant or agent, or any other perfon or perfons employed or entrufted as fuch, with regard to any debt or demand with which he, (he, or they fhall (land charged for or on account of any money, goods, or other effefls, received or poffeffed by him, her, or thorn, for the ufe and on account of his, her, or their matter or mafters, or employer*, and by fuch fervant or agent embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his, her, or their own ufe; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XL. And whereas many evil-difpofed perfons, to fupporl tbtir profligate way of life, have, by various fubtle flratagems, threat!, and devices, fraudulently obtained divers fums of money, goods, ward x merchandises, bonds, bills of exchange, premijjtry notes, or other

ficwrifui

r

%

a8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo GeorghIIL c. 70. 199

Securities for money, to the great injury of induftrious families, and jta the manifeji prejudice of trade and credit; be it enafted, That nor to perrons no prifoner, who knowingly and defignedly, by falfe pretence £^n,n£c I pretences, fhall have obtained from any perfon or perfons “Jyjfc prcl ! xnoney, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, tenets, promiffory notes, or other fecurities for money, fhall have or receive, any benefit or difeharge by or under this aft ; but the juflices at arry general or quarter feffion of the peace, or any ^adjournment thereof, before whom any fuch prifoners (hall be brought, upon due proof of the matter, made to their fatisfac-tion, (hall remand fuch prifoner to the cuftody of the gaoler or keeper of the prifon from whence he or (he fhall have been brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ilanding.

XLI. Provided always. That no prifoner who fhall have been Piifoners re-xemanded to prifon under any aft heretofore pafled for the relief manded to of infolvent debtors, for having fraudulently obtained money, pnfon under goods, or fecurities for money on falfe pretences, or for having for°frfu. fecretly and fraudulently removed flock, cattle, or other effefts, dulently ob-, which were fubjeft or liable to be detained for rent, or who tainine mo- , fhall have loft or forfeited the benefit of any fuch former aft by neV* ™ lhall having made any fraudulent fale, transfer, conveyance, or aflign- benefit ment, fince his or her imprifonment, to the prejudice of the under this aft; fair and honed creditor, or who fhall have obtained a difeharge under any fuch former aft fraudulently, or fhall have taken an oath under fuch aft, any part of which was not true,' fhall have or receive any benefit or difeharge by or under this aft; but the juftices at any general or other leflion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any fuch prifoner fhall be brought, upon due proof of the matter made to their fatisfaclion, fhall remand fuch prifoner to the cuftody of the gaoler or keeper of the prifon from which he or fhe fhall have been brought, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: provided alfo. That no perfon charged in execution for damages recovered nor perfon* • in any aftion for criminal converfatiou with the wife of the execmioiTfor plaintiff in fuch aftion, or in any aftion for feducing and carnally damages reknowing the daughter or female fervant of the plaintiff, dr in covered in any any aftion for a malicious profecution, fhall have any benefit *^io.n f°r under this aft; except only in cafes where the plaintiff in fuch aftions refpeftively (hall be dead, and no perfon fhall have ob-	9	*

tained probate of the will, or letters of adminiftration of the effefts of fuch plaintiff within twelve monts after the de<?eafe of fuch plaintiff.

XLI I. And whereas many debtors for rents of lands, mejfuage houfts, or other promifes,. have, with fraudulent intent to dijappoint the right of their rejpeftive landlords, removed the flock, cattle, furniture, goods, or other effefts., which were fubjeft and liable to perfons be diftrained for the fitisfaftion of the faid rents; be it enafted by removing ef-the authority aforefaid, That no prifoner or prifoners, who, infeftsofthe a fecret, clandeftine, or fraudulent manner, fhall have removed, value of sol. flr cabled to. be removed, within fix years before the palling diltrained for .04	this	rent •

200 Anno rcgm qaadragefimopritno Geoblgii IIL c, 70. [ifiol.

this aft, any fqch flock, cattle, furniture, goods or effeAs, of '	the value ot fifty pounds or upwards, which 'were fubjeA or

Kable to be diflrained by their relpeftive landlords for or in payment of fuch rent or rents, whereby fuel) landlord or landlords ftiail have' loft all or fome part of the rent or rents due to him, her, or them, as aforefaid, (hall be difeharged by or under this aft, but (hall, on due proof of the matter as afore&id, be remanded in manner herein-before mentioned; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLIIL And whereas many debtors have, with a view to defraud their creditors, fold) transferred, conveyed, or ojfigncd, their estate and effe&s to fome perfon or perfinfs, fukfiquent to their \being in cuf tody of law, or tmprifoned under fome procefs for debt: and tvberm fuch fale, transfer, conveyance, or alignmenthath been fraudtdendf made, to the infinite prejudice of the fair and bonejl creditor, though fuffident proof could not be obtained to cenvift the party of a fraar nor perfons dulent defign: be it ena&ed, That whenever it lhall be proved, fienhf	onc morccre<^c witnefs or witneflfes, to the fatis&Aiofi

todeiraud ^1C court to .which any prifontr {hail be brought up, in order creditors. ' to obtain his or her difeharge, that fuch prifoner has (old, tranf-ferred, conveyed, or affigned, to any perfon or perfons,. all or any part of nis eftate or epefts, fubfequent to the time of his imprifonment, without juft caufe for fo doing, to be allowed by the juflices preliding in mch court as aforefaid, every fuch debtor {hall lofe all the benefits and advantages that he might other-x wife have claimed under the authority of this aft, and (hall not be entitled 10 his or her difeharge; and every fiich fale, transfer, conveyance, or alignment, is hereby declared to be null and void.

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every gaoler or keeper of any prifon lhall, and is hereby required to fufFer, in the day-time, any perfon or perfons, defiring the fame, to fee and fpeak, in the lodge, or fome convenient &c.cnpenalty room in the faid prifon, with any prifoner or prifoners, whofe names are inferted in the before-mentioned lift or lifts, or the London or Dublin Gazette, or other newfpapers, or any of them, and alfo to fee, in the true and genuine books of the faid prifon, the entries made of the name or names of fuch prifoner or prisoners, debtor or debtors, together with the name or names of the perfon or perfons at whofe fiiit .or fuits he, (he, or they, are or were detained ; and if awy fuch gaoler or keeper (hall refufe or negleft to comply with what is hereby above required, every fuch gaoler or keeper who (hall fo offend in the premifes (hail forfeit and pay to the perfon fo refufed and aggrieved the fum of forty pounds, to be recovered with coils of fuit, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Weft-minfier or Dublin, as the cafe may be, wherein no eflbin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, lhall be allowed, .by and in the name or names of the perfon or perfons fo refufed and aggrieved.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or (keeper, or deputed gaojer or keeper^ of any prifon 9? prifoi^

Gaolers to permit pri? toners to be fpoken with.

*f4ol

Gaoler making fate en-

8oi,] Anne regni qvmdragefimo prime GtebRou III. c, 70. zqt

hall make or <caufe to be made any falfe entries, in any book or tries, &crto

»©oks belonging to any prifon or gaol under his care, or of forfeit 500!*

/hich he is or was gaoler, or fhall prepare or keep, or caufe to

e prepared or kept, any falfe book or books, in order for ?njr

aife or untre entry or entries to be made therein, or (hall infers

a any lift to 1>e delivered in as aforefaid, the name or names of

my perfon or perfons who was not in adual cuftody as afore-

aid, (except as in the oath of every fuch gaoler or keeper, or

leputed gaoler or keeper, (hall be excepted), every fuch'gaoler

>r keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall, over and above

:he penalties which he (hall be liable to for every fuch fraud,

orfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovei^d

with treble cods of fuit* by and in the name, and for the ufe of

any perfon or perfons, who (hall be prejudiced by any fuch falfe

entry or entries, which penalties (hall and may be. recovered by

a&ion of'debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma- .

jetty’s courts of record at Weflminfier or Dublin as the cafe may

be, wherein no efToin, protection, or wager of law, or more

than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XL VI. And be it further enaded, That if any debtor, being Debtors re-thercunto required by any creditor, fball refufe to difeover and fufing to dif* declare the trade or occupation, and habitation or laft plage of c<**r ^ abode, of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit he or (he is or was ab^e^f the detained or charged in cuftody, or if any prifoner being called perfon at for ai^drdefired by any creditor or creditors to come to the lodge whofe fuit of the priibn in which any fiich prifoner (hall be confined, (hall	®r

refufe -to come, without feme reafonable caufe being made ap- theCkSge,° pear to the .contrary, every fuch debtor, upon proof being made fhall be ei-thereof, before the juftices at any general or quarter feflfon of eluded the the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held as aforefaid, b^efitofthis (hall not have or receive any benefit or difeharge by or under this ad; any thing .herein contained to the contrary thereof m any wife notwithftandtrkg.

XLVII. And whereas there is but one common or county gaol far

each of the refpefttve counties of York or Lincoln, which Jaid

comities are each of them divided into feveral ridings or dtvijkns9 all

of which have feveral comrmffms of the peace ; and if the gaoler of

tbefe gaols, be obliged to carry the debtors prifoners therein, to the

quarter fejfon of fuch riding or dtvifion9 the fame will be a very

great charge, not only to fuch gaoler, but alfo to the prifoners, in

thefe large counties; be it therefore enaded by the authority

aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for two or more jul- Tuftices may

ticcs of the ,p«£ce for any of the ridings or divilions in the hold afeffion

rrfpedite counties, (or any other county or counties where the	*

prifoos are at a diftahee from the place where the feffions are ^ ®oa,f

held), at the common or county gaol thereof refpedively, or at

feme convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required

to affemWe and meet, and to hold feffion there, by adjournment

from their refpedhre quarter feffion from time to time, for the

difeharge of the refoedive prifoners therein, according tp the

powers, limitations, ant} diredfop* of tfiis jjd. r

adjourn to or ftear the county gaol, and two juftices acting for either of the divifions

charging prisoners*

Juftices for Surrey may adjourn to Southwark.

xoz Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. erfo* [1801.

XLVUI. And whereas the diftrifl or divifton of Holland, in the faid county of Lincoln, is defiant near forty miles from the /aid county gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expenfhe for the juftices of the peace a Ring for the faid divifion to be obliged to travel to tie frt Jaid gaol for the foie purpofe of difeharging the prifoners under the Holland may P0™*7"5 h f^s oR given 1 be it therefore enabled, That, for the feveral purpofes aforefaid, the juftices for the faid divifion"or diftridt of Holland may adjourn their original feffions to the county gaol, or fome place near thereunto ; and it (hall and may be lawful for any two juftices of the peace, ading either for the parts of Lindfey, Kefleveni or Holland^ to hold fuch adjourned feffions for the foie purpofe of difeharging fuch prifoners; notice of the cownty* of the adjournment of fuch original feffions being given by the adjourn^fef- c*cr^	^e®ons to ^uch juftices, and who (hall attend there to

Sons for dif- regifter the proceedings of the faid court, fo far as the fame relate to or affect the difeharge of any prifoner detained for debt in the divifion of Holland\ and claiming the benefit of this a&.

XLIX. And whereas the next general quarter feffions of the peace for the county of Surrey, which /hall happen after the pafftng of this ally may be in the country, and upwards of twenty miles from any of the faid prifons; be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftices as (hall be aflembled at the general quarter fcffion of the peace to be holden for the county of Surrey, next after the paffing of this aft, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the faid feffions to the borough of Southward for the purpofe of adminif-tering the oaths required to be taken and fubferibed by this adl, by the feveral gaolers within the faid county, and for the difeharge of prifoners or other debtors, according to the powers, limitations, and diredtions of this adh

L. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all debtors and others, who were in prifon on or before the laid first day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, in any of the gaols of this kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their fees, rents, or other demands, due or claimed as due, to the keeper or keepers of any prifon refpeclively, or to any other officer of fuch prifon, and upon no other account, fhall be difeharged therefrom, he, (he, or they, taking the oath by this a<$t required to be taken by prifoners.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadled by the Adt not to ex-authority aforefaid, That this adt (hall not extend, or be contend to deb- flrucd to extend, to difeharge any perfon feeking the benefit of CTown* or of-	with re*Pe& t0 any debt or penalty with which he or

fendersagainfi: (he (hall ftand charged at the fuit of the crown, or of any perfon revenue laws, for any offence committed againft any a& or adts of parliament relative to his Majefty’s revenues of cuftoms, excife, ftaraps, or fait duties, or any of them, or any other branches of the pub-lick revenue, or at the fuit of any (heriff or other publick officer, upon any l?ail bond entered into for the appearance of any perfon profecuted for any offence committed againft any adt or a&s of parliament relative, 10 bis Majefty’s laid revenues of cuftoms,

excife,

Prifoners in cuftody for fees, &c. claimed by gaolers, or other officers of the prison fhall be dif- -charged.

unlefs the _ freafury certify their confent.

i8oi.j Anno regni quadragefimopritno Georgii III. c. 70* 203

excfte, (lamps, or fait* duties, or.any other branches of publick revenue, unlefs any three of the lords commiflioners of his Ma-jefty’s treafury for the time being, (hall certify their confent under their hands to the juftices at their faid feffions, or adjourn* ment thereof, for the difcharge of fuch prifoner as aforefaid.

LII. And whereas, under former afts, creditors have'been put t$ great expence and trouble, in attending every feffion and adjournment, during the whole continuance of the aft, to oitpofe the difcharge of debtors clearly excludedfrom any benefit under the laid refpeftive ofts, but who, after having been before one feffion heard\ and refifed a difcharge, to barafs their creditors, confiantly gave frejb notices for each fubfequent feffion and adjournment, of their intended application to be difcharged: to remedy which, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes whatever, the determina- Determination of the juftices ih feffion or adjournment (hall be final toa!| intents and purpofes, unlefs the debtor (hall, during the con* Uniefs the pri. tinuance of this a<5t, get rid of the objedion or obje&ions for f0ner get nd which they refufed his difcharge; and that the fame may be of the objec* dear and certain, the juftices are hereby required to ftate the objections why fuch debtor’s difcharge is refufed by them ; and charge,*e» in ail cafes .whatever, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftices, at any fubfequent feffion or adjournment, upon any application from the prifoner, upon due proof on oath made to	,	■

them by two or more credible witnefles (which oath they are hereby empowered to adminifter), of fdch obje&ion or objections being removed, and on proof of notice ferved, at leaft ten days previous to fuch application, on the creditor or creditors who before oppofed his difcharge, and of notice likevvife inferted in the London or Dublin Gazette, in manner before dire&ed by this a<ft, to order fuch prifoner to be brought before them, and, if they (hall then be of opinion the faid debtor is entitled to the benefit of this a<ft$ to adjudge him or her to be entitled to the benefit of this a<ft; and if a prifoner, to order him or her to be difcharged, he or (He taking the oath, and in all other refpe&s conforming to the diredhops of this a<5h L11I. And whereas it may happen that feveral perfons who may claim and be entitled to the benefit of this aft, are fifed of an e/latf tail in fome freehold or copyhold lands# tenements, or hereditaments, which entail, with the remainders thereon expeftbnt, they have by law power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, fuf~ firing a common recovery , or common recoveries, or by furrender or furrenders thereof, whereby fuch perfon or perfons faid freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, and hereditaments, would be liable to the payment of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms of this aft, for the benefit of their creditors: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in every fuch cafe fuch perfon Eftatesof or perfons fo feifed as aforefaid, and who (hall be entitled to'and which prifoj claim the benefit of this a&, (hall, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby delivered up declared,' to be feifed of fuch lands, tenements, and heredity to creditors* merits in fee, and the fame (hall be delivered up to fuch creditor

Of

%04 Anno regni qiudragefimo primo Georgii HI. c. 79. [1801,

or creditors of every fuch prifoner, in the fame manner as if finch perfon or perfons had a&ually levied a fine, fuffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a (arrender or fiirrender* thereof, and thereby had become feifed in fee; any law or con-ftruAion of law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

LI V , And whereas many perfons who pipy be entitled to and chant the benefit ofi this act, have been great dealers, or other%vife engaged in large tranfa&iom, whereby they may be entitled tp fiindry and great debts and demands of various and intricate natures, and tbty may be entitled to equities of redemption ef eftates jubjetf pud liable 40 mortgages, judgements, or other incumbrances, or to rewrfms^ remainders, or other contingent efiatet, inlands, tenements, or bn* ditaments, or to other trujls or interejls in efiates, both real mi ptrjmal, which may not be Efficiently deferihed or difeovered in the jeheduk or inventory before direfled to be delivered in pp#t eatb bj # the prifoner to be difeharged as aforefaid, or which may Wnt bit aid and affiflance to adjuft, mpke but, recover, or manage, for the benefit qf bis creditors; be it therefore enaAed by the authority *	the*	a^ore^:l1^* That it (hall and may be lawful to andior the refpec*

/urther°exA-C t*ve affignees of the eftate and effe&s of fuch debtor or debtors, initiation of who fltall obtain his, her, or their dUcharge in pucfuance of this debtors to *A, or any other perfon or perfons duly authorifed by them for two juftices. ^hat .purpofe, from time tp time, to apply to any t$ro or more of the juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, where fuch debtor or debtors (hall be then refuting, thereby defiring that fuch debtor or debtors may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their edate or effeAs, whereupon fuch juftices (ball fend fpr or call before them fuch debtor or debtpr.6, by fuch warrant, luftices to call fqmmons, ways, or means, as they (hall think fit; and upon before them fuch debtor’s appearing (hall examine hjtn, her, or them, as iAhe^refufe we^ Vpon W*1 as otb^rwife, as to-fuch matters and things as tdappeaf, &c. fuch affignee (hall defire, relating to the eftate and efEsdts of may commit fuch debtor or debtors 5 and if any debtor or debtors (on pay-them,	jnenr, or tender of payment, of fuch reafonable charges as fuch

juftices (hall judge fufficient) (ball negleA or refufe to come or appear, not having a lawful excufe, to be made known to fuch jpftices, and by them allowed, or being come before them, refufe to be fwqrn or to anfwer to ^a)l fuch queftions ps by fuch juftices (hall be put tp him, her, or them, relating-fo the dif-covery of his, her,-or their eftate or eJFe&s fo vefted^or intended .to'bp vefted, itvfuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other ^officer, aAing as clerk of the peace, or fpeh affignees as aforesaid, then it (hall and pay be lawful to and fpr fuch juftices, by warrant under their bands and feal$, to apprehend fuch debtor *pr debtors fo offending as aforefaid, and him, her, or them, to eorpmit to the common gaol, there tp remain without bail or mafoprize, until fuch time as he, (he, or they, (hall ftibmit him, her, pr tbemfelves, ;9 fuch juftices* and anfwer- upon path to all

iSot.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c.70. 205 fuch lawful queftions as (hall by fuch juftices be put to him, her, or them, for the purpofes aforefaid.

LV. And be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every fuch petfon and perfons who (hall, within Rewardofjol. ten months after the difeharge of fuch prifoner or prifoners, vo- dffcovering hintarily come in and make a difeovery of any part of fuch any part of debtor or debtors real or per font! eftate as fhafl not be comprifed debtor’s ef-in fueh fchedule as aforefaid, before any fuch juftices aforefaid, **** n?^:o,A* (hall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centurh out ^hedule. of the net produce of fuch debtor or debtors eftate which (hall be recovered on fuch difeovery, and which (hall be paid to fuch perfott or perfons fo difcovering the fame, by the affignee Or affignees of fuch debtor's eftate and effects.

LVI. provided always, and be it enaded, That not with- Wfchargeof (landing the difeharge of any debtor ot debtors by virtue of this Suiendy 0™-U-a&, if it (hall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudu- tained/void^ lently, dr that any part of the oath taken by anV fuch debtor was not true, then, and in every foch cafe, every (uch difeharge (hall be void and of none effWh

LVIl. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall be lawful at all times hereafter for any affignee or withc^uent affignees of the eftate or effects of any debtor or debtors who'Qf m^ority in (hall be chofe in purfuance of this ad, by and with the confent value of ere-of the major part in value of the creditors of fuch debtor or deb- difors, may tors, Who (hall be prefent at a meeting to be had oh twenty- debt8°andfor one days notice being ptevioufly given for the purpofe hereafter fubmit dif-mentioned in the London Gazette if the debtor was in ctiftbdy in putes to arbi-London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, then tration. alfo in feme newspaper which (hall be publifhed in the county, city, dr place in or near wSiich fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been in gaol; and if in cuftody at Dublin, or in the county of Dublin in the Dublin Gazette^ and if irt any other place in that part of\the united kingdom called Ireland,-theh alfo in fome newspaper which (hall be pubiiftted in the county, city, or place in or near which fuch peifon or perfons (hall have been in gaol, to make compofitions with any perfon or perfons or accountants to Fuch debtor or debtors, where the fame (hall appear  necessary or reafonable, and to take fuch reafonable part of any fuch debt as cah upon any fuch compofuion be gotten, in full difeharge of fuch debts afid accounts; and alfo to fubmit any difference or difpute between fuch affignee or affignees and any perfon or perfons for or on account or by rfeafon or means bf any matter, caufe or thing, relating to the eftate or effe£ls of foch debtor or debtors, or to any debt or debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from fuch debtor or debtors, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be chofen by the laid affignee or affignees, and the major part in value of foch creditors, and the party, or parries with whom they (hall have fuch difference, and to perform the award of fuch arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chofen by them, or otherwife tp fettle and agree the matters in difference gnd difpute between* them m fuch manner, as

the

Penalty for concealing cftates of debtors.

4o6 Aano regni quadragefimo primo GfioReii III. c. 70. [1801.

the faid aflignee or aflignees, with fuch content as aforefaid, {kali think fit and can agree, and the fame fhall be binding to ail the creditors of fuch debtor or debtors; and every fuch aflignee or affignees is and are herebv indemnified for what they fhall fairly do in the premifes in purUiance of this ad. >

LVIII. And for the better difcovery of the ejlate and effefts ofay debtor who Jhall be difcharged by virtue of this aft\ be it further enaded by the authority aforcfaid, That any perfon or perfons who fhall have accepted of any truft or trufls, and (hall wilfully , conceal or proted any eflate, real or perfonal, of any fuqh deb-' tor from his creditors, and (hall not, within thirty days after any aflignee or afiignees (hall, in purfuance of this ad, bechofen of any fuch debtor’s eftate, difcover and difclofe to fuch aflignee or affignees fuch truft and eflate in writing, and deliver up or make over the fame to fuch aflignee or afiignees, he, (he, or they, fo offending fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit, the fum of one hundred pounds, and alfo double the value of the eftate, .either real or perfonal fo concealed, to and for the ufeof the, . creditors of any fuch debtor; to be recovered by adion of debt I in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeflminfter or Dub-,	liity as the cafe may be, in the name or names of the aflignee or

or affignees of fuch debtor’s eflate, together with treble cofts of fuit.

L1X. And whereat provtfion ought to be made as to wbat.jhouli become of the ejlate and effefts of any debtor or debtors not got in%

,	obtained,	or recovered\	by any ajftgnee or affignees chafe purjuant to

the directions of the fever al a fit at the time of his or their death or deaths, and whofe heir or heirs, executors, admim/lratorsy and refufed to aft or meddle therein; to remedy which, be it enacled, If aflignee#	That in al) fuch cafes it fhall and may be lawful to and-forthe

die, others	creditors of every fuch debtor or debtors to chpfe a new aflignee

may ec.oen, of a^gnces> [n manner and form as .herein-before is direded, and to obtain a new affignment from the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, purfuant to the order of the juftices, and which faid ' order the faid juftices* are hereby required and empowered to dired, (on due proof on oath being made to them of the death of fuch former aflignee or affignees, and refufal of his or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, to ad or meddle therein); and the faid clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace, are hereby empowered to obey the fame, and execute fuch affignment accordingly, in manner and form as if no former affignment had ever been made, the faid aflignee or affignees, clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace, hereby conforming to all orders and diredions made by this ad relative to them, or any of them, and to be liable to all fuch pain9 and penalties as are inflided on them, or any of them, by this ad, for difobedience in any part thereof, orneg-led of duty whatever; and in cafe any fuch aflignee or afli<inees fhall die, and his heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns.

i8dt.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 70. 207

(hall refufe to aft, that then and in fuch cafe/it (hall be lawful for fuch juftices of the peace to appoint a new affignee or aflig-nees, with the like powers and authorities as are given by this aft ; and the faid juftices (hall have power, in a fummary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, of fuch affignee or affignees, to account and deliver up all fuch eftate and effefts as (hall remain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purpofes of this aft.

LX. And* to the intent and. purpofe that the efiate and effefts of fuch debtor or debtors as Jhall be difcbarged by virtue of this aft may be duly and faithfully applied for the,benefit of his, her, or their real creditors $ be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall Courts, on and may be lawful to and. for the refpeftive courts at Wejimxnfier and Dublin, and the courts of great feffions in Wales* and the affixes, &e. counties palatine of Chffier, Lancafier* and Durham refpeftively, and the courts of limited jurifdiftion in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland.\ from whence any procefs iflued, upon which any fuch debtor or debtors was or were committed, or where the procefs iflued out of any other court,n to and for the judges of the court of king’s bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great feflions, or counties palatine aforefaid, within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any fuch debtor, or the creditor or creditors of fuch debtor, complaining of any infufliciency, fraud, mifmanagement, or other mifbehaviour, of any aflignee or affig-nees of the eftate or effefts of any fuch debtor or debtors, to fiimmon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give fuch orders and direftions therein, either for the removal or difplacing fuch affignee or affignees, and appointing any new affignee or affignees in the place or ftead of fuch affignee or affignees fo to be removed or difplaced, and for the prudent, juft, and equitable management or diftribution of the eftate and effefts of any fuch debtor, for the benefit of the refpeftive creditors, as the faid courts or judges refpeftively (hall think fit; and in cafe qf the removal or difplacing or any affignee or affignees, and the appointing of any new aflignee or affignees, the eftate or effefts of fuch debtor or debtors (hall, from thenceforth, be diverted out of the affignee or affignees fo removed or difplaced, and be vefted in, and delivered over to fuch new affignee or affignees, in the fame manner and for the fame interns and purpofes, as the fame were before veftecf in the affignee or affignees first chofen as aforefaid; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwkhftanding.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where mutual credit hath bfeen given Where mu* between any debtor who (hall be difcharged in purfuance of this tual credit has aft, and any other perfon or perfons, or bodies corporate or b£ei? givcn» politick, before the delivery of fuch fchedule or inventory of the bcVated^ W eftate and effefts of fuch debtor or debtors, upon oath as aforfc-faid, the refpeftive affignee or affignees of fuch debtor or debtors -is And are hereby authorifed and required on his and their parts,

to

ao8 Anno regni quadragefimo prmso Gsoittm 1IL c. 70. [1801, to fUte and allow an account between them and the other party of parries concerned; and nothing more (hall be deemed to be vetted in fuch -clerk of the peace, or town clerk, or other officer idling as clerk of the peace, or fuch affignde or affigsiees as afore laid, as the eftate or effedls of fuch debtor or debtors, than what (hall appear to be juttly due to him, her, or them refpec-lively, as and for the balance of fuch account, when truly ttated.

LXII. And whereas many perfons are often committed by the courts of law and equity for contempts, for not paying money orderd or awarded to be paid, and alfo for not paying of tofts duly and regularly tasted and allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpofe* and alfo upon the writ of excommunicato Prifenero for c*pkndo, or other protefs for* or grounded on, the non-payment tf not paying ttloney* tofts* or expenses* in fame canfe or proceeding in fome adr monies7^	fiqflical court, or for contempt to fuch court relating thereto;	it Vs

awarded,	hereby declared and enadled, That all ftich perfons are and	flnll

entftledtothecn^t*e<*to ^e benefit of this adl, on and fubjedl to the fame benefit of thisterrt,s* conditions, and reftridljons, as are herein exprefied and adl;	declared	with	refpedt	to	prifoner9	for	debt	only.

LX III. And whereas great numbers of poor people have been and are how imprifoned for debt* upon procejfes iffuing out of courts of and alfo pri. confcience; it is hereby enadled and declared, That all fuch pri-JgTtSr ^oners	entitled	to	have	the	benefit	of	this	adl, and be

courtsof ° difeharged under the fame, provided he, (he, or they conform confcience. to the diredtions herein-before preferibed, touching other pri-foners who (hall be difeharged by virtue of this adt*

No perfons LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enadled. That no W£°hthCbe perfon who fhall have taken the benefit of any Idl heretofore wfkof any * faffed for the relief of infolvent debtors within the fpace of five infolvent act years lift paft, (hall have or receive any benefit or advantage of within five	or under this adl, nor be deemed to be within the intent and

y**™’*° be meaning thereof, fo as to be difeharged under the fame; any befunderthfs. thing hefeift-before contained to the contrary thereof notwith-, (landing.

LXVk And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Affirmation of That in all cafes wherein by this adl an oath is required, the quakers to be	affirmation	of	any	perfon	being	a	quaker,	(hall and may

taken* be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every perfon making fuch affirmation, who (hall be convidled of wilful and falfe affirmation, (hall incur and fuffer fuch and the fame penalties as are inflidtad and impofed by this ad upon perfons convidled of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXVI. And be it eoaded. That Jofeph Henry Hitman, James Pluttket, Edward Graham> Hugh Reilly, and Edward Erabazon* confined debtors, named and described in an a ft paired in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, intituled. An aE for the relief tf confined debtors who may be infolvent* be not entitled to the benefit of this adl, notwithftanding their ficuations reipedtively come within the provifions of the fame*

LXVH. Pro.

Certain perfons not en-titled to the benefit of thi* aft.

i8»i.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 71. 209 LXVII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaftbd, That no* Ad not to thing in this ad contained ihall extend to that part of Great *xtc”d to Britain called Scotland.	,	Scotland.

CAP. LXXl.

An act for transferring the receipt and management of the duties oq licences for ujmg or exercifmg the trade and bufmefs of an horfe dealer, from thf conwni/fioners of /lamps to the commijjioners for the affairs of taxes; and alfo for making further provijions in refpeft to. the /aid duties fa transferred*7?r[June 27, 1801I]

WHEREAS by an aft, faffed in the tuffnty fourth year of the Preamble.

reign of his pre/ent Majejly, certain Jtamf duties were 34 Geo. $. panted in Great Britain on licences iffued for ujing and fxercijbtg L *•c- 3b the trade of an horfe dealer, and placed under the management of the commijjioners for the time beings appointed to manage the duties charged on Jlamfed vellum, parchment, and paper, tvhifb duties have been further regulated by an aft faffed in the twenty-ninth year <f the reign of his trefent Majejly: and whereas it is expedient that the and 29 Geo. 3. [aid duties Jboiud he repeated, and other duties Jbould he granted in c. 49> recited. Ijeu thereof to be placed under the management of the commijjioners for the affairs of taxes, under the provijions of this aft \ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted $ and be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and.com* mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar, from and after the fifth day of April one After April 5, thoufand eight hundred and one in England, and from and after jjJJJ aJh| the twenty-fourth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and jjfjy \^9 one in Scotland, the duties granted by the faid firft-recited aft, in Scotland, and all the regulations contained in the faid laft-reqited aft, or the duties in any other aft concerning the faid duties on licences as afore-faid, (hall ceafe and determine, fave and except in all cafes re-	ill

httng to the demanding, recovering, receiving, or paying, any regulations arrears of duties by the faid firft-recjted aft granted, which on concerning the refpeftive days before mentioned (hall have remained unpaid	J	t

in England and Scotland refpeftively; and the feveral daufes, ^to'arreSs, provifions, matters, and things relating to the due paying, re- &c. ceiving, and recovering’the fame, fave alfo and except the paying and accounting for tile duties received fince the fifth day of dpril one thoufand eight hundred and one, by virtue of the faid firft-recited aft.

II.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the faid After Aprils,' fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one in England, **°b in Eng-from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of May.one thou-find eight hundred and one in Scotland, in lieti and inftead of Scotland*, the duties on licences to ufe or exercife the trade of an horfe horfe dealers dealer, by this aft repealed, there (hall be afTefled, raifed, and in Great Bri-ievied, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, upon every perfon who (hall ufe or exercife the trade and duties herria bufinels of an horfe dealer within the cities Qf London and Weft- fpedfied, YpL.XLjii, .	f	wnj**r1

no Anno regpi quadragefima prlmo GeorguM. c. 71. [1801.

mnfter, and the liberties of the feme rcfpe£iively, the parifhu of Saint Mary+le+bene and Saint Pancray in the county of Afii* dlefexy the weekly bills of mortality, or the borough of Southwark in the county of Surrey, the annual rate or duty of ten pounds, and upon every perfon who (halt ufc or exercife the trade and bufmefc of an borfe dealer in any other part of Great Britain, the annual rate or duty of five pounds.

DutiesmEng- JU. ^nd be it further enadted, That the first afleffmentto meucc^rom* ma(^e ratc or duty for ufing or exercifing the trade and April 5,1 Sot, bufinefs of an horfe dealer in England, mall commence from and to be alfeflcd after the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one, fhall be maae for one whole year, at the rate herein-before Sept?*0 011 meQ^oned, and (hall be paid on the twentieth day of Septmkr yearly;9 in every year, the first payment to be made on the twentieth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one.

IV. And be it further enaSed, That every aflefiment of the afTefTed for a kid duty to be made in Scotland, (hall be made for one whole year from year from the term of JVhitfunday in every year, and (hall be whitfunday, paid yearly, on or before the twenty-fifth day of March in every Marcht ^ year; the first payment thereupon to be made on the twenty* fifth day of March onctbou&nd eight hundred and two. P^jhns who V. Provided always. That all perfons who (hall have already rady paid the P5^ duty on any licences, to ufc and exercife the trade and duties, and' bufinefs of borfe dealers, and in force at the time of patting this ftallbeafTeiled a&, and (hall be aflefled under this a& from the fifth day otj u®der this Jpril cine thoufand eight hundred and on? in England, and the rroaid foch a twenty*^ourtfi day of May one thoufand eight hundred and one proportion *a Scotland, (hall, after paying the faid first ailefiment, beenti-thereof from tied to receive from the commifEoners of (tamps, or the receiver] the ftamp	general of (tamp duties, or any officer appointed by the laid

°rcwnt &	coramiffioners, out of any monies arifing from the duties hereby

double pay ■ repealed, fuch a proportion of the duties already paid as (hail rnent, be necefiary to prevent a double payment qf the faid duties for the period elapfed, or to elapfe between the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one, and the expiration of fuch licences refpedlively; for which purpofe the faid commit fioners of ftamps are hereby required to make fuch orders in refpedi to the time and manner of fuch re-payments, as to themj •	(hall appear beft calculated to effe&uate the intention of this ad,

and to prevent a double charge. .

Commiffion- VI. And be it further ena&ed," That the comraiflionersau* or appointed, or who lhall hereafter be authorised orj miffioners for appointed to put in execution the feveral iufts relating to tk^1 executing this duties under the management of the commi (Boners for the affair of taxes, (hall be conuniffioners for executing this ad, andffctf! powers herein contained or hereby dire&ed to be applied, and in ^ all and Angular the counties, ridings, divifions, (hires, ftewar-tries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places with® Great Britain, and (hall proceed in the execution of this preltrt a if, in fuch and the fame, manner as is preferibed by the l:il adls relative to the (aid dudes j and the (aid commiffiouers ihaJV

k

aiSoi.] Anno ?egni quadragefimo primo Giorgii III. c. 71. 2;i 5n ail things relative to the duties by this aft impofed, have the Jike powers, authorities, and jurifdiftions, in appointing collect ■Tors, making aflefifments, and in enforcing, correftiflg, and amending, or relieving from the fame, as are given to them by X:he laid afts relative to the faid duties, except fo far as any alteration is made by this aft; and that the feveral furveyors, infpeftors, afleflors, and colleftors refpeftively, appointed or t‘6 l>e appointed to put in execution the faid feveral afts' relative to	‘

the laid duties before-mentioned, or any of them, (hall refpcc*

-lively be furveyors, infpeftors, afleflors, and colleftors, to put

in execution this aft, and (hall refpeftively do and perform all	1	'*

fuch afts as (hall be neceflary for caufing notices to be delivered

to and ferved upon all and every the perfons liable to the duties

hereby impofed, at fuch times and in fuch manner as by the	**	’

faid afts is required in relation to the before-mentioned duties	'

refpeftively, or any of them; and the faid commiffiohers and ' J 3

other the perfons aforefaid, being duly qualified to aft in* the

execution of the faid feveral afts above mentioned, or any of

them, (hall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and

required, to do all other things neceilary for putting this aft in

execution, with relation to the faid duties hereby impofed, in

the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of

them, are or is authorifed to put in execution the feveral afts now

in force, relating to the faid duties under the management of the

faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or any matters and things

refpeftively contained in any of the faid afts, or any other aft

relating thereto, fo far as the fame are or can be applied to the

duties granted by this aft, and not varied or altered by this aft.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the feveral rates and	t0

duties by this aft granted, (hall feverally and refpeftively be	**

aflefled, raifed, levied, collected, and received in fuch and the fcribed by any like form and manner, and with fuch powers of furcharge and afts in force appeal from the fame, and under the like penalties and forfei- for afleffing Cures, and according to fuch rules, methods, and directions and provifions as are preferibed and appointed by any aft or afts mcnt# * now in force, for afleffing, railing, levying, collefting, recovering, ' and paying the rates and duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, as far as the fame were in force at and immediately before 'the paffing this aft, and are fevefally and refpeftively applicable to the rates and duties hereby granted, or any of them, and are not hereby altered, and all and every the powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, claufes, matters and things contained any aft or afts, in relation to the faid rates and duties, or aqy of them, and in force at and immediately before the palling of this aft, For the aflefling, raifing, levying, collefting, and plying the rates and duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or for fuing for or recovering the penalties or forfeitures therein contained, and not hereby altered,

(hall be in full force, and be feverally and refpeftively duly observed, praftifed, and put into execution throughout the different	\

r 2	part*

Affeflors to caufe notice to be affixed on the doors of churches.

%xz Anno rogni quadragefimo primo Georgii IIJ. c# 71. [1801,

parts of Great Britain, for the afleffing, furcharging, railing, levying, collecting* and paying the feveral duties by this at granted, and for tying for or recovering the penalties or for-1	fcitures	herein contained, as fully and effectually to all intents

and purpofes as if the fame powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, claufcs, matters ancj things were particularly repeated and re-ena<3ed in the body of this a£t.

VIII.	And be it tyrther enacted, That the affeflors for the time being (hall, within fixty days after the palling of this aCt, for the prcfent year ending on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and two, and far every fubfequent year after the (aid

&c. requiring within twenty-one days after the fifth day of April in fuch to Oliver lifts ycai> cau^e genera^ notices to be affixed on the doors of the which (hall be’ church or chapel, and market houfe or crofs (if any) of the city, deemed good town, parity, or place for which fuch alTeffors (hall a3 ; apdif feryiceof fuch fuch place (hall not have a church or chapel, or market houfe, notice. or crofs, then on the neareft church or cnapel door of any adjoining parity^ requiring all perfons jrefiding in the faid city, town, parity, or place, who are by this aft required fo to do, ,to make put and deliver to the refpeeftive affeflors, fuch lifts or declarations as are hereinafter required, tand fuch general notice (h^ll, from the time when the fame (hall be affixed, be deemed fufficient notice of the time within which the return* before-mentioned (hall be required to be made in each year, (0 all perfons redding in fuch city, town, parity, or place; and the affixing the fame in the rpanner before directed, (hall be deemed good feryice of fuch notice to all perfons within the , ,	limits	of fuch city, town, parity, or place, and the faid refpec-

tive affeflors (hall caufe the faid notices from time to time to be replaced, if neceflary, for the fpace of twenty-one days before the time required for the delivery of fuch lifts or declarations as aforefaid; and every perfon wilfully tearing, defacing, or obliterating any fuch notice fo affixed, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence a furh. not exceeding twenty pounds nor lefs than five pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under any law relating to the duties under the management of the faid commiflioners.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That be/Mes fuch general notice as aforefaid, the faid refpedliveafleffors (hall, within fixty days after the paffing of this ad, for the fcfpcclivc periods aforefaid in which the first affeffment under this a<3 is dire&ed to be made, and for every fubfequent year after the faid periods within twenty-one days after the fifth day of^r//in fingl&ndy and twenty-fourth day of May in Scotland in every fuch year, give or leave at every dwelling houfe, livery yard or ftable, where any perfon ufing or exercifing, or fuppotyd to ufe or ?x-ercife the trade and bufinefs of an horfe dealer, (hall rcfick, or jjceep or have any horfe, foare, or gelding, or any hprfes, mares, or geldings, vyithin the limits of the places for which fuchaflef-fors a cl, a n >ticd to and for the occupiers thereof or perfon* keeping the fame refpe&ively, requiring fuch perfons refpcdifdy

Penalty for

defacing

notices.

Affeflors to give notice to horfe dealers to produce .Ms.

18oi- Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii HI. 71, 213 to prepare and produce within twenty-one days next entiling the jay of giving fuch notice, a lift or declaration in writing in the Orm herein-after required $ and if ally perfons ufing or exercifing Penalty of :he trade and bufinefs of an horfe dealer (hall negleft or refufe to *°}: for not nake out and deliver to the afleflor or afleflbrs a lift or declara- ]jfot<Tthe tion in the form, and within the time herein prescribed, after afleflbrs, or fuch general or fpecial notice as aforefaid, and as the cafe may trading as an require, or not haying made a return within the time herein pre- h<?r£e dc*ler 'cribed, (hall afterwards ufe or exercife the trade or bufinefs of an	°

norfe dealer without giving notice thereof to’ the afleflor or aflef-fors, in order that he or fhe may be charged fo the duties hereby granted, then and in every fuch cafe, he or (he (hall forfeit fot every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds to be recovered as any other penalty may be recovered by any law relating to the duties under the marajgement of the faid commiflioners* and fuch 1 afleflor or afleflbrs (hall return to the commiflioners for executing this aft, the names of the perfons making fuch default.

‘ X. And be it further enacted, That every perfon ufing or dealers exercifing the trade and bufinefs of an horfe dealer, (hall return a lift or declaration as herein-after mentioned, in every parifh or place where place where he or (he (hall then keep or have any horfe, mare, of they (hall have gelding, or dny horfes, mares, Or geldings, or (hall have kept kgpi horfea the fame within the year eliding on the then preceding fifth day preceding* of April in EngUnd, or twenty-fourth day of May in Scotlandyear, in a within twenty-one days after the affixing or delivering of fuch limited time, notice as aforefaid ; aiid every lift to be made out in purfuattce containing of this aft (hall be in writing, and figned with the name in the	*

ptoper hand writing, and (hall contain the place of abode of the perfon returning the fame, and alfo the place or places where he or (he doth carry on the trade and bufinefs of an horfe dealer, and alfo the greateft number of horfes, mares, and geldings, kept by him or her within the period of fuch pTededing year as afore- • faid, diftinguifhing whether the fame (hall have been kept fof fale or fot private ufe, and the number of each fo kept, and for what purpofefe each foch horfe, mare, and gelding kept for private ufe, was fo kept or ufed ; and every perfon who (hall have ’ ceafed to carry on fuch trade or bufinefs before the faid refpec* five times laft mentioned, (hall deliver a declaration thereof, with the day and time of ceafing to carry on the fame.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That evfery ?«*fon3 *ra<t-perfon who hath, or (hall have divers places whereat he or (he	C"

ihail ufe of fcxercife the trade or bufinefs of an horfe dealer, and divers places, is or may be defirous of paying the faid duties at one of fuch (hall deliver a places, (hall be obliged to deliver a return at each of fuch places, return at each declaring therein the particular county and parifh or place where J^herethey he of (he intends, or ought to be charged for the faid duty, to intend to be * enable the afleflor or afleflbrs at fuch place to charge the fame charged for accordingly, on pain that every perfon offending in. any of the the duty>on particular* before^mentioned, (hall be chargeable at either place,pcnaItyofio1, and for- negleft in making fuch return, (hall forfeit and pay the • fum of twenty pounds# ...

\	‘	,F	j	4..... XH. And

• * <* ' *

214 Annoregm quadragefimo primo Georoii Iff. c. 71. [1801.

Commiflion- XII. And be it farther enadted, That it (hall be lawful for ma f°^reC8 ^ comna*®oncrs f°r ^he affairs of taxes, to caufe fuch lift or lifts liftfof perfons °f names, and places of abode of perfons having made returns in having made purfuance of this adt, or of perfons charged to the duties by this return*, or of a£t granted, to be made out for the purpofc of being infpeded by

*harererit the ao^	or	P^011*	(hall	make application to infpedt the

duty^tot**fame» as to them (hall feem  necessary for the better execution of made out for this adt, and to authorife copies of fuch lifts, or any part thereof, the infpeftion to be made out in fuch manner, by the feveral infpe&ors, fur-of any per-	veyors, and officers employed under them, and at fuch times, and

and#mayauf* at P^cc^ ** t0 comofiffioners (hall feem fit, all which thorife copies lifts and copies figned by any infpector or furveyor, or other to be made by officer aforefaid nuthorifed by the faid comtniifioners, (hall be which ihaUbe	*n evidence in all courts, and before all perfons adting

admitted4in C *D execution of this adt, and for which copies the like fee, evidence; >nd no more, may be taken a9 is herein-before allowed, and may, by XIIL And be it further cna&ed. That it (hall be lawful for th* direction of commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, under the diredlion of the thCkfwutrny^lords commiffioneis of his Majefty’s treafury, from time to rime the pCTfons* *t0 puMiftb hr caufe to b* publiflied in the the feveral counties, charged tythg ridings, divifions, cities, towns, parifhes, and places refpedfiyely, duties, and	in fuch manner and form as they (hall think moft fit, lifts con-

fute them to taining the names of any perfons charged to theories granted be fixed up. ^y this adf, and to caufe the fame to be affixed as herem-after Penalty for	mentioned; and if any.perfon (hall wilfully tear, deface or re-

defacing or	mewe any lift of any fuch names, or any part of fuch lift that

removingufts* j,c af£Xed by order of fuch commiffioners a9 aforefaid, upon any church or chapel door, or market crofs, he or (he (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of five pounds.

Thecommif- XIV. And be it further enadted. That the commiffioners ap-apTOintmentC P®intc<* ?° execute this adl, (hall, in the precepts to be from time of aSeffors tQ time diredled by them for the appointment of afleflbrs under under the adts the faid ads relative to the duties before-mentioned, or any of relative to the them, caufe notice to be inferted that fuch perfons a're alfo ap-mentiomid^* P9*nted.?fleflor$ °f the duties granted by this aeft; and if at any fhall infert* time there (hall be a negledfc of appointment of the affeftbrs of the that they are faid duties, or if at arty time the perfons appointed (hall negleft appointed ak to do and perform what is required of them by this ad, then and

di^es Wanted' "n eVer^ Ca^e’ lt ^	f°r	furveyor or furvey-

bythis^aft; ors> or infpedor or infpedors, appointed or to be appointed

and if fuch* under authority of the faid a (ft, and they are hereby required to

appointment do and performXuch and thp like fervices as by this ad is required

Ihould be neg- { a(feflbrs. .

leered, or the .	•

aflfefTors (hould not perform their duty, the furveyors (hall do it.

If afleflbrs ,XV. And be it further enaded, That if at any time the aflef-d	furvcy°rs>	or	infpedors, or any of them, mall, upon exa*

hath mft taken m*r,at*on of any lift or lifts, or otherwife find that pny perfoa out a licence, ufing or exercifing the trade and bufiaeis of an horfe dealer, hath or hath not not taken out a licence to ufe of exeroife the trade or bufinefs of ma£ear*tu™» an horfe dealer in purfuance of the faid firft,rccited aft» or hath , HablePto duty8 n<it madc *ny return in purfuance oi this ad \ or if die afleflbrs,

,	furveyors	*,

lot.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgh III, €.71 215

ifcveyors, or infpeftors, or any of them* (kail upon fuch exanoi- fa* any other ition, find that ady perfon or perfons to whom a licence to ufef^Tale irwT $• exercife the trade and bufinefs of an horfe dealer, hath been foall no\ ^ave panted in purfuance of the faid fiffl>recited aft, or any perfon made a return fho hath made a return of ufing or exercifing fiich trade or bu- ofthe: fiunc Inefs in purfuance of this aft, doth keep any horfe, mare, or biding, or horfes, mares, or geldings, liable to any of the duties jn d^ble the ttder the management of the Commiffioners for the affairs of duty; and if axes, for any other ptirpofe or ufe than for fete, and (hall not *ny peHon lave duly made a return ofthe fame according to the provilions if the federal afts relating to the faid fevefa! duties, then foch the commit efpeftive afleflbrs, Purveyors, and infpeftors, are hereby required iioncrs guilty :o make a furcharge in double the duty at which fuch perfon or of any offence perfons ought to be charged, in refpeft of the hories, mares, or *or w“lch a geldings fo kept 5 and every perfon (hall be charged in fiich |

double doty for every horfe, mare, or gelding, not duly returned ed, they may as aforefaid ; and if any perfon To furcharged, (hall, upon an *fefs apcmlty appeal againft fuch (orchards, or at the time of allowing the j" at£ittion fame upon any information exhibited before the faid commit c y* fioners for executing this aft, or any two or more of them, be adjudged by them to be guilty of any offence againft this aft, for which any pecuniary penalty is inflifted, it fhall be lawful for the faid commiffioners to aflefs upon the party by way of penalty, any further fum not exceeding the penalty hereby inflifted for fuch offence, in addition to the faid duty, as the faid commiffioners fhall think fit, and to caufe the faid penalty fo aflefled to be charged on fuch perfon and to be collefted in the fame manner as the duties granted by this aft are direfted to be collefted ; and the afleflbrs, Purveyors, and infpeftors, making fuch fur- Affeffors, 8cc+ charges, fhall be entitled to receive from the receivers general the amount of fuch penalties, in fuch (hares, where two or metretiedto the pe-of them are employed, as the commiffioners for executing this naltics. aft (hall certify to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, they	.

are refpeftively entitled unto; and the adjudication of the faid “j? commiffioners (hall be final and conclufite to all intents and pw- mi^oners to pofes, without power of appealing from the fame, and the pro- be final, and ceedings of the (aid commiffioners (hajl not be retnoveable by not remove-any procefs whatever into any court of law or equity, except a	*

cafe (hall be demanded and dated for the opinion of one of the raamfed and judges or iuftices of the fuperior court mentioned in the faidaftS, ftated for the conformably to the direftions contained therein, in other cafes opinion ofone relative to aflefled taxes : provided always, That the (aid com- of the judges, miffioners (hall in no cafe mitigate the fum to be aflefled by way of penalty as aforefaid, to a leu fum/han one fourth part of the fum to which the penalty as exprefled in this aft i! hereby limited not to exceed : provided’alfo, That the afleflinent of any fum as aforefaid, by way of penalty by the faid commiffioners, may be pleaded or (hewn in bar of any fubfequent profecution or fuit for the fame offence*

XVI,	And be it further enacted. That if any perfon or per* AnV P?rfon ifons Charged to the duties granted by this aft, oreither of themT withouTpay

p 4	fhall	jag the dnt

2i6 Anno rcgni quadragefimo primo Georgii ill. c. [i8oij

or leaving (ball remove out of the parifh pr place without first paying or cffefts where-’ difcharing all the (aid duties charged upon him, he?, or them for that year, or without leaving in fuch parilh or place, fufficien* forfeit ad. goods and chattels whereon the faid duties maybe raised and and the com* levied as they refpeftively become payable, and the fame (hall re* miffioners for majn unpaid for the fpace of twenty days after the lime appointed where CC by this aft for payment thereof, every luch perfon (hail, for every charged (hall fuch offence* forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, and it (hall certify to the be lawful for the commiflioners for executing this aft, in the pa-commiffion- rjfti ot pjacc where fuch duties (hall be charged, and they are where hereby required to certify to the commiffioners of any diftrift fuch perfon where fuch perfon may be at any time, and from time to time as may be, the the cafe may require, the amount of the affeftinent made upon ♦hl0(r V°f *	P^011	or perfons, together with the amount of what may

and^whatmay *n &Tezr an<^ due thereon, and fuch laft mentioned coramif-be in arrear; fioners (hall thereupon iffue a warrant of diftrefs for the recovery for. which they of the whole of the duty that (hall then be in arrear, and the (hall iffue a reafonable cofts attending fuch certificate and diftrefs, and the SltiS? with recovery of the (aid duties* together .with any film that may, have cofts and pe- been impofed upon fuch perfon by way of penalty, for any fcalty.	offence againft this aft ; and if goods or chattels cannot be found

'	whereon diftrefs fot the whole fums contained in fuch warrant

can be made, then fuch part as cannot be fo levied by diftrefs as aforefaid, (hall be recoverable as a. debt upon record to his Ma-jefty* his heirs and fucceffors; and every perfon having made fiich default as aforefaid, who (hall afterwards ufe or exercife the trade or bufinefs of an horfe dealer without having paid and fatis-borfe dealers, fied all fuch arreas of duties, cofts, and penalties, as aforefaid, (hall, without pay- for every calendar month during which he or (he (hall fo ufe or ing arrears of exercife the trade and bufinefs of an horfe dealer, fprfeit and pay Uty.* C\ the. further fum of five pounds, to be recovered as aforefaid. pddimo the XVII. And be it further enacted, That all monies arifing by exchequer, the rates graqted by this aft, the necelTary charges of railing and and carried to accounting for the fatne excepted, (hall from , time to time be ^heconfoli- paid jntQ the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at jVeJlmmfier, dated fund. ancj (hall be carried to .and made part of the copfolidated fund of Great Britain.

kept feparate XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the from other monies arifingfrom the duties on perfons in refpeft of their ufing branches of' or exercifing the trade or bufinefs of an horfe dealer* (hall be paid the revenue. jnto the fajd receipt, diftinftly and apart from each other, and from all other branches of the publick revenue, and there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, a book in which all the produce of the faid duty (hail be entered in the account dire&ed to be kept by an aft palled in the • twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefect fybjefty.

Penalty Ort defaulters Iradinp as

CAP. LXXII.

An	a£i for Extending tit	period	of preference and

fiverat	aits to'todies torpor ate and perfons for the redemption of

tie

Son] Anno regni quadragefitno prime Georgii III. c. ji, ztj

the land taXy and to amend an aft of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his. prefent MajeJly, for granting an aid to his Majejly by aland tax.—[June 27, 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, that ihe period within which all Preamble.

bodies corporate and politick, companies, and perfons mentioned in feveral afts pajfed in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of bis • prefent Majejly* s reign, were allowed the benefit of preference its con-trotting for the redemption of any land tax therein mentioned, and which was, by an aft pajfed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his prefent Majefly's reign extended until the twenty fifth day cf March one thoufand eight hundred and che9 Jhould be revived\ continued,, and further extended; may it therefore pleafe your Majcfty that it may be ena&ed j and be it enacted by the King’s ujoft excellent majefty, by and. with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem bled, and by the authority of the fame, That all Bodies cor* bodies corporate or politick, companies, and perfons, in the faid ads mentioned, who by the fame a£ts or any of them, were em- wereempow-powered to contract for the redemption of the land tax charged erpI bycer-on any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, tain ads of of which they were or Ibould be in pofieflion, dr to the rents ^toconttafit and profits whereof they were or fliould be beneficially entitled, for the re-or in which they (hould have any eftate or intereft in remainder, demotion of reverfion, or expectancy, or being fubftitute heirs of entail, ^

(hould be entitled, in their order, to fucceed to in preference to any other bodies, corporations, companies, or other perfons which they whatfoever, not having any eftate or intereft therein $ and the fliould be m refpe&ive committees, curators, tutors, guardian^, or truftees of ,Poffc®?n’&c* fuch perfons, on their behalf refpe&ively, are hereby declared [ooth^t^i to have, and (hall continue^to have and be-entiUed to fuch and continue to the like preference in the redemption of fuch land tax, over fuch other bodies, corporations, companies, or perfons, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, until and upon the twepty-fiftfi day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two.

II. And whereas, by an aft pajfed in the thirty-eighth year of the 3! Geo. 3*0.54 reign of his prefent Majejly ^ intituled^ An act for granting ail aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britainy for the service of the year one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it is enaftedy That every receiver general in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-T weed, upon the receipt of the whole ajfejfments of the county, ridings cityy or towny for which. he is appointed re-teiver general) (in cflfe he Jhall have received the.fever al duplicates of tatbparijh and place therein, and that duplicates Jhall be returned .to ihe office of his Majefty $ remembrancer of the excheqmr9 and not tthtrwfejyjball. allow and pay according to fitch .warrant as Jhall be given tn that behalf by the faid commijftonersy or .any. two ort more of ; them, three. halfpence in the poftnd^ and no morjCy to the tommy* fioners clerks, for their pains in fair writing the fjfeffments^ dupli*. totes, and copies theuin-^efort direftedy and djl yjarrantSy order's, and

' ¥	injiruc*

have like pr^ ference till Mar. a 5,180s.

able; but the trcafury may difbontinue payment on the amount

218 Awioregni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 72* [1801.

inflruftions relating thereto: and whereas doubts have arifen* whethf under the faid provijion fuch receivers general are authors fed to allow and pay to the faii clerks three halfpence in the pound upon fuch lend ,	tax as hath been* or fhall from time to time be redeemed \ be it

Ucatc of the therefore rafted. That fo long as a duplicate of the land lax !and tax (hall charged upon any parifh or place in refpeft of the manors, mef-be required fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments therein, (hall, under to be deliver- the provifions of the faid laft-recited aft, and of the faid firft-^to1^enerhf1" rcc*ted f°f redemption of the land tax, be required 10 hefhallallow b* delivered to any fuch receiver general, it (hall be lawful for to the clerks any fuch receiver general in England* Wales* and Berwick-upm• ofthecommif- Tweed* and he is hereby required, upon the receipt of the whole iiUhe* ^uiu? afleffiments of the county, riding, or place for which he (hall be npo^tfe11 receiver, in cafe he (hall have received fuch duplicates as afore* amount of faid, and the fame (hall be returned to the office of his Majefty’s the land tax remembrancer of the exchequer purfiiant to the directions of the welTaaon **	laft-recited aft, to allow and pay to the refpeftive clerks for

what fhall re-	^me being, to the commiflioners of land tax who (hall have

main charge- delivered fuch duplicates, three halfpence in the pound, as well upon the amount of land tax which (hall have been redeemed in fuch refpeftive parifhes or places, as alfo, upon fo much of the land tax as (hall remain chargeable therein: provided always, That it (hall be lawful for the commiflioners of his Majefty's of the former, treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high trea-furer for the time being, whenever they (hall think fit to order and direft, that the faid allowance of three halfpence fn the pound (hall ceafe to be paid for or in refpeft of fo much of the faid land tax as (hall have been redeemed j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith (landing.

III.	And whereas, by the faid, lajl recited aft it is enabled* That m receiver whatfoever of any monies granted by the faid aft to be raised in England, Wales, or the town Berwick-upon-Tweed, or at) heirs* executors* or adminifirators of fuch receiver* Jhould* in an7 ac-count of the monies wherewith fuch receiver Jhould be chargeable* unlefi aSt oftfGeo.fah account Jhould be declared and pajfed in the exchequer within tw 3. c. 5. for years at thefartbeft after the twenty fourth day of March one that-*he ye*™ fondfeven hundred and ninety-eight, be allowed or admitted to be fit igoo, and*5* *n ^uPcr> or *harge any county* division* or place in England, Wales, 1801! or in to* °f ikrwick-upon-Tweed, for any monies granted by any fubfe- the faid aft which Jhould be in artear and unpaid* but that the fane W Jhould remain a debt upon every fuch receiver r to be anfwered by bin fetin fuptr.'or an* ^ls ferities* his or their heirs* executorsr, adminifirators* lands* tenements* goods* and chattels refpeftively* which provijion applies only to the monies direfted to be raifedfor the yedr ending ibe twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand seven hundred and ninety^nine\ and it is therefore expedient that provijion Jhould be wade in this behalf* in re* gard to monies raised and to be raised fir Atiy year Commenting after be palfed with- the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand(even hundred and mety* 5fttW°hyCar8 ntne 5 k* lt lkcrefdre further enacted. That no fuch receiver, hit piration	heirs, executors, or adminiftf stars, fhall, in his br thdraccount of

thereof, the monies which, under and by virtue of the faid laft-recited aft,

were

No receiver lhall, in his account of the money which was to be raised under recited

charge any

Sace in Eng-nd, for any money inar-rear, unlefs his account

i8oi.] AnnoregniquadragefimoprimoGEORGii III. c.73,74. 219

were to be ,raifed in and for the refpedtive years ending the twenty-fifth day of March one thottfand eight hundred, and one thoufand eight hundred and one, be allowed or admitted to fet m fupcry or charge any county, divifion, or place in England\

Walts, or the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for any of the (aid monies which (hall be in arrear and unpaid, unlefs fuch account (hall be declared and pafled in the exchequer within two years at the fartheft, after the expiration of fuch years, nor to fet in fuper, or charge any fuch county, divifion, or place, in any account of the monies which, under and by virtue of the faid adt,

(hall be to be raised in and for any year after the twenty-fifth day

of March one thoufand ei^ht hundred and one, for any of the

faid monies which (hall be in arrear and unpaid, unlefs fuch ac- ✓	'

count (hall be declared and pafled in the exchequer within two

years after the commencement of the year (every fuch year com- \

mencing from and after the twenty-fifth day of March) in and

for which fuch monies {hall be to be raised ; but all fuch monies

in arrear (hall remain a debt upon every fuch receiver, to be an-

fwered by him and his fecurities, his and their executors and

adminiftrators, lands, tenements, goods, and chattels, rcfpec-

tively.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the con- Conditions of ditions of all bonds to his Majefty which have been entered into rec^ by fuch receivers generals or their refpeftive fureties, and are ver8 g2nCrai " now in force in regard to the receiving, accounting for, and for accountpaying the land tax within the period fpecified in the faid laft- wig, (hall rerecited adl, (hall relate refpedively to the periods fpecified in this

ad, in like manner as if fuch bonds had been entered into after the palling of this adt and in purfuance thereof.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That any deed or deeds re-Timc fo™*-quired by the feveral adh pafled for the redemption of the landj^j*extend tax, or any of them to be inrolled or regiftered, {hall be valid ed fix month*, and effedlual, although the fame (hall not have been inrolled or regiftered within the periods prescribed by the faid adts, provided the fame to be inrolled or regiftered within fix calendar

months after the paffing of this a St.

CAP. LXXI1I.

An act for direfting the application of feveral fums granted by parliament

to the Dublin fociety, and to the fanning foci*tics in Ireland.—(June

»7, 1801.]	'	'

5,0761.189. 6d. tc be iflued at the exchequer in Ireland to the Dublin Society for promoting husbandry and other ufeful arts for the year 1801*,

4,153!. 16s. 1 id. for completing buildings to that fociety. 1,8461.3a. id. to be applied under the direction of the lord lieutenant, in promoting the purpofcs of the farming focieties.	*	’	w	•

cap. lxxiv.

Jn aft for regulating, until the twentieth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and two9 the allowance of drawback on the exportation from Ireland of Britifh plantation fugar\ and for allowing

certain

2:o Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 74. [1801.

certain drawbacks on fugar exported from Ireland ; and for allowing Britifh plantation fugar to be iJaareboufed in Ireland. [June 27, 1801.]

Preamble 1IT7HEREAS by an ait faffed this feffton 6fparliament, intituled, ^ An ^or rcv*v'nS> continuing until tne twenty-fifth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and two, and amending an act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his ptefen Majefty, intituled, 4An act to repeal the duties on fdgar and coffee exported, granted by an aft palled in thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for allowing Britifh plants-• tion'fugar to be warehoused; for reviving fo much of an act made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Maicfly as relates to the afeertaining the average price of fugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback oni the exportation thereof; and for allowing certain drawbacks on fugar exported, until the tenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and one,1 it it eiiaiiedj That until the tenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and two9 thefeveral drawbacks and bounties theretofore allowed and p'aid under any ail or ails ofparliament on the exportation from Great Britain, except to Ireland, of any fugar of the Britifh plantationj, in the fame flate in which it was imported, or of any refinedfugar called B a (lards, or ahy ground or powdered fugar broken in pieces, or fugar sailed Candy, or any other refined fugar in the loaf complete and whole, or lumps duly refined, be difcontinuedy and that injlead and ih lieu thereof the feveral drawbacks and bounties in the Jchedule to tie faid ail annexed, correfponding with the average prices of brown or Mtifcovado fugar9 taken in the manner therein defiribed, publijhed in the London Gazette, Jhould be paid and allowed as in the faid aH is fpecified, except on fugar exported to Ireland: and whereas it is expedient that the drawbacks to be allowed on the exportation from Ireland of all fuch fugar at aforefaidy except to» Great Britain, ti regulated in like manner at the fame are regulated by the faid recited From ten days aft 'in Great Britain; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod toixofthwaa exce^en^ ihajefty> by and with the advice and confent of the and until ten ’ lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent paf-days after liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from Mav io, 180*, anj aftcr ten days from the paffing gf this aft, and until ten days herttoforeCk8 a^t€r tcnt^ d*y °^ May one thoufand eight hundred and two, paidon°the drawbacks heretofore allowed and paid under and in purfu-exportation ance of any aft or afts of parliament in Force in Ireland on the from Ireland exportation from Ireland, except to Great Britain, of any fugar bflb^ftaU8	plantations, in the fame ftate in which it was im-

be dlfcontinu- imported, or of any refined fugar called Bafiards, of any ground ed, and in lieu of powdered fugar, or refined loaf fugar broken in pieces, or thereof thofe fugar called Candy9 or any other refined fugar in the loaf com-ed fcbedSe*" P*ete an^ wh°le, or lumPs duly refined, (hall be and the fame lhatt bg allow-arc hereby difcontinuedy and that inftead or lieu thereof, the feed.	vfral drawbacks in the fchedule to this aft annexed (hall be paid

afid allowed.

II.	And in Order to aftertain in Ireland the average prices rffugor

matting

x8qj.] Anno regni qnadragefimo primp G^orgib in. c. 74. lit

according to which the drawback payable on allfugars as aforefaid Tlje coramiCr exported from Ireland, except to Great Britain, are to be allowed be re^^e°fD^1C it enabled, That the chief commiffioners of his Majelty’s revenue	'

in Ireland Bull forthwith, after the paffing of this a£t, caufe to caufetobe be publi(hed in the Dublin Gazette the average prices of brown publilhedin or Mifcovado fugar inferred in the London Gazette for fix weeks	.

next preceding the pafling of .this a St, afeertained purfimnt to a^Jrage price. the provifions of the faid recited ad, and. (hail in like manner of brown or forthwith, after .the,arrival in Dublin pf any foruton Gazette, af- Mufcovado. * certaining the average prices of.fuch fugar afeertained as afore-? ^ed in the * faid caufe fuch.average prices to b$ inferred in the Dublin Gazettex kondoiTGa-arid all fuch prices (hall bk inferted in firitijb currency.	zette, See.

III. And whereas .certain of the returns of the average prices of When the re-fugar puhlijbedjn /^.London Gazette before'the paffing of this aft, turns of the may include the duties of cujloms payable qn the importation of fugar av?ra«>r . , into Great Britain, be it cnadted, That in all fuch cafes, ‘or\ {JJffatyof C publilhing the laid average priced in the. Dqkhq \Qa%etfe, a ,de* importation du&iort fhall be made from fuch returns of twenty (hillings into Great Britijh cotrzncy.per hundred, being the duty now payable thereon. ?r5jVn» *

IV. And be it enafted. That if in the first publication of	per hundred## Dublin Gazette in purfuance of this a&, or on the first publica- tall bemactel tion of theDublin Gazette after the arrival of the London Gazette if at the pe-in Dublin, after the tenth day of Auguft or the tenth day of' No? ridds herein ‘ vember one thoufand eight hundred and one refpe&ively, it (hajl jnentibned lt\ appear that the average prices of brown and Mufcovado fugar, {hat the^aver-taken in manner by the faid recited a<5t directed, for the fig age prices of* weeks preceding (hall not have exceeded feventy .(hillings Britijh brown of ' ; currency for an hundred weight, exclufiveof the, duties payable Mufcovado on the importation thereof, then and in every fuch cafe the

drawback in the fchedule to this a& annexed, mentioned as cor- ceeded 70s. relponding to or with the price of which fuch notice in the per cwt. ex-Dublin Gazette ihall have been given as aforefaid, (hall be paid clufive of and allowed, except on exportation to Great Britain, until notice ^wbackin of any other average price publifhed in the London Gazette on the annexed the Saturday immediately preceding any other .of fuch fubfequent fchedule cor-days (hall be given in the Dublin Gazette, and fuch drawback relponding (hall be paid and allowed in like manner in every refpeft, and	be

fubjc*& to and under and according to the like rules and regula- paj(j> untji tions, reftridion?, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawbacks notice of were paid or allowed before the paffing of this ach	other prices *

V.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the exporta-

tion from Ireland of any refined fugar, in any other than a (hip	^	’

or veffel of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, tiop^refined owned, navigated, and regiftered according to law, there (hall fugar in any ^ be paid and allowed one (hilling Britijh currency lefs drawback Qth«r than a. for each and every hundred weight^of fuch fugar (o exported, than if the fame hgd been exported in a Britijh or Irijb (hip or back pe/ewt. velTel, fo owned, navigated, and regiftered; any law, cuftom, or (halt be paid/ ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That the drawback Drawback to payable on the exportation of fugar by virtue of this a<51, ihall ^garXippid

or water-

%%% Annoregni quadragefimo primo Georgii III.c. 74. [1801. borne, with be paid and allowed on all fugar which (hall have been, or (hall &*ooed<for ^	Wcn	on	board	any	(hip	or (hips, or water-borne,

exportation, *ntent to b® dipped or laden on board any (hip or (hips in after June *o, Ireland for exportation, after the twentieth dajr of June one thou-1801.	fatid eight hundred and one.

Bond may be VII. And whereas it is expedient that time Jhouli be given for the taken fwr payment of the duties in Ireland on BritiQi plantation fugar^ be it 8k dutieson t*lere^rc enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful (or the com-fugar import- miffioners of his Majefty'a revenue in Ireland^ to take bond to edfatfoIre- his Majefty from the refpe&ive importers, proprietors, or con-fignees of any Britijb plantation fugar, for the payment of the duties chargeable upon any fuch fugar which (hall be imported into Ireland> and all fugar fo bonded (hall be lodged and fecured at the foie expence of the refpeft importers, proprietors, or confignees thereof, under the joint locks of his Majefty, and of fuch importers, proprietors, or confignees thereof, in fuch warehoufe or warehouses as (hall be fit for that purpofe, and (hall be approved of by the faid com miffioners j and fuch fugar (hall not be delivered, cleared or taken from arty fuch warehoufe, uniefs the full duties and other legal charges due and payable thereon (hall have been paid, three month! VIII. And be it enafled. That every bond for payment of the with fix per duties chargeable upon any fuch fugar imported into any port in cent: intcrelt, Ireland, and warehoufed, (hall be made payable, together with, or the fugar intereft, at and after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annm, | t<>uPon tk® amount of fuch duties, within three months from the and charges 1 date thereof $ and if all duties due and payable in refpeft of fuch * fugar, (hall not be paid and fatisfied within three months from the date of the bond, uniefs further time (hall be given by the faid commiffioners, purfuant to the provifions of this a&, and all 1 '	intereft	due	thereon	paid,	it	(hall	be lawful for the faid commif-

fioners, at the expiration of the faid three months, to caufe fuch fugar to be publickly fold to the bed; bidder, at fuch places as the faid commiffioners (hall think proper, and our of the proceeds of fuch.fale to fatisfiy fuch duties, together with the intereft due thereon, and all fuch legal charges and expences as (hall have arifen, or may be due, relating to (uch fugar; and the overplus (if any) (hall be paid to the refpe&ive importers, proprietors, or confignees thereof, or fuch other perfon or perfoosas (hall be authorifed to receive the fame.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That it (hall and may1 be lawful for the faid commiffioners, and they are hereby autho-! inlrda^may ri^> upon proof to their fatisfadlion that fuch fugars, oranj, renew fuch	part thereof remain unfold, to give three months further tin e fee

bonds for	the payment of the duties on fuch fugars, or upon any part cf

if thT 1?oothBs fuch fugars, in cafe the perfon requiring fuch further time (hall icmsOnunfold.^dhotis of paying the duties in part of fuch fugars; and it any fuch cafe it (nail be lawful for the faid commiffioners to taft any new bond or bonds, and to 'permit the fugars in refped whereof any fuch bond (hall be given, to remain in any watfj houfe under the provifioji? of this aft, for fuch further period ofl

tire*

but the com-mi (Boners of the revenue

irSbi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III.c. 74. 22$

three months; and if at the expiration of any fuch further period Df three months, the dutiet on fuch fugars fhall not have been paid, it ihall be lawful for the faid commiffioners to fell fuch (agars for payment of the duties, and intereft due thereon; and the cofts and charges aforefaid, in like manner as is hereinbefore mentioned.

X.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That it Ihall and may Jcc* *** be lawful to dedu& and retain, out of the intereft that may be- ^

come due on any bond to be taken purfuant to this aft, the fees wt Qf the ia-and ftamp duties that fhall have been paid therein.	-	tereft payable

XI.	And be it ensued. That this aft, as to all the matters °n fuch bonds, and things herein contained relating to the paying and allowing ^killuance any drawback under this aft, fhall have continuance until the * twentieth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and two.

SCHEDULE to which this A£t refers/

TABLE of DRAWBACKS and BOUNTIES to be allowedand paid under the Provifions of this A<ft in Britijb Currency.

Prices of brown or Mufc&oado fugar, at which drawbacks are payable in Britijh currency.	Drawback to bea Mowed on fugar of the Brifi/h plantation* in the lame ftatt in which it was imported, and bounty on refined fugatcalled baftards, or ground or [H>wdered fugar. or refined loaf fugar broken in pieces.	Drawback on other refined iugar in loaf, complete and whole, or lump duly refined.
If average prick of brown or Mufco -		
ifado fugar publifhed in the Ga-		
zette fhall not exceed 58 s. per	I.	
cwt. -	40	u
If it fhall exceed 58 s. and not ex-		
ceed 6oe. -	18	3*
If it fhall exceed 60 s« and not ex-		
ceed 6% s.	16	s;
If it fhall exceed 64 s. and not ex-		
ceed 64s* -	H	**
If it Ihall exceed 64 s. and not ex-		
ceed 66 8.	IS	40
If it fhall exceed 66 s. and not ex-		
ceed 68 8.	10	*7
If it ihall exceed 68 s. and not ex		
ceed 708.	S	n
If it fhall exceed 709.	Nothing	Nothing

CAP.

i24 Anno rt:gni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 75. [1801.

CAP. LXXV.

'Art efil to permit the exportation of tea to Ireland without payment f any duty, under certain r eft rifl ions.—[June 27, 1801. j

Preamble. TT7HEREAS the duties of cuftoms and excife payable on tea taken VV out of the wareboufes of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which, by certain pits of par-•	liament now	in force,	tire to be drawn back on the exportation thereof

to Ireland, are retained in Great Britain until 0 certificate of tht landing-of fuch tea in Ireland be produced: and whereas it is expe-. client to allow tea to be exported to Ireland, without payment of the duties fo allowed to be drawn back; be it therefore enacted by the King*s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritoal and temporal, and commons, in this Tea fold at prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, the Baft India ^hat fr°ro *n(* after the pafling of this it (hall and maybe company on lawful to export tea to Ireland without payment of any duties of or after June cuftoms or excife, as (hall, on or after the eighth day of June t, 1801, may -one thoufand eight hundred and one, be fold at the foies of the tSSffSST un*tc<* company of merchants of England trading to the East out payment' Mies, under and fubjed to the regulations and reftri&ions hereof duty if Tri-sifter mentioned : provided always, That no perfonor perfons taken out of whatfoever, (hall be at liberty to export any tea to or for Ireland,

boufertothat ^rce	excePt ^ch tca as	taken	for the foie and

purpofe and * cxprefs purpofe of being fo exported, for or out of the ware-in a quantity houses belonging to the united company of merchants of Eng• not left than a land trading to the Eajl Indies, and except in a quantity not Iefs 1°**	than one entire lot.

?*Ki5Cr	And	!t	enabled,	That no tea (hall be taken or

for exporta-delivered from or out of the faid warehoufes, free of chrty, for *-—exportation to Ireland, as aforefaid, until the proprietor or proprietors, or exporter or exporters thereof, (hall have given bond or fequrity in double the, value of the duty of cuftoms, to be approved of by the-commiffioners of cuftoms, and alfo bond or fecurity to be approved of by the' commiflioners of excife, or the perfon or perfons to be appointed or empqwered by them for that purpofe, in double the value of the duty of excife, for the due exportation of fuch tea, (the danger of the feas and enemies excepted;) which bonds or fecurities the faid commiflioners of cuftoms and excife refpe&ively, or the perfon or perfons fo to be appointed or empowered as afore-mentioned, are hereby autho-rifed and required to take in his Majefty’s nam£.

III.	And be it further enadled. That all and every perfon or tea to behind, pcffong-defirqus of exporting tea to Ireland free of duty, (hall, at ' leaft twenty-four hours previous to the delivery of any fuch tea, make entry in writing with the collettor of the cuftoms and proper officer of excife refpetfively, fpecifying the number of the lot or lots of tea intended to be exported, the number of each cheft or package, and the weight, the quality and Tale price of the tea in each lor, the amount of the duties qf excife qr cuf-

foms

tion until bond (hall haVe been given for the due exportation thereof.

Regulations

r8dr.] Anno rtgni qusfcdragefimo primo GrfosGH III. c. 75* *25

oas, as the cafe may require, the name of the (hip in which fuch. ea was imported, and alfo the port from whence fuch tea is in-ended to be exported; and thereupon the colle&or of the cuf-oms and proper officer of excife (hall refpedively receive and ike fuch bond or fecurity as aforefaid, and fhall give the per-in or per Ions propofing to export fuch tea, and entering into ich bond or fecurity as aforefaid, a certificate in writing, fpe-ify'rng the lot or lots of tea fo intended to be exported, and for pliich bond or. fecurity is taken, the number of each cheft or ackage, and the weight of each lot, the quality and fale price f the tea, the amount of the duties of cuftoms or excife, as the afe may require, and the name of the (hip by which imported;	v

nd upon producing to, and leaving with the proper officers of he cuftoms and. excife, having charge of the warehoufe in which he tea intended to be fo exported (hall be lodged or depofited,

'uch certificates refpedtively, fuch officers (hall, and they are lereby federally authorised and required to deliver a duplicate of iuch certificate under their refpedive hands to the accomptant employed by the. faid united company of merchants of England trading to.the Eafi Indies, and alfo to allow the tea particularly mentioned in fuch certificate to be delivered for exportation,1 without payment of or depofiting any duties thereon : provided neverthelefs, That fuch duplicate certificate fliall be delivered to the faid accomptant on or before the prompt day (that is the day fixed by the faid company for the buyers of tea to make payment for the fame) of the fale from which fuch teas are intended to be exported$ and the proper officer of excife (hall, upon the requeft in. writing of the perfon or perfons intending to t?ke out fuch tea for exportation, or of his known fervant or agent, grant a permit to accompany fuch tea to the port of exportation, which permit, in lieu and inftead of fpecifying that the duties have been paid, (hall, in addition to the feveral other particulars ufually expreiTed in excife permits, fpecify the number of chefts or. other packages, and the number of each cheft or package, the' quantity and Species or fort of tea (that is to fay), whether black or green tea, contained in each lot, and that fuch tea is intended to be exported to Ireland•

IV.	And be it further ena&ed. That before any fuch tea (hall Further re-be (hipped for exportation to Ireland^ the perlbn or perfons in- regulations, tending to (hip the feme, or his or their known fervant or.agent,

(hall give twenty-four hours notice in writing to the proper officers of cuftoms and jexcife refpe&ively, at the port of exportation, of his intention to (hip fuch tea, fpecifying in fuch notice the number of chefts and quantity of tea intended to be (hipped, the number of the chefts or packages, and quality of and fpecies of-tea contained in each cheft or package, and the name of the ftlip and of the matter thereof in whicl\the fpme is intended to be exported, and the time when fuch tea is intended to be (hipped; and (hall deliver to the proper officer of excife who (hall attend the (hipping of fucb tea, the excife permit with which the fame (hall or may be accompanied, and the officer of cuftoms and Vol. XLIU.	Q,	excife

126 Anno regni quadragelimo primo Georoxi III.C. 75. [x8tfi.

excife refpe&ively, who (hall attend the Shipping of fuch tea, (hall give to the (hipper a debenture or certificate, teftifying the ibipping thereof, which certificate of the (hipping of fuch tea, together with a certificate under the hands of the proper officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, of the due landing of fach tea in Ireland^ being within four months of the date of the bond or fecurity produced to and left with the colle&or of the cuf-toms and officer of excife refpeftively, by whom fuch bond or fecurity (hall have been taken, fuch bond or fecurity fhall be thereupon difcharged. betaken b°	^• And be it further ena&ed, That no duty (hall be received

the Eaftlndia or t3ken by the united company of merchants of England trading company for to the Eqft Indies, for or in refpc& of any tea which (halt be tea delivered delivered for exportation to Ireland purfuant to the diregions of for exporta-. thjs and that the fajd unitecj company (hall be difcharged of land	*he duty f°r fuch tca f° delivered for exportation, upon pro-

ducing to and leaving with the proper officers of cuftoms and excife, the duplicate or certificate herein-before directed to be delivered to the accomptant of the faid united company, any thing in this or any other a£k or a&s of parliament to the contrary in anywife not with (landing.

Penalty for VI. And be it further ena&ed. That if any perfon or perfons tea^efivered cfnbezzle, take, or carry away any tea delivered from any for exporta- warehoufe for exportation to Irelandy either before or after the tion to Ire- (hipping thereof, or if any- perfon or perfons whatfoever, after land, or for the (hipping of any fuch tea for exportation, (hall confign, un-^eat^itd1 *ac*e or Pur> or carry on ^ore in any part of Great Britain, any afterbeing W tca f° flapped f°r exportation to Ireland as aforefaid (except in Ihiptforex- cafe of (hipwreck or other unavoidable necefiity), every perfon portation. fo offending fhall, in every fuch cafe, over and befides the penalty of the bond, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

Penalty for VII. And be it further enabled. That if any perfon or perfons ine'deben-' whatfoever, (hall at any time counterfeit or forge, or caufe to ture8, &c. counterfeited or forged, any debenture, certificate, or permit, in any cafe in which a debenture, certificate, or permit is by this adt required to be ufed, given or granted, any perfon fo offending, and being thereof convi&cd in due form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony,' and (hall j?e tranfported for the term of seven years; and if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully and knowingly alter or erafe any fuch debenture, certificate, or permit, with intent or for the purpofe of deceiving his Majefty’s officers of cuftoms or excife, any perfon fo offending, and being convifted thereof, (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds. Comraiflfon- VIII. And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful to ers ot the cuf-an(j for tjle	Co mini (lion ers of the cuftoms and excife refpec-

cife nfay for-"	to	forbear,	if	they (hall fee caufe fo to do, to put in fuit

bear to put any bond by this adt direSed to be given or entered into upon I bouds in Hut. fuch terms and conditiohs as to the faid commiffioners refpec-lively (hall feem meet.

All laws in IX. And be it further enabled, That .all and every the powers, force relating directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, daufes, matters, aad

things,

i8oi.] Aftno regfti quadragcfimo primo Georgii IIL c. 76. 227 things, which in and by an aCt made in the twelfth year of the to the excife reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An ad for taking	to

away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights feruice and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majejly's in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, (hall be praCtifed, ufed, and put in.execution as fully and effectually as if.all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties,, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaCl£d in this prefent a£t.	'

X.	And be it further enaCted, That all fines, penalties, and Recovety forfeitures impofed by this aCt, (hall be fued for, recovered, le- renaWei?n ° vied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, or methods, as any

fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflminfer, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland^ refpediively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or-forfeiture, (bail he to his Majeftv, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them, who (hall inform, difeover, or fue for the fame.

XI.	And be it further enaCted, That if any aCtion or fuit fhall	of

be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any a l0ns* thing by him or them done in purfuance of this aCt, fuch aCHon or

fuit (hall be commenced within three months next after the

matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county,

and the defendant or defendants in any fuch aCtion or fuit may

plead the general iffue, apd give this ad and the fpecial matter General iffiie.

in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards

a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the

plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his,

her, or their action or profecution, or judgement fhall be givea

againft him, her, or them upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch

defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him, Treble cofts.

her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act to authorife the iffuing of commijjions and letters of marque and reprifal againjl his Majeffs enemies, to fuch )lips and vef-fels belonging to his Majtfty. as are or may be employed in the service of the boards of cujloms and excife, and other public boards in. this kingdom.—[June 27, 1801.]

WHEREAS under the regulations of an aft of parliament made Preamble.

andpaffed in thirty^third year of the reign of his prefent Ma- 33 Geo. 3. jtfly, intituled, An a£t for the encouragement of feamen, and for c* 66. the better arid more effeCtualjf manning his Majefty’s navy, the lord high admiral or the commtffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, are authorifed to caufe commiffvms and letters of marque to be iffued to fuch)hips and vejfels only as belongs to his Majeftfs fubjecls, and which fhall have

<^2	been

«8 Anno regniqnadragefimoprimoTJ boro ii III. c. 76. [1801.

been rcgiftered purfuant to an aft of parliament made mi puffed in ** the twenty-fixtb year of the reign of his faid Majefly, intituled, An act for the further increafe and encouragement of {hipping and navigation, the certificate rf which registry is alfe by the fdid first recited aft required to be produced to the tori high admiral or commifi floners for exacting the office of lord high admiral ofGreat Britain, previous to the granting any fuch commffion or Utter of marque: aid whereas Jbips and vejfels which belong to bis Majefly are by the fail recited aft paffitd in the twenty firth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly expt efsly exempted from being regiftered, by reafbn whereof no eommiffions or letters of marque can regularly be granted to any Jhips or ttejfeh of his Majejly in the jervico of the boards of cufloms and excife, or other publick boards, without the fanftion of parliament \ The admiral- q^y jt therefore pieafe your Majefty that it may be eoadted; and mieft of the* lt ena^c<* the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with commiffion- the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and era of thecuf- commons, in this prefent parliament atfembled, and the aufbo. toms, excife, rity of I he fame* That from and after the paffing of this aft, it ^ueTetters	and	may be lawful to and for the lord high admiral or the

of marque to commifiioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of fuch perfons	Great Britain, for the time being, or any three or more of them,

as the coni-	if they dull think fit, or any perfon or per fans, by him or them

fhaU noroi-	empowered and appointed for that purpofe, at the tequeft or on

nate to be	the application of the commifiioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms,

commanders, excifc, navy, tranfports, ordnance, or viftualling, to €aufe to be an<* th(V»Pn h^8	*n x^e majineir on< more commiffion or commif-

divfded lbC ^°ris9 or ^etter or letters of marque and reprifal, to any perfon among the	or peribns whom fuch commifiioners fo applying (ball nominate

captors in	to be. commander, or in cafe of death fuccefflvdy commanders

fuch (hares as of fUch (ftp or veflfel for the attacking, furprizing, feizing, and fione^&c;	by or with fuch (hip or vefi'el, or with the crew thereof,

(hall think * any place or fortrefs upon the land, or any (hip or yeflel, arms, proper. ammunition, (lores of war, goods, and merchandize, belonging to or pofTcfled by any of his Majefty’s enemies, in any fea, creek, haven, or river, and that fuch (hip or (hips, veflel or veflels, arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods and merchandize what- 1 loever, with all their furniture, tackle, and apparel, fo to be taken* by or with fuch (hip or veflel fo having fuch comtniffion or letter -of marque, after final adjudication thereof, as lawful prize in the high court of admiralty^ or in any other court of admiralty in his Majefty’s dominions, which (hall be duly au-thorifed thereto, (hall wholly and entirely belong to, and be divided between and among the feveral perfons who (hall be on I board the fame, and be aiding and aflifting in the taking thereof, I in fuch (hares and proportions as the commifiioners qf his Mt- 1 jtdy’s cuftoms and excife, or of any other publick board in this ] kingdom, (hall refpeciiyely think ^proper, and that neither his j Majefly, his heirs or fucceflors, nor any other perfon or perfons whensoever, other than the perfons who (hall be fb on board fuch (hip or veflel, and be aiding and aflifting m (uch captures, (hall be entitled to any part or (bare thereof, except as to the

cuftoms

i8oi»] Anno regni quadragefimopritno Georgii III. c. 7 7. 229

cuftoms and duties which bylaw are or may be payable in re* fpe<St thereof, any thing contained in the faid recited ad pafled in the thirty«third year of his faid Majefty’s reign, or any other law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof* in any wife not* withstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it declared and ena&ed, That before the granting or ifluing of any commiffion or letter of jorf ufaing* marque in purfuance of this ad, fuch or the like bail and fecurity any letters of (hall be taken as hath been ufual in cafes of commiffions or ni^qae m di* letters of marque granted to merchants Ships and veftels, and J*1	c

that the fuffictency of fuch bail or fecurity {hall be enquired into and reported, and fuch oath be taken by them as are preferibed and required by, the faid recited ad pailed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his laid Majefty, and that all and every the rules, regulations, claufes, provifoes, reftiidions, pains, penalties, forfeitures, matters and things whatioever, contained in the faid laft mentioned ad, or in any other ad or ads of parliament relating to the applying for, obtaining, ufing, or revoking of com-* midions, or letters of marque for (hips or veftels belonging to his Majefty’s fubjeds, and relating to the commanders, officers, and crews of fuch {hips or veffels, and the captures by them made, or offences by them committed, or to any perfon or per*

Tons granting certificates, or otherwife ading in refped to filch £hips or veftels, (except fo far as the fame are hereby altered and amended) {hall be obferved and performed and be in full force and effed fo far as the fame are dr may be applicable in regard to (hips or veftels having commiffions or letters of marque under the provifions of this prefent ad, and to the commanders, offi* cers, and crews thereof, and other perfons ading in any wifo relating thereto, as fully and effedually to all intents and pur-pofes as if the faid rules, regulations, claufes, provifoes, reftric- * tions, pains, penalties,'forfeitures, matters and things, were particularly repeated and rc-enaded in the body of this prefect ad. '

CAP. LX XVII.

An act for allowing, until the firjl day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and two> the importation of certain fijhfrom Newfoundland and the toa jl of Labrador, and for granting a bounty thereon.

—[June 27,1801.]	■

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit the importation of falted Preamble.

and pickled falmon and falted dry cod fijh from the ijland of Newfoundland and the coafi of Labrador into the united kingdom of Salted falmon Great Britain and Ireland, and to allow on fuch importation a bounty cod^filtfmav on every quintal or hundred weight of fuch fijh Jo imported; be it be imported therefore enade,d by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by ahd from New. with the advice and confent of the lords fpritual and temporal, foundland or and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by fhe Labrador^br authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing 01 this britifli fob*

<L3	ad,jeds.

z$o Annoregni quadragefitno primoGEOKGii III. c. 77. fi8oi.

ad, it (hall and may be lawful to import from the iflaod of Neva-found land, or the coaft of Labrador, into the faid united kingdom, any falted or pickled falmon, or falted dry cod fi(h, having been taken and cured at the faid places, or cither of them, by Britifh fubje&s, any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwith-.	Handing*

fmportation II. And be it further ena£ted, Tint upon the inportation of there (hall be fuch fi(h into the faid united kingdom, there (hall be paid and allowed a allowed to the importer or proprietor thereof a boqnty of three bounty ofjs. (hiiJingS for every quintal or hundred weight of fuch fifh, and per^qum or pr^)port;on for any greater or lefs quantity, which bounty C d'ti	be paid and allowed upon the following conditions; that

wh?ch bounty « to fy* uPon t*ic matter and mate of every (hip or veffel in (hall be paid/ which (uch fi(h (hall be imported, making oath at the port of importation before the colle&or or other principal officer of the cuftoms in Great Britain, or of the revenue in Ireland, that all the faid fifh imported in the faid (hip or veflel was taken and cured by hi* Majefty’s fubjefts carrying on the fifhery at the ifland of Newfoundland, or on the coaft of Labrador, as the cafe may be y and upon fuch fiQi being duly entered and regularly landed in the prefence of the proper officer or officers appointed j for that pUrpofe.

falmon may be HI* Provided always, and be it further ena£ted. That falted exported cod fi(h and falmon which (hall have been imported under the without being authority of this a<5t, and on which the bounty above-mentioned fubjeft tore,	been as	may	nevertheless	be exported

§nty!C° ° without being fubjeft to the repayment of the faid bounty ; any thing in this aft, or any other law or ftatute, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IV. And be it further ena&ed, That fuch bounty (hall be under the management of the refpeftive commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland in Great Britain, and the com-miffioners of the revenue in Ireland refpeftively, and (hall be paid by the faid colleftor or other principal officer, before whom an<Tscotiand, fuch oath is directed to be taken as aforefaid, out of any fund and the com- under the management of the faid commiffioners refpeftively: mtffioners of provided always, That, before any bounty (hall be paid upon any Irelan(dnUCin	as a‘orefa^,. the fame (hall be examined by two in-

Fifh to be ex- different and dilinterefted perfons, experienced in the nature of mined by fiich 6ft*> appointed for that purpofe at the port of importation, twoexperi- with the approbation of the faid commiffioners refpeftively; enced peifons which perfons fo appointed, together with the proper officer or bepid.°Umy °®ccrs who (hall attend the examination of the faid fifh, (hall , # declare, upon their corporal oaths, to be adminiftered by the colleftor or other principal officer at the port of importation, whether the faid fifh, or any part thereof, is or is not merchantable; and in cafe any fuch fi(h, or any part thereof, (hall not be merchantable, no bounty (hall be allowed or paid on the importation thereof.	,

Aftsfor fe- v. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That nothing in pn&itnotto $1$ ^ contained fhall extend or be deemed or conftrued to ‘eaffefted.	extend

ty t under the management of the com-miflioners of the cuftoms in England

tSoi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 78.

♦xtend to vary, alter, or repeal any aft or afts of parliament j&iade for the fecurity of the duties upon fait, but that every a ft •r adls of parliament, relating to fuch duties, {hall remain in force in like manner to all intents and purpofes, as if this aft had not been made.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That no bounty "word* (hall be paid or allowed.on the importation of any fuch fi(h, £,g to^he for or upon any greater quantity or weight thereof than is or quantity of {hall be contained and exprefTea in the manifeft required by pfli exprefled law, upon the importation thereof into any port of the unitedmanifcft* kingdom.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any perfons ?c[ft>n18 fr*“" (hall, in any manner whatever, fraudulently obtain any bounty

upon the importation of fuch fi(hv or (hall enter any fuch fi(h bounty to for-for the purpofe of obtaining any bounty thereon, contrary to the feit iool. true intent and meaning of this aft, then and in every fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons lb offending (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the (aid bounty upon Bounty to be

the importation of fuch fi(h (hall be paid and allowed in fuch paid in like and the like manner, and under fuch and the like conditions,	^

rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, as any theTmporta-bounties on the importation of the produce of the Britijh filheries tion of the may, by any aft or afts of parliament now in force, be paid and produce of allowed, fo far as the fame are applicable thereto ; and the fe-

veral claufes, powers, and direftions therein contained {hall, and a ’ are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and ftiall be re-{peftively applied, praftifed, and put in execution for or in refpeft of the bounty hereby allowed, as far as the fame are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and pur* pofes whatever, as if all and every the faid claufes, provifionr, powers, direftions, penalties, and forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That this aft {hall continue Aftto conti-

in force until the first day of Auguji one tttoufand eight hun-	us*

died and two.	*

CAP. LXXVIIL

An act to extend the powers of on aft, pafjedin the twenty fevenlh year of the reign of bis late majejly King George the Second, intituled. An act for the better securing to conftables and others the expences of conveying offenders to gaol, and for allowing the charges of poor perfons bound to give evidence againft felons; and for allowing to high conjlables, in that part of the united kingdom called England, their charges in certain , cafes.—[June 27, 1801.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the twentyfeventh year of the Preamble.

reign of bis late majejly King George the Second^ intituled, *7Geo.a.c.3. An act for the better securing to conftables and others the ex*

0^4	pences

2jz Anno rcgni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 78. [1 Sot.

pences of conveying offenders to gaol^ and for allowing the charges of poor perfons bound to give evidence again ft felons, it is enafled9 That when any perfon, not having goods or money within the county when be is taken, Sufficient to bear the charges of himfelf and of thofe who convey him, is committed to gaol or the htiufe of correction, by warrant from any jujiice or juftices of the peace, then on application by any conjlable or other officer who con* veyed him to any juftice of the peace fat' the fame county or place, he Jball upon oath examine into and ajcertain the reafonable exporters to be allowed fueh conjlable or other officer, and Jball forthwith without fee or reward, by warrant under his hand and feal, order the treafurer of the county or place to pay the fame, which the faid treafurer is hereby required to do as foon as he received fucb warrant 3 and any fum fi paid Jball be allowed in bis accounts: and whereas il is expedient, in certain cafes, that conftables fpecially appointed by Juftices of the peace to execute any. warrant or warrants, Jbould he paid the reafonable charges and expences incurred by them, as well in 9	refpeft of Jearching for and apprehending offenders, as in conveying

fucb offenders to gaol: and whereas it is alfo expedient that high con-ftables Jhould, in certain cafes, be allowed the extraordinary charges and expences by them incurred; may it therefore pleafe your Ma-jefty that it may be ena&ed j and be it ena&ed and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of. the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the When1 fpeeial fame. That, from and after the paffing of this a&, it (nail and fhallbe may	to aRd for any two juftices of the peace for any

pointed in county, city, divifion, riding, or place, within that part of the England to united kingdom called England, when any perfon or perfons execute war- (hall have been nominated or appointed' a Special con ft able or ^felony two ft*0’1*? conftables, for the purpofe of executing any warrant or juftices may warrants in any cafe or cafes of felony, to order, by.any writing order proper or writings under their hands, fuch proper allowances to be allowances to made to fuch fpeeial copftable or fpeeial conftables, for his or their «penccs ^eir cxpehces, trouble, and lofs of, time in executing or endea-and lpfs of - vouring to execute fuch warrant or warrants, as to him or them' time, which (hall feem reafonable and neceflary j which orders (hall be afterorder (hall be wards laid before and fubmitted, on the oath of fuch fpeeial quarter^f-t0 con^a^^e or conftables; to Ihe confideratibn of the juftices afiem-fion8. •*" hied at the next general quarter feffions of the peace to be holdcn for fuch county, city, djviiion, riding, or place, as the cafe may b.e; and the juftices fo aflembled at fuch general quarter feffions may allow pr difallow the whole or any part or partsof fuch allowances fq ordered by fuch juftices iffuing fuch warrant or warrants, and (hall and may thereupon then order and diredt the treafurer for fuch county,-city, divifion, riding, or place, to pay fuch fum olr fums of money to fuch fpeeial conftable or fpe-cial conftables, as to the faid juftices fo aftembled (hall feem reafonable and neceflary; .and fudi treafurer (hall* and he it hereby authorifed -anfl required forthwith to pay the fuoi and fums of' money fo prdered and dire&ed \o be paid to the perfon ,	‘	*	s'	"...........  ‘	"*	‘ l,‘ * * or

i8oi.] Anno regni quadragriimo primo Georg'iiIII. c. 79. 233

or perfons empowered to receive the fame ; and fuch treafurer (hall be al!owed%the fame in his accounts.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be law* Two juftices ful to and for any two juftices of the peace within their refpec-ia litc nunj'tI tivejurifdi&ions, to order and direft,by any writing or writings Allowances to under their hands, fuch reafbnable and neceflary allowances to be made to be made to any high conftable or high conftables for any county, high confta-city, divifion, riding, hundred, or place, within that part of the orSnar united kingdom called England> for any extraordinary expences pen^incur-incurred by him or them in the execution of their refpeftivd red in the duties, in any cafe or cafes of tumult, riot, or felony; and filch execution of orders (hall be laid before and fubmitted, on the oath of fuch high conftable or conftables, to the confideration of the juftices r?oTor8fdony, affembled at the next general quarter fei&ons of the peace to be	9

holden for fuch county, city, divifion, riding, or place, as the fame (hay be; and the juftices fo aflembled at fuch general quarter feffions may allow or difallow the whole or any part or parts of fuch allowance fo ordered, and (hall and may then order and direct the treafurer for fuch county, city, divifion, riding, or place, to pay fuch fum or fums of money to fuch high con-liable or high conftables as to the faid juftices fo aflembled (hall feem reafonablc; and fuch treafurer fhall, and he is hereby authored and required forthwith to pay the fum or fums of money bordered and directed to be paid, to the perfbn or perfons empowered to receive the fame; and fuch treafurer (hall be allowed the (ame in his accounts.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for th$ better regulation of publick notaries in England.—

[June 27, 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient* for the better prevention of illite- Preamble.

rate and inexperienced perfons being created to aft as, or admitted to the faculty of publick notaries, that the faid faculty fbould be regulated in England; be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent * parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, *rom Aug. t, from and after the first day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and one, no perfon in England (hall be created to act as a pub- land (hall aft lick notary, or ufe and exercife the office of a notary, or do any as a publick notarial aft, unlefs fuch perfon (hall have been duly fworn, ad- *}otary» mitted, and inrolled, in manner herein-after.direfted, in ^ ftilyadmitted court wherein notaries have been accuftomarily fworn, admitted, and inrolled.	'	/

II.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the faid ftjfi/be ad-firft day of Augujl one thoufand eight hundred and one, no per- mitted as a fon (hall be fworn, admitted, and inrolled, as a. publick notary, notary unleft* unlefs fuch perfon (hall have been bound, by contraft in writing he (hall Have or by indenture of apprenticelhip, to ferve as a clerk or appren-tice, for and during the fpace of not lefs than (even years, to a for feven

publick years; and if

*34 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii 111. c. 79. [1801. bound after publick notary, or a perfon ufing the art and myftery of a feri-1	>	vener (according to the privilege and cuftom of the city of

of cerudn *** tendon* fuch ferivener being alfo a publick notary), duly fworn, particulars be admitted, and inrolled, and that fuch perfon, for and during the made, which faid term of feveh years, (hall have continued in fuch fervice; rolted^n th anc* a^° un^^s evcry fuch Perfon who (hall, from and after the prober court. first day of duguft9 be bound by contrail in writing or indenture of apprenticefhip, to ferve as a clerk or apprentice to any publick notary or ferivener, being alfo a publick notary, (ball, within three months next after the date of every fuch con-trad of indenture of apprenticelhip, caufe ah affidavit to be made and duly fworn by one of the fubferibing witneffes, of the adual execution of every fuch con trad or indenture of appren-ticefhip by fuch publick notary, or ferivener (being alfo a publick notary), and the perfon fo to be bound to ferve as a clerk or apprentice as aforefaid; and in every fuch affidavit fball be fpc-cified the names of every fuch publick notary or ferivener (being „ a publick notary), and of every fuch perfon lb bound, and their places of abode refpe&ively, together with'' the day of the date of fuch con trad or indenture of apprenticefhip ; and every fuch affidavit (hall be fworn and hied within the time aforefaid, in the court where the publick notary, to whom every fuch perfon refpedively (hall be bound as aforefaid, (hall have been inrolled as a notary, with the proper officer or officers, or his or their refpedive deputy or deputies, who (hall make or fign a memorandum of the day of filing every fuch affidavit on the back or N , at the bottom of fuch contrad or indenture, bound after HI. And be it further eriaded, That no perfon who (hall, Aug. x, 1 Soi, after the faid first day of Augujl become bound as aforefaid, (hall ibaff be ad- be admitted or inrolled a publick notary in the court of faculties ^urtVffa-6 f°r a^m‘tt*n8 an<l inrolling publick notaries,before fuch affidavit culties before Awll be produced and openly read in fuch court, at the time of fuch affidavit fuch perfon’s admiffion and inrolment.

{hall be openly IV. And be it further enaded. That the following peribns read in court.	be deemed and taken to be the proper officers for taking

and filing fuch affidavits; (that is to fay) the matter of the filing^ffida.* faculties of his grace the lord archbifhop oi Canterbury JUnify rits.	his furrogate or commiffioners.

Officer filing V. And be it further enabled, That the officer filing fuch affidavits to affidavits as aforefaid, (hall keep a book, wherein (hall be entered enter the fob- the fubftance of fuch affidavit,. fpecifying the names and places bi2kC fo* °f *bode °f every fuch publick notary, and clerk or perfon bound which lie may as aforefaid, and of the perfon making fuch affidavit, with the take 5s. date of the contrail or indenture of apprenticelhip in fuch affidavit to be mentioned, and the days of fwearing and filing every fuch affidavit refpedively; and fuch officer (hall be at liberty to take, at the time of tiling every (uch affidavit, the fum of five '	(hillings, and no more, as a recompence for his trouble in filing

Book may be fuch affidavit; and which book (hall and may be fearched, ia fcarfhedforis. office hours, by any perfon or perfons whomfoever, upon payment of one (lulling for fuch fearch,

VI. And

iSoi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii tlf. c. 79/

VI.	And be it further enadted, Thar, from and after the faid No publick first day of Auguft, no publick notary or ferivener, being alfo a notary toM^ publick notary, (hall take, have, or retain any clerk or appren- ticJLIK^ tice who (hall become bound as aforefaid, after fuch publick be {hall a&u-notary or ferivener, being alfo a publick notary, (hall have dif- ally pradtife*' continued or left off, or during fuch time as he (hall not adhially

pradtife or carry on the bufinefs of a publick notary.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed. That every perfon who (hall. Apprentice to from and after the faid first day of Auguft^ become bound by ** a&ual|y contra& in writing or indenture of apprenticefhip to ferve any fo^°vears mm publick notary as hereby dire&ed, (hall/ during the whole time the bimneft, and term of service to be fpecified in fuch contract or indenture

of apprenticefhip, or during the time and fpace of seven years thereof at lead, (if bound for a longer term than seven years) continue and be adtually employed by fuch publick notary or ferivener, being alfo a publick notary, in the proper bufinefs, praSice, or employment of a publick notary.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That if If any matter

any fuch publick notary or ferivener, being alfo a publick notary,	or

to or with whom any fuch perfon fhall be bound, (hall happen ticc^br any36* to die before the expiration of fuch term, or (hall difeontinue or indenture (hall leave off fuch his practice as aforefaid ; or if fuch contradt or be cancelled indenture of apprenticefhip (hall, by mutual confent of the par- by* mutual ties, be cancelled $ or in cafe fuch clerk or apprentice (hall be Syappr^Stke legally difeharged before the expiration of fuch term, and fuch fhall be legally clerk or apprentice (hall, in any of the faid cafes, be bound by difeharged, in another contract or contradls, indenture or indentures in writing, ^uch C9^B & to ferve, and (hall accordingly ferve in manner herein-beforeferve^Xiefe-mentioned, as clerk or apprentice to any fuch publick notary or fidue of seven ferivener, (being alfo a publick notary) as aforefaid, during the years with refidue of the faid term of seven years, then fuch service (hall be

deemed and taken to be as good, effedlual, and available, as if fedtua] if^a fuch clerk or apprentice had continued to ferve as a clerk or affidavit be apprentice for the faid term of seven years to the fame perfon to filed of the whom he was originally bound; (o as an affidavit be duly made coa* and filed of the execution of fuch fecond or other contradl or tra“* contracts, within the time and in like manner as is herein-before direfled concerning fuch original contract.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That every perfon who, from Apprentices and after the faid first day of Auguft^ (hail become bound as clerk

or apprentice as aforefaid, (hall, before he be admitted and in- before^dmil? rolled a publick notary according to this adf, make before, and fion, to file file with, the proper officer herein-before for that purpofe men- affidavits that' tioned, or caufe the publick notary, to whom he was bound, thcJJ ***** f to make and file an affidavit that he hath actually and really ferved and been employed by fuch pra&ifing publick notary, to whom he was bound as aforefaid, during the whole term of (even years, according to the true intent and meaning of this adh

X.	And be it further enadted, That, from and after the faid If any notary first day of Auguft, if any publick notary (hall as fuch, or

permit or ffiffer his name to be in any manner ufed for or onl”|t {^name

account, to be ufed for

136 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 79. [1801, the profit of account, or for the profit and benefit, of any perfon or perfons ®ot uftiUed to not cntided to ad as a publick notary, and complaint lhallbe ad as a 00- °	in a fummary way to the court of faculties wherein he

tary, be (hall hath been admitted and inrolled, upon oath, to the fatisfa&ion be kruck off of the faid court, that fuch notary hath offended therein as afore-fhe roll, faid, then and in fitch cafe every fuch notary fo offending (hail be ftruck off the roll of faculties, and be for ever after disabled from pra&ifing. as a publick notary, or doing'any notarial aft; fave and except as to any allowance or allowances, fum or fum$ of money, that are of (hall be agreed to be made or paid to the widows of children of any deceafed publick notary or notaries, by aqy furviving partner or partners of fuch deceafed notary or .	notaries.

Any perfon XI, And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the faid thing belone-	<*ay of Augujl,	in cafe any perfon (hall, in his own name or

ing to the of- the name of any other perfon, make, do, a&, exercife, or fice of a no- execute and perforin, any aft, matter, or thing whatsoever, in without any wife appertaining or belonging to the office, function, and mittf/ ihall Pra&‘ce a publick notary, for or in expectation of any gain, forfeit 50I. fee, or reward, without being admitted and inrolled, every fuch perfon for every fuch offence, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be kfi*ed for and recovered in manner herein* after mentioned.

Aft not to	XII* Provided alWays, and be it further enadted, That this

^fonfrom	or an^ t^ing herein contained, (hall not be taken or con*

SmtffiofTwho	to exclude any perfon from being fworn, admitted, and

hath been inrolled a publick notary, in the accuftomable court aforefaid, bound 6A or who hath, on or before the first day of January one thoufand 1, ejght hundred and one, been bound by contract in writing or seven years, indenture of apprenticeship, to ferve as a clerk or apprentice to to any notary any publick norary or ferivener, being alfo a publick notary, or or perfon who any perfon who (hall- have actually ferved in the capacity of fenred^as^^ cljerk or aPPrent*C€ to anY publick notary or ferivener, being *)fo clerk or ap- a publick notary, for the term commencing before the first day prentice seven of January one thoufand eight hundred and one, for the term years, though of not lefs than seven years, notwithftanding fuch perfon (ball not bound by

not have been bound by contra# in writing or indenture of ay-con	a	, c. prent;ce^ipj	or that fuch term of* seven years (hall not expire

till after the	faid first day of	Augujl 5 and provided that fuch

clerk or apprentice (hall, within fix months after the pafling of this ad, enter into and become bound by contra# in writing or indenture of apprenticelhip, to any fuch publick notary, and (hall a&ually ferve for the remainder of the term of seven years: provided always. That an affidavit (hail be previoufly made and tiled, in manner herein-before directed, of fetch adual service for any term not kfe than seven vyears* to any fuch qualified notary or ferivener^ and every Inch per (on, may, after the expiration of fuch term of seven years* and .affidavit of fuch service «.	-	•	having .been	pn?vipufly made	and filed as before diredfed, be

*	fyvom, admitted* and inrolled	to be a publick notary, m the

, fame manner as per fens to admitted, fworn*, and inrolled . ' . .	t	publick

iSoi.] Anno regni quadragefimo prime Georgii III. c. 79. publick notaries, are hereby required to be fworn, admitted, and inrolied refpedively; any thing in this a& contained to the contrary notwith(Winding.

XIII.	And whitens the incorporated company of fcriveners if London, by virtue of its charter, hath jurifdiftion over its members king refident within the city of London, the liberties of Weftmin-ftcr, the borough of Southwark, or within the circuit if three niles tf the faii city, and hath power to make good and whokfbma laws and regulations for the government, and controul of futb%mem~

hers, and the faii company. of fcriveners praflifng. within the cftrc-	%	.

/aid limits, and it is therefore expedient that aU notaries rcfidmt within ibe limits of the faii charter, Jbould come into and he under tkjurifdifiion of the faii company, be it therefore eoa&ed, That P^ribns spall perfon* who may hereafter apply for a faculty to become a publick notary, and praftife within the city of London and the fcronfe noliberties thereof or within the circuit of three miles of the fame t&ries within . city, (hall come into and become members, and take their free- the jurifaic* * dom of the hid company of fcriveners, according to the rules t!°n of and ordinances of the (hid company, on payment of fuch and fciiv^ers, the like fine and fees as are ufually paid and payable upon the (hall pre-adroiffion of pcrfens to the freedom of the faid company, and vioufly take (hall, previous to the obtaining fuch faculty, be admitted to the ^f\hc"Sm-111 freedom of the faid company, and obtain a certificate of fuch panys . freedom, duly ligned by the clerk of the fame company for the *	* .

time being, which certificate (hall be produced to the mailer of faculties, and filed in his office prior to or. at the time of ilTuing any faculty to foch perfon to enable him to pradife within the jurifdi&ion of the faid company.

XIV.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby ena&ed. That A& not to nothing in this adfc contained fhall extend, or be confirmed to ext<^to extend, to any pra&or in.any ccclefiaflicaJ court in England-, ]K^bSh”i nor to any fecretary or ftecretaries to any bifhop or hi (hops, courts, fe-merely pra&ifmg as foch fecretary or fecretarie*; or to any other crctaries to perfon or. perfons neceflarily created a notary publick for the bifhops, &c. purpofe of holding- or exercifing any office or appointment, or occafionally performing any publick duty or service under go-vernment, and not as general pra&itioner or pra&itioners; any

thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding: provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall extend,' or be conftrued to exempt any protfor, being alfo a publick notary, from the pains, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, by this a& impofed upon any publick notary, who fhall permit or fuffer liis name to be, in any manner, ufed for, or on account, or for the-profit and benefit, of any perfon or petfons, ✓ not entitled to a& as a publick notary.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed. That nothing in this a£t nor to perfons contained fhall extend, or be confirued to extend, .to prevent on °r . any perfon who, ©n or before the paffing of this act, fhall a&^have have been admitted as a publick notary, from afling as. a pub- been admitted lick notary, or ufing or exercifing the office of a notary in any as notaries, manner, or doing any notarial a£U whatever.

XVI.	And

Anno regfti quadragefimcf prime* Ge6rg1i III. c. 80; [i8oi. Recovery and XVI. And be it further enabled. That all pecuniary forfei* pcuaitirt°n °* turcs an<* Pcna^!*cs impofed on any perfon or perfons, for offences * committed againft this aft, fhall and may be fued for and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminjlity by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbign^ protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed, and wherein the plaintiff, if he or fhe fhall recover any penalty or penalties, fhall recover the fame . . for his*or her ownufe, with full cofts of fuit. a^ons!*011 °* XVII. And be. it further enacted, That if any aftion or fuit fhall be brought or commenced for any thing done in porfuance of this aft, every fuch action or fuit (hall be commenced within three calendar months next after the fait committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid and tried in the county wherein the caufe of aftion fhall have arifen, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or fuit, fhall and may General iffiie. plead the general ilfiie, and give this aft, and the fpeciai matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad; and if

•	the fame fhall appear to have been fo done, or if any aftion or fuit fhall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, or fhall be laid in any other county or place than as afbrefaid, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and jupon fuch verdtft, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall be non-

•	fuited, or fuffer a drfcontinuance of his, her, or their a&ion or fuit, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon'demurrer judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or

Treble cofts. plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts, and (hall have fuch remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in any other cafe by law. Publick aft. XVIII. And be it further enacted,'That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpeciaily pleading the fame.

CAP. LXXX.

An act to indemnify all per font who have printed\ pullijbei, or if perfei) or who /ball puhlijh or difperfe^ any papers printed under -the authority of any head officer of Jlatey or of publick boards, «r Other publick authorities^ from all penalties incurred by reafon of *	'	the	name	and	place	of	abode	of	the	printer	of	fuch papers not btiif

printed thereon.—[June 27, 1801.]

Preamble. TT7HEREAS in an aft paffied m the thirty ninth year of tht 39 Geo. 3. y V reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled, An act for the more c* 79*	effeftual	fuppreffion	of	focieties	eftablifhed	for	feditious	andtrea-

fonable purpofes, and for the better preventing treafonable and feditious practices; certain provifions are contained to rejlrotn tht printing or publishing of any papers or books wbatfoever, which Jbouid be meant or intended to be publifhed or difperfed without the namt and place of abode of the printer thereof being printed thereon, with a

certain

1

8oi.] Atino regni quadragefirno primo Georgii III.c. Si. 23^

penalty on the perfon printing, publijhing,	difptrfing,

• afjijling in publijhing or difperfing the fame, contrary to the id aft: and whereas by an aft paffed in the thirty •ninth and rtieth years of the reign of hit prefent Majefty, intituled. An ad 39 & 40 Geo.

> indemnify all perfons who have printed, publifhed, or dif- 3- c* 9S* srfed, or wno (hall publi(h or difperfe any papers printed under *£ authority of the commiffioners or head officers of any publick oards, frorti all penalties incurred by reafon of the name and lace of abode of the printer of fuch papers not being printed lereon, the printers and publijbers of certain papers printed by rder or under the authority of certain publick offices and boards herein mentioned, without the name of the printer thereon, were ijcharged and exempted from all penalties incurred before the pafftng f the faid lafl mentioned aft; and it is expedient to extend the pro* nfions of the faid aft, and alfo to indemnify perfons tranfafting the ufinefs of other publick offices: be it therefore enaded by the Cing’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-ent of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons, in this preient parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the feme, perfons who That every perfon who (hall, before the paffing of this ad, have have printed printed any paper whatfoever, by order or under the authority anypaners of any head officer or officers, of any of the principal offices of ”hority of **** ftate, or of any office or board relating to any branch of the theheadof-revenue, or to the army, navy, marines, artillery, or ordnance, fleers of any in the difeharge of the duties of any fuch office, or by order, or °f th*Erin~ under the authority of any officer or perfon whatfoever employed	of

by his* Majefty, or under his authority, in difeharge of any pub- any board of lick duty or employment, or (hall have publi(hed or difperfed, revenue, &c. or aflifted in publifliing or difperfing, or (hall hereafter difperfe,or ^h° have or affift in difperfing, any paper whatfoever that (hall have been printed before the paffing of this ad, by fuch order or Under hereafter dif-fuch authority as atorefaid, (hall be and is hereby declared to be perfe any ' freed and difeharged of and from all fuits, informations, profe- paper fo cutions, judgements, fines, and penalties whatfoever, commenced, profecuted, adjudged, or incurred, or which may be commenced, this aft, (hall profecuted, adjudged, or incurred, for or by reafon of any of- be indemnified fence alledged-to have been committed againft the faid 'firft re- fron? Incited aft, by occafion of fuch printing, publiftiing, or difperfing, redbyreafoa or of affifting in publifhing or difperfing any fuch paper as afore- of any offence fatd, as fully, freely, and effectually, as if the feme had been againifc the reprinted according to the provifions of the faid adf.	cited aft.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for enabling his Majefty to raife the fum ottwo millions for the ufesand purpofea therein mentioned .—[June 27, 1801.]

His Majefty may empower the treafury to caufe loans to be received or exchequer bills to be made for 2,o3o,ocol. any time before Jan. 5, 1801. agreeable to 41 Geo. 3. c. 7. of lalt feffion. Exchequer bills to be iigned by the auditor. Powers of 4.1 Geo. 3. c. 7. to extend to this aft. Loans or exchequer bills chargeable on the first aids granted next feffion, and if not granted before July 5, 1802, to be paid out of the confolrdated fund.

Monie* iffued from the confolidated fund to be replaced out of the first fupplies. The bank, in cafe of invafion, may advance the money hereby authorifedio be raifed.	_

a4dAMoregniquadragefimoprimoGEORGii JJLc.Sz—84. [1801,

CAP, LXXXI1.

An act for railing the fum of fix millions five hundred thoufand pound! by loans or exchequer bills* -for the service of Great Britain, For the year one thoufand eight hundred and one.—[June 37,1801.]

CAP. LXXXIIL

An act for railing the fum of three millions by loans or exchequer bilk, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thoufand eight hundred and one.—[June *7, 180 r ]

CAP. LXXXIV.

An aft For granting to his Majtfty certain fums of money out of the con-folidated fund of Great Britain, and out of the confolidated fund of Ireland; for applying certain monies therein mentioned, fortheicrtice of the year one thoufand eight hundred and 00c; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament.—[June 37, 1801.]

5*100,oool. out of the confolidated fund, may be applied towards the iupply for 1801. The laid fum may be raised by loans or exchequer bills. Subscribers to have tallies of loan fbruck, and orders for repayment with intereft, which fhall be regiftered and paid in 'courfe. No fa for regiftering, &c. Penalty for undue preference. Not to be deemed undue preference, which of tallies brought the fame day are entered firft; nor if fubfequent orders are paid before others not demanded in . courfe. Orders affignable. Treafury may prepare any number of exchequer bills, not exceeding the aforefaid fum as preferibed by the malt aft of this feffion ; malt aft to extend to this aft, except as to charging the exchequer bills on that duty, and the rate of intereft. Exchequer bills to be paid out of the confolidated fund. The bank may advance the money. 4,000,000!. out of the duties upon income; and 1,100,000!. out of the duties granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 76; and 433*3331* 6s, 8d. remaining of the grants for the emperor of Germany j and 65,6711. 4s. remain-ing of the grants for the ekftor of Bavaria; and 65,8371. 198. ;d, aq. forplus of grants for 1800; and 50,000b out of the intereft of land rax contracted for 5 and 4.0S0I. its. 6d. 3q. reserved in the exchequer for particular fervices ; and 8,180b 168. nd. 3q. remaining of contributions to lotteries, may be applied towards the fupply. An aft of the parti-merit of Ireland, 40 Geo. 3. recked. 1,566,461!. 10s. 9d. iq. fterimg granted by recited aft, fhall be carried to the confolidated hind of Ire* I land for x8oi. The treafury in Ireland, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, may eftablilh lotteries there, which lhall be conduced as mentioned in certain afts of the parliament of Ireland, unlefsotherwifc provided for. 120,000b sterling profits of lottery, to be eftabliftied under this aft, to be carried to the confolidated fund of Ireland; as alfo ail monies coming into the exchequer of Ireland, under 41 Geo. 3. c. 3. 4,186,461!. :os. 9d. iq. sterling out of the confolidated fund of Ireland, fhall be ifiued and applied as hereafter ^expreffed. Contributions for annuities granted by 41 Geo. 3. c. 3. remaining after remittance to Ireland of the fum direfted by that aft 5 monies raised by the lottery; 4,000,000!. out of the duties upon income; 1,200,000b out of the duties granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 76; 433*333*- 6s* 8d. remaining of the grants tortheen-peror of Germany j 6 5,671b 48. remaining of the grants for the eleftorof Bavaria; 65,837b 19s. 7d. *q. lurplus of grants for 1800; 50.000!. out Of the intereft of land tax contracted for; 4,080!. ns. 6d. 3q. referred id the exchequer, for particular fervices; 8,280b r6s. nd. 3q. remaining of contributions to lotteries; 2,000,000b granted by c. 81; 6,500,000!. granted by c. 82 5 3,ooo,coob granted by c. 83 j and 3,xoo,oool. out of the confolidated fund, fhall be applied as follows: 12,422,037L os. id. for naval fervices, viz. 2,497,500!. for wages of 135,000 men, include 30*000 marines, for ten lunar mouths, commencing March 26, illot.

i Soi-3 Anno regniquadragefimoprimoGEOROii III. C. 84. 241

2,565,000!. for their victualling. 337,5001. for ordnance for fca fervice.

4,050,6661. for wear and tear of mips. 637,418b 58. 8d. for the ordinary of the nary, including half pay. 733,900!. for buildings and repairs or (hips and extra works. 1,445,7181. 14s* 6d. for tranfport service and prifoners of war in health. 155,0001. for fick prifoners of war. 1)083,3751. 178. 7d. for ordnance for land fervice, from April 1, to Dec: 31, i8or. 39,9721. 15s. for ditto, not pnovided for by parliament in 1799.	5*>7o6b	14s. for

ditto, not provided for in 1800.	299,9071.	9s. 56. for ordnance in Ire-

land, from Jan. 5, 1801, to Jan. 5, 1802. 1,000,000b for exigencies.

3oo,oool. for the queen of Portugal. 13,910,466], 6s. for land fervice, viz. 1,653,878!. 6s. 5d. for 58,387 effective men in Great Britain, Jer-fey, Guernfey, and Alderney, from March 15, to December 24, 1801.

576,593b 12s. 7d. sterling for 17,232 effective men in Ireland, from Jan.

1, to December 24, 1801.	1,724,1771.	os. 4d. for forces in the plantations, &c. from March 25, to December 24, 1801.	38,003b as. id. for

recruiting for the regiments in East India for 1801. 352,500b for recruiting and contingencies and, extra forage for cavalry in Great Britain, ' from March 25, to December 24, 1801. 319,748b 13s. sd. sterling for ditto in Ireland, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 21, 1801. 86,5221. 6s. 8d. for general, ftaff and hospital officers in Great Britain, Guernfey and Jerfejr* from Dec. 25, 1800, to Dec. 24, 1801. 48,197b 58. 4d. for ditto m Ireland, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 24, 1801. 973,431b 8a. 9d. for militia and fencible infantry in Great Britain, from March 25, to Dec. 24, 1801.

1,381,017b 10s. ud. sterling for ditto in Ireland, from Jan. 1, to Dec.

34, 1801. 50,000b for contingencies for the militia and fencible infantry in Great Britain, for 1801. 34,451b 3s. for ditto in Ireland, from Jan.

1, to Dec. 24, 1801.	122,667b	is.	3d.	for	cloathing for the militia in

Great Britain, for 1801. 25,662b 8s. ad. for fupernumerary officers for 1801. 1 i6,o88l 148. fd^for the paymafter general, commiflary general, judge advocate, comptrollers of army accounts and exchequer fees in Great Britain, for 180X.	6,416b	os. 6d. for thq mufter mailer general,

judge advocate general, phylician and furgeon general, &c. in Ireland, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 24, 1801. 255,000b for increafed rates for quartering foldiers, and an allowance for fmall beer in Great Britain, from March 15, to Dec. 31, 1801.	115,384!.	las. 4d. sterling, for allowances,

to the forces in Ireland, for fmall beer and while on march, from Febru-ary 25, to Dec. 24, 1801. 138,979b 78. id. for reduced officers of the land forces and marines in Great Britain, for 1801.	10I.	xas. id. fora

private and a fuperannuated gentleman of the horfe guards, for 1801.

14,855b »s. 5d. sterling for half pay for officers and allowances to retired chaplains in Ireland, from Jan. x, to Dec. 24, i8ox. ioool. for officers late in the service of the ftatjes general, for 1801.	52,500b	for	reduced

officers of the Britilh American forceB, for 1801, and 7*500!. for allowances to them. 148,382b os. 6d. for Chelfea hospital, for 180X.

35*9231. 18. sterling, for the hospital near Kilmainham, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 24,1801.	20,227b	10s.	for	widows*	penfions in Great Britain, for

1801. 5,042b 4s. 3d. sterling for ditto in Ireland, from Jan. 1, to Dec.

24, 1801. 455,000b for volunteer corps in Great Britain, from March 45, to Dec. 24, 1801. 425,139b 18. 7d. for ditto in Ireland, from Jan.

1, to Dec. 24, 180X. 293,939!. for the barrack department in Great

Britain, from March 25, to Dec. 24, 1801.	339,708b X3S. 3d. fterling,	✓

for ditto in Ireland, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 24, 1801.	21,372b	19s.	9a.

fterling, for medicines, bedding, hospital contingencies, and the military

infirmary in Ireland, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 24, x8cx. 303,39x1. 43. 3d.

for foreign corps from March 25, to Dec. 24* 1801. 656,388b 8s. 6d.

for an augmentation of the forces in Great Britain, from March 25, to

Dec. 24, 1801. 11,167b 68. 1 id. sterling for additional field officers to

the militia in Ireland, from March 24, to Dec. 24, 1801. 2,500,000b

for extraordinaries of the army in Great Britain, and 6o6,oool. for ditto

in Ireland, for 1801. x,ioo,oool. to discharge exchequer bills made out

on credit of the duties on income. 250,000b to difeharge exchequer bills

made out on credit of duties granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. 4,000,000b

to difeharge exchequer bills made out under 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 6.

Vol, XUII,	R	3,500,000b

242 Anno regni quadragefimo’primo Georoii III. c. 84. [1801.

3*500*000!. to difcharge exchequer bills made out ufidef 39 and 40 Geo. 3- c. 1 oa. 3,ooo,oool. to difcharge exchequer bills made but under 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 103, 3,000,000!. to difcharge exchequer bills made out under 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. io4.x 522,4001. Irifh, to pay a like torn borrowed on treafury bills in Ireland. it,808b 6s. 3d. iffued purfuantto add relies of the houie of commons. 10,8911. i is. xod. i/Tued purfuant to addrefils of the houfe of commons. 7,950b for the civil eftablifhment of Upper Canada, for 1801. 5,915b for the civil eftablilhment of Nova Scotia, for 1801.	2,420b	xos. tod. for the civil effabliibment of New

firunfwick, from June 24, to Dec. 34, 1801.	1,900b for the civil effa-

bliftiment of the iiland of Saint John in America, for xBox. 9571.16s. . od. *q. for the civil eftablilhment of Cane Breton, from June 24, to Dec. 31, x8oi. 1,641b 8s. 5d. for the civil eftablifhment of Newfoundland, from April z, to Dec. 31, 1801. 4,100b for the civil eftablilhment of the Bahama iflands, for 1801. 301b 18s. 4b. iq. for the civil eftablift-xnent of the Bermudas, from June 24, to Dec. 31, 1801.	600b	for	the

civil eftablWbment of Dominica, for j8oi. 7,146b for the civil eftablifhment of New South Wales, from 06t. 10, 1800, to Dec, 31, 1801. *o,ooob for forts in Africa. 4,000b for the civil eftablifhment of Siem t»eonc, for 1801. 7,620b for fuperintendance of aliens, for 1801. 2,270!. 18s. «d». for profecurions relating to the coin in 1800. 37,317b 6s. jd. for convicts at home, for nine months to Dec. 31, 1801. io,oool.for printing for the houfe of commons,.for i8or. 25,000b for bills from - New South Wales, jn 1801.	3*5501.	for	theexpences of the cotnmiffioo

under the American treaty, for i8oi. 208,7721. for refugees of Francr, Toulon, and Corfica, Saint Domingo fufferers and American loyalilb, for nine months, to Dec. 31, 1801. 15,000b for feerdt fcrvice money, to Dec. 31, 1801.	2,482b	168. for additional allowances to clerks in the

office for auditing the publick accounts. 500k for a plan for enquiring into the mendicity of the metropolis. 453b 12s. 7d. for a plan tor the improvement of the port of London. ti6l. 16s: for the index to the lords’journals. 3,500b to difcharge fees on palling publick account*, 374b 48. 8d. for cxpences at.the parliament office in fefiion 1800. 6,756b xos. fd. for bills drawn from New South Wales in 1800. 7,901b 10$. 4d. for ditto due in 1801. 2,000b for works about the houses of parliament. 175b 3s. 2d. for pafiing a commiffion to enquire into Cold Bath Fields prifon. 895b 16s, for medicines fent to New South Wales. 305,4841 78. %d. for intereft on exchequer bills made out under feveral a£h in 39 and 39 and 40 Geo. 3.	177,330b 188. rod. for difeounton prompt pay.

ments to the loan and lottery, for 1800. 17,518b 143. yd. to the bank 'for receiving the contributions to the loan and lottery for 1800. 902b 14s. 6d. for falaries of the officers and expends of the commiffion for the redu&ion of the national debt. 1,000b for extra trouble in making out exchequer bills. 132b 38. 6d. for a clerk employed in American claims. 3,000b for the board of agriculture. 1,500b for the Veterinary college. 30,000b for buildings for a royal military college. 8,400b for preroifei at Chelfea, intended for a royal military afylum. .200,000b to the com-miffioners for the reduction of the national debt. 3,000b for the Britiib mufeum. 2,701b 9s. to the chairman of the committees of the houfe of lords. 5,cool, to the Levant company. 827b 12s. for additional allowances to clerks for auditing publick accounts. 528b 9s. for, carrying on the* works at the New Marlhalfea. 800I. for premium? for eifeys on breaking up of grafs lands. 5,000b for military roads and bridges m North Britain. 313I. 16s. nd. sterling, to Stephen Moore, efquire, for preparing the publick accounts of Ireland. *an. 10s. 9d. to John Smart, efquire, for preparing the publick accounts of Ireland. 738b 98.3d. fter-ling, to fir John Tydd, baronet, for his care in the office of payraafterof corn bounties in Ireland. 184I. 12s. 4d. sterling, to Robert MarfhalJ, efquire, for preparing accounts of the imports and exports of Ireland. 129!. 4s. yd. sterling, to Mr. Rogers Wetherall, for ditto. 1291. 4s. jd. sterling, to Mr. John Swan, for preparing accounts in the excife office io Ireland. 966b 18s. 7d. 2q. sterling, for defr aying the expence of pratique - in Dublin. 249,538b 98. 3d. sterling, for defraying the charge of civil buddings fra* Ireland. 21307b 13$, iod, sterling, for defraying the charge

of

i8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo pfimo Georgii III. c. 85. 243 '

of apprehending publick offenders in Ireland.' 23,0761. x8s. 6d. fieri in#, for the charge ot the offic e of the folicitor of criminal caufes in Ireland.

6,485]. roe. pd.'Hlerling, for the charge of proclamations and advertifiu menu in the Dublin Gazette, See 3,4771. 28. 4d. sterling, for printing certain ftatute* in Ireland. 18,1661. ns. iod. sterling, for printing, llationary, &c. for the publick offices in Ireland. 1,8461. 38. id. sterling, for the incidental expences of the board of treafury in Ireland.

5>53»K	3d. sterling, for building offices for the records of Ireland, 8cc.

013I. t8. 6d. sterling, for working a gold mine in Wicklow. 6831. is. 6d. fteriing, for clothing the battle-axe guards in Ireland/ 1,002!. 9s. 3d. sterling, for clothing the officers of arms and ftate trumpeters in Ireland for one'year. 19,9381. 9s. 3d. sterling, for the linen and hempen manufactures in Ireland, viz. x,oool. Irifh currency for encouraging the raising of hemp and flax. a,oool. ditto for the hemp and flax manufactures in JLeinfter, Munfter, and Connaught. 7,2501. ditto for the growth of flax.

10,3501. ditto for promoting the faid manufactures in lieu of the fum paid	*

out of the tea and coffee duty. 4,615!. 7s. 8d. sterling, to the board of first fruits in Ireland, for building churches. 5,076!. 18s. 6d. sterling, to the Dublin fociety for promoting huibandry. 4,1531. 16s. nd. sterling, for completing buildings at the tepofitory of the Dublin fociety, &c.

1,846!. 3s. id. sterling, for promoting the purpofes of the farming focie-tles in Ireland. 9,230!. 15s. 5d. sterling, for paving, Sea. Dublin. 4,1531.

168.1 id. sterling, for making convenient Greets in Dublin. 18,213b 4s.

7<i. for promoting Englifh proteftant fchools m Ireland, 13,846b 3s. id* sterling, to the foundling hospital m Dublin. 1,846b 38. id. sterling, to the Hibernian marine nurfery for Tailors* children. 6,i8«l. 138. iod. sterling, for fupporting the Weftmorland lock hospital in Dublin. 3,6551.

78. 9d. sterling, to the Hibernian fchool for .Soldiers' children. 7,384b ns. 4d. sterling, to the Roman Catholic feminary. 15,594b 98. 3d. . sterling, for ftipporting the houfe of induftry in Dublin; i,iool. Irifli currency, of which to be applied for the (alaries of the acting governors thereof. 276b 18s. 6d. fteriing, to the fociety for dilcountenancing vice.

See. in Ireland. 461b 10s. 9d. sterling to the female orphan hotofe Dublin, for 1801. Supplies not to be iflued for any other than the authon£$d purpofes. Rules to be obferved in the application of the fum appropriated for half pay. Officers employed on the.itaff, or in garrifons, may receive half pay On taking the oatn mentioned in this ad. By 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 109. a certain fum was appropriated to be paid to reduced	*

officers, *the overplus of which may be diipofed of as his Majefty (hall judge proper. Certain American and £aft Florida orders made out punuant to x8 Geo. 3. c. 40. and 30 Geo. 3. c. 34* dire&ed to be paid, when application is nvade at the exchequer for that purpole. Duplicates of Irifh treafuiy bills or debentures loft o? deftroyed, may t? made on affidavit of the faft, before a baron of the. exchequer in Ireland, &c.

CAP. LXXXV.

1	.	"

An all for better payment offines and forfeitures imp fed by jtfiices out of fejfion, in England.^June 27, iSoi.j

FOR the better bringing to account and making payment of fucb Preamble.

Jhare of fines* forfeitures* and penalties due to his Mafefty* which ate not by law payable to any particular perfons* commijjiontrs* fir others* levied before jufiices of the peace ailing, out of fejfion ; be it enabled by the King’s tnoft excellent majefty, by and with A .uft;cc jn the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and England out commons, in this prefent.parliament afiembled, and by the au- oHeffion may thdrity of the fame, That from and after the paffing ot this acl, receive and it (hall be lawful for every juftice of the peace a&ing out of fountsJmS* feffion for any county, riding, city, borough, divifioty or place, forfeiturcsim-

m $	in	pofedby him

dire&ed.

±44 Anno regnt quadragefimdprime Georgii III. c. 8$. fiRoi.

or any other in England^ to receive all fines, forfeitures, and penalties, im-juftice, which pofed by him or any other juftice of the peace as aforefaid, acl-iuiy ' 5ng out	fe/^ons> and not niade payable to any body or bodies

body corpo- corporate, or any commiflioners of any publick boards, or any rate, &c. or other perfon or perfons, and to give receipts for the fame, which °t!AC^,I>nrfon, rcce*Pls (hall be a fufficient difcharge to the parties by whom an account^ ^ ®ncs^a^ be payable; and every fuch juftice fhall, by thereof in a himfelf or clerk, keep an account in a book, to be provided for book in man- that purpofe, of the amount of every fine, forfeiture,'or penalty, ner herein, which fhall have been fet or impofed by any adjudication or order made by every fuch juftice, fpecifying the place and time and manner of fuch adjudication or order, the nature of the offence, and the adfc or a<5ts under which the fame was adjudged, and the name or names of the perfon or perfons on whom fuch fine, forfeiture, or penalty was fet or impofed; diftinguiDiing whether the fame was paid or levied, and what part or (hare thereof, if any, has been or fhall be paid or payable to any body or bodies corporate, commiflioners, or perfon or perfons, with the name and defeription of fuch body or bodies, commiflioners, perfon or perfons, and the authority under which he, fhe, or they claimed fuch part or fhare; and fhall annually, previous to the Michaelmas feflion, pay into the hands of every fheriff of the county or city, and town and county having a feparate fheriff, for which fuch juftice fhall have atfted in impofing fuch fines, all | fuch fines, forfeitures, or penalties, or the parts or fhares of fuch fines, forfeitures, or penalties as (hall be due to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors; and the fheriff or his under fheriff is hereby required to give an acquittance for the fame, which fhall be a full difcharge to every fuch juftice, his heirs, executors, | and adminiftrators, for fuch fines, forfeitures, or penalties, or parts or fhares thereof.

II.	And be it further ena&ed. That any juftice of the peace (hall, previous to the Michaelmas feffions, annually tranfmit to the clerfc of the peace of the county, city, or town, or clerk of

fuch fines and the town within which fuch fine, forfeiture, or penalty fhall forfeitures to have been impofed, an account in writing, ftating the feveral fines, forfeitures, and penalties, which Hav/e been impofed by him, and (hewing which have been received by him, and from whom, and for what offences; which account the clerk of the peace or town clerk fhall enter in his eftreats with the names of the juftices, that the fheriff may be charged with the fame in his appofal before the foreign appofer, to the end that the fame may be fet over and anfwered to the crown, in like manner as in the cafe of fines and forfeitures fet or impofed at any feflion of the peace.

III.	And be it further enadted, That as often as two or more juftices fhall adt together in fetting or impofing any fine, forfeiture, or penalty, then the faid account fhall be kept, and a

fhall he kept, copy of it (hall be delivered or tranfmitted, and the payment as mem made b a^or^a^ (haH be mac*e by fuch one of the faid two or more juf-Se^ne refi-7 as re^c at or near the place where fuch adjudication

The juftice fhall alfo tranfmit an account of

the clerk of -the peace or town clerk, that the fhe-riff may be charged therewith in his appofal, &c.

Where two

juftices fhall impofe fines, the account

j8oi.] Anno regniquadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 86- 2.45

lion or order was made, or at or near&ft the place where fuch dent at the general quarter feffioos (hall be held.	%	place	of adju*

IV.	And be it further enatfted, That the faid feveral clerks of c<^ftabies the peace or town clerks., or their deputies, (hall, within ten on receWura days next after any fuch general quarter feffions of the peace in accounts of which fuch juftice (hall have returned any copvi&ion as afore- fuch fines to faid, deliver to the bailrfF or chief conftable of the diftridt where

any perfon fhali refide who (hall by law be entitled to any (hare entitledthere-

or proportion of any fines, forfeitures, or penalties which (hall to,

have been had and received by any fuch juftice as aforefaid, an

account in writing of fuch 'fines,, forfeitures, and penalties;

which bailiff or chief conftable (hall tranfmit an account thereof

to the petty conftable of the pari(h, townfhip, or place where

fuch perfon (hall refide, that notice may be given to the perfon

fo entitled, that he may, without delay, apply to fuch juftice for	'

his (hare of fuch fine, forfeiture, or penalty.

V.	Provided always. That nothing in this *6t (hall be con- Ad not to ftrued to extend to prevent the officers of the crown from allow- prevent of-^ ing any fines, forfeitures, or penalties, levied by juftices of the CTOwn°from peace for juftices wages, in the fame manner as other fines are allowing fines now allowed by law ; and provided alfo, That it (hall be lawful as heretofore, for fheriffs, or any other perfons empowered to allow the fame, &c*

to have an allowance of the fame poundage on the balance of fuch fines charged on them after an allowance for juftices wages, in like manner as for fines at the affizes.

VI.	And be it further enabled. That nothing herein contained ^tthc^a*-

fliall be conftrued to prevent the payment to the receiver of fines, ment to the * penalties, and forfeitures, by the juftices or their clerks, in any receiver of of the feyen publick offices appointed by virtue of an a&j patted fines by the in the thirtv-fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, inti-	?L

tuled, An afl for the more ejfel

~xr * their clerks,

.	.	_	_	,	~	. oj the office of ain any of the

juftice of the peace, in fuch parts of the counties of Middlefex ana seven publick Surrey, as lie in and near tfo metropolis, and for the more effectual offices, ap-

prevention of felonies.

CAP. LXXXVI.	c'53'

An aft far granting to his Majefty additional Jlamp duties on cards and dice* 9nprobates of wills; on certain	,	leafesy

or other deeds j and on ale licences.—[July 2, 1801.]

Moft gracious Sovereign, '	'

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the coin- rreamUe.

mons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandy in parliament affembled, towards raising the  necessary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the duties herein-after mentioned, and do moft humbly befeech you Majefty that, it may be ena&ed ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

r 3	parliament

14$ Anno regni quadragdimo primo OeorgIi III. c. 86. [1801. The following parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, to b!f hi ^rom an<* a^cr re^PC(^lve ^mes herein-after mentioned, there Great*Bri-	be ra^e<*» levied, coltafted, and paid, throughout the king,

tain;	dom of Great Britainr, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his

heirs and fucceffors, the feveral and refpe&ive rates and duties following; (that is to fay).

On playing	For and upon every pack of playing cards made fit for faleor j

carda 1 ufe in Great Britain, the fum of fixpence:	|

1	And	for and upon every pair of dice made fit for fale or ufe in

Grial Britain, the fum of two (hillings aitd fixpence; fuch re-fpeftive duties to be paid by the maker of fuch cards and dice

*	refpecftively:

probates of For every (kin or piece of^vellum or parchment, or (heet or ter^oTadmi- V^cct of paper upon which (hall be ingroffcd, written, or printed, migrations in, Graf Britain, any probate of a will, or letters of adminiftra- j tion, for any eftate of or above the value of fix hundred pounds, and under the value of one thoufand pounds, the fum of three pounds ; and where the eftate is of or above the value of one thoufand pounds, and under two thoufand pounds, the fum of ten pounds; and where the eftate is of or above the value of two thoufand pounds, and under five thoufand pounds, the fum of twenty pounds; and where the eftate is of or above the value of five thoufand pounds, and under ten thoufand pounds, the fum of thirty pounds ; and where the eftate is of or above the value of ten thoufand pounds, and under fifteen thoufand pounds, the j furfi of fifty pounds; and where the eftate is of or above the value of fifteen thoufand pounds, and under twenty thoufand pounds, the fum of one hundred pounds; and where the eftate is of or abovp the value of twenty thoufand pounds, and under thirty thoufand pounds, the fum of one hundred and fifty pounds ; and where the eftate is of or above the value of thirty thoufand pounds, and under forty thoufand pounds, the fum of two hundred and fifty pounds; and where the eftate is of or above the value of forty thoufand pounds, and under the value of fifty thoufand pounds, the fum of three hundred and fifty pounds; and where the eftate is of or above ther value of fity thoufand pounds, and under the value of fixty thoufand pounds, thc?fum of four hundred and fifty pounds; and where the eftate is of or above the value of fixty thoufand pounds, and under feventy thoufand pounds* the fum of five hundred and fifty pounds; and where the eftate is of or above >the vatoe of feventy thoufand pounds, and under eighty thoufand pounds, the film of fix hundred and fifty pounds; and where the eftate is of of above the value of eighty thonfand pounds, and under ninety thoufand pounds, the fum of seven hundred and fifty pounds; and where the eftate is

*	>of or above the value of ninety thoufand poundsvand under one •hundred thoufand pounds .the fum of eight hundred and fifty pounds; and where the eftate is of or above the value of one hundred thoufand pounds, the fum of nine hundred and forty pounds:

And

1801.3	Anno regni quadragefimo prinjo Georgii ill* c. 86, 247

And upon every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet Indentures, ^or piece of paper, upon which any indenture, leafe, bond, or •ether deed, for which a damp duty of three (hillings is charge- j/c.^o.9 *

I able by an aft .palled in the tnirty-feventh year of the reign of his p/efent Majefty, (hall be ingrofled, printed, or written, in Great Britain, the additional duty of two (hillings :

And upon every fkin or picqc of vellum or parchment, or (hcet Licences for • or piece of paper, upon which .(hall be ingrofled, written, or retailing a(e,

[ printed, in Great Britain, any licence for felling ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail in Great Britain, the additional duty of ten Ihillings and lixpence,

II.	And be it further enacted, That the duties charged on any Duties to be

of the matters and things herein-before mentioned, on which any Pa*d over a duty is by law payable on and immediately before the day on ®boveany which this aft (hall receive the royal affent, (hall be paid over Mtlt pafling and above the faid duty or duties ; and that all the faid duties this aft, and Jiereby granted, .(hall be under the government, care, and ma- toie under nagement of the commiffioners for the time being, appointed to	tie"

manage the duties charged on undamped vellum, parchment, and ^mndffion-paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and ersfor ftampi^ 'empovyered to employ the neceflary officers under them for that

purpofe \ and in order to denote any of the feveral duties payable by virtue of this aft, whenever they fee occafion to ufe fuch damps as (hall have been heretofore provided to denote any former duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or on cards and dice, or to caufe new damps to be provided for that ppr-pofe, or for the purpofe of denoting the former duties, and alfo the duties granted by this aft, and to*alter or renew the fame refpeftively, from time to time, and to do all other things necef-fary to be done for putting this aft in execution, with relation to the faid feveral duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or the major part of them, are au-thorifed to put in execution any former law concerning damped ✓ vellum, parchment, and paper, and cards and dice refpeftiyely.

III.	And whereas it is expedient that the duties payable in rejpefi

jofprobates'or letters of adminijl ration, Jbould not be paid more than vidcTaTftamp * ones on the fame ejiate; be it therefore enafted, That it (hall be for marking lawful for the faid commiffioners of damps, and they are hereby probates of authorifed and required to provide a damp or mark diftinguifh-able from all other damps or marks ufed in relation to any damp n^ration reduties, for the purpofe of damping or marking any piece of vei- lating to any lum, parchment, or paper, whereon any probate of any will or eftate in reletters of adminidration (hall be ingrofled, printed, or written, in relation to any edate in refpeft whereof any probate or letters of or Oerters of adminidration (hall have been before taken out, and the full adminiftra-aqaount of the duties payable thereon, by any aft or afts of par- tion (ball have Jiament then in force, according to the full value of fuch edate, been before (hall have been duly paid and difeharged j and in every cafe the duties ^ where any probate of probates or letters of adminidration, (hall then payable have been taken out, duly damped according to the full vaiue difeharged.

248 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgix III. c. 86, [1801.

of the eftate in refpe£l whereof the fame (hall have been granted* then, and in fuch cafe, any further or other probate 01* letters c/ adminiftration as aforefaid, which (hall be at any time thereafter applied for or in refpedt of fuch eftate, (hall and. may be iffued and granted upon any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, (lamped, or marked with the (lamp or mark provided by the fatd commiflioners by virtue of this adl, for fuch other probates or letters of adminiftration as aforefaid ; and every fuch other probate or letters of adminiftration which (hall be duly (lamped or marked with fuch ftamp or mark as laft aforefaid, (hall be as available in the law, and of the like force and effect in air re-fpefts whatever, as if the vellum, parchment, or paper whereon I	the fame (hall be ingrofled, printed, or written, had been duty

(lamped with the ftamp or mark denoting the full amount of the duties payable in refpedl of the probate or letters of admiiriftra-tion taken out on the full value of fuch eftate; any thing in any a<ft or a6ts, or this adl, before contained, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the raid commiflioners of (lamps, and they are hereby required to caufe all dice that (hall be brought to the head office of (lamps for the purpofe of being (lamped or marked with the (lamp or mark provided to denote the duties payable on dice, to be ma^nurl^tlfe wraPPe^ an(* enclofed, after the fame (hall have been duty name of the damped or marked, in a paper wrapper, (lamped or marked with any ftamp or mark provided for that purpofe, and fattened with a thread or feal, as the faid commiflioners (hall for that purpofe direft 5 and it (hall alfo be lawful for the faid commiflioners of (lamps, in every cafe where the fame (hall be required by the maker of any fuch dice, to provide any additional (lamp or mark, containing the name of fuch maker, or any other mark to dif-tinguifti the maker thereof, and to caufe the fame to be printed on, or affixed to, or made part of the wrapper or paper in which any fuch dice fhall be wrapped after the damping thereof, in manner herein-before directed.

y. And be ft further enabled, That no playing cards or dice (hall be exported to any parts beyond the feas out of Great Bri* without being Yarn, without being damped for ufe in Great Britain, as required damped, until by the laws now in force, and this a&, until after the expiration

notice at the S	ten ^ays a^ter not'ce be g*ven al the head office of (lamps

head office of by the makers thereof, of the quantity intended to be exported, ftampsofthe and of the port or place in Great Britain from whence the fame are intended to be exported, and of the port, or place, and country exorte(\° 5ec t0 wbicb the fame are intended to be carried or conveyed, nor nor until*a * ur*til a certificat? under the hand of fuch officer as (hall beap-certificate be pointed for that purpofe by the commiflioners of (lamps, exprefling the feveral matters required in fuch notice, and alfo certifying that bond has been given according to the provifions of this a£l for the exportation thereof, be delivered to the proper officer of the cuftoms at fuch port or place in Great Brita\nx he (hipped but which certificate (hall be given without fee or reward, nor (hall

any

Thecommif-fioners to caufe dice to be enclofed, after duly damped, in a

dice maker thereon.

No cards or dice (hall be exported

delivered to the officer of the cuftoms at the port, nor (hall any

iSoj.J Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c.

any fuch cards or dice be laden or put on board any (hip or vef- * fel but in the prefence of the proper officer of tl>c cuftoms, and 1 according to the laws now in force for exporting non-enumc-( rafted goods from Great Britain.

VI.	And be it further enabled. That it (hall be lawful for any J maker or makers of cards or dice to remove the fame from the , place where the fame (hall be made without payment of duties i for the fame, provided the fame be duly marked and ftamped for 1 exportation, and provided that before the fame fhall be fo re- 1 moved, a bond be entered into to his Mnjefty, his heirs or fuc-ceffors, with fufficient furety or fureties to be approved of by the commiflioners of ftatnps, or the major part of them, or the per-fon by them appointed for that purpofe in treble the amount of all the duties that would be payable on fuch cards or dice refpec-tively, if the Tame had been made for ufe in Great Britain, with a condition to export fuch cards or dice into fome port or part beyond the feas within a time 'to be limited in fuch bond, and to land the fame1 (the danger of the feas excepted), in the port or place in foreign parts to be mentioned in fuch bond, and which fhall be the fame port or place mentioned in the certificate of the officer of ftamp duties as aforefaid, and not to lade or put any of the fame on board any other (hip or veflej, either in any port or. place in Great Britain or elfewhere, or at open fea, and that the fame or any of them (hall not be re-landed in any part of Great Britain, which* bond fhall be lodged with tht commiflioners of (lamps, or the officer appointed • by them foi that purpofe, and fhall and may be profecuted for arty bread thereof, according to the law now in force, in relation to anj duties upon ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That fuch bond he rein-befon direded to be given, (hall be difeharged in manner herein-afte mentioned (that is to fay), for fuch of the faid cards or dice as (hal be entered to be landed in Ireland, the condition of the bom (hall be to bring in a certificate in difeharge thereof within fi: months from the date of the bond ; and within twelve month for fuch of the faid cards or dice as fhall be entered for or landed i any other port or place in Europe-9 and within eighteen month for fuch of the faid cards or dice as (hall be entered for or lande in any of his Majefty’s plantations in America or Africa, or an of the united dates of America; and within twenty-four montl for fuch ?f the faid cards or dice as (hall be entered for or lande in any port or place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope; whic (aid certificate for fuch cards or dice as aforefaid as (hall be land* in any port or place where any officer or officers of his Majefty cuftoms (ball be refidenr, fhall be figned by the proper offic or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms there, importing that fin cards or dice were there landed, teftifying the landing thereol and if no officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms (hall be refident in fin port or,place where fuch cards or dice fhall be landed, fuch ce tjficate fhall be figned by the Btitijb conful or other sperf< filing as fuch there, importing that fuch cards or dice were the

i$o Anno rcgni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 86. [1801.

landed teftifying the landing thereof; and if nQ officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or Britijh conful, or other perfon afting as fuch, (hall be refident in fuch poet or place where fuch cards or dice (hall be landed, fuch certificate lhall be under the common feal of the chief magiftratc in fuch port or place, or under the hands and feals of two known Britijh merchants, then being at fuch port or place, that fuch cards or dice were there landed, or fuch bond or bonds (hall be difeharged upon proof, in either of the faid cafes, that fuch cards were taken by enemies, or periihed In the feas, or by fire, the examination ana proof thereof, being left to the judgement of the faid commiffioners of (lamps, or the major part of them for the time being.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That from .and after the paffing of this aft, fo much of an aft palled in the fifth year of

So much of.

5 Geo. i. c.

19. repealed, .... as limits the the reign of his late majesty King George the Firfl, intituled, period of putting in fuit, bonds for exportation of

An act for redeeming the fund appropriated for the payment of tbs lottery tickets which were made forth for the service of the year one thoufand [even hundred and ten, by a voluntary fubfeription of the fro-cards or dice, frietors into the capital Jiock of the south fea company \ andfor raifmg a fum of money to pay off fuch debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffton oj v parliament; and to limit times for prof editions upon bondsfor exporting cards and dice, as limits the period within which bonds given upon the exportation of cards or dice mud be put in fuit and profited, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

Cards or dice JX. And be it further enacted. That all playing cards and dice trar01to^this* mac*e ^ ^or or u^e *n Great Britain, which (hall be exported aX or reland-contrary t0 this a<^> or which (hall be relanded" after entry cd after entry thereof for exportation, or which, after fuch entry for exporfe-for exporta- rion, (hall be found in any place, not being an entered place for tion, or found fna|dng of the fame, or which (hall be-found removing from teredplacefor place to place in Great Britain, without being (lamped or marked removing as aforefaid, except for the purpofe of exporting.the fame under without being the regulations of this aft, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may foVex^orta^	hy	any	°®cer	or	officers	of the cuftoms or excife, and

tionC3fhall be may proceeded upon to condemnation as any noo-enuinerated goods forfeited a^d feized may be proceeded upon by the law* now in force in relation to his Majefty’s revenue of cuftoms or excife refpeftively, as the cafe may be.	*

X.	And be it further enacted. That no playing cards or dice (hall be fold or expofed to fale in any place in Great Britain unlefs the fame (hall have been refpeftively duly, (lamped or and the wrap- marked, and unlefs one of the cards of each pack of fuch cards perfaftened (frail, at the time of fuch felling or expofmg to fale, be aftually damped or marked on the fpotted or painted fide thereof, with fuch mark or marks as the commiffioners for the time being appointed to manage the faid (lamp duties (hall direft: or eppoiof, as the proper damp or mark for playing cards,* and unlefs the thread or paper, or wrapper indofing fuchords or dice refpec-tively, (hall be fealea, (lamped, marked, or faftened according to the laws now in force and the provifiom of this aft, upon

,	•	paw

forfeited.'

No cards or dice to be fold unlefs duly ftampt

according to law, upon penalty of 'their forfeiture and xol.

r8oi.J Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III, c. 86.

>ain that every perfon or perfons who fhali fell, or expofeto fale, tny fuch cards or dice which (hall not have been fo refpedively narked or ftampedj and fo refpedivciy wrapped, inclofed, or aliened, as hereby and by the faid laws now in force is and are efpe&ively required, (hall forfeit for every pack or parcel of uch cards, and.every one of fuch dice fo fold or expofed to fale, he fum of ten pounds, with full cofts of fuit, to be recovered md diftributed as any penalty impofed by any of the faid laws low in force relating to the former duties on cards and dice are to be recovered and diftributed.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That the provifion in an ad ProviTion ra of parliament palled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his Geo. *. c. late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for granting jhouldVot to his Majtfty a duty upon licences for retailing beer, ale, and other extend to excifeable liquors; and for ejlablifhing a methodfor granting fuch //- charge ary eences in Scotland ; and for allowing fuch licences to be granted at d hcence for petty fcjjfon in England, in a certain cafe therein mentioned, whereby houfes^witMn h is enaded, that nothing in the (aid act (hould extend, or be certain limits, conftrued to extend, to charee any licence for keeping any ale- (hall, from houfe, tipling-houfe, vidualling-houfe, or place for the fale of Nov. i, i8oit ale, beer, and other excifeable liquors by retail, fituated upon or andthere^ * near the King’s military road or roads made or to be made in after no that part of Great Britain called Scotland, at the publick charge, perfon (hall and not being within any royal burgh, nor within the burghs of J^P alfe-Dumblain, Muthil, Grief Dunkeld, or within one mile of any of unlcftannual-the faid royal burghs or burgh, with any duty thereby <}ireded iy licenfed„ • * to be paid, levied, or received; and that all (uch licences (hould be granted by the juftices of the peace of the refpedive (hires and ftewartries where fuch roads lie, on payment of one (hilling for each licence to the clerk of the peace of the (hire or ftewartry for bis trouble only, (hall, from and after the^firft day of Novem-her one thoufand eight hundred and one,- be, and the fame is hereby'repealed \ and ihat from and after the faid first day of vernier one thoufand eight hundred and one, no perfon whatever (hall keep any afe-houfe, tipling-houfe, or vidualling-houfe, or fell ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail, but fuch perfons only who (hall be annually thereto admitted, allowed, and licenfed according to the tliredions of the feverai ads in foVce at and itnunediately before the palling of this ,ad; any thing in the aforefaid ad of parliament patted in the twenty-ninth year of the reign ofbis late Mfcjefty to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII,	And whereas it is expedient that the provijions of an aft 35 Geo 3. faffed m the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prtfent Majejly, inti- c*I<3' rccUC“* tuled. An ad for the riiore effedual prevention of felling ale and other liquors by perfons not duly licenfed, fhosdd be extended to Scotland 5 be it further enaded, That, from and after the faid From Nov. v first day of November one thoufand eight hundred and one, every perfons Jflrfon in Scotlandwho (hall keep an afe-hoqfe, tipling-houfe, of retail vi&ualiing-houfe, or (hall fell ale, beer, or other excifeable jn Scotland liquors by retail, except in fairs, without being licenfed thereto (except in

according to the direftions of the feverai ads. now in force- J[hall *air8) with-

out licence DC liable to pi

2$2 Anno regni quadragcfimo primo Georgii III, c. 86. [1801,

nalty of aol. he liable to the penalty of twenty pounds of Jawful money of (*reat Britain; which penalty and forfeiture fhall be recovered and applied as by the faid a& is directed; and that all other the claufes, powers, provifions, penalties* forfeitures, incapacities, and other matters and things prefcribed ip the faid aft, with re* fpeft to England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, Ih^ll extend to Scotland'in like manner, and be applied and put in pradlice in Scotland as if the faid aft had been exprefsly extended thereto.

XIII.	And whereai it is expedient that licences to keep ale-boufcs, tipling• houfes, or viftualling-houfes, or to fril ale, beer, or other tx-cijeable liquors by retail in Scotland, jhould be granted on or immedi-may be grant- Qtely after the fifteenth day of May in each year, as well as at thg ed on or iin-u period ^ now Jixt by law for granting fuch licences; be it therefore i enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the juftjees of the peace, ma-as they are1or other perfons empowered by any law, or aft orach now by law now in force, to grant licences to keep ale-houfes, tiphng-houfes, granted on or or vidtualling-houfes, or to fell ale, beer, or other excifeabls x> liquors by retail in Scotland, to grant fuch licences on. or imme->e**r y* diately after the fifteenth day of May iaeach year, in like manner and with all fuch and the like powers, and under and fubjedt to the like regulations, provifions, penalties and forfeitures as fuch licences are now by law granted, on or immediately -after the first day of November in each year.; and all and every the claufes, powers, provifions, regulations, penalties; forfeitures, matters, and things in any aft or aft* contained now in force, relating to the granting any fuch licence in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, at^the period.in each year at which the fame may now be granted by law, {hall extend to, and be in full force in relation to the granting fuch licences.at the period in each year in this aft mentioned, and (hall be applied and enforced, and put in pra&ice in like, manner in every refpe6t for that purpofe, as if all fuch claufes, .powers, provifoes, regula-tions, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things were feverally and feparatcly re-ena&ed in, and made part of this aft; any thing in any3 ft or adts to the contrary thereof notwit branding. &(fCmade on -XIV. And whereas the commijfioners of bis Majejiy s Jlamp duties ftamp8 as re- may not aWe fuPPb *'7e different parts of the kingdom with fujfi-quired by dent quantities of vellum, parchment, and paper, (lamped with the law, on or additional duties granted by an aft of the prefent fejfton of parliament, ^C^So/Uma an^ t^5 UP°n indenturi5'i leafes, bonds, or other deeds, for which bftftampt wtth a famP duty of three fhillings is chargeable by an aft paffed in the the additional thirty-feventh year of his prefent Majejiy, before the period appointed duty granted for the commencement of the faid duties: and whereas perfons may th*C(	theretofore neceffarily ufe injlruments before fuch period; be it further

and this^'d, cnadled. That it {hall be lawful for any perftmv or .perfons who pn payment {hall, at any time before the fifth day qf December one t bon (and thereof before eight hundred and one, ufe any vellum, parchment, or p$per, on Pec. jf, i$oi. which fuch additional duty is impofed, and which (hall he duly damped in the manner required by the laws in force, on and immediately before the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and one, to^bring or fend the fame to the faid head office,

at

ru dti iu

extend to Scotland.

licences to iell ale, See. by retail in

Cr»Atl 'I 11

8oi.] Anno cegni quadragefinio primo OfiOROii III. c.86;

it any time before the faid fifth day of December one thoufand right hundred and one, in order that the fame may be ftamped is aforefaid, on payment of the additional duty granted^ by the aid act of this feffion of parliament and this ad ; and it fhall be awful for the faid comnrfiffifmers of (lamp duties, or their officers ippointed. for fuch purpofe, to ftampf the fame, on payment of :he faid additional-duties only, without any penalty.

XV.	And whereas it is expedient, that further tim$ Jhould be given Leafea of

for the Jlamping, withoui the payment of any penalty, certain leafes

lands or tenements of fmatt value, for a term not exceeding twenty- for a term

one year5^ which by law may form, or be intended to form, a part of riot exceed-

any conveyance of lands or tenements, whereby a greater interejl in the ing years,

fame Jhould be conveyed than a term of twenty-one years, whatever	,

may be the Value thereof; be it therefore enadted, That it (hall be a°coDveyatice

lawful for the faid commiffioners, and they are hereby authorifed, of lands,

upon the produ&ion of any fuch deed as aforefaid that (hall whereby a

have been executed at any time before the paffing of this a to

the faid commiffioners or any one of them for the purpofe of conveyed

being ftamped at any time within twelve months from the paffing than 21 years,

of tliis adb, to caufe fuch deed to be ftamped upon payment of may beftatnpt

the duty granted thereon, without any penalty whatever; and Wlth™ 11 J p	,	~	J	r. •	7	.	.	months on

every perfoti concerned in mgroffing, writing, or printing, any p,yment 0f

fuch deed, or in making or executing the fame, (hall be; and is the duty,

hereby freed, difcharged, and indemnified from all penalties and without any"

forfeitures that (hall have arifen or may arife in rcfpedt of fuch PenaltX-

deed.

XVI.	And be it further enadied, That if any perfon fhall ^rf^ng01111*" counterfeit or forge, or caufe or procure to be counterfeited or ftamps, &c. forged, any ftamp, directed or allowed to be ufed by this adl, or ftiall fuffer provided, made, or ufed, for the purpofe of denoting the duties 'death. , by this adk granted as aforefaid, or any of them, or fhall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the faid duties, or fhall utier, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to any ftamp duty by this a& impofed, with fuch counterfeit ftamp or mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit, or fhall privately ufe any ftamp, directed or. allowed to be ufed by this adt, with intent to defraud his Majefty of the faid duties, or fhall counterfeit or forge, or caufe to be conter-fcitcd or forged, any mark or name provided by the faid corn-miffioners under this adt, for the wrapping or inJofing any dice, or making any part of, Qr being affixed to any fuch wrapper, then every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidted,

(hall be adjudged a felon, and fhall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That all powers, provifions, Powers of * rules, methods, articles, ciaufes, penalties, and forfeitures, diftri- fo^rdatteK butions of penalties and forfeitures, and all other mayters and to ftamp du* tilings prefcribed or appointed by any adt or adts of parliament ties to extend in force at ^nd immediately before the paffing of this a<ft, relating *° additional, to the ftamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (and notdutlc8#'

hereby

*54 Anno rcgni quadragefimo primp Georoii III. c. 86. [1801.

hereby altered, (hall, as far as the fame are refpe&ively applicable) be of full force and effedl with relation to the additional and other duties herein-before mentioned, and (hall be applied and put in execution for the raifing, levying, coile&ing, and securing the faid additional and other duties, according to the true intent and meaning, of this a£t, as fully to all intents and purpofesasif the fame had feverally and refpedlively been hereby re-ena&ed Duties to be with relation to the faid additional and other duties, paid to the XVIII. And be it further enacted. That the duties herein-

receiver j?e- ^eforc granted, (hall be paid from time to time ioto the hands of

neral ot ftamp Vw__________L.J	k-™	~r.iv-	— A_____x

duticS) and by him into the eiche-'

confolidated fund.

Application of duties.

the receiver general for the time being, of the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, who {hall pay the fame (the ne-ceflary charges of raifing, paying, and accounting for the fame carHed^o the	deductedJ	into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at

tVeftminfler, at fucli time, and in fuch manner, as the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are dirc&ed to be paid ; and the faid money fo paid into the Igid ^receipt as aforefaid, (hall be carried to, and made part of the confolidated fund of Great Britain,

XIX.	Provided always, and be. it further ena&ed, That the monies arifing, or to arife, of the feveral rates or duties hereby granted as afore faid, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficien^ Ifaall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpofe of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan made, or ftock created or to be created by virtue of any adt or ads paffed or to be pafled in this feflion of parliament; and that the laid monies (hall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt, difiindtly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties paid into the faid receipt, (hall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this feflion of parliament, for the purpofe of defraying fuch increafed charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon any account whatever*

XX.	And be it further ena<3:ed. That if any afiion or fiiit (hall be brought or comipenced againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, then and in evey fuch cafe, the faid action or fuit (hall be commenced within fix calendar months after the fadt committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be brought in the county or place where thecaufeot a&ion (hall arife, and not elfejyhere; and that the defendant or defendants in fuch action or fuit to be brought, may plead the

General ifliie. general ifliie, and give this a£ and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be bad thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this a<St; and if it {frail appear to be fo done, or if any fuch a&ion or fuit (hall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall 1* brought in any other county, city, or place than as aforefaid, then,* and

%	.in

Limitation of actions.

n ev ery caie, tne jury mail nna ror rne aerenaant or defendants y

ind if upon fuch verdi<!ft, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (ball be-

:ome noniuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their aftion, or if a

rerdidt (hall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or upon

lemurrer, judgement fhall be given againff the plaintiff orptain-

:iffs, the defendant or defendant's (hall and may recover treble Treble celts.

:oft$, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant

or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in other cafes bylaw.

XXI.	And be it further enadted, That the feveral rates and duties hereby granted, (hall refpedtively commence and take effed ^ “ 0 tt~ as follows; (that is to fay), the faid duties on indentures, leafes, bonds, and other deeds, and the faid duties on licences for felling ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and one, the faid duties oil playing cards and dice, from and after the first day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and one, and the faid duties on probates of wills and letters of adminiftration*, from and after the tenth day of October one thoufand eight hundred and one.

CAP. LXXXVIT.

An act for granting to his Majefty certain duties on playing cardt imported into Great Britain.—[July 2, l8or.j

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjofts, the Preamble* commons of the1 united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament affembled, towards railing the  necessary fuppiies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral duties of cuftoms after mentioned j and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it ipay be ena&ed ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and With $he advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the After Aug. fame, That, from and after the first day of Augujl one thoufand the eight hundred and one, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Great Britain, unto his Majefty, his heirs and of cuftoms fucceffors, in ready money, without any (jikount whatever, jhall be paid upon the importation into that part of the united kingdom of on P^a.y,nS Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, the feveral du-ties of cuftoms following; that is to fay,	.	GreatBr

For and upon every dozen packs of playing cards imported Dutiel into Great Britain (except from Ireland), an additional -duty of one pound and one (hilling;

For and upon every pack of playing cards imported into Grtat Britain from Ireland, an additional duty of -ffxpence.

II.	And

246 Anno regni qnadragdimo primo Georgii 111. c. 87. [i8ot.

Duties to be II. And be it further enacted, That fuch of the duties of . tinder the cuftoms by this aft impofed, as (hall arife in that part of Great of^he^cora0 Britain called England, (hall be under the management of the miffionersof commiflioners of the cuftoms in England for the time beings cuftoms. and fuch as (hall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scot* land, (hall be under the management of the commiffionsrs of the cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

Duties to be	And ^ it further enacted, That the feveral duties of

former^duties cu^oms granted by this aft, (hail and may be refpeftively rraa-granted by. naged, ascertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, and 27 Geo. 3. recovered, in fuch and the like manner, and in and by any and c. 13, &c. either of the ways, means, or methods, by which the duties of cuftoms impofed on the like goods by an aft palled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majeffy, among# other things, for repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and Ofccife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, were or might . be managed, a feet tai ned, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, and recovered, except as far as the fame have been altered by any aft palled fubfequent to the palling of the faid aft*, and the faid goods, wares, or merchandize, fo by this aft refpec-tively made chargeable with duties of cuftoms, (hall be, and the x	fame are hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every the con-

ditions, regulations, rules, reftriftions, and forfeitures to which the like goods, wares, or merchandize, were fubjeft and liable by any aft or afts of parliament in force on or immediately before the first day of Augujl one thoufapd eight hundred and one, and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed againlt or in breach of any aft or afts of parliament in force on and immediately before the paffing of this aft, made for securing the revenue of cuftoms, or for the # regulation or improvement thereof, or relating thereto^ and the feveral claufes, powers, and direftions therein cbntained, IhaJl and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpeftively applied, praftifed, and put in execution, for and in refpeft of the feveral duties of cuftoms hereby refpeftively charged, as far as the fame are applicable thereto, in as full and >ampie a manner, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid claufes, provifions, powers, direftions, fines, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and ,	re-enafted	in the body of this prefent aft.

^Tinto^he	And lt ^urt^er ena<^e<^> That all monies from time to

exchequer, C t*me ar,^ng ky the feveral duties by this aft impofed, (the ne-and carried to ceflary charges of raifiogand accounting for tbe fame excepted), the confoli- (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s dated fund, exchequer at Wejlminjler$ and the faid money fo paid in as afore-faid (hall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of Great Britain.

monies^0”Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the 1 8‘ monies to arife as aforefaid, or fo much thereof as (hall be fuffi-cient, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpofe of defraying the increafed charge octafioned by any loan

made

1801.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c, 88. *37 nade or ftock created by virtue of any a St or a Sts pafled or to b?

>afled in this feffion of parliament, and that the faid monies, luring the fpace of ten years next enfuing, (hall continue to be raid into the faid receipt of his Majefty's exchequer, diftipSfy nd apart from all other branches of the publick revenue $ and hat there fhall be provided and kept in the office of tfie auditor >f the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or >ooks, in which all the monies arifing froorthe faid duties, and >aid into the faid receipt by virtue of this ad, (hall, together vith the monies arifing from any other duties granted in this effion of parliament, for the pqrpofe of defraying fuch increased :harge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other nonies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, jpon any account whatever, v

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An aEl for providing accommodations in ajjize towns for the judges in Ireland, where fuch accommodations are not already provided\

[July 2, 1801.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the com^prfflr^^< moos of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament aflembled, having taken into confideration the expediency of providing accommodations in all fuch cities and towns in Ireland\ in which affizes and commifiioqs of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery are held, where fuch accommodations are not already fufficienrly provided for the judges of affize who (hall be appointed tp.fiojd the affizes in the feveral counties, counties of cities, and coupties of towns, within their refpedtiye circuits throughout Ireland, and for their fervants, fiorfes, and carriages, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it paay be enabled $ and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent pf the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ^flembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral fherifis in The therifis Ireland, in' their refpeftive counties, (hall, at every affizes and inlre)andihafi| gaol delivery in fuch towns where the fame fhall be held, and ** CVC17 ^ where fqch accommodations are not already and (hall pot con- f^bCac* ' tinue to be fufticiently provided, provide fufficient and fuitable commoda-furniftied apartments for the lodging and accommodation of the tions for the judges of affize, and of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, and their refjfeflive fervants, and ftables for their horfes, and coach-	•

boufes or other fit places for their carriages, during the con- thereof, tinuance of fuch affize?, jnd (hall pay and difeharge sill e$pepces ^tending the fame,

II. And be it ena&ed, That filch lheriffs refpedttvejy (hall, at Judges to ex. the end of every affizes or gaol delivery, make out an account of 1 the expence which fhall be incurred by the means aforefaid, and Count of fuch the feveral judges of aflize and gaol delivery refpe&ively are expences be-YpI, £L1I1,	$	hereby	fore payment*

i

*5$ Annb regni quadragefimo primo Geougii III. c. #9. £1801.

hereby required to examine into the fame, and to certify thereon the amount of the expences which fuch fheriff ought reasonably to pay in refpetf of the matters aforefaid. to^^chargc	And	en3(^ec^ That fuch fums as (hall have been f.i

on the confo- certified (hall be a charge on the confolidated fund of Ireland lidated fund and (ball be paid to the refpe£Hve fberiffs thereout, and upon of Ireland, prcdu&ion to the commiflioners for the tin\e being, for exe-exceedVoI at cu*nS l^e office of ^ord high treafurer of Ireland of fuch certifc-one affizc. * cates as aforefaid, fuch fums fhall be ifiued and paid by virtue of this ad to the feveral fheriffs who, by fuch certificates, fhall appear to be entitled thereto refpedivcly, without any further warrant on that behalf: provided always, That no greater fum than twenty pounds fhall be allowed or paid for fuch expeace* as aforefaid, at one affize or gaol delivery.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An all for repealing the duty now payable on the importation ef Jlatues, tirrought ft one > and marble, and granting another duij in lieu thereof—[July 2, 1801.]

Preamble. TT THERE AS fciilptured marble and Jlatuary is now fnbjed i: V V a duty of cujloms granted by an eft pqffed in the twenty a 7 Gdo. 3.	feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled,, An act

c* X3#	for repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and grant-

ing other duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties compofing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufadure of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom 5 and for applying certain unclaimed monies remaining in the exchequer, for (he payment of annuities on lives, to the redudion of the national debt, on non-enumerated goods> wares, and mercldandizes% according to the value‘thereof: and whereas great difficulty often arifes is afeertaining the value of fuch articles; for remedy wheteof, be it f	therefore enaded by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and

Inftead of the with the advice and content of tjie lords fpjritu'al and temporal, duty ofcut- and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and bv the * imder*Si?re- aut^0l‘ity pf the, fame, That, frpm and after pafling of this sd, cited a£t, the duty, of cuftoms now payable under tjhe provifio’ns of the faiJ there (hall be ad, on fciilptured marble and ftatuary, as'-non^enumerated P	goods, wares, and merchandizes, flaal! toh.ofty ceafe *nd deter-

maiKehn- mine, aridlhafiii lieu and infteaci thereof there fftalf'be raifed, ported into levied, and paid .upon all fculptuced* marble pr ftatuary imported Great Britain, into Great Britain, from foreign sports, a duty of cuftoms ot 3d. per lb.; threepence 'per.,pound avoirdupois for every |pound weight of ftatue a&c. anV Sculptured nlarble and ftatuary : provided always, That ftiali exceed if any ftatue, group of figures, or other ftonq or marble orna-one ton, the ment carved out of the’fame biloqk, fhall exceed one ton weight, ' fo^on’6 t'ie c^u**v t0 c^ar£cd ^ereoh fhall be eftim^ed at tbeiatc fo^nly,.°n€ payable for one ton weighty and no more.

' • II, And

i8gi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c.'90, 2^9

II.	And be it further enafied, That fuch 6f the duties by this Duties to be act impofed, as fliall arife in that part of Great Britain called England, (hall be under the management of the commiflioners t*be

of the cuftoms in England for the time being, *and fuch as (hall lioners of arife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ fhall be under cuftojns. the management of the commiflioners qf the cqftpms jn Scotland for the time being.

III.	And be it fqrther enabled, That the duty granted by Duties to bg this aft (hair and may be managed, afeertained, railed* levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, and recovered, in fuch and the like l^jer the r«T manner, and in and by any and either of the ways, means, or eked &&, ' methods by which the duties of cuftoms impofed on the like *7 Geo. 3.

g ods by an aft pafled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign c* of his prefen t Majefty, amongft other things, for repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, were or might be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, and recovered, except as far as the fame have been altered by any aft pafled fubfequent tq the palling of the faid aft 5 and. the faid goods, wares, or merchandize, fo by this aft made chargeable with a duty, (hall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftriftions, and forfeitures, to which, the like goods, wares, or merchandize, were fubjeft and liablfe by any aft or afts of parliament in force on and jjn* mediately before the palling of this aft, and all and every pain, ..	*

penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed ' againft or in breach of any aft or afts of parliament in force on. , , . and immediately before the palling of this aft, made fpr fepuring * the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, or relating thereto, and the feveral claufes* powers, and direftions therein contained, (hall and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpeftively applied, praftifed, apd put in execution, for and in refpeft of the duty hereby charged (a$ far as the fame are applicable thereto), in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid claufes, provifions, powers, direftions, fines, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeatecj . and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That all monies from time to Monies to be time arifing by the duty by thjs aft impofed, (the neceflary paidintothe charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted), (hallc£riS to from time to time be paid into thg receipt of bis Majefty’s ex- the confoli-cheqqer at Wejlminjler; and the faid money fo paid in as afore- dated fund, faid, (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated'fund " of Gfftit Britain.	j

CAP. XC.

An qR for the more fpeedy and effectual recovery of debts due to his Mojtjly* his heirs ahd fucceffors^ in right of the crown of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ; and for the better tjdmini/iratjon of jujlife within the	2,	1801.]

! ?	•	F9&

260 Anno regni quadragefuno primoGEORGii III. c. 90. [i8ai,

Preamble.	XT'OR the more fpeedy and effectual recovery of debts due to hh

JL* Majejly, bis heirs and fuccefforsy in right Of the imperial crown of this realniy and for the better adminijlration of jujlice within the be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by

ame:

When, upon any account declared or recorded in the court of exchequer in

be due to his Majefty; a copy of fuch account, See. (hall, on application, be exemplified and tranfmit-ted to the exchequer court in Ire

and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,. That, from and after the paiung of this a&, in all cafes where, upon any account duly audited, declared, or recorded in his Majefty’s court of exchequer in that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or upon any judgement or decree of the fame court of England, or exchequer, any debt or duty Hull be due to his Majefty, his of that8coiut heirs a,1<* fucceflfors, a copy of fuch declared account, judgement, any debt ftxali or decree, (hall, upon application to the faid court, made on behalf of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, be forthwith exemplified and tranhnitteJ, under the feal of the faid court cf exchequer, to lijs Majefty’s court of exchequer in that part of the faid united kingdom called Ireland; which faid laft mentioned court (hall, upon the faid copy fo exemplified being laid before them, forthwith caufe the fame to be inrolied in the rolls of the faid court of exchequer in Ireland \\nd upon the fame being fo inrolied, the faid court (hall caufe procefs to iflue hi levying and recovering the debt due on fuch declared account, !?nin?’ere** or for which fuch judgement or decree (hall have been foob-roHed and *ained, as well againft the perfon of the debtor upon fuch de-procefs ifiTued clared account, or againft whom fuch judgement or decree (hall againft the have been fo obtaine >, as againft his real and perfonal eftatq ^t0ffSA°^^ltuatc> lying, and being in that part of the united kingdom an effe s ca|ie(j Ireland\ as fully and effeftually to all intents and purpofes as by the courfe and pra&ice of his Majefty’s court of exchequer in that part of the faid united kingdom called Englani is or may be now awarded and iffued by the fame court.

II. And' be it further enadt.ed. That the fheriff or other proper officer to whom fuch procefs (hall be fo diredhed, (hall be compelled to account to the faid court of exchequer for the due execution of fuch procefs; and the chancellor and barons of the faid court (hall take care that all monies levied by virtue of fuch procefs (hall be duly paid into the receipt of the exchequers Ireland, and the lord high treafurer of Ireland, or lprds com-exchequer miflioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer therein, ia England, (hall, fo foon as conveniently may be, caufe the fame fo he remitted and paid into the receipt of the exchequer, in that part of the unitedkingdom called England. per'wherein	And	!t ^urt^r enabled, That, from and after the pafT-

any*fbchde* *nS °f r^s	th€	cafes	where,	upon	any	fuch	declared

clared ac- account duly recorded in his Majefty’s court of exchequer in count record- that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain called Irelaniy court^of ex- or u‘>on 3n^ judgement or decree obtained in the faid court of chequer in " exchequer in M/W, any debt (hall be due to his Majefty, bis Ireland, or on heirs and fecccCbrs, a copy of fuch declared account, judge-judgement .. menc, or decree, (hall, upon application tq tU^faid pqurf mate

there.

Sheriff to account for the due execution 6f the procefs; and the debt, when recovered, to be 'remitted to

lOUi.J .TXIJIJIJ ICglJl LJU<*Ul<l£ClllilU pillIJU UbUKU 1 I 1J

on b£ha!f of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflofs, bfc ffirth exemplified and tranfmitted under rhe feal of the faitl cou exchequer to his Majefty’s court of exchequer in that pa Great Britain called England \ which faid laft mentioned c (hall* upon the faid copy fo exemplified being laid befbre tl forthwith caufe the fame to be enrolled in the rolls of the court of exchequer in England, and upon the fame bein; enrolled, the (aid court (ball caufe procefs to iffue for lev and recovering the debt due upon fuch declared account, oir which fuch judgement or decree (hail have been fo obtained well againft the perfon of the debtor againft whom jurlgeme: decree (hall have been fo obtained, as againft fiis real and fonal eftate, (jtuate, lying, and being in that part of the u kingdom called England'9 as fully and effedluaily, to all ini and purpofes, as by the ufage and pradtice of his May court of exchequer in that part of the faid united kingdom c; Ireland, is or may be now awarded and iflued by the faid cot

IV« And be it further enadted, That the (herifF or : proper officer to whom fuch procefs (hall be fo dire&ed, be compelled to account to the faid Court of exchequer fc i due execution of fuch procefs, and the chancellor and baro i the faid court (hall take care that alt monies levied by viri i fuch procefs (hall be duly paid into the receipt of the exchi in England\ and the lord high treafurer of England, or I commiflioners for executing the office of lord high tre; i therein, (hall, fo foon as conveniently may be, caufe the i to be remitted and paid into the receipt of the exchequer c part of the united kingdom called Ireland.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafes where, i i fuit between party and party, or in any matter or proceedi j petition in cafes of minors, bankrupts, idiots, or lunaticks decree (hall be pronounced, or any order made for paymi for accounting for money, by the high court of chancery i part of the united kingdom called England^ the lord cham ! lord keeper, or lords commiflioners for the cuftody of the j feal of England\ for the time being refpediively, (hall, up< i plication made to him or them refpediively, caufe a copy c order or decree to be exemplified and certified to the c< ; chancery in that part of the united kingdom called Irelan der the great feal of Englmd\ and the lord chancellor keeper, or lords commiflioners for the cuftody of the gre t of Ireland, (hall forthwith caufe fuch order cr decree, v < (hall be prefented to them refpeflively fo exemplified, to rolled in the rolls of the high court of chancery in Irelan (hall caufe procefs of attachment and committal to iffuc ? ; the perfon of the party againft whom fuch order or deert have beeri made refpedlively, in order to enforce obedi< i and performance of the fame) a& fully atid effedluaily, to tents and purpofes, as if fuch order or decree had been ori pronounced in the faid court of chancery in Ireland; and and may be lawful to and for the lord chancellor, lord

*3



Annoregniquadrageiimoprimo Georgii ttl. c. $©. [lSot.

or lords commiffioners of (he great fep.1 of Ireland fox the time being, from time to time, to make orders upon petition as the occafion may require for payment of money levied under fuch procefs as aforefaid, into the bank of Ireland\ with the-privity bf the accountant general of the faid court, to the credit, and . for the benefit of the.party who (halthave obtained fuch order or decree; and the governor and company of the bank of Ire land are hereby authorifed and required to receive and hold all Fuch monies, fubject to the orders of the faid court of chancery: provided always, That no fuch monies (hall be charged with, or fubjeft to poundage for the uflier of the faid court of chancery in Ireland* when the fame (hall be paid out by order of the faid court*

and where VI. And be it further enadlcd, That in all cafes where, in (hall be^made anJ ^ between party and party, any decree fhall be pronounced, by the court or anY or^cr made for payment of, or for accounting for money, of chancery by the high court of chancery in that part of the united king-in Ireland, a dom called Ireland, the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords ihallbe certi- comm'®cmers the cuftody of the great feal of Ireland for the tied to the " thne being refpe&ively, (ball, upon application made to him or court of •* them refpe&ively, caufe a copy of fuch order or decree to be chancery in exemplified and certified to the court of chancery in that part of Where^fhall f^e un‘te<* kingdom called England* under the great feal of Ire be inrolled, lcmd\ and the lord chancellor, lord keeper*.or lords commiffion* ahd procefs tts for tbfe cuftody of the great feal of England (hall forthwith (hall oe iffued caufe fqch order or decree, when it (hall be prefented to them bbedioice refpe&ively fo exemplified, to be enrolled in the rolls of the * high court of chancery in England, and (hall caufe procefs of attachment and committal to iflue againft the perfon of the party againft whom fuch order or decree (hall have been made refpe&vvely, in order to enforce obedience to and performance % of fhe fame, as fully and effe&ually* to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch Order br decree had been originally pronounced in the faid court of chancery in England j and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or Jords com-mifiionets of the great feal of England for the time being, from time tp time, to make orders upon petition, as the occafion may require, for payment of money levied under fuch procefs as aforefaid, into the bank of England, with the privity of the accountant general of the faid court, to the credit and for the benefit of the party who (hall have obtained fuch order or de-^ cree * and the governor and company of the bank of Engkni are hereby authorifed and required to receive and hold all fuch monies, fubje& to the orders of the faid court of chancery: provided always, That no fuch monies (hall be charged with or fubjedt to poundage, when the fame (hall be paid out by order of the faid court*.

brders for payment of money, made by the court of exchequer England,

VII. And be it further enaded. That in all c&fes where any fuit between party and party, any decree (hall be pronounced-, or. any order made for payment, or for accounting for money, by the. barons of his M^jefty’s court of exchequer, in that part

of

*8oi.] Anno rcgni qdadragefimoprlmo GeorgIi III. c. 90. 263

yf Great Britain called England., the lord chief baron, or any (hall, on ap-5Kie of the barons.of the faid court for the. time being, (ball, upon certtfieeTto^ Application made to them refpeftively, caufe a copy of fuch order the court of

S decree to be exemplified and certified to the barons of his exchequer in ajefty’s court of exchequer m that part of the united kingdom Ireland, where palled Ireland, under the feal of the faid court of exchequer of jnrollecT^and England 1 and the barons of the faid court of exchequer in Ire- procefs iffued bind fhall forthwith caufe fuch order or decree* when it. (hall be to enforce prefented to them fo exemplified, to be inrolled in the rolls of obedience, the court of exchequer in Ireland, and (hall caufe procefs of at- &c*5 tachment and committal to iffue againft the perfon of the party againft whom fuch order or decree (hall have been made refpec-tivcly, in order to enforce obedience to, and peiformance of the fame, as fully and effe&ualiy, to all intents and purpofes* as if fuch order or decree had been originally pronounced in the faid court of exchequer in Ireland: and it (hall and may be lawful to, and for the barons of the court of exchequer in Ireland foe the time being, from time to time, to make orders upon petition, as the occafion may require, for payment of money levied under fuch procefs as aforefaid} into the bank of Ireland, in tfis	'

name of the deputy remembrancer of the faid court, in truft for the benefit of the party who (frail have obtained fuch order or decree: and the governor ajid company of the bank bf Ireland are hereby authorifed and required to receive and hold all fuch pionies fubjeCt to the orders of tne faid court of exchequer i provided always* That no fuch monies fhall be charged with or fubjed to poundage, when the fame (hall be paid out by older of the faid court,

VIII.	And be it further ena&fed, That in all cafes where, in an^or^l_ any fuit between party and party, any decree (hall be pronounced, rfex? or any order made for payment, or for accounting for money, chequer in by the barons of his Majefty’S court of exchequer in that part of Ireland, (hall, the united kingdom called Ireland, the lord chief baron, or any qn applica-one of the barons of the faid court for the time being, (hall, ^ the* upon application made to them refpe&iyely, caufe a copy of fuch court of exorder or decree to be exemplified arid certified to the barons of chequer in his Majefty’s court of exchequer in that part of the united king- England, dom called England, under the feal of the faid court of exche- J^alfbe quer in Ireland5 and the barons of the faid court of exchequer roned, and in England, (hall forthwith caufe fuch order or decree, when it procefs iffued (hall be prefented to them fo exemplified, to be inrolled in the to enforce rolls of the court of exchequer in England, and (hall caufe pro- °hedielice,&c. cefs of attachment and committal to iffue againft the perfon of the party againft whom fuch order or decree (hall have been made refpeCtively, in order to enforce obedience to, and performance of the fame, as fully and effectually* to all iiitefnts and purpofes, as if filch order or decree had been originally pronounced in the faid court of exchequer in England; and it (hall and may be lawful to arid for the barons of the court of exchequer in England, for the time being, from time to time, to make orders upon petition as the occafion may require, for payment

•4	tf	.

*54 Anno regni quadragefimo prime Georgij til. c. 91. [t8ot.

of money levied under fuch procefs as aforefsid into the bank o{ England^ in the name of the deputy remembrancer of the faid court, in truft for the benefit of the party who (hall have obtained fuch order or decree, and the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorifed and required to receive and hold all fuch monies, fubjed to the orders of the faid court of exchequer: provided always. That no fuch moiiies fhall be charged with or lubjed to poundage, when the fame (hall be ‘	paid out by order of the faid court.

IX.	And, for the better and more effeSlual proof of the ftatuie law of the kingdoms of Great Britain ahd Ireland, and ^“England and Ireland, previous to the union of the faid kingdoms, in all courts ,	of civil and criminal jurifdiftion in every part of the faid united

6TEn hmd kingdom j be it enaded, That the copy of the ftatutes of the and of Great kingdom of Englandand of the kingdom of Great Britain fince Britain, the union with Scotland\ printed and publifhed by the printer printed and duly authorifed to print and publifh the fame by his Majefty* or the^rinUr^ ^7 any	ro7al	predeceflbrsj fhall be received as conclude

dul/autbo- Evidence of the feveral ftatutes made and enaded prior to the rifed by his Union of the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland) by the par-Majelty, (hall liaments of England and Great Britain refpedively, in all fuits, ^idSfce^in118 ?^‘ons> or profecutions refpedively* commenced, inftituted, or any coUrt iii carried on* or to be commenced, inftituted, or carried on in Ireland, ahd any coiirt of civil or criminal jurifdidion, in that part of the the ftatutes of united kingdom calledIreland) and in like manner the copy of io^^umon r ^atutcs kingdom pf Ireland, made and enaded by the fo printedand parliaro^tit of the fame, prior to the union of the kingdoms of putli(hed,4 Great Britain and Ireland, and printed and publi(hed by the mall be evi- printer, duly authorifed by his Majefty* or any of his royal Irouri i^ a”y predeceflors, to print and publifh the fame, (hall be received ai ’Great Britain. c°nclufivfe evidence of the feveral ftatutes made and enaded by * *	the parliament of Ireland) prior to the union of the kingdoms

of Great Britain anil Ireland) in all fuits, adions, or profecur tions refpedively, commenced, inftituted, or carried oh, or to Jbe commenced, inftituted, or carried on, in any court of civil pr criminal jurifdidion, in that part pf the united kingdom palled Great Britain.	*’

CAP. XCI.

An oil for the better regulation and colleflipv of certain duties a] exdfe.—[July 2, iSoi.J

Jre^mble. IjTTTHEREAS by the laxVs now in force in Great Britain, j VY every maltjler arid maker of malt is liable to the penalty of five Jhtllings for every bujfhel of corn or grain in the couch) feepei in order to the making thereof into malt, and found in the mat: boufe of fuch maltjler) fo hard) clofe, and compafl) as it could not be, unlefs the faYn'e had by forne means or other been forced together to prevent the riftng and [welling thereof : and whereas no means are hitherto provided for the officers of excife to eflablijb) by experiment, jwhether any fuch corn or grain has been in retdityfo forced tap-■' ,	'	-	w	'	'	tber\

Sot.] Ahiio'regni qViddragefimo prime* G'EOR<Jii TH. c. 91. i6£

her; and if if therefore expedient that the power and authority

*rein-after mentioned Jhould he given for the purpfe of making

ch experiment; be it therefore enacted by the King’* moft

ccellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the

rds fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-

ament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it Excife officers

tall and may be lawful to and for any fuperviforrand any other^amfr?mAe

Seer of excife in Great Britain, by thcmfelves, or by any per- couch and lay '

>n or perfons by them employed for that pujrpofe, in the prdence it levelin the

F fuch maltfter, or his, her, Or their fervant, (if ftich maitfter malthoufe,

r fervant (hall think fit to be prefent at fuch operation), tOceedsone**

trow or remove all the corn or grain from or out of afty coUch btilhel in

'htch fuch fupervifor or officer (hall fufpetft to haVe been forced above the

)gether, and to throw and lay th<f fame level in fuch malt- £auFe takc®

oufe; and if any increafe (hall be fourtd in the gaug£ or quantity j®t^coo-

f fuch corn or grain, on the removal and laying the fame level fidered as

s aforefard, exceeding the rate of one buftiel in every twenty forced toge-

rufheJs over and above the quantity which the fame appeared to ther, and the

>e by the previous gauge thereof taken in the couch, then and JJJallfc^feit 5*.

n every fuch cafe proof being made of fuch increafe as aforefaidj j*r fculheL

he fame (hall be deemed conclufive evidence, that fuch maltfter,

nr maker of malt, did tread, ram, or otherwife force together

he faid corn or grain in the couch, or that the fame was fo

lard, clofe, and compaft, as it could not be, unlds the fapie

»ad by fome means or other been forced together to prevent the

ifmg and fwelling thereof, and fuch maltfter, or maker of malt,

hall forfeit and lofe the fum of five (hillings for every buftiel of

uch corn or grain of fuch couch.

II. And whereas the laws in force relating to the duty of exetji mpofed for and in refpeft of bricks made in Great Britain, preferibt \o dimenfions for fuch bricks, and many brick-makers have if lath nade bricks of very unufudlly large fixes, whereby the faid duty is ikeJy to be greatly diminished, and it ts therefore expedient to provide 1 remedy againjl the mifehief which would arife to the revenue, bould the making of bricks of fuch large fixes become general; be it herefore ena&ed, That, from and after tlie fifth day of Augufl After me thoufand eight hundred and one, if any perfon or perfons to exhall make any bricks in Great Britain, which, while drying or <**<1 the di-rardening in the field, Ihed, or other place or places where the mentions ame (hall' be made or prepared after being turned out of the herein men-noulds, and before removed to the kiln or damp for burning, ^oved to** hall be found to exceed any of the following dimenfions $ that is to the kiln, (hall ay, ten inches long, three inches thick, and five inches wide, the be chargeable naker or makers of fuch bricks (hall be, and he and they is and with an addl-ire hereby , made chargeable with, and (hall, over and above all >ther duties now payable on fuch or any other bricks by law,5 * pay an additional duty of five (hillings for every thoufand of fuch >ricks, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of Fucl\ bricks; and the officers of excife are hereby required to stake their charge of duty accordingly 3 which faid additional faty on fuch bricks, exceeding any of the dimenfions aforefaid,

*	fliafi

»&6 Anno regni quadragefimo pritnd GeorguM! £i8oi.

(ball be paid by a^I and every fuch maker and makers, at the refpeftive times, and in the (ame maimer, and under the like rules, regulations, and penalties, as the other duties of excite charged and chargeable by any aft or afts of parliament now in force relating to bricks made in Great Britain are now made chargeable and payable; and the faid additional duty (hall be applied in like manner as the faid duties by law impofed for or in refpeft of bricks made in Great Britain are now by law direfted to be applied.

Ill, find whereat commodities made in imitation of, and intended to be fold and made ufe of at fubftitutes for coffee have of late been found in the cujlody and poffeffion of various dealers in coffee in Great After July 5, Britain, and it is therefore expedient to make fuch provifion as is 1801,any herein-after mentioned, be it therefore enafted. That, from and rta^aMured a^er ^lc fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and one, in Imitation if any commodity manufaftured in imitation of, or to refembie of coffee, or coffee, or to ferve as a fubftitute for coffee, or alledged fo to be, tuftod^of36	for	fale,	or	fold*	or	fhall	be found in the coftody

anv dealer in or poffefiion of any dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of coffee, fhall coffee in Great Britain, the fame fhall be forfeited, together beforfeitdd, with the packages containing the fame, and fhall and maybe b^eateHn F by any officer or officers of excife ; and the perfon or whofe cuftody pcrfons.Io making or felling the fame, or the dealer or dealers in, found, fhall or feller Of fellers of coffee, in whofe cuftody or poffeffion the forfeit 50I. £uue (hall be found, fhall forfeit and lofe thefum of fifty pounds, tncafe of fei- IV. And be it further enacted. That if any commodity (hail zure of fuch ^ fej^ed by virtue of or in purfdance of this aft, as being a com-proof*thatjit m°dity manufaftured in imitation of, or to refembie coffee, or is not made in to ferve as a fubftitute for coffee; or if any aftion fhall be imitation of brought by the owner or claimer Qf any fuch commodity againft °®cer or °fficerS of excife, qx* any perfon afting in his or owner by the foe*r affiance, for fuch feizure of any fuch commodity, the oath of two proof that the commodity fo feized is not a commodity manu-credible wit- faftured in imitation of coffee, or fo refembie coffee* or to ferve nefics, as a fubftitute for coffee, (hall lie upon the owner or claimer thereof, by the oathrof two credible witneffes, being fkilful and experienced perfons, competent to decide, by infpeftion and examination thereof,

Claufe in 38	^nd	whereas	by	a	claufe	in	an	aft	faffed in the thirty-eighth

Geo, 3. c. 54, year ff the reign of hisprefent Majejiy, intituled, An act to amend refpefting feveral laws of excife relating to coach makers, auctioneers, beer and cyder exported, certificates and debentures, (lamps on reread.68* hides and (kins, drawbacks on wines pnd fweets, and ale and beer licences, it Was enafted, That if any perfon or per Com whatever Jbould counterfeit or forge, or cayfe or procure to be counter• fitted forged, any certificate authorifed or required to be granted by any officer or officers of excife under or by virtue of any aft or afls of parliament in force immediately before the faffing of that aft, and relating to any of the duties of excife; or if %ny perfon or perfotts Jhould knowingly or willingly give any falfe or untrue certificate os qforefaid, or Jbould knowingly or willingly accept or receive any fill)* :	.	ir

:8bi.} Anno reghi qpadjragefimo pritho Georgii Hf. c. 91, 2,67*

r untrue certificate as aforefdidy or if any perfon or perfons jhouid, fraudulently alter or erafe any fuch true certificate, after the fame Jbould ave been given or granted by the proper officer or officers of excife, or f any perjon or per font Jhouid knowingly or willingly fubtijby or make fe of any fuch certificate fo counterfeited, forged, falfe, untrue, altered, r trafed, every perfon or perfons fo offending, Jbould, for each and very fuch offence, federally forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds;;, nd whereas it is expedient to repeal the faid recited tlaufe, and id ieu thereof to dir eft that every perfon .or perfins fo offending Jhall be idjudged guilty of felony, and fubjeft to fuch pumjbment as is herein* > ifter directed; be it therefore enafted, 'That, from and after the From July $• ifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and one, the faid *8(0liJ1pc^ii recited claufp (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and fic^Js^requlr-that, from and after the faid fifth day of July one thoufand edtohegrant-eight hundred and one, if any perfon or perfons whatever fliall ed by officer# counterfeit br forge, or caufe or procure to be counterfeited *?f cx?fejor ot forged, any certificate auihorifed or required to be granted by any officer or officers of excife, under or by virtue of ceiving falfe any aft or afts of parliament in force immediately before the certificates, paffing of this aft, and relating to any of the duties of excife, or ^ia,^be if any perfon or perfons (hall knowingly Or willingly give any Idiity^of fc-falfe or untrue certificate as aforefeid, or (hall Knowingly or fony, and be willingly accept or receive .any falfe or untrue Certificate as afore* tranfported faid, or if any perfon or perfons fbali fraudulently alter or erafe ***** any fuch true certificate, aftfer the fame (hall have been given ****** or granted by the proper officer or officers of efccife, or if any* perfon or perfons (hall knowingly or willingly publilhor make ufe of any fuch certificate fo counterfeited* forged, falfe, untrue, *( altered or erafed, then and in every fuch cafe the perfon or perrons fo offending, and being thereof duly convifted, fliall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall for fiich his, her, or their offence be tranfported as a felon or felons for the fpace of seven years, in fuch manner as felons are appointed to be tranfported by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of his prefent MajeftyY reign, intituled. An act for the effeftual tranfportation of felons and other offenders, and to authorifi the removal if prifoners in cer-tain cafes, and for other purpofis therein mentioned.

VI.	And whereas by an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act for regulating the produftion of manifefts; and for more effeftualiy preventing fraudulent praftices in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and in the clandeftine relanding of goods, it was amongft other things enafted, That it Jbould and rr.ighf be lawful for the commanders of any of his Majefty*s Jhips or vtjftls of wdr, or any commijfionedj warrant, or petty officer, fpecially authorifed by them, to ft\%e without any deputation or commijfion from the commiffioners of his Ahjcfty’s tufioms or excife\ for that purpofi, any goods or commodities whatever^ or any jhips or vejfels whatever which Jhouid be fubjeft to forfeiture by that aft,. or by any other aft or afts of parliament then in force, for any offence againfi the revenue of cuftoms or excife, provided the commander of fuch Jhip or vtffil of war Jhouid bring or caufe to be ,	brought

168 Anno regnt qiladragefimo jpfiftio GeorSH 111. c. 9!. £t8<Jtj

brought ivory fetch feizure to his Majeftfs warehoufe, at the nearefe cufeom-houfe to which fuch feizure could conveniently be brought, and Jhould there lodge and depofit the fame in the cufiody, and under the charge and care of the proper officer of the cufeom, in cafe the , feizure Jhould be made under any ad! for securing the rez/enue of cufeoms% or in the cufiody and under the charge and care of the pro-far officer of excife, in cafe it Jhould be made under any aft for • securing the. revenue of excife only'i 'and Jhould, in all refpefts in regard to the prtfecution or delivery of any fuch feizure, conform to aU and each and every of the rulesy regulations, and rejlrifttons to which the officers of his Majefty's citftoitn and excife were then, in cafe of any fetch feizure? made by them refpeSlively, fuhjedf; any law, cufiom, or ufage to the contrary notwithjldnding : and whereas it is expedient to provide, that any futh feizures made Under or by virtue ef the feaid recited aft, of any goods or commodities for or in refeeS whereof any duty of exctfe is by law impofed^ or of any Jbip or vejfel which Jball be fubjeft to forfeiture for or in refpeft of any Juch goods or commodities Jball and may be brought to, and lodged and depofited in feme or one of bis Mrieftfs warehoujes ef excife, if the commander or officer or officers making fuch feizure Jball deem it expedient fa to do \ and alfo that fuch feizures JhaU be profecuted in like manner as feizures made by officers of excife are profecuted by the laws relating to the revenue of excife; be it therefore enabled, Seizures made That any fuch feizure of any goods or commodities for or in ers of^ps^"	wnereof any duty of excife is by law impofed, or of any

Of war9 or	fhip or veffel which (hall be fubjedt to forfeiture for or in refpeft

goods liable of any fuch goods or commodities, fhall and may be brought to to excite and lodged in fome or one of his Majefty’s warehoufes of ex-tSSsSSU ci* in Great Britain, in the cuftody and under the charge and of his Majef- care the proper officer of excife, if the commander, or officer ty’s ware- or officers making fuch feifcure, fhall deem it expedient fo to do, houses of ex- inftead of bringing fuch feizure to his Majefty’s warehoufe at the Britain undat cuft°m-houfe, according to the dire&ions of the faid recited the careUof Cr > anc* that every fuch feiaure fo brought toj and lodged and the proper depofited in any fuch excife warehoufe fhall be profecuted by officer* &€? and under the directions of the commiffioners of excife, irt like manner as feizures made by officers of excife are may be profecuted by any law or laws* relating to tBe revenue of excife; any thing in the faid recited aft contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

VII.	And whereas by the laws now in force certain bounties and drawbacks of excife are prohibited from being granted fob jor in rejpeft of certain excifeable gobds and commodities exported from Great Britain for Ireland, or for the iflands of Guernfey or Jer-fey, until a certificate is produced certifying that the goods have been duly landed there: and whereas no fuch certificate can be produced for or in refeejf of fuch goods as in the voyage to any fetch place of dejiinatien, may unfortunately happen to be loft. by being taken by enemies, or by perijhing in the feas, and it is therefore expedient in assy fuch cafe as is herein-after mentioned, to allow the exctfe bounties and drawbacks for or in refpefi of any fetch goods fe left as

qforefaiii

Soi.] Anno regni qua^ragefimo primp Georgii ftl. c, 91. 269

orefaid fbe it therefore enabled. That in every cafe where it ComraUfion-all be made -appear to the fatisfa&ion of the commiffioners of fr# °£cxcj/** :cife, or the major part of them, in England and Scotland re-	in

edtivcly, that any excifeable goods or commodities for or inutettporta* fpe& whereof any bounty or drawback of cxcife is given or tioa to Scanted by law, and which were fairly and regularly exported land, &o. > om Great Britain for Ireland, Guernfey, or Jerfey, have, in the >yage to fuch place of deftination, been unfortunately loft, by bounty or ting taken' by enemies or peri (hi ng in the fea6, (the examina- drawback on on and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the faid landing, may efpedtive commiffioners) it (hall and may be lawful to and for turetobe * le faid refpcctive commiffioners, or the major part of them made out for efpechvely, to order the debenture Co be made out for fuch payment, on ounty or drawback, or to pay fuch bounty or drawback for or n refpeft of any fuch goods or commodities fo loft as aforefaid; weretei^ ' * my adt or a<51s of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife noiwithftanding.

VIII.	And whereas, by an aft puffed in the twentyfeventh year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, Jgr repealing the feveral duties of cufloms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof an excife duty was chargeable for and upon all fales by way of auftiort in Great Britain, of any goods or chattels according to the rejpe&ive rates therein expreued,: and whereas it is expedient that further exemption from the faid duty Jhould be made in favour of certain articles, other than fuch as are now exempted from the fam\ be it therefore enabled, That, from and after the fifth day of July From July 5, one thoufand eight hundred and one, all wheat, barley, rye, corn, oats, rice, peafe, beans, and other corn and grain of every fort, ^^fions ^ flour and meal, imported into that part of the united kingdom hercin°men-called Great Britain, and all beef, pork, hams, bacon, cheefe, tioned, im-?nd butter, imported as aforefaid, (hall be free of the faid duty, ported into on the first fale thereof by auction in Great Britain, by or for the account of the original importer, to. whom the fame (hall be Qf the duty .on configned, and by whom the fame lhall be entered at the cuftom- au&ions on. houfe at the port of importation, fo as fuch fale be made within the first (ale twelve months after fuch wheat, barley, rye, oats, rice, peafe, beans, and other corn and grain refpe&ively, flour and meal, the°importer, or beef, pork, hams, bacon, cheefe, or butter, (hall be imported, &c. and by fome perfon duly liccnfed to exercife the trade or bufinefs of an aif£tioneer. '

IX.	And whereas certain goodly Wares y and merchandizes, have been for feme time under fequejlration in the ports of Ruffia, and are Jhortly expefied to arrive in this kingdomand whereas it may become npcejfary to fell large quantities thereof byauftion upon fuch orrival, in order to the after taining thf value thereof for the more . fpeedy fit tie men t of accounts between the owners and proprietors or mjignees of fuch goods^ wares, and merchandises, and perfens who ; have underwritten in the fame, or become infurers thereof: and [ whereas it is therefore expedient that fuch goods, wares, and merchandizes Jhould be exempt from the payment qf the duty charged upon fates

From July 5, 1801, hides or lkins tan-

tjo Anno regni quadragefi'mo primo Georgii III. c. 91. £1801. Treafury may by way of auction*, be it therefore further ena&ed, That it Ihall 5»hidh wert ^	^or	^	lords	com	mi	ffioners	of	his	Majefty’s	treafury,

under ftquef- any three or more nf them, and they are hereby empowered, tratioam on proof made to their fatisfaction, that any goods, wares, and Kufia, to be merchandizes imported into this country from Ruffi7, have been Scm theaue detained an<* kept *n l^at countl7 under fequeftration, during ti<mdttty,&c. fate difputes, and are to be fold in the united kingdom for the benefit of the owners, proprietors, and infurers thereof, to grant a certificate thereof, and on the produdtion of fuch certificate, fueh goods, wares, and merchandizes, fhail be exempt from the payment of the duty of excife chargeable thereon, for and in refpetf of the fir ft fale by au£tion of fuch goods, wares, and merchandizes ; and the fame fhail be thereupon free of the duty of excife on fuch first fale thereof by auction in the united kingdom, for and on account of the owners, proprietors, and infurers thereof; any thing in any a& or a£b contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enabled. That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and one, if any hide or

ne<C&c.found tanned, tawed, or drefled in oil, (hall be found in any place on any other- whatfoever in Great Britain, (except 011 the entered premises of than entered any tanner, tawer, currier, or drefler of leather in oil) without SeCforfeiUdal having th*rccn thp ihark or (lamp to denote the charging of the and the per- duty “>r fuCh hide or	^ame	bs	forfeited, and (hall

fon in whole and may be feized by any officer or officer^ of excife; and the J*1perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or pofteffion the fame (ha!!

be found (ball, for every fuch offeneb, forfeit the ftmx of one hundred pounds.

XI.	And whereas by an a£l made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of * his prefent Majejly, intituled, An ad for allowing, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and five, a further bounty upon pilchards exported; and for amending an ad made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majetty for transferring the management of the fait duties to the commtffioners of excife, it was am&ngft other things provided, that the merchant or merchants on whofe account or ts whofe order any fait fhould be /hipped to be carried or removed cccf-wife, for curing or preserving ji/h, Jhould give fufficient bond or /ecu-rity in treble the amount of the duty of the fait intended to bo delivered*, and that fuch bond Jhould be cancelled arid difeharged upon fuch merchant or merchants1 producing to the proper officer of excife, tui:hn three months, a certificate tejlifying the delivery offuch fait to the fh curer 4o wborh- the fame was tmjigned: and whereas it is expeaur.i to repeal the faid provtfions, and to fubftitate other proyi/tons in lits

% and injteod y hereof:: be it-therefore farther enafled, That, from and after the fifth day 6f'July vne thoufahd eight hundred and one, the faid provtfions ihall be, arid the Fame are hereby fevc-; rally repealed, and that from thenceforward, immediately upon the arrival of any flar, barge, boat, or veffel, having on board any fait intended to be u fed cr employed in the curing or pre-ferving of fifh, at the port at yvhich fuph fait i? intended to he

Ihall forfeit 100L

(Cbrofe to 39 Peo. 3. c 65. refpe&tog bonds gwen lorfftlt intended for piriog of fid) repealed, and piker provi-fians iubfti-tuted Iti lieu thereof*

i8gi.] Anno tfegni quadragefimo primo-GEORGii III. c. 91. 271

(hipped or put on board any (hip or veflel to be therein carried or removed coaftwife, for the delivery to the fi(h curer or fifh curers for or to whom the fame is to be configned or fent, the merchant or merchants on whofc account or to whofe order th$ fame {hall be delivered, (hall, either by him or thcmfelves, or by any other perfon or perfons, give fufficient bond or fecurity to be approved of by the comniifiioners of excifc, or the perfon or perfons who fhall be appointed or employed by*them for that purpole, in "the fingle value of the amount of the duty of the fait lo intended to be delivered for the purpofe of curing and preserving fiftv, (in which bond or fecurity the matter or owner of the (hip or vdiel in which the fait is to be carried or conveyed,

(hall join), that all fuch fab, and every part thereof (hall, (the danger of the enemies only excepted), be duly delivered ifito the cuftpdy or poffellion of fuch fi(h curer or fi(h curers for or to whom the fame is to be configned or fent 5 and that no part of fuch fait (hall, before the fame (hall be delivered into the cuftody or pofl'eflton of fuch fifh curer or fifh curers as aforefaid, be fold or delivered for home trade or confumption, or otlierwife fraudulently difpofed of in Great Britain.

XII.	And be it. further enaded, That every fuch bond or further re* fecurity (hall be cancelled and difeharged upon the merchant or merchants on whofe account or to whofe order any fuch fait bondTIiVeo (hall have been fo delivered to as afOrefaid, producing to and forfeit to be leaving with the proper officer of excife,* a certificate'under the ufed kieurkig hand of fuch other officer of exeife as (halt be authorifed to give and grant the fame* teftifying that all and every part of the lalf mentioned in fuch bond or fecurity, (allowing or deducting at and after the rate of one bufhel in every one hundred bufhejs of fuch fait for natural watte during the voyage) has been duly delivered into the cuftody or poffeffion of the fife carer of fi(h Curers for whom the fame was intended* or to whom the fame was configned of fent, and- that bond or fecurity has been given by or on the part of ftich fi(h curer or fitti curers, that all fuch * ‘ *	7

felt fent or configned to him, her, or them, and -delivered iritq his, her, or their cuftody, or poffefliqn, (hall be pfed in -curing and preserving fifti: provided always. That fuch certificate (ball be ffroduced to and left with fuch officer as aforefaid, within fix '•	*

•months next after the day on which fudi fait (hall have been fo (hipped or puf on board the (hip or veflel in which the, fame is ■	.	.	.	..

to be tarried' o'fJ removed coaftwife for foch delivery to’the fifli.	•	:

curer of fiffi barm as aforefaid. ...... •’	•	•	t	-

XiU/ * And' he it ftifther enath^, That* no fueh bond dr (ecu- Such febrfdi i\ty fd fed be gird :cft taken <fcrTalt, to beefed and employed in :'ebbing and preferring fi(h sfc aforefaid, nor arty certificate'to be Juty.°*1 foade out in relation to any’fu6h Tahi (hall be fubjed or liabfeto any ftamp duty, any fching ihthte Or any other ad or ads to the contrary in any wife notwirhftanding.	’	,

XIV.	And be' it farther ena&ed, That if any perfon of per-	0

Ions whatfbevfcrjhattiflault, oppofe, moleft, obftrud, or hinder,	ex-

any officer or oflwtrs qf excife in-the-due execution of. this ad,, ecutionjof xfr?

,	gf	acf	Thafi	lor

feit aooU

Z'jz Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 92. [ 1 Bot.

Fines and forfeitures bow to be recovered.

or of any of the powers or authorities given by this a&, all and every the perfoti or perfons fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, feverally forfeit the funi of two hundred pounds.

XV.	And be it further enadied, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this adt, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, or method;, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excifc, or by adlion of debt, bill, plaipt* or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeflminfler* or in the court of exchequer ia Scotland refpeSively, and that one moiety of every fuch fin?, penalty, or forfeiture, (h?ll be to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difeover, or foe for the fame.

CAP. XCII,

' An act to alter the bounties payable on wheaten flour and Indian cm imported into Ireland ; and for providing a method for recovering the forfeitures treated by an a ft of this feffton of parliamtnt to prohibit the making of malt, and difiilling of fpiritsfrom corn or grain in Ireland.-r-[July 2,1801. j

Preamble, c. 14* of this fdfion.

WHEREAS an aft was made in this fejflon of parliament* ini-tided* An ad) for granting bounties on the importation into Ireland of wheat, barley, rye, oats, and indiati corn, and of barley, rye, oars, and indian meal, and wheaten flour and rice: ani whereas it is expedient that the bounties thereby granted on the importation of wheaten flour frqm America, Jhould be encreofed on Jim imported into Ireland from America in flips which flail have cleared Out from any ports in America between certain periods herein-afltr mentionedj. be it therefore enacted by the King’s moll excellent tnajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Inftead of the aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That on every bounty grant- barrel of fuperfine wheaten flour of one hundred and ninety-fix ** pounds weight, which (hall be imported into Ireland in any (hip there (hall be which (hall have cleared out from any port in America between paid on every the twelfth day of November one thoufand eight hundred and the barrel of fu- tenth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and one, and flour (hall be fold, purfuant to the dire&ions t)f tfie faid a$, within of 1961b. iro- two ,mpoth§ after importation into Ireland* there, (hall be paid ported into and allowed, in lieu and inftead of the bounties by the faid 3# W**hi«ny granted, a bounty equal'to the fujn by which the a&ual price of outfiomAme- ca^h barrel of fucb.flour.fo fold, foafl be lefs than eighty (hillings rica between Britifl currency ; and on every barrel of fine wheaten flour of Nov. iii and one hundred and. ninety-fix pounds weight which fhal] beim-ported into Ireland in any fl>ip which (hall haye cleared out from foant tqrcci- anY PQrt *n America between the faid periods, apd (hall be fojd, ted ad, within, purfuapt to the dirc<5)ions of the faid a#,, within two uionths two months after importation, a bounty equal to the fum by whjch the

acluaj price of each barje] of fuch flour , fo fold foall be lefs than non, a DQuaty	/	feventjh

lumuigS) in iicu oaiu uiucrau ui uic uuuiujr j J

r the laid adt; and on every barrel of fuperfine wheate i one hundred and ninety-fix pounds weight, which (hall t irted into Ireland in any (hip which (hall have cleared oi i y port in America between the tenth day of Jamary. on id eight hundred and one and the twenty-fifth day of < e thoufand eight hundred and one, and mall be fold, pi the directions of the faid a<51, within two months after i ion, a bounty equal to the fum by which the adhial p :h barrel of (uch flour fo fold (hall be lefs than ninety fit I lieu and infiead of the bounty granted by the faid a<S$ j i (every barrel of fine flour of one hundred and ninety-fix | i I Weight, which (hall be imported into Ireland m any (hip « (hall have cleared out from any port in America within tl i 1 lad-mentioned period, and {hall be fold, purfuant to the : lions of the faid act, within two months after importat bounty equal to the fum by which the adtual price of each I of fuch flour fo fold (Gall be lefs than eighty-eight (hillin; lieu and infiead of the bopnty granted by the faid a&: pn • always. That due-proof fhall be made, to the fatisfa£Hon u commH&oners of his Maj.efty*s revenue in Ireland, that fuel cleared out between the refpe&ive periods before mentidnec

II.	And whereas bj the faid aft'an allowance or bounty is j t on Indian corn or maize imported into Ireland, but'by msjla\ quantity of fuch indianr corn or maize on which fuch allowa. i bounty is given is exprejjid to be a barrel\ and not on a quarter <, corn or maize as was intended; in order therefore to reftify fuc\ takey be it further enacted. That in all cafes where any fuel dian corn or maize (hall not, upon the first fale thereof in Ir \ purfuant to the faid/aft, produce the fum of fifty-five (hiI Brittfts currency per. quarter, there fhall be paid and allowed every fuch quarter a fum equal to the fum by which the ; price of each quarter of (uch indun corn or maize fo fold (b lefs than fifty.-five (hillings Briti/b currency, which allot (hall be in lieu of the allowance or bounty on indian coi maize mentioned in the faid adh IIL And whereas by an aft paffed in this foffan °f parliamen tituledy. An. a# to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth day of A one jtfroufrfid eight hundred and two^ -the making of malt ad diddling of fpirits from corn or grain in Ireland, feveral forft are,created in refpeft of offences againft the faid afty for recover which no mode is thereby efiqblijhed> be it ena&ed. That at forfeitures (hall and may be fued for, recovered, and appl fuch manner .and form, and by fuch ways and means, ant fuch powers and authorities as are appointed by tl^e fait recited a<3 for firing for, recovering, and applying the ped fines and penalties thereby infii&ed.	|



Voi,, XLIII.

T

fcfeatnble, c. 4.1, of this fcffioo.

Hops of Bri-tifli growth may be imported into Ireland, fab. je&to duty under recited a£L

^74 Aanoregtiiquadragcfitno’primoGEORGii IILc93,94. £1801.

CAP. XCIIL

An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day ofWlzvcWone thoufand eight hundred and two,fo much of an act made in the prefent Jeffm tf parliament, as permits BritUb hops to be imported into Ireland at a low rate <f duty.~—[July a, 1801.]

WHEREAS an aft was made in thisfeffton of parliament, intituled, An a£t for allowing,until the twentieth* day of Augufl one thoufand eight hundred and one, the importation into Ireland of Britijh and foreign hops, at a like duty as is payable in Great Britain for the.lame: and whereas it is expedient to extend the time to which Britifh hops may be imported itfto Ireland at a like duty as is payable in Great Britain for tie fame, be it therefore ena&ed by ,the KingV moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice, and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the aa-thprity of the fame,. That, from and after the twentieth day of Auguji ope thoufand eight hunched and one, until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two, all hops of the growth or produce ofGreat Britain may beiffi-ported into Ireland, ftibjed to no greater duty than the fame are made fubjeft to by, the faid recited a£t.

CAP. XCIV.

An act to empower the importers or proprietors of rum or fpirits of the Britifh fugar plantations to land the fame in Ireland, before pay-menl of the duties of excife charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in warehoufes at their own expence, tiktil the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and eigbt.^[ July 2, i8oi»]

WHEREAS it is expedient that rtfiH 'Or fpirits of the growth or manufafture df his Majefty'spldfttatiorts in America Jbould be permitted to he landed in Ireland, before payment of the duty payable thereon, on the importation of fuch runt Or Jpirits into Ireland, in the fame manner and up)sn the like terms as are praftifed with refpcB to fuch rum imported htto Great Britain;'’be it therefore enadfced by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by atid whh the. advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, andootoimons in this preferit phrltement aflembled, and by-the gurhorky of the fame, That from and after the palling of this a&, aH rum or fpirits of the growth, produce, or manufe&une of his Majefty’s fugar plantations, which fhall 'be imported info Ireland, may upon the entry thereof^ wkhin thirty days after the tnafter or piirferoPthe lhip in which fuch rum or fpirits fh&H be imported, hath or ought to have made report upon Oath, of the.burthen, content, and loading of fuch (hip, and before payment of any part of the duty payable on the importation thereof into-/r/jW, oe . landed from on board the £hip or veflel in which the fame {hall haVe been fo imported, and {hall be put intbiuch waithoufe

Preamble.

Spirits of his Majefty’s fugar plantations, imported into Ireland, may within a limited period be landed and warehoufed, on bond being given to pay the duties ^yhen fold, or

Of

rSoi.J Anno regni qusulragefiroo primo Georgii. III. c. 94. 27^

or warehoufes as (hail be for that purpofc provided (at the charge within a of the refpedlive proprietors or importers of fuch rum pr fpirits), [f^ot^ld. and (hall be approved of by the chief commiflioners of bis Ma-jefty’s revenue of Ireland for the time being, or any three ,pf them, upon fuch proprietors or importers first given (at his or their charge and expence) his or their bond or other good and flifficient (pcurity, which the faid commiflioners or other proper officers of the revenue are hereby required to take for payment of all .duties payable on the importation of fuch runt or fpirits into Ireland, as "(bon as the.fame (hall be fold, in cafe the fame be fold within twelve months from and after the time the fame (hall

be landed and put into warehoufes.as aforefaid; and in cafe the fame (hall not be fold within fuch twelve months, then. to pay the fame at the end of fuch twelve months; fuch duty to be computed according to the gauge of fuch rum or fpirits, to be taken at the time the fame (hall be fo landed and lodged in warehoufes as aforefaid.

II.	And be it enabled, That fuch rum or fpirits as (hall be fo Warehoused

brought into fuch warehoufe or warehoufes (hall not be taken or {£'taken out, carried out thence on any account whatfoever, other than as except as herein-after mentioned.	hcrem-aftet

III.	And be it ena&ed, That in cafe any fuch rum or fpirits mentioned.

(hall be landed or put on (hore out of any (hip or veflel before Intry^ due. entry be made thereof at the cuftom houfe at the port or t|le place where (he fame (bail be imported, and the duties charge- are fecured, able on thp importation thereof fecured, or without a warrant or without for the landing thereof, first figned by the proper officer of the

pprt, or without the prefence of the proper officer of the port; 0f the proper then all fuch rum or fpirits as (hall be fo landed or taken out of officer, (half any (hip qr,veflel contrary to the true meaning hereof, (hall be be forfeited, forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of his Majefty’s re-' venue, or the importer or proprietor thereof ihall forfeit'the value of-the feme.

IV.	And be it enabled, That before fuch rum pr fpirits (hall ®, be;lpdged in any warehoufe, a mark (hall be fet on every calk pr warehoufed veflel containing the fame, mentioning the particular quantity of the quantity fuch rum or fpirits contained therein, according to the gauge and name of

thereof, to he then taken, with the names of the relpedive pro- the propruitor

•.	•	„	.L f , / n 1	r	%	,	(hall be mark-s

pnqtons or importers thereof; and the ltorekeeper of every fuch edonthec,.(k.

warehoufe (ball keep 2 book, wherein he (hall fairly enter in The ftofe-

writiog, an exad, particular, and true account of all fuch rqm keeper (hall

or fpirits as (ha)l from time to time be brought into and carried tranftnit a

out of fuch warehoufe, and the days and times when the fame	3q*

.were brought in and carried out, and the name or names of the oath, CVery

perfon or perfons to whom or for whofe ufe the fame wa$ deli- lix months, to

vetted out, .and.(hall, at the end of every fix months, or oftener if the commif- •

required, tranftnit in writing, an .account thereof upon oath to re^enu^ofth

the chief commiflioners of his Majefty's revenue in Ireland, to- fpfriTsbV°ught

gether with an exatft account of how much is then remaining in in and carried

.each wr?boufe under his c$re; .and the faid comtniffipners ate out.&cjamlif

.hWi?^.r<AuM.afld SPjoined, within one month pft.er ftpy.f^h ^^£7

.	.	T	2	account

276 Annoregni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 94. [1801. any have been account fhall be tranfmitted to them, to infped and examine the de^verSl'out ^ame; anc* ^ uPon examination it (hall appear that any of the (tore- *fuch rum or fpirits were delivered out of any fuch warehoufe, keeper (hall otherwife than as herein is mentioned, or before payment of the be difabled duties payable on the importation thereof, for fo much of fuch pubHck oflicc rum or {pirits as (hall have been fo delivered out, then the ftore-jind (hall for-* kccPcr of fuch warehoufe, and every officer having charge of fuch feit iocl. warehoufe offending therein, (hall not only be difabled to hold and enjoy any publick office or employment, but fhall aUb. forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of one hundred pounds, to be fued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated by fuch ways, means, and methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws made in Ireland, relating to his Majefty’s revenues of cxcife, or by a&ion of debt, bill,

' plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin.

No fpirits to V. And be it ena&ed. That no fuch rum or fpirits fo lodged be delivered jn any warehoufe as aforefaid, (hall be delivered out of the feme, houses except cxcePt f°r exportation iir the manner herein-after mentioned, for exnortati- unlefs upon payment of the duties payable on the importation on, without thereof; and that, upon the proprietor or importer, or other per-°f fon authorifed in tlyit behalf, producing to the fforekeeper of fuch tJ °UtI od warehoufe a warrant or certificate, figned by the colle&or or "tirmoFa cer-* other proper officer appointed to receive the duties payable tificateofthe thereon, certifying that he has received all the duties to which paymentofthe all the rum os fpirits fo defired to be delivered out of fuch ware* dut-s, fpirits houfe was liable and fubjeS to pay, fuch fforekeeper and officers vcredAnda ‘ attcnding fuch warehoufe (hall deliver out of the fame the quan-permit grant- tity of rum or fpirits, the duties on which (hall be exprefied in cd.	fuch warrant or certificate to have been paid, and thereupon a

permit or certificate to accompany fuch rum or fpirits (hall be . • . granted by the proper officer for the prote&ion therepf: provided No fpirits'in si ways. That no importer, proprietor^ or buyer of fuch rum or “WT fpirits, or perfon appointed by him, fhall receive out of any fuch Ions to be re* warehoufe any lefs quantity of rum or fpirits at one time than ceived out of one puncheon, hogfhead, or other caik, containing not lefe than warehouses. fifty gallons.

^arbe°UfC8 *	^n^	it enaijkd, That it (hall be lawful for the pro-

fecured under prietor or importer of any runt or fpirits fo to be lodged in any the joint warehoufe as aforefaid, to affix ortelock to every fuch warehoufe, Ipcks of the the key of which (hall remain in the cuftody of fuch proprietor I^0Rrlet^r of or importer; and for the fforekeeper and other officers having and theftore* charge of fuch warehoufe, to.affix one other lock upon every keeper, and fuch warehoufe, the key whereof (hall remain in the cuftody of may be vUited fuch fforekeeper or officer; and the proprietor or importer of hy.the fuch rum or fpirits may, in the prefence of fuch fforekeeper or ihnabie times] °®cer who are hereby required to-attend at all reafonable times # for that purpofe, view, examine, (hew, and receive out of fuch warehoufe, fuch rum or fpirits, or any part thereof, not lefs than the quantity herein-before for that purpofe mentioned, upon pay-. ment of the dqty payable upon the importation thereof, and upon

producing

1801Anne regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 94. 277

producing fuch certificate or receipt for the payment thereof as » ierein-b^fdre mentioned.	/

VII.	And be it ena&ed. That if any proprietor or importer °f etor my rum which (hall have been put into any warehoufe purfuant nlallopena to this a&, (hall, by any means whatever, open any fuch ware- warehoufe, tioufe, except in the prefence of the ftorekeeper of fuch ware- except in the houfe, or other officer having charge of the fame, and whofe bufinefs it is to attend with the key of fuch warehoufe, and tQ0fgJ*r,be open the fame? then every fuch’proprietor or importer (ball for- ftiallforfeit felt for every fuch offence the fum of five hundred pounds.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enadted,. That all fuch rum .Warehoused or fpirits as (hall be fo lodged in any warehoufe (hall be fubjedl fu^e^uj the and liable to the fame duties, to be applied to the fame ufes and faI£e duties, purposes, and tQ be managed and collected by the fame perfons See. ns (hall be and in the fame manner, fubject and liable to the fame rules, appointed by entries,- reftridtions, regulations, limitations, penalties, and for- J”c:eot as in feitures, as in and by any adt or adts of parliament, are or (hall thi3 a<ft men-be for that purpofe particularly deferibed, appointed, limited, and tioned. enaded, fave and except in the particular inftances in this adt mentioned and provided for, and to be applied to the fame.

IX.	And be it enacted, That before any rum or fpirits of the^^re *?T growth or manufadure of the Britijh fugar plantations in America

lball be delivered out of any warehoufe for exportation, the per- livered out for fon or perfons intending to export the fame, (hall, with fufficient exportation, fureties, give bond to his Majefty in double the value of the bond (ball be goods, and of the import duty payable thereon, that fuch rum or f^themto' fpirits (hall, (the danger of the feas or enemies excepted) be ex- the port reported as merchandize to, and landed in fuch port out of Irelandcifi^d therein, as (hall be fpecified in fuch bond, and (hall not be landed in any other place, nor relanded in Ireland.

X.	And be it enadled, That the exporter of fuch rum or *fPon produc-fpirits, or feme perfon on his behalf producing to the (tore- tificate *hat keeper of the warehoufe, and to the officer attending the fame, a bond,&c,hath certificate from the proper officer, that fuch bond and fecurity been given, fo hath been given, the ftorekeeper of ftfch warehoufe and officer muchfpiritsas attending the fame (hall deliver fo much rum or fpirits as (hall tSre-be mentioned in fuch certificate, to be exported, and (hall give jn> fhallbede-to the exporter a certificate figned by them, fpecifying the quan- livered, with a tity fo delivered* the contents and mark of each cafk, the quan- certificate of tity contained therein on the landing, the names of the proprietors JjJch or importers, and alfo certifying that the fame are delivered out foAll & pro. for exportation, and the time when and to whom fuch delivery ducedtothe was made ; which certificate (hall be produced to the officer at- officer attend* tending the (hipping of fuch ruin or fpirits; and the ftorekeeper JJjnif of thle" of the warehoufe and officer attending the fame .(hall make fuch for ex* entries of the delivery of fuch rum or fpirits as they are herein portatiooi &c* required to make with refpedt to the rum or fpirits delivered upon

payment of the duties, and (hall not be fubjeft to any penalty for making fuch delivery; and the quantity of rum or (pints delivered out of any .warehoufe for exportation (hall be computed according to the gauge taken at the tirne of landing on the i;n«

T3	portatioa

2f8 Anno regni qoadragefimo primo Georgii 11L c. 94. [1801.

No ware- # portation thereof: provided always, That no rum or fpirits (hall h°K^d|fp,ritd ** Slivered out °f aPV fuch warehoufe, either for confumptton unlefs aiU^al or exportation, unlefs all legal charges attending the warehousing charges have thereof fhall have been paid.

been paid. XI. And be it enabled. That upon producing to the commif-Boiids (hall be fioners of his Majefly’s revenue in Ireland, or their officer having delivered hack t^e cuftQ(jy Qf the bonds given in purfuance of this adt for fe-ti^of^cer- ci*ting the payment of the duty payable on ther importation of tificite of fuch rum or fpirits, a certificate under the hand of the proper fpirits being officer of the port where fuch rum or fpirits (hall have been ihipt, &c. (hipped for exportation, of the quantities fo (hipped, and that the fame were (hipped in the prefeuce of fuch officer, and that the fame were accompanied with fuch certificate of the delivery from fuch warehoufe asaforefaid; and alfo upon delivery of fuch ' laft mentioned certificate, fuch commiffioners, or the officer having the cuftody of fuch bonds, in cafe the whole quantity of * 1	rum mentioned therein be certified to have been delivered and

(hipped, (hall deliver fuch bonds to the perfon producing fuch certificate• or in cafe only a part of the rum mentioned in fuch bond be certified to be delivered and (hipped, the faid com-miffioner or officer (hall endorfe on fuch bonds the quantity fo delivered and (hipped $ and if at any future time before the expiration of the term ftipulated in fuch bonds for the payment of fuch duties, the remaining part of the rum mentioned therein (hall be certified to have been delivered and1 (hipped as merchandize for exportation, then fuch bond (hall be delivered to the perfon producing fuch certificates, and the proprietors or importers (hall be difeharged from the payment of all duties on the

No drawback imPortation of fuch rurn or fpirits.

(hall be allow- XII. And be it enacted. That no drawback on any rum or fpirits (hall be allowed, nor (hall the bonds for securing the duties payable on the importation thereof be delivered, or fuch indorfement as aforefaid made thereon, or the proprietor or importer be difeharged from the payment of fuch dudes, for any fpirits export- rum or fpirits exported in any ca(k containing lefs than fifty gal-ed in calks of ions, or (hipped on board any veflel of lefs burthen than feventy

^ atlons n&c° 101185 01	be	exported	from	any	port	not	being the port

ga ons, c. pf importation.

XIII.	And be it enadted, That if any rum or (pints delivered from any warehoufe for exportation, (hall, before the Clipping, be lodged in any place fo as to be concealed from pubtick view, .... or fhall not be (hipped 'within twelve hours after the delivery, or not	^ any or Pac{caSc ^all be wilfully opened, or any part of

alimitedtime, fuch rum or fpirits betaken thereout, or if the quality of fuch or;any part	rum or fpirits (hall be changed ; in every fuch cafe, all fuch rum

taken out, or 0r fpirits, aqd the calks containing the fame, (ball be forfeited, c^ngedtLy and ma? ** fc*zed any b®cer‘ of the revenue in Ireland; and lhall be for-' the perfon or perfons who gave bond for the exportation, (hall, frited, &c.	upon proof of fuch offence, be fubjedt to the penalty of fuch bond,

and the fame (hall be put in fuit, unlds the commiffioners of his Majefty*s revenue find caufe to forbear the feme*

XIV.	And

ed, or bonds delivered, or payment of duties dif-cHaged for

Jf (pints delivered for exportation (hall before (hipping be

Soi.3 Annaregni qtmdragefimo primo Georgii {II.c. 94. 179

XIV.	And be it enadterf. That no bond to be given by virtue N° bo^fliatt f this a£fc,.for the exportation of any rum of fpirits as merchan-|ixe, (hall be difcharged, until fuch certificates be produced of Qf landing the

landing of fuch rum^or fpirits at the port mentioned in fuch fpirits be pro* and, and fuch proof on oath made, as is required by any aft or duced. See.

Sis of parliament in Inland in refpeft to allowance of any draw* ack for any merchandise exported; and the condition of all. the Cq^tloii of roods taken by virtue of this aft (hall be to produce fuch cer* ificates within fuch times refpeftively, as are limited by any foch tificates with* ladt or afts for producing the certificates therein required ; and in the limited all perfon* authorifed by any fuch latt-mentioned aft or afts to tf®e* adminifter oaths, are hereby authorifed to admipifter the like Oaths to be oaths in purfuance of this aft; and in cafe no fuch certificate adminiitrred. (hall be produced, or fuch proof made within the times therein limited, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners of his Ma-* produced, s jetty's revenue, in Ireland to caufe the bond taken to be put in bonds may fc fuit, unlefs they find, caufe to forbear the fame.	put in fuit. *

XV.	And be it enafted, That in cafe any fuch rum or fpirits If fpirits (hall entered* as merchandize for exportation (hall not be bond fide not o^duly (hipped and exported, the danger of the Teas excepted, or be reSasdediii landed again in Ireland, unlefs in cafe of did refs to fave „the Ireland, they goods from perifhing, of which diftrefs proof (hall be forthwith (hall be for* made,-and notice given to the principal officer of the port; all

fuch rum or fpirits 10 relanded, and the cafk's containing the fame, Qw&rncd? •• (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of his Ma- /hall forfeit * jetty's revenue in Ireland; and every perfon who brought any of double the fuch rum or fpirits, or procured the fame to be re-landed, or af« bfj*4 fitted in the unfhipping of the fame, or to whofe hands the fame fggtothe>0^* knowingly (hall have come, or by whofe privity or direction any veflel, fuffer fuch rum or fpirits (hall have been fo re-landed, (hall forfeit fix months double the amount of the duties chargeable upon importa- unpnfon* tion, and all boats, cattle, and carriages ufed in the landing or mcnt‘ conveyance of the fame, and the fame may be feized by any oflU cer of the revenue in Ireland; and if any matter or perfoq belonging to any (hip or veflel (hall alfitt in or connive at the fraudulent landing of any fuch rum or fpirits, ttich matter or perfon, over and above all other penalties, (hall for every fuch offence fuffer rimprifonment for fix months; and in cafe the Ifa,}7 package of fuch runt or fpirits fo entered for exportation, (hall	after

be altered after the (hipping thereof, and before the arrival af the (hipping, thp port of difcharge, .the matter or perfon having the charge of fuch matter (kail (hip or veffel (hall forfeit one hundred pounds.	forfeit iool.

XVI And be it enafted, That as often as any perfon (hall be Previous no-> defirobs of (hipping for exportation any quantity of any fuch ll.cc to rum or fpirits, fuch perfon (hall give notice in writing to the p^officei^of” proper officer at the port where fuch rum or. fpirits are to be the number of (hipped five days next before the fame (hall be put on board; in calks, &c. of which notice (hall be exprefled the number of calks and thp fpirits intend* quantify of r^m or fpirits intended to be (hipped; and it (hall be	***

lawful for the officer attending the warehoufe 'from which fuch officers may rum or fpirits is to be taken, before the delivery thereof from mark the v	t	4.	fuch

famples*

Peribns (hipping fpirits for exportation without

280 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Gborgii III. c. 94. £1801.

take fueh warehoufe, or at any time afterwards, to mark every fuch calk or other package with fuch mark as the commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue in Ireland fhali dirdt, and before fuch delivery, or afterwards, to take as many famples as he (hall thiok lit, not exceeding half a pint out of each calk, paying for fuch famples, if demanded, according to' the market price of luch rum 1 or fpirits, not including the duties thereof \ and in cafe any per-fon Ihail put on Ihip-board any fuch rum or fpirits for exports- {

.......... tion as merchandize, without having given fuch notice, or (hall I

giving notice, obftrud any officer to mark any calk, or .to take fuch famples as or obftrufting aforefaid, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence forfeit fofot*iool onc ^un<*rc<* pounds; and if any rum or fpirits fo intended for if/* itsf * jCXPorlat*on. as merchandize, (hall, .after; any officer hath exa-exportation^ mined the fame, be altered in quality or quantity, all fuch rum after examin- or fpirits, and the calks containing the fame, (hall he forfeited, ation, (hall be and may be. feized by any officer of his Majefty’s revenue in altered, they jreland • and every perfon who fo altered, or caufed the fame to be altered, (hall forfeit one hundred.pounds.; and no drawback of or allowance for the duties payable on the importation thereof,, fhali be given or made for the fame. •

. XVII. Aiid be it enabled. That if any rum or fpirits lodged in any warehoufe in purfuance of this all, (hall be permitted to remain therein for any time exceeding twelve months after the fame fhali be fo lodged therein; and if the duties payable on the icrfportation thereof (hall not be paid to the collector or officer authorifed to receive the fame within fuch twelve months, and fuch certificate or receipt as is herein-before directed to be had (hall not be produced to the ftorckeeper of fuch warehoufe or officer having charge of the lame, teftirying the payment of fuch duty,

. .	within the time aforefaid, that then it (hall be lawful for the laid

chief commiffioners, or any three or more of them, to caufe the jum or fpirits fo lodged in fuch warehoufe, for which the faid duty (hall not have been paid within the time aforefaid, to be put up to fale at publick auction to the beft bidder or bidders for the fame, and the money ariling by fuch fale (hall be in t^e first place applied in difeharge of the duty payable thereon 5 and alt legal charges attending the wartfhoufing of the fame, and the expence of fuch fale, and the furplus of the monies ariling by fuch fale, if any, Ihail be paid to the perfop or perfons who lodged fuch rumor fpirits .in fuch warehoufe.

Recovery and XVIII. And be it ena&ed, That all .lines, penalties, and for-applicationof fchurcs by this alt. infiilted and created, other than fuch as by

ihail be forfeited, &c.

Spirits renaming in * any warehoufe more than ia months, for which duty (hall not be paid, may be fold for payment of duty and charges.

penalties.

this alt are otherwife provided for, lhall and may be fued for, recovered, levied, and applied, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities as are preferibed, direlted, and appointed in and by an alt of the parliament of Ireland^ made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the fettling of the exeye an4 new impofl upon his Majejlyy bis',heirsandfucceJfor$y according to the book of rates there's* inferted% or by any other law or laws relating to his Ma«

. jelly’s

i*8oi.] Anno regni qu^dragefimo primo GeOrgii III. c. 95; 281

jeily’s excife in Ireland, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, exprefled, and enaded in this aQ,t with like remedy of appeal for the party or parties who (hall think himfelf or themfelves aggrieved or in* jurea, as in and by the faid a<ft, or any other ad as aforcfaid, is provided.	•

XIX.	And be it ena&ed, That this ad (hall continue and be Continuance

in force, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight01 a * hundred and eight.	*

XX.	And be it further enaded. That this ad may be altered,

varied, or repealed during this prefent fefiionof parliament. repealed this

feliion.

CAP. XCV.

An all to facilitate the trade and intercqurfe between Ireland and the united fates pf America, during the continuance of the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation between his Maiefty and the faid fates.—[July 2, i8oi.]

WHEREAS it is expedient ihat certain regulations Jbould be Preamble.

made to facilitate trade and intercourfe between that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, and the unitedfates of America, and to regulate the fame agreeably to the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, fubfifling between his Majefy and the faid fates $ be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the a3vice and corifent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it American (hall and may be lawful to import into Ireland, diredly from any of the territories of the united ftates of America, in fhips or vef- thc fels of the built of the faid united kingdom, owned, navigated, ted ftates into and regiftercd according to law, or in (hips built in any country Ireland, in belonging to the united ftates of America, or in (hips taken by of this *' any (hip or veflel of war belonging to the government, or any j^ngcUmi, or of the inhabitants of the linked States, having commifiions or in American letters of marque, and reprizal from the government of the faid fldps, &c. United States, and condemned as lawful prize in any court Qf undtr certain, admiralty of the faid United States, of which condemnation proofrcg a ou* (hall- be given, to the fatisfattiop of the commiffioncrs of his Majefty’s revenues in Ireland, or any three or more of them, and owned by the fubjefts of any of the faid United States, and. -wh reof the mafter and three fourths of the mariners at leaft are fubjedls of the faid United States, any goods, wares, or merchandize, the growth, production, or' manufacture of the faid United '

States, which are not prohibited by law to be imported from foreign countries; and to enter and land (uch goods,- wares, and merchandize upon payment of the duties, and (ubjeCt to the conditions and regulations herein-after mentioned j any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary in anywife notwithfianding.

II. And be it enadfod, That all fuch goods, wares, and mer-chandize imported either in fuch (hips, or in (hips of the united kingdom, owned, navigated, and regiftered according payment of “	'	.	~	tothefemedu

ties as are payable on like goods imported in ▼eflfela of this kingdom from any

where thefe duties vary, on payment of the loweft.

2&t Anno regni quadrageftmo primo Giorgit III. c. 95. fitoi.

to law, (except fuch goods, wares, or merchandise as are hereinafter particularly deferibed), (hall and may be entered and landed upon payment of fuch duties, and no higher, as are payable on goods, wares, and merchandise of the like denomination or defeription, upon their importation into Ireland, in (hips of the odhirVieira ^ un‘le^ kingdom from any other foreign country, and in countrylor c*fes where different duties are impofed upon goods, wares and -* ~ merchandise of the like denomination or delcription, imported from different foreign countries, then, upon payment of the lowed duties, which hy law are required to be pa*d on the importation in (hips of the faid united kingdom, of any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize from any foreign country.

American pig IIK And be it enabled. That any pig iron, bar iron, pitch, tar, iron, &c-may turpentine, rofin, pot-alh, pearl-afh, mahogany, mads, yards, payment anc* b°w-fpr,ts» being °f the growth, produ&ion, or manufac-of the tame ture of theJaid Unit jd States •, and all (laves, and ali manufac-duties as arc tured goods and merchandize whatfoever which are not prohibited payable on the by law to be imported into Ireland from any foreign country, ditLsTmport- an<* may *mP®rte^ *nto Ireland in (hips of the faid united edia (hips of kingdom, or in American (hips, owned and navigated as herein -this kingdom, before deferibed, upon payment of fuch duties as are payable on when accom- the like goods, wares, and merchandize, when accompanied ther^uifite V9lt^i cerr^cates required by law, upon" their importation certificates, Into Ireland in (hips of the faid united kingdom, from any Bri-though not fo ti/h tfland or plantation lit* America, notwithftanding fuch goods, accompanied, wares, or merchandize may not be accompanied with the certi-The duties	ficates heretofore required by law.

«i imports- IV. Provided always, and be it enaded. That upon the im« to? ftiaH * portation into Ireland from the united ftates of America, of wheat, wheat meal, or flour, rye, barley, beer,'or bigg, oars, oatmeal, peafe, beans, Indian corn and maize, the duties to be paid thereon refpe&ively (hall be regulated and ascertained according to the prices or wheat, rye, barley, beer, or bigg, peafe, beans, oats, and oatmeal, in the manner fet forth and fpecified in an ad pafied in Ireland, in the thirty-firft year of his Ma-jefty’s reign, intituled. An afl for the increase of agriculture and commerce, by ejiablijbing a reciprocal preference in the corn trade be-American oil, tween this kingdom and Great Britain. *

&c. may befo y. And be it enaded. That all oil made from fi(h or crea-

paymait of tures living in the fea, ^nd blubber, whale .fins, and fpermaceti,

thl fame dU. being the produce of the fifheries carried on by the people of the

ties as on im- faid united ftates of America, may be imported into Ireland in

portation (hips of the faid united kingdom, or in American (hips owned

trieTn^be- an<* navigated as herein-before deferibed, upon payment of fuch

longing to his duties as are or may be payable on the like goods and merchant

Majefty, in dize upon their importation into Ireland in (hips of the faid

(hips of this united kingdom from countries not under the dominion of his kingdom. Majefty> 6

te^oco may^b* * ^ And be it enaded. That uny tobacco, Jbeing the growth fo imported ~ production of any of the territories of the faid united ftates of on payment America* may be imported in (hips of, the faid united kingdom, tfiiheJike or in American (hips owned and navigated as herein-before deferibed,

x ascertained according to £he prices in the Irifh aSt, ji Geo. 3. c.»6.

Soi*] Anno regni quadragefitno primo Georgii III. c. 95. 2S3:

:ribed, upon payment pf the fame duties as tobacco imported duties, as

ito Ireland by Britijh fubjefts from any Britijb colony or plan-

ation in America is or may hereafter be fubjedi to; and thar^^J^c^y

riuff, being the production and manufacture of any of the faid Britifh fub-

erritories, may be imported into Ireland in manner be fore-men- jc&s; and

ioned, upon payment of fuch. duties as fnuff, being the produc- fnuff on the

ion or manufacture of Europe imported from Europe, is or {^duties, ac

tereafter may be fubjedt to, and may be warehoufed and again fnuff of Euro-

xported ; fuch tobacco and fnuff to be fubjeCf refpeCtively never- pean produe-

helefs to all and Angular the regulations, reftriCtions, penalties, rion*.

ind forfeitures relating to the importation and exportation Subject to re-

hereof, or in any other refped relating thereto* of an a& made

md pafled in Ireland in the thiriy-feventh year of the reign of Geo, 3.

lis prefent Majefty; intituled, An act for regulating cmd extending &c.

the tobacco. trade, and for securing the duties payable upon the import

ond manufacture of tobacco: provided always. That fuch tobacco

{hall be accompanied with a majiifeft as by law required.

VII.	And be it enafied, That any rice, being the growth or American produdion of any of the territories of the united ftates of Pce America, which {ball be imported directly from thence into any ^ehbufed, , of the ports of Ireland in manner before-mentioned, may, upon on prefent the importer paying down in ready money,* the'duty of eight-payment of pence the hundred weight, being part of the duties now payable on the importation of rice, be landed and warehoufed, except as porter’s bond hereinafter provided, under the joint locks of his Majefty and tor payment the importer in fuch warehoufes as (hall be approved of for that Qf tne re-purpofe by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue in/r*-main*nS duty. land, or any three or more of them, or by the colle&or in the port into which fuch rice (hall be imported, upon the importer’9 own bond for payment of the remainder of the duties due and payable for fuch rice within eighteen months, according to the net weight and quantity of fuch rice at the time it (ball be fo landed.

VIIL Provided always. That upon the importation of any fuch rice into any port of Ireland, into which teas may lawfully jnto^uch be imported in the manner herein-beforc ex prefled, the importer parts of Ire-Ihail be at liherty to enter and land the fame, without payment fend where of any duty whatever, upon condition that fuch rice (hall warehoufed underlhe joint locks of his Majefty and the import- Without payers, in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes as {hall be approved oif for ment of any that purpofe by the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of duty, under them, or by the colle&or of the port where fuch rice (hall be imported ; and that the ftoreage and every expence attending 110n8* fuch warehoufing {hall be borne by the importers ; and that fuch Importer* importer or importers, or his or their known fertant, (hali, from time to time, at all feafonable hours as occafion may require, houfes. have free accefs to fuch warehoufes in the prefence of (ome proper officer of the cuftoms, for the purpofe of {kreening and ll'iilting the rice to prevent it receiving damage; and that if.any	~

rice {hall be fo imported from the territories of the faid United out'of wsue-StaUs into any of the poets above mentioned rcfpe&ively, and houses for

warehoufed home con- *

*84 Anno regni quadrageGmo primo Georgii III. c. 95. [1801.

warehoufed as aforefaid^ (hall be taken out of the warehoufes wherein the fame {hall be feeured under the joint locks of his Majefty, and rhe importers as aforefaid for home confumption, the full duties due and payable by law upon the importation of fuch rice into Ireland for home confumption, (hall previoufly to its being taken out of fuch warehoufes, be paid to the collector at the port where fuch rice (hall be fo warehoufed; but that fuch importer, if he intends to export fuch rice, {hall have the liberty to export the fame from fuch warehoufes refpedlively, under the fame regulations under which any goods may be exported by law, immediately before the paffing of this aft, without payment of any duty whatever, provided that the exportation of any rice to be warehoufed under the authority of this aft, be made within the/aid fpace of eighteen , months; but if not exported within that period, the full dudes payable by law (hall be paid for the fame, and not be afterwards drawn back; provided that if any rice warehoufed under the authority of this aft (hail remain in fuch warehoufe beyond the period of eighteen months, upon which the full duties payable by law (hall not have been paid,

aTunderltrifli t^lcn In ca^e» ^aine an<* may be ^or duties aft 37 Geo. in like manner, and under the fame rules, regulations and re-flriftions as any other goods are now direfted by law to be fold Tor the duties, and the produce applied in like manner as is direfted by thfc faid aft pafled in Ireland, in the thirty-feventh year of his Majefty's reign, intituled. An act for regulating and extending the tobacco trade, and for securing the duties payable upon the import and manafafture of tobacco.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing herein contained {hall be conftrued to prevent the importation of rice and other articles without payment of any duty whatever, by virtue of an aft palled in the prefent feffion of parliament,

ofthU feffion	aft	for making provifion for the entry and return

' voyages of certain flips, which may import rice or other grain from the East Indies ctnd to authorife the importation of rice dr other grain into Ireland, in flips coming direftly from the East Indies*

X.	And be it enafted. That all goods, wares, and merchandize fo imported into Ireland from thejinited ftates of America, (hall, upon the exportation thereof to any foreign country, be entitled to the fame drawbacks as are, or may hereafter be by

countV^and11 *aw a^owed uPon xexportation of goods, wares, and mer-goodsex- chandize of the like denomination and defeription, when ex* ported from ported from Ireland to any foreign country; and that there Ireland to (hall be allowed and paid the fame drawbacks and bounties on enti goods> wares> and merchandize exported from Ireland to any of tied to draw- the territories of the faid United States, as are or may hereafter backs and be allowed by law upon the exportation of goods, wares, or bounties. merchandize of the like denomination or defeription, to any of the iflands belonging to the crown of the faid uiftted kingdom in America.	-

S^on°of XL Artd bp h further ena<*ed> That 'here fhall be allowed Tcign hemp and paid the fame drawbacks upon the exportation from.Ireland liron from	.	of

fumption, fhall pay the full duties;

but may be exported duty free, under the fubfifting regulations, Within 18 months.

If duties be not paid on warehoufed rice in 18 months, it

3. c.,4*.

Aft (hall not prohibit the importation of rice. See. duty free, unde

Goods imported into Ireland from America, on exportation

i8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III, c. 9?. 285

>f any fort of foreign hemp or foreign iron to any Britijb colony Ireland to >r plantation in America, and to any of the territories of the faid America, inited ftates of America,, as are or may hereafter be allowed by aw, upon the exportation from Ireland of the like fort of hemp >r iron to other foreign parts.	1

XII.	And be it enacted. That the duties and drawbacks of Doties and :he duties for and in refpeft of. the feveral goods, wares, or merchandize by this aft impofed and allowed, {hall and may be ma„aged as managed, ascertained, raifed, collected, paid, recovered, and al- under former owed in fuch and the like manner, and in or by any or either of Irilh ads* the means, vtays, or methods, by which any former duties and drawbacks of duties upon goods, wares, or merchandize of the je£ to tj,c fame forts or kinds refpeftively, were or might be managed* conditions afcertained, raifed, collefted, paid, recovered, or allowed ; and and regula- . the goods, wares, or merchandize fo by this aft made liable to the payment of duties upon the importation thereof into Ireland,1 or fo entitled to drawback of duties on the exportation thereof from Ireland, or on any other account whatever, (hall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjeft and liable to every condition, regulation, rule, reftrifton, and forfeiture to which any goods, wares, or merchandize in general, and to every fpecial condition, rule, regulation, and forfeiture to which the like goods, wares, or merchandize refpeftively, were fubjeft and liable by any aft or afts of parliament in'force, in Ireland, on or immediately before the palling of this aft, refpefting any revenue arifing on the importation of goods, wares, or merchandize into Ireland, except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this aft; and every pain, penalty, line, and forfeiture for any-offence committed againft or in breach of any aft or afts of parliament in force in Ireland, on or immediately before the palling of this aft, made for securing the faid revenues of Ireland, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, powers, and direftions therein contained, unlefs where exprefslv altered by this aft, fhall and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpeftively applied, praftifed, and put in execution for and in refpeft of the duties and drawbacks hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner as if all fuch afts, claufes, provifions, powers, direftions, fines, penalties, or forfeitures were re-enafted in this aft.

XIII.	And be it enafted. That all monies arifing from the

duties payable by virtue of this aft, the neceflary charges of Mh confoli-raifing and accounting for the fame excepted, (hall from time to dated fupd. time be paid'into his Majefty’s exchequer of Ireland, and be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund of Ireland.

XIV.	And be it enafted. That this aft (hall continue in force Continuance:

fo long as the faid treaty between his Majefty and the united of aft during ftates of America fhall continue in force, and no longer; and may	•

be altered or varied by any aft of this feffion of parliament.

rica.

CAP.

*86 Anno regni quadragefitno priino Georg n III. c. 96. [1801.

CAP. XCVI.

An aSf for the better regulation of his Majefty* s prize* courts in th Weft Indies and America, and for giving a more fpeedy and effectual execution to the decrees of the lords commijftoners of appeals. —[July 2, 1801.]

Preamble* 117 HERE AS1 your Majefty has been pleafed, by a letter of lord VV Grenville, one of your MajeJly* s principal fecretaries ofjlote, bearing date the twentyfeconi day January one thoufand eight hundred and one, to dire51 the lords commijftoners of the aimirabj u revoke the commifftons of prize heretofore granted to the vice admirahj courts in the Weft Indies, except at Jamaica and Martinico: and whereas it is fit and may tend to the due adminiftration ofjuftite, that your MajeJly Jhould be enabled to make competent provifion for the feveral judges of vice admiralty courts in any two of the iflands in tht Weft Indies, and at Halifax in America; and that the proceedings of the faid courts, and the fees of the judges and other officers of the faid.courts Jhould be duly regulated; be it therefore ena<5ted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con* dent of the lords fpirrtual and temporal, and commons, in this His Majefty Pre^ent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of tbe fame, may, by order That from and after the paffing of this a St it ihall be lawful for in council, fix his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, by any order in council, to planes for fix and afeertain proper and adequate falaries for the faid judges vice admi- °f foe v'ce admiralty courts eftablilhed in any two of the iflands ralty courts *n foe Weft Indies, and like wife at Halifax in America, not exin the Weft ceeding the £um of two thdufand pounds per annum .for any one Indies, and at,0f fuch judges; and fuch (alary (hall be mued, payable, and paid Ami >“1 out of the confolidated fund of Great Britain. and b * letters And ** father ena&ed That it ihall be' lawful for his patent^may 'Majefty, by any letters patent under the great (cal of Great Bri-grant to \tainy to give and grant to any fuch judge upon his reiignation of any fuch *any fuch office, an annuity for the term of his life, not exceeding reflnati<m>n !°ne lh°Vifancl pounds, to be ifiued and payable, and paid out of an annuity’ foe confolidated fund; and fuch anuity fnall be charged and payable out cf*chargeable, and paid and payable in like manner in every refpett, Yheconfoli- .and under and fubjedt to fuch rples, regulations, provifion?, penalties, and forfeitures as are contained in an ad palled in the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An all fr the augmentation of the falaries of the judges of the courts in Weft-minder Hall, andalfo of the lords of fejfion, lords commijjioners of jufticiary, and barons of exchequer in Scotland, and for enabling bis Majefty to grant annuities to perfons in certain offices in the faid courts ^Weftminfter Hall, on their refignation of their refpe&ive offices: provided always, That no fuch annuity granted to .any fuch judge v^d, unlefs fhall be valid, unlefs fuch judge (hall have continued in one or have%minu- more °f foe faid offices for the period of fix years, or (hall be edjn office	affiided with fome permanent infirmity, difabling him from the

for 6 years, or due execution of his office, which ihall be diftin&ly recited in the faid grant.

do the duty. •	6	,If.	And

dated fund;

Ho fuch annuity to be valid, unlefs

**801.] Anno regni quadragefimoprimo Georgii III. c. 96. alfcy

III.	And be it'further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for his Hi*.Majefty Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, to eftabli(h rules and regula-

tions for the faid courts, and from time to time regulate the B]^ afU| fees to,be taken by the faid judges, and the other officers of the regulate the . faid courts, for all a£fs_ to be done therein, and to alter and fees to be amend fuch rules and regulations, and make any new table ortaJccn* tables of fees, as his faid Majefty, by and with the advice of his council, (hall deem fit.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed. That the profits and emoIu-Th* profits of merits of the faid judges (hall in no cafe exceed the fum of two jhallionfx-thoofand pounds to each or any or either of the faid judges in ceed a,oool. any one year, and (bin proportion for any part of a year, over per annum and above the falary of fuch judge by this a£t granted, and every ovcr hlsfala" fuch judge fhall keep a juft and true account of the fees and keep an pecuniary profits and emoluments received by him as fuch jijdge accountF

in each year, ending on die first day of January in each year, thereof, and and (hall, as foon after the faid first day of January as the fame tranfr^.it ** can be done, in every year tranfmit an account thereof to the conimjf-commiffioners of die navy, and (hail carry all fum and Anns of tionersof the money exceeding the faid fum. of two thousand pounds to the navy. ' account of the fucceeding year, or pay the fame or any part thereof to fuch perfon or perfons, and in fuch manner as to the faid commiffioners of the navy (hall feem fit, and they (hall for that purpofe direfl.

V.	And whereas it is expedient that the powers of the faid courts, and the execution of their proeeffes, Jhould be rendered more effectual

and eaffa be it therefore enacted, That each and every of the ^,c c0Jjj[*!L (aid courts, and the feveral and refpedlive judges and officers orersffipriztest thereof in any two of the i(lands in the Weft Indies and at Halt- See. the fame fa*y (hall have and may exercife over all prizes carried into any powers aaif of his Majefty’s colonies in the Weft Indies, including therein the Bahama and Bermuda iflands, and over all perfons in any way a^pMt of concerned therein, hnd in all matters and things relating thereto, the /Hand or all the powers and authorities, and (hall and may put in force colony where all the regulations, provifions, penalties, forfeitures, matters, ^uc^?“rU and things relating thereto, as if fuch prizes had been adually *** brought into any port of the ifland or cdlony where fuch vice admiralty court mall beheld; and as if the perfons concerned	*

therein were actually refident within fuch ifland or colony.

' 'VI. And be it further enaded, Thfct it (hall be lawful for the Theamrt* judges and other officers of the faid courts to iffue comoyflions, orders, decrees, attachments, and other procefles, to be exe- ^n%9 • cured in any other of his Majefty’s colonies or territorics in the executed in Weft Indies or America, including therein the Bahamas and Ber~ any other of muda iflands, for the examination of witnefles for the appraife- ^i8. Majefty'* ment and fale of captured property, or for any other purpofe of territorieTin legal adjudication; and all fuch commiifions, orders, decrees, the Weft attachments, and procefles, (hall be valid and effectual, and (hall Indies or be in full force, and be put in execution, in relation to all mat- America, See. ters and things cognizable by fuch courts, in every part of	.

Majefty's colonies, plantations, and territories in the Weft Indiet adjudication,

and and all *

(halt execute proceffes ifluing from fiich courts.

288 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Gboroii III. c. 96. [1801.

msrihals, &c.*and America* including therein the faid iflands of'Bahama and Bermuda, notwithftanding any law or laws of any fuch colonies, plantations, or territories to the contrary thereof; and all mar-(hals and deputy marlhals, or other officers executing procefTes of anv fimilar nature, or in default of any fuch being resident in any ifla'nd or colony, all officers executing any legal pfocciles, by whatever name or names any fuch officer (hall be called, fhall and are hereby required to execute the proceffes ifluing from the faid courts, and fhall be liable to fitch fines, penalties, forfeitures, or punifhments, for any contempt or any negledt in executing thereof, as any officer or office!s of fuch or> the like defeription are liable to for any negle&, and as if fuch court was eftablifhed and held in the ifiand, colony, or territory within which the fun&ions of any fuch officers are to be exercifed as aforefaid.

VII.	And whereas it is expedient that the. proceeds of property cap*

, awTifcment ture^ an* converted by fale, Jhould be fecured until final adjudication;

md fak is be it ena&ed, That in all cafes where a commiffion of appraife* ment and fale is granted by the judge of the vice admiralty court before. final fcntence, the proceeds of fuch fale fhall not remain in the hands of the captors or their agents, but (hall be brought into the regiftry of the court, and remain fubje£t to the further orders of the court till final fentejice.

VIII.	And whereas injury is frequently fufiained in the fak of captured property in remote parts of his Majefiy's dominions* where there are unsuitable markets for fuch fales; be it therefore ena&ed. That in cafe of any order for further proof made, by any court of vice admiralty, and the claimants thereof declining to take the property whereon fuch queftion (hall arife upon bail, it fhall be

confent of the lawful for the court before which iuch queftion (hall be depending, captors and w;th the confent of the captors and claimants, or their refpelHve agents, to direct fuch property to be fent to England, and there to be fold byconfignees, to be named by fuch parties as aforefaid, and the proceeds of fale to be forthwith depofited in the bank of t	England,	in the name of fuch coniignees, fubjed to the final ad-

u^eafojiably judication, the ex peaces of freight, infurance, and other charges withhoM 1 attending the tranfportation and fale of the property, to be a thek confent, charge .thereon; and in cafe it fhall appear to any fuch court pay t^at the Confent of the captors (hall in any fuch cafe be unrea-of the va^ueat ^ona^y withheld* the captors (hall (in cafe of reftitution) be the time of adjudged and made anfwerable, and fliall pay fuch fum as (hall be adjudged in any fuch court to be equal to the difference in value or the property at the time of fuch reftoration, and what would have been the produce thereof if it had beep fent for fale to England, fuch difference to be afeertained in fuch courts by fuch ways and means, and fuch evidence as to what fuch property would have fold for in Great Britain, t*.d as to the charges to which the fame would have been fubjedt, as fuch court (hall deem fatistadory for that purpofe.

IX* And be it further ena&ed, That if on any final fentence tSecourtmay or ai!judica,ioQ	court,	an appeal (hall be duly en-

7	tered,

Where a

I fale i

granted before final fentence, the proceeds (hall be brought into the regiftry of the court.

If claimants decline to take property on bad, the court, with

claimants, may direct it to be fent to England for fale; and if the captors

rrifcoration, and pf the produce if it bad been fent to England.

At requeft of

j 801.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Gsokgii III. 0.96. 289 tered* it (hall be lawful for the court from which fuch appeal dire& the fhall be made* at the requifition of the Appellant* tq direct the	to

property on which fuch fentence or adjudication (hall have taken Enalaadfor place* to be fent fa England for fale in like manner as herein- foie, and the before dire&ed* and the proceeds to be depofited in the bank to proceeds to be abide the decision of the lords commiffioners of appeal; or in	ia

cafe the property (hall have been converted by fale, the proceeds the proceeds thereof (hall be fent and depofited in like manner 5 add in cafe ofproperty any queltion or 'difficulty (hall arife refpe&ing any fuch property foldmay be lb or proceeds fent to England, either before, or after.any fuch ap~ peal* at any time after their arrival in England,, or refpe&ing the any difficulty fale or proceeds thereof, it (hall be competent for either the capT arife, the cap* tors or claimants thereof, or their refpsftf ve agents* upon notice tors or to the adverfe parties* or their agents* to apply by their proffer claimants or proffers to the high court of admiralty of the united king- Sheir^rodort dom of Great Britain and Ireland^ if before the appeal profecuted, to the high or afterwards to the lords commiffioners of appeal, for direc- court of ad^ tionsin regard to the fale or management of fuch property or royalty, or proceeds* and the laid high court of admiralty or lords com- commiffion* miflioners aforementioned refpeftively are hereby authorifed to ers of appeal give fuch order and dire&ion therein as the nature and circum- for their cumftances of the cafe may require, for the fecurity of the pro- dircSionf. perty or proceeds, or for the beneficial employment of the faid proceeds in government fecurities for the benefit of the parties who may ultimately be entitled, and to caufe fuch order and di-refttons to be enforced and put in execution* if the fame (hall be neceflary, by fuch and the like ways and means* and under and fubjeft to fuch penalties, forfeitures* regulations, and re-(trillions, as fuch court or lords commiffioners refpeftively may ufe or exercife, in relation to any property* or perfon or perfons* fubjeA to the jurifdiftion or controul of fuch court Qr lords* commiffioners refpefHvefy.

X.	And whereas great inconveniences have heretofore -arifen from delays in ferving the proceffes of tb? court of appeal for obtaining appearances and other interlocutory orders; be it therefore enabled*

That in* all cafes of captures by his Majefty’s (hips, a service in proceffes upon his NJajefty’s proffer (hall be deemed an efieftual service of the court upon the commander oTthe (hip making fuch capture; and that ofappeal, upon the taking out of all letters of marque, the owners of the (hips or veffels in refpefl whereof fuch letters of marque (hall pro&or Ihaft be granted* (hall nominate and regifter in the court granting oe deemed fuch letter of marque a proffer exercent in the court of appeal 5™“ “Pon in prize caufes, with power or revocation and fubftitution; and of aKuig's a service of procefs upon fuch proffer (hall be deemed an ef- ship; and it* feflual service upon the commander* owners* and fureties of the court privateers in all cafes where an appeal has been declared in the panting a court below within fourteen days after fentence; and in cafe any	the

privateer (hall proceed to adjudication againft any prifce in any owner of the other court than that from which the letters of marque (hall veffel (hall* have iflued for fuch privateer* ir fhall be neceflary that a proffer nominate a fhall be regiftered as aforesaid* together with tfie names of the ^vH^upon Yql, XLIJI.	U	owners	him (ball be

£90 Anno regniquadragefimo pricno Georgii 11*1. c. 96. £1S01.

deemed fcr- owners of and fureties for the faid privateer, before the ufual vice upon the m0nition is granted, upon which proftor in like manner the cr> service of the procefs of the court of appeal (hall be effectual: provided nev^erthefs, That his Majefty’s proftor, or any proftor HisMajefty’s nominated as aforefaid, (hall not be anfwerable for any damages nominate? * ar*fing to their parties refpe&ively, from no appearance being proftor, not given, in their behalf in the court of appeal, onlefs the proftor anfwerable fo nominated (hall have accepted fuch nomination by a writing fro^no^8 un<^cr h*s hand, and alfo unlefs the faid parties refpeftively (hall pearance*^" have fufficiently inftrufted their faid proftors to appear and being given, defend the appeals, unlefa intruded to'defend appeals.

What (hall be XI* And be it further enacted, That in all cafes where no deemed fuflS- appeal has been entered as aforefaid, a service of the procefs whereCnoCC* c^er uPon the commander of the King’s fh\p, or upon his reappeal has giftered agent in this kingdom, or upon his Majefty’s law officer been entered in the court below, or in cafes of captures made by privateers as aforefaid. Up0n the commander of the privateer, or upon either or any of the owners, or upon either of the fureties to the letters of maque, (hall be deemed a fufficient service upon the parties.

In proceed- XII. And be it further enacted, That in all proceedings had captifresby uP°n caP*urcs matte by any privateer, the owners (hall be prmteersthe deemed and coniidered parties to all and every part of fuch pro* owners to ceedings, and the faid owners, and likewife the fureties, (hall be be coniidered jointly and feverally liable to all ordersand decrees made therein | theysmdtae anc* ma<*e uPon t*lccn *efpe£kively, immediately after final fen- 1 fureties liable fence, without further perfonal fervice. upon the commander, or ' to decrees putting him in contempt by procefs of contumacy.	I

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That | fentence! nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to prevent any j Aft not to claimant or claimants in whofe favour a fentence of reftitution prevent a (hall have been palled, or (hall be hereafter palTed, from having claimant	the property claimed by him delivered to him or bail in the

from having manner fpecified and directed by an act, palled in the thirty-year of his prefent Majeftv, intituled. An a& for the en- I him as direft couragement of feamen, aud for the better and more'effectually man» ed by 33 Geo. ning his Majeflfs navy.

3.	c. 66.	XIV.	And	whereas	it	is expedient that the ntoftfpeedy and effectual

means Jhali be taken to enforce the execution of the orders and decrees Orders iflued of the lords commiffmers of appealbe it therefore enafted, That by the lords an interlocutory orders, final decrees, attachments, or other era^fappeal procefles iflued by the lords commiflioners of appeal to be exe-tobe execut- cuted in any of his Majefty’s plantations, may be tranfmitted to edinhis either of the faid vice admiralty courts in - which the caufe • Majefty’s originally depended \ and in refpeft to caufes already depending may betnmf- or which may have depended in any. other vice admiralty court mitted to in the Weft Indies, including therein the Bahama and Bermuda either of the iflands, before its funftions in matters of pripe (hall have been v|?e admi* revoked, then fuch order, decree, allotment, or other procefs r y courts. may fent t0 eitjjer 0f faid vjce admiralty courts, which the lords cbmmifiioners of appeal (hall direft, there to be regif-

• *	tcred

i8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo.GEORGii III. c. 97. 291

tered and carried into execution by the* faid court; which court, upon the fame being duly complied with, (hall tgke the fame meafures as if the faid order, decree, attachment, or other process* had originally iffued from the faid court.

XV.	Provided always and be it further ena&cd, That nothing Ad not to rein this a£fc contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to (brain hisMa* reftram his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, from iffuing or grant- from ing any cottimiflion of prize to. any other court or courts, or from ^mmiffion of making fuch further rules or directions relating to any courts of prize to any admiralty for the adjudication and condemnation of prize?, as by other courts,-his Majefty, his hei^s and fucceflbrs, with the advice of his or PJ*

their privy, council, (hall be thought neceflary or proper,	ruleswith

advice of his privy council.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That in cafe Such courts his Majefty (hould be pleafed to iflue any commiflion of prize to {ball be Albany other vice admiralty court in the Weft Indies Audi court (hall fc^eralesaad be fubjeft to the fame regulations, and (hall poflefs the fame au- poifefs the thorities and powers as are provided by this ad for the vice feme powers, admiralty courts in any two of the iilands in the Weft Indies and Provided by at Halifax.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed. That no perfon during the No judge to time he (hall hold the office of judge of any of the faid courts, a*, agent (hall, either by himfelf or by any perfon on his behalf or for his have a^iiu benefit, ad as agent for any prizes that may be captured from the tereft in any enemy, or (hall have any (hare or intereft diredly or indiredly in privateer,' or any privateer or letter of marque, or (ball be anywife concerned b« concerned in the care, management, or fuperintendance of any eftates in^y^jbues.0 any ifland in the weft Indies or .on the continent of America.

CAP. XCVII.

An ad to continue feveral laws relating to encouraging the fifheries carried on at Newfoundland and parts adjacent from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britifh dominions in Europe until the flrft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and three; to the further fupport and encouragement of the fifheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and two; to the making the port of Saint John’s, id the ifland of Antigua* a free port, until the tentn day of July qne thoufand eight hundred apd five; and to the permitting the importation of goods and commodities from countries in America, belonging to any foreign European fovereign or ftate, in neutral (hips, until the end ot the war, and fix months after the figning the definitive treaty of peace 5 for reviving and further continuing until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and fix, an act made in the twenty.ninth year of his late majesty King George the Second for granting a bounty upon certain fpecies of Britifh and lrifh lint ns exported, and taking off the duties on importation of foreign raw linen yards made of flax; for reviving and continuing until the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and two, and amending an act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth,	'

ye^rs of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the more etfcftual encou-ragement of the Britifh fifheries; and for making perpetual fo much of an act made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty as relates to afeertaining the ltrength of fpirits by Clark’s hydro* meter. —[July %\ 1801.]

So much of a6 Geo. 3. c. %6. for encouraging the Newfoundland fifheries &c. as relates to bounties continued to Jan. x, 3803, 26. Geo. 3, c. 41* for ,

U %	en*

292 Anno regniquadragentnoprimoGEORGUIII. c. 98,99. [1801.

encouragement of the Greenland Seas fifheiies, &c. and fo much of 29 Geo. 3. c. 53. as relates to thofc fiiherles continued to Dec* ^5, 1S02. So much of 33 Geo. 3* c. 50. as refpcftg the port of Saint John's in Antigua continued to July io, 1805. 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 34* for permitting the Importation of goods from America continued to the end of the war. See. 19 Geo. a. c. 15. for granting a bounty on Britiih and Irifh linens, &c. continued to June 24,1806. 30 Geo* 3. c. 100. for the encouragement of the Britiih fiiberies continued to April 3,1802. So much of 39 and 40'Geo.

3.	c. 85. as relates to the Ifle of Man, repealed, and thefifii curers refiding there (hall have the like bounties for herrings as fiib curers landing herrings in Great Britain. So much of 27 Geo. 3, c. 3r* as relates to afeertaining the ftrength of fpirits by Clarke’s hydrometer, Audi be perpetual*

c a p. xcvm.

An alt for defraying the charge of the pay and doathing of the militia of Ireland, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufcnd eight hundred and one.—[July 2,1801.]

Preamble.

cap. xerx.

An all for granting bounties* for taking and bringing fifb to the thief ^London and Weftminfter, ,and other places in the united kingdom.— [July 2* 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that every encouragement Jbould be given to the promoting a fupply of frejb jijb for the confiemptm of the inhabitants of London and Weftminfter, and other populous

The treafnry may grant bounties to , perfons bring

cities and towns: and whereas it will greatly conduce to promote fiub fupply, that the lords commiffioners of the treafury for the time being Jhould be empowered to grant bounties to perjons taking and bringing fuch fijh to market \ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent tna-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affirm-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this ad, it (hall be lawful for the lords commiffioners

_________ of bis Majefty’s treafury for the time being, or any thr^e or more

ing fifh to the of them, to give and grant but of the furplus of the monies grant-markets of ed iutheJaft feffion of parliament, for the purchafe of (tores of London, or of herrings, fuch premiums, fums of money, bounties to perfons pYacein'this ta^*ng and bringing fi(h to the markets of London, Wejlminfter, kingdom, and or any other city, town, or port in the united kingdom, and publiflitbe to make and publish rules and regulations in relation to the conditions taking and bringing to market fuch filh, /and to regulate the the fome fhall amount (uch bounties, and the terms and conditions upon which be paid, ire. the fame (hall be granted, and to caufe the fame to be paid in fuch fums, and at fuch times, and in fuch manner and proportions, and to annex fuch penalties and forfeitures for breach of any fuch rules, regulations, terms, and conditions, as (hall feetn to them bed fuit-ed to the promoting the beneficial purpofes of this alts and alfoto make any allowances, or apply any fuch fum or fums of money, as they-lhall think necefTary, in the paym ent of any expences incurred in the promoting and encouraging an increafe of the fupply of fifh* .Limitation of II. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no pre-bounty to be mium or bounty to the owner or owners of any one veflel, boat, pad. 4,. 0ther craft, mall exceed the fum of five hundred pounds$ and

pro-

i8oi.] Annoregni quadragefimoprimo GeOrgii III. c. roo. 293'

provided alfo, That fuch bounties, premiums, and other fums of moneys (hall not, in the whole, exceed the fum of thirty thou-fand pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That an account of the amount An account of fuch premiums, bounties, and fums of money expended under oftheboun-this a&9 and the quantities of fi(h, in refpeft whereof any fuch premiums or bounties (hall have been given, and the ports or places to which the fame (hall have been brought for fale, (hall p be prepared and laid before both houses of parliament, within fourteen days after the commencement of the next fefiion of par* li ament.

CAP, C,

An off to repeal the tax on falaries, profits of employments, fees, and penfions in Ireland, of perfons net refident in Ireland for a certain period.—[July 2, 1801.J

WHEREAS by an an pajfed in the parliament of Ireland, in the Preamble.

fortieth year of the reign of his prefent MajeJly, intituled. An act for granting for one year the feveral duties therein mention- iri(h aft, 40 ed, in lieu of all other duties payable on the articles therein fpeci- Geo. 3* fied during the faid term, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majefty’s colonies, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, a tax was granted to his Majefiy of four Jhillings out of every twenty Jhillings which any perfon having at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, and the twenty• fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one indufive, any /alary, profits of employments, fees or penfions in Ireland, unlefs futh perfon Jbould live and actually refide within Ireland for and during the the /pace of fix calendar months at leaf between the faid times: and whereas by an aft pajfed this fejfion ofparliament mtitulfd, An act for cap.17, of this continuing until the twenty-hfth day of March one thoufand eight feffion. hundred and two, certain afts of the laft fefiion of the parliament of Ireland for granting duties to his Majefty, the feveral duties, rates, and taxes granted by the faid first recited aft, except as therein mentioned are continued throughout Ireland from and offer the twenty-	»

fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two : and whereas it is expedient that the faid tax offour Jhillings, continued by the faid laft-recited aft, Jbould be no longer payable; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual, and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid lad-recited aft as continues the faid §0 mxic]x 0fre* tax offour (hillings out of every twenty (hillings which any perfon cited aft as having at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March one continues the thoufand eight hundred and one, and the twenty-fifth day ^popp'd on March one thoufand eight hundred and two, any falary, profits fthriea^&c. of employments, fees, or penfions in* Ireland, (hall receive unlets of perfons not fuch perfon (hould live and aftually reTide in Ireland for and du- rdident in Ire-ring the fpace of fix calendar months, between the fai*l periods,lan<* rcPeatcd (ball be end the fame is hereby repealed; and that all rules and

294 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III.c. iot. [1801

directions for afcertaining and securing the faid tax, and powers for enforcing the payment thereof contained in any ad of the parliament of Ireland, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed, fo far as the fame might be applicable to the duty hereby repealed, A& maybe IL And be it enadted, That this ad may be altered, varied, or altered or re- repealed by any ad to be paffed in this feffion of parliament, •toiled this

pealed t ieffton.

Preamble.

39 A 40 Geo.

3i 67.

All former Britifti adts, refpedting petitions to the houfe of commons, complaining of undue elec-

CAP. CL

An all for* regulating^ until the firfi day of- May one thoufand eight hundred and two, the trial of controverted elections or returns of members to ferve in the united parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that part of the united kingdom called Ireland ; and for regulating tke qualifications of members to ferve in the faid united parliament. — [July 2, 1801.]

WHEREAS by an aid made in the fefjion of parliament, held in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefeat Majejly intituled An a61 for the union of Great Britain and Ireland, it was amongjl other things enafted, That the faid kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland .Jhouldy upon the first day of January in the year of our Lord onethoufand eight hundred and one, and for ever after, ht united into one kingdom, by the name of The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the faid united kingdom Jhould be reprefented in one and the fame parliament) to be filed, The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that one hundred commoners Jhould be the number to fit and vote on tht part of Ireland in the houfe of commons of the parliament of the unhid kingdom; and that all quefions touching the eletlion of members to fit on the part ^Ireland in the houfe of commons of the united kingdom, Jhould be heard and decided 5 in the fame manner as quefions touching fuch elections in Great Britain then werey or at any time thereafter Jhould by law be heard and decided; fubjeft neverthdefs to fuch particular regulations in refpeft of Ireland, as, from local circumfancts, the parliament of the united kingdom might from time to *time deem expedient: be it therefore enadted by the King’s^ moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content' of the lords fpiritual and temporal, .and commons, in this prefent parliament affembJed, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the paffing. of this adV all and every the rules, regulations,, authorities, and powers heretofore given or preferibed bv any act or adts of the parliament of Great Britain, and in force at the time of the paffing of the faid adt for the union of Great Britain and Ireland, with refpedt to petitions

prefented to the houfe of commons, complaining of undue elec-tions or returns of members to ferve in parliament, or complaining

tions or returns, 6r of

theomiffion of-the omiffion or infufficiency of any fuch return, and with re-of retu^s^or t0	°f	perfons	defiring	to	oppofeany	right	of eledtion,

foroppofing f or any right of choofing, nominating, or appointing returning officers, which (hall have been deemed valid by the determination of any feledt committee of the houfe of commons, and with refpedt to the trial and determination of all fuch petitions by fuch feleit committees, Ihall be in full force and effect with refpedt to all

the right of eledtion, or the right of chooiing're.

iSoi.] AnnoregniquadragefimoprimoGEORGii lll. c. ioi. 295 uch petitions as (hall or may be hereafter from time to time prc- turning offi-ented to the houfe of commons of the parliament of the Paid £erj! ChtCX>tV jnited kingdom, complaining of undue elections or returns ofons'totlie members to ferve in parliament for any county, ftewartry, city, united parlia-sorough, cinque port, town, or place, in any part of the Paid uni- mcnt from ted kingdom, or of the omiffion or inefficiency of any fuch returns,	^tt V**

or from any perforr or perfons defiring to oppofe any fuch right of ele&ion, or of choofing, nominating or appointing returning officers in as full and ample a manner as if the fame rules, regulations, authorities and powers were herein repeated, and particularly and fpecifically ena&ed concerning the fame petitions, and the trial and determination thereof; except lo far as the fame are altered in and by this prefent adh

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That no petition complaining Petitions for of an undue eledlion or return for any county, city, borough, places in Ire-town, or place, in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland,

or of the omiffion or infufficiency of any fuch return, or from any ftancesto^01" perfon or perfons defiring to oppofe any right of election, or of which the pe-choofing, nominating, or appointing returning officers, in or for titioners in* any fuch county, city, borough, town or place, fhall be proceeded te?d t0 coupon by the houfe of commons, unlefs the fame (hall in addition	"

to the matters and things required by any aGt or afls now in force, alfo date the day pn which the poll doled, (if any fuch poll took place,) and alfo the day on which the Iheriff or other returning officer made his return, or being required fo to do, refufed or neg!e&ed to make fuch return; nor unlefs the fame petition (hall* alfo ftate all and every the feveral matters and things of and concerning which the petitioner or petitioners prefenting the fame is	,

or are defirous of complaining, and to which he or they purpofe or intend to call and examine witnelles and that no witnefs or witneffes (hall be called or examined by or on the behalf of fuch petitioner or petitioners, either by or before the fele& committee of the houfe of commons, to be chofen for the trial and determination of the merits of fuch petitions, dr by or before the com-miflioners to be ctiofen and appointed in Ireland' in manner hereinafter mentioned, to any matter or thing not contained or fet forth in fuch petitions.

III.	Andfor the avoiding the inconvevience and experibe which may in certain cafes arife by reafin of witneffes being brought from Ireland, to be per finally examined before committees of the houfe of commons; be

it ena&ed. That whenever a feleft committee of the houfe of Chairman of commons (hall at any time hereafter be appointed for the trial the fele& and determination of any petition, complaining of an undue elec- jrifh C°n tion or return of members to ferve in parliament for any county>eje^on may> city, borough, town or place, in that part of the united kingdom cal- on requeft of lea Ireland, or complaining of the omiffion or infufficiency of any either party fuch return, or from any perfon or perfons defiring to oppofe any right of eledion, or any right of choofing a returning officer or re- cierk of the turning officers,in or for fuch county, city, borough, town, or place, crown in Ire-it (hall and may be lawful to and for the chairman of the (aid feledt land tqappoinfc, committee, and he is hereby requited, upon the requeft and at the

v 4	defire,

Anno rcgni quadragelimo primo Geougii lit. c. ici. [i8bu

wibkcflfe^&c. defire,either of any petitioner or party fignin|;fuch petition, or of the and tfa?(liid ®ttin8 m«»ber, or of the returningofficer if complained again ft, or committee of any other party petitioned againft, or whpfe right to be clewed lhall thcrcup- or returned may be affeAed by the determination' of the (aid feleA on be diflblv- Committee, in the firfPinftance, and before the laid fele£t com-c *	tnittee	lhall	proceed	to	enquire	into	or	decide	u^mn the merits of

the faid petition, to iffue * warrant under the hand and feal of him the faid chairman, direAed to the clerk of the crown in Irelandf or his deputy, ordering and requiring him to nominate and appoint commiffioners, in fuch manner as is herein-after directed, for tbt purpofe of trying and examining all or any of the allegations, matters, and things mentioned and contained in the faid petition; and which warrant (hall be in the following form; (videlicet,)

4 To tbi clerk of tbi crown in Ireland, or bis deputy :

4 DY virtue of the powers in me veiled, by an ad palled in the IJ forty-firft year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled. An oft [here fet forth the title of this aSif.J 1 chairman of the feted committee of the houfe of commons, appointed to try the merits Of a petition from [here fetforth the name or names of tie petitioner or petitioners, and of the place to which the petition relates] Do hereby authorife and require you, or one of you, forthwith to proceed to nominate and appoint commiffioners for the purpofe of trying and examining all the allegations, matters, and things mentioned and contained in the laid petition [or otherwife Jlate the particular matters and things which are to be tried and examined by the faid commiffmers, and fay, being part of the allegations, matters, and things mentioned and contained in the ftid petition] in fuch manner and form as in the faid ad is particularly mentioned and direded. Given under my hand and feal at Wejlminfler, this	day of	.*

And the faid chairman lhall annex or caufe to be anexed to his faid warrant, a true copy of the petition which (hall have been referred to the faid feled committee; and the laid warrant (hall be conveyed tQ the faid clerk of the crown in Ireland, or bis deputy, rn the method ufed in conveying writs; and immediately upon the granting of £icb warrant, the laid chairman (hall report the proceedings of the faid committee to the houfe, and thereupon the faid feled committee (hall be diflolved, and (hall not proceed any further on the trial or determination of the petition in queftion: provided aIways,That if none of the parties imerefted as aforefeid, (hall require the chairman of the faid felect committee to ilTue fuch warrant, then and in fuch cafe the faid feleA committee (hall proceed to try the merits of the faid petition in the feme manner as controverted eleAions are tried for that part of the united kingdom called Great Britain.

Memtirrs of IV. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That in cafe no leleAcomtm't- other or further proceedings or bufinefs (hall be had of done by lyCfuch war^" or	felcA committee, than the ifluing of a warrant for

rant is iflued, the purpefes aforefaid by the chairman of the laid committee in (hail not be ex- manner aforefaid, no member of fuch feleA committee Audi bo

deemed

uwviuwu ki/ tiHTv ivwvu uii itiw iaiu wuiiiiimivv) tv	u/	uw	v

from ferving again on any .other fele<5t committee'to be ch the fame (effion for the trial of any petition refpe&ing the i and things oforefaid, or any of them.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That if fourteen days after the prefenting any ftich petition to the of commons, complaining of an undue eledion or return i county, city, bdrough, town, or place, in that part of the kingdom called. Ireland* or of the omiffion or infufficiency fuch return, or from any perfon or perfons defiring to opp< right of election, or of choofing, nominating, or appoint! turning officers in or for any fuch county, city, borough, or place, either of the parties petitioning or petitioned aga, whofe right to be elected or returned may be affeded by t of the faid petition,ihall apply to the faid houfe, praying t fpeaker of the faid houfe may ifiue his warrant to the faid <; the crown or his deputy, for the purpofe of appointing miffioners as afofefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for l: fpeaker, with the leave of the faid houfe, and he is hereby rifed and required to ifiue fuch warrant accordingly for tli pofr, in fuch manner and form as to him (hall Teem re : and that thereupon all fuch further and other proceedin; be had, as are herein-before and berein-afterdireded and; ed, in cafe of a warrant being iflifed by the chairman of an committee; and that fuch application to the houfe ihall be < a proceeding on the faid petition, within the true int: meaning of the fiatutes now in force for the regulating : of controverted eledions or returns'of members to fern Jiament, or any of them.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid clerk of th: in Ireland, or his deputy, (ball, immediately upon the n: the warrant of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, c i chairman of the faid committee, as the cafe may be, indor i fame the day and hour when the faid warrant was receiver and (hall, in the next number of the Dublin Gazette, wh be publiibed after the receipt of the faid warrant, give nc i he will at the crown office in the city of Dublin, at the one of the clock in the afternoon of a certain day to bi named in fuch notice (fuch day not being lefs than three : more than seven days diftant from the time of inferting tice) proceed to appoint fuch commiffioners for the ; aforefaid, in manner and according to the provifions ai < rions in and by this prefent a# provided and contained.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That at the day and appointed, in the prefence of the faid clerk of the crov i deputy, and alfo in the prefence of the petitioners, thei or agents, and of the fitting members, their coiinfel o and alfo in the prefence of all parties before the houfe o: interefts, or complaining or complained of on different ; or whofe right to be elected or returned may be aflfe<5U I determination of any feled committee on the petition in |

i

298 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 101. [1801. &c. norcoun- or their feveral and refpeflive counfel or agents, (or in the pre-cle&oi^lhall ^cncc ^uc*1	^ Parr*es» their counfel or agents, as (hall

be nominated then an<* there attend) the names of fix perfons each having an by each party, eftatk of freehold for his own life, or for fome greater eftate, and a lilt either in law or in equity, for his own ufe and benefit, of or in toe^hde^the an<^S> tenements or hereditaments, over and above what will fa-names lhail t»$fy anc* dear incumbrances tliat may affedt the fame lying 1* reduced to or being within that part of the united kingdom called Inland, of four.	the annual value of two hundred pounds, and having con fen ted

to become commiflioners, on being appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, and not being nor having been at the time of the election in queftion, entitled to vote for the'county^ city, borough, town, or place refpedting which the election or return complained of, or other fubjedt matter of the petition in queftion, arofeor happened, and not being nor having been, at the time of the ele&ion in queftion, (her iff of the county, or returning officer of the city, borough, town, or place, in or for which the Taid ele&ion, return, or other matter of the petition in queftion, arofe or happened, nor having been counfel at fuch election, (hall be delivered to the (aid clerk of the. crown, or his deputy* by or on behalf of each and every of the faid diftin& parties, or by or on behalf of fuch of them as fhall then and there attend by tftemfelves, their counfel, or agents; and a lift of the whole of fuch names fhall forthwith be made by the* faid clerk of the crown* or his deputy* and given by him to all the faid parties, their counfel or agents, or fuch of them as fhall be then and there prefent; and thereupon the faid parties, their counfel or agents, beginning on the part of the faid petitioners, (hall proceed alternately* or if there fhall be more than two parties before the houfe on diftind interefts, or complaining or complained of upon different grounds, or whofe right to be ele&ed or returned may be affe&ed by the determination of the faid feledt committee, the faid parties* their counfel or agents, (hall proceed fucceffively, as the cafe may require, to ftrike off the name of one of the faid perfons contained in the faid lift, until the number fhall be reduced to four, which (aid four perfons fhall, together with the barriftcr to be named and appointed in manner herein-after mentioned, be commiflioners for the purpofe of trying and examining all fuch matters and things as fhall be mentioned and contained in the warrant of the faid fpeaker, or of the faid chairman of the fele& committee of the houfe of commons, on the petition in queftion, for that pur-pofe dire&ed to the faid clerk of the crown* or his deputy, in manner herein-before mentioned: provided always. That if all the parties interefted fhall agree to deliver, and fhall deliver to the (aid clerk of the crown, or his deputy, a lift of four perfons fo qualified, and confenting as aforefaid, fuch lift being figned by all the faid parties interefted, fuch four perfons (ball be and become commiflioners for the purpofes aforefaid, as if the faid four perfons had been appointed in manner herein-before mentioned.

A barrifter VIII. And be it further enadted, That within three days next (hall be nomi- after tne appointment of the faid four commiflioners* all tho

parlies

t 801.] Anno regni quadragefimo pritno Georgii III. c. 101. 299

parties interefted in the faid petition, who fhall have appeared natedbyall t3efore the faid clerk of the crown or his deputy, and {hall have the parties^

I oined in appointing'the faid four commiffioners in manner afore- thdrSefoul? faid, (hall alfo join in nominating and appointing fome one bar- by the cleric* ■rider, of not lefs* than fix years ftanding, who {hall have been ofthecrdwn agreed upon by all the faid parties, to be one other commiffioner (not bein^a for the purpofes aforefaid, and to be chairman of the faid com- ^puty* ■nifiioners as herein-after mentioned, and who {hall have confented * fifth com-'to be fo nominated and appointed ; which nomination -and ap- miffioner and pointment of the faid parties, and confent of the faid barrifterj chairman of (hall belGgnified in writing under the hands of all the faid par- J*lon^° ties, and of the laid barrifter refpe&ively, and delivered to the faid clerk of the crown, or his deputy, at the crown office in the faid city of Dublin, between twelve and one of the clock in the afternoon on the third day exclufive from the day of appointing the * faid four commiffioners in manner aforefaid (or in cafe fuch day fhall be Sunday, Good Friday, or Chrijlms Day, then between the fame hours on the fucceeding day); and in cafe fuch nomination and appointment fhall not be fo delivered to the faid <jlerk of the crown, or his deputy, within the time aforefaid, then the faid clerk of the crown (not being a peer of the realm) or his deputy on the application of any of the faid parties interefted in the faid petition, fhall and may, and he is hereby required, authorifed, and empowered, at one of the clock in .the afternoon of the fourth day exclufive from the day of appointing the faid four com-mtifioners (or i'n cafe fuch day, fhall be Sunday, Good Friday, or Chrijlmas Day, then at the fame hour on the fucceeding day) at the crown office in the faid city of Dublin, to nominate and appoint any barrifter of fix years ftanding, and confenting as aforefaid, to be fuch one other commiflicner, and chairman of the faid commiffioners for the purpofes aforefaid.

IX.	Provided always and be it further enadted, That in cafes of h* petitions complaining of any return made by a returning office; or returning officers, or of the omiffion of fuch return, if more flowed to than one fuch petitio/i fhall have been preferred to the houfe ofjoin in nomi~ commons refpedting the fame return, or omiffion of a return, on noting com-diftindtinterefts, or complaining on different grounds, the return'- mifl'loncr8* ing officer,or officers, or the perfon appearing or afting for him or them, fhall not be entitled to deliver in any lift to the faid clerk of the crown or his deputy, nor to join with the petitioners in ftriking off from the lift to be made by the faid clerk of the crown, or his deputy in manner aforefaid, nor to join with the faid petitioners in nominating a barrifter to be a fifth commiffioner and chairman of the faid commiffioners in manner aforefaid,' unlefs the faid returning officer or officers fhall produce to the faid cferk of the crown, or his deputy, a certificate under the hand of the . clerk of the houfe of commons, which certificate the faid clerk of the houfe of commons is hereby authorifed and required to grant, that fuch returning officer or officers was or were permittted^to ftrike off from the lift of members of the Jboufe of commons drawn by lot, on the appointment of the fclcd committee of the

{aid * .

300 Anno regni quadragcfimo prime Georgii 1IL o ior. £t8oi.

laid houfe for the trial of the faid petition, or that the (aid houfe had determined, from the nature of the cafe, that the faid return-Tf ...	..	ing officer or officers (hould and ought to be fo entitled,

petitioners X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if within nor their one hour after the time (heed in purfuance of this aft, for the pur-counfel (hall pofe of proceeding to the appointment of fuch four coramUConeis XSaamin manner aforefaid, the petitioner or petitioners, or fome one or (hall not be more °f them who ftaM have figned any petition for the purpofes appointed; aforefaid, (hall not appear before the faid clerk of the crown or bis hutthe derk deputy, by himfelf or themfelves, or by his or their coimfel or fcaJlcttS™1 a8®nt8» then an<* m hich cafe the faid clerk of the crown or his to the fperter deputy ft all not proceed to the appointment of fufti four com-of the houfe miflioners, but (hall forthwith make and prepare a certificate that of commons fuch petition was not proceeded upon, and (hall tranfxnit the faid tion wm not" cert*®catc 1° the faid fpeaker of the houfe of commons, upon the procttdtd receipt of which certificate the faid fpeaker (hall report the fame upon*	to the houfe; and thereupon all orders of the faid houfe, and of

the faid feleft committee, refpefting the faid petition, (hall be difeharged, and fuch petition (hall not be any further proceeded upon in the manner direfted by this aft, or by any other aft or . afts now in force refpefting the fame s and the petitioner or petitioners fo neglefting to appear, (hall be held to have* made default in the recognizance or recognizances entered into by him or them on the prefenring of the petition, in the fame manner as if the petitioner or petitioners had neglefted to appear before the faid houfe, or before the feleft committee appointed for the trial of fuch petition.

*e5uJJat*°.ns XI. And be it further enacted* That, if within one hour after the Sfb^Sm ^ t‘mc & hxed in purfuance of this aft, for proceeding to the no party ap- appointment of commiffioners as aforefaid, the fitting member or pears to op. fitting members, or other party or parties oppofing the petition, P°fe.the	(hall not appear by himfelf or themfelves, or by his or their coun-

J**1 on#	fel or agents, thereupon for the purpofe of reducing the lift of

fuch names as (bail be delivered by or on behalf of any party or parties appearing before the laid clerk of the crown, or his deputy, to four, the place of a party oppofing the petition, (hall be Top-plied by the clerk of the crown or his deputy, who (hall as often as it (hall come to his turn, as supplying the place of the party oppofing the petition, to ftrike out a name, ftrike out that name which then (hall be first in the faid lift; and the fame method of reducing the faid lift to the number of four, (hall be followed whenever any party (hall waive his right of ftriking off names from the faid lift*

Asfoonasthe XII. And be it further enacted. That when and as foon as five five commif- commiffioners (hall be appointed in manner aforefaid, the faid fioners (hall clerk Qf the crown or his deputy (ball iffue his warrant to each of Xe^crkof * the commiffioners fo appointed, commanding and requiring him, the crown under the penalty of onothoufand pounds, to repair to the city, .(hall iflue his town, or place in or for which the eleftion or return complained warrant to 0f, or other fubieft matter of the petition, arofe, or happened, on n^eplace a day certain ta be named in the faid warrant, and which day ftall

xSoi.] Anno regni quadragefimoprimo Georgii III. c. ioi. 301 not be lefs tban seven days nor morethan fourteen days diftant of elcdion on from the day on which the faid commiffioners were appointed in ^^onadaT manner aforefaid; and in cafe any of the faid commiffioners (hall j^ed and * rvegledt or refufe to obey the iniundion of the faid warranty he or infert a copy they fo negleding or refufing fhall 'accordingly forfeit the faid fum pt the warrant of one thoufand pounds ; and the faid clerk of the crown or his deputy fhall, together with fuch warrant, alfo tranfmit to each of	a*

the laid commiflioners a copy of the faid warrant of the faid fpeaker of the houfe of commons, or of the chairman of the faid fe-le£fc committee, as the cafe may be, and of the petition in queftion; and the faid clerk of the crown, or his deputy, (hall alfo infert a copy of his faid warrant in the next number of the Dublin Gazette which fhall be published after his ifluing his faid warrant; and CWb ofthe each of the laid parties by or for whom the names in the faid lift fhall be fo ftruck off as afprefaid, (hall pay to the faid clerk of the ^ crown or his deputy, in full fatisfadion of his trouble ?nd attendance in the execution of this ad, the fum of ten pounds.

XIII. And be it further enaded, That on the day and at the At the time place appointed, between thehours of ten in the forenoon and four and place ap-an the afternoon, the (aid commiffioners (hall meet and open their panted,corn-court, or commence their proceedings, by appointing the ft^^mertand barriller fo nominated and appointed as aforefaid to be chairman bcfworn. of the faid commiffion, and by reading the faid warrant of the faid clerk of the crown or his deputy to them direded, and alfo the copy of the1 faid warrant of the faid fpeaker of the houfe of commons, or of the chairman pf the laid feled committee, as the cafe may be, direded to the faid clerk of the crown or his deputy, and allb the copy ofthe petition annexed to the faid laft mentioned warrant; and rife (aid commiffioners (hall, before further proceeding on the bufmefs of their faid commiffion, take and fuh-feribe die following oath; (th$t is to fay),

4 T" A. B. do fwear, That I will, without favour or affedion, or Form of oath.

A malice, and according to the beft of my (kill and knowledge Well and truly try and examine dll fuch matters and things as -fhall be brought before me, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and feal of the [fpeaker of the houfe of commons, *r, chairman of a feled committee of the houfe of commons, as the cafe may be] on a petition frprti [herefate the name or names of the petitioner or petiti-oners, and of the place to which the petition relates] and that I will in all things well and truly perform the duty of a commiffioner appointed to try the faid matters and things according to the rules, regulation?, and djrcdions contained in an ad pafled in the forty-* first year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled [here jet forth the title of this	and that I am qualified to ad as a cora-

milfioner according to the diredions of the faid ad.

‘ So help me GOD:’

Which oath the faid chairman of the faid commiffioners, having first taken and fubferibed the fame in the prefence of the reft of the faid commiffioners, is hereby authorifed and empowered to

ad<»

Commiflioners (hall fit daily, except in certain cafes.

No commif-fioner (ball

302 Annordgnlquadragefimoprimo Georgii III. c. 101. [1801.

adininifier to the other and others of them the faid commiffioners; and if any perfon (hall a£l as a com midi oner in the execution of this ad not being qualified, either by his eftate, or by his degree as a barrifter, in manner herein^before mentioned, every fuch perfon (ball for fuch offence forfeit and pay the Aim of one thorufand pounds; and the (aid commiflioners (hall At every day (Sundays, Chrijlmas Day, and Good Friday only excepted) from the hour of ten in the morning till four in the afternoon, and (hall never adjourn for a longer time than twenty-four hours, except in cafe of the death or continued abfence of one or more of the faid commiflioners, as herein-after provided, unlefs Sunday Chrijlmas Day, or Goad Friday (hall intervene; and in cafe of fuch intervention, every meeting, Atting, or adjournment (hall be within twenty-four hours from the time of appointing or fixing the fame, excluiive of fuch Sunday, Qmjlmas Day9 or God Friday.

XIV.	And be it further enaded. That no one of the faid five abfenVhimVelf, commiflioners (hall be allowed to abfent himfelf from the faid except in cafe daily fittings and meetings, except in cafes of fudden accident or of accident, neceflity, or in the cafe of illnefs; and that fuch cafes of fudden fitaefo ton°r acci<^cnt or neceflity (ball be made appear to the others of the •penaltyof ^ commiflioners by fads fpecially dated and verified upon the 500I. per day• oath of the faid commiflioner fo abfenting himfelf, and that fuch

illnefs (hall be certified to the others of the faid commiflioners, on the oath of a phyfician, which oaths (hall to made before one of his Majpfty’s juftices of the peace; and that any commif-fioner who (hall fo abfent himfelf without fuch lawful excufe, (hall, for every day on which he (hall fo abfent himfelf, forfeit and pay the fum of Ave hundred pounds.

XV,	And be it further enaded, That the faid commiflioners (hall never At until all the faid Ave commiflioners are mer, except in cafes where the abfence of a commiflioner is verifled upon oath as aforeiaid, and not then except with, the content of all

licouunu Parties; and in cafe all the faid commiflioners, or fuch number fionTrsllre, by as	(° confented to as afprefaid, (the faid chairman being

fuch abfence, always one) fhall not meet within one hour after the time to or by death, which the meeting of the faid commiflioners (hall have been reducedtolefs adjourned, a further adjournment (hall be made in the manner three fitting ^ef°re deeded, and fo from time to time until the faid Ave com-days, anew miflioners as aforefaid,, or fuch number as (hall be fo contented commiflioner to as aforefaid (the faid chairman being always one) are aflem-v- c b|ec) ,	in cafe the number of the faid commiflioners able

to attend, (hall at any time, by death or otherwife, be unavoidably reduced to lefs than five, and (hall fo continue for the fpace of three fitting days, the remaining commiflioners (hall thereupon adjourn until the new commiflioner to be appointed as herein-after mentioned (ball attend; and the faid clerk of the crown or his deputy (hall, from time to time as occafion may ‘require, on the application of any party interefted, and in the prefence of fuch of the parties as (hall attend, and on the production of an affidavit made before one juftice of the peace for

the

Tncafe of abfence of any one commif-fioner, the Others (hall adjourn; and if commif-

ihall be from time to time appointed.

Sox.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. ioi. 303

he county, city, town, or place, at or within which the faid ommiffioncrs (hall meet, of the death of any commiffioner, or •f the continued abfence of any commiffioner for the time afore-aid, immediately proceed to fill up fuch vacancy in manner ollowing; (that is to fay), in cafe the faid commiffioner fo tying or being abfent, (hall have been originally nominated by. my one of the parties interefted in the faid petition, then the 4 >arty by whom the faid commiffioner was fo originally nominated, hall deliver to th^faid clerk of the crown or'his deputy a lid of :hree perfons, qualified as aforefaid, from which lid the other party or parties intereded in the faid petition, or the clerk of the :rown or his deputy, on behalf of fuch other party or parties,

[hall ftrike ofF two, and the remaining one (hall be a commif-fioner for the purpofes aforefaid, in the room or dead of the commiffioner fo dying or being abfent as aforefaid; and in cafe the faid chairman of the faid commiffioners (hall happen to be the commiffioner dying or being abfent in manner aforefaid,' then the parties interefted in the faid petition (hall within three days, proceed to nominate and appoint one other bar-rifter, of not lefs than fix years (landing, to be a new commiffioner, and chairman of the faid commiffioners, or in their default, the faid clerk of the crown, (not being a peer of the realm) or his deputy, (hall nominate and appoint fuch barrifter, in the fame manner and form as is herein-bcfore direfted and appointed with refpeft to the nomination and appointment of the first or original chairman of the faid commiffioners; and the faid clerk of the crown or his deputy (hall iffiie his warrant to fuch commiffioner fo from time to time to be appointed, commanding and requiring him, under the penalty of one thoufand pounds, to repair to the place of meeting of the other commiffioners, on a day certain, to be named in the faid warrant, and which day (hall be not lefs than seven days nor more than fourteen days diftant from the day on which the faid commiffioner was appointed in manner aforefaid: and in cafe fuch commiffioner (hall negleft or refufe to obey the injunction of the faid warrant, he (hall accordingly forfeit the faid fum of one thoufand pounds; and fuch commiffioner fo from time to time to be appointed in the place or Head of any commiffioner dying or abfenting himfelf for the time aforefaid, (hall, in all refpefts have the fame power, jurif-diction, and authority, as the commiffioner in whofe place or (lead he (hall have been appointed in manner aforefaid, and (hall proceed conjointly with the other commiffioners to complete the A left number purpofes for which the faid commiffioners were originally ap- commiffion-pointed: provided always, That any number of commiffioners crSj (thechair-lefs than five (the faid chairman being always one) may execute man being all the purpofes of this aft, with the content of all parties one)> ®a7 interefted, arid which confent (hall be fpecially entered on the minutes of the proceedings of the faid commiffioners, and ligned parties kite* by the parties, their counfel or agents refpeftively.	retted.

XVI,	Provided always, and be it enafted. That if any commif- Commi/fion-fioner appointed by virtue of this aft (hall be prevented from m thall not

attending incur penalty

304 Anno regniqaadragefimoprimo Georgii III. c.ioi. [1801,

of toool* for attending at the day and place appointed in the warrant of the toon-attend- laid clerk of the crown, or his deputy, by Any fudden accident, ae^ent&encc*®ty» or Hlnefs, to be verified upon oath in manner herein-*	*	before directed with refpeCt to the abfence of either of the faid

commiflioners after proceeding on the faid commifiion, then and in fuch cafe a new commiflioner or commiflioners (hall be chofen and appointed in manner herein-before diredted ; and the com-miflioner or commiflioners, fo prevented fronj attending by fuch fudden accident, neceflity, or illnefs, {halt not be liable to the faid penalty of one thoufand pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding. mSflon^Tli XVII. And be it further enaCted, That the parties appearing proceed to try before the laid commiflioners (ball in the first place interchange and examine7 with each other, lifts of the names of all fuch votes and voters to the matters which either of the faid parties purpofe and intend to objeCt be-to fore the faid commiflioners,*and fl^all alfo interchange with each c *	other, copies of all particulars refpecting any right of voting, or

of choofing or nominating a returning officer, and of a'l fuch other matters and things as either of the faid parties means to infill upon, or to contend for, or to objeCt to before the faid commiflioners; and that the faid commiflioners, or the clerk of the Crown, or his deputy, previous to the first meeting of the faid commiflioners, by warrant under his hand and feal, (hail have power to fend for perfons, papers, and records*; and the faid commiflioners (hall examine all witnefies who (hall come before them upon oath, and (hall try and examine all matters referred to them, and (hall in all refpects have the fame powers and authorities for the trying and examining the faid matters fo referred to them, as feleCt committees of the houfe of commons on controverted elections now have for the trying and examining the matters and* things referred to fuch feleCt committees; and the faid commiflioners (hall appoint a clerk to take down in writing minutes of all the proceedings of them the faid commiflioners, and of all fuch evidence as (hall b.e given or produced before them, in as accurate a manner as the lame can poflibly be done, and (ball proceed in examining all and every witneis and wit-nefles who (hall come before them, and in determining on the ^ validity of any vote or votes, and in the ferutinizing the rights of any voter or voters, and in determining objections- to votes or voters, and in all other matters and things what foe ver referred ' to them, in the fame courfe and manner, and according to the fame rules, as feleCt committees of the houfe of commons on controverted elections ought and are empowered ro proceed in tike cafes; and the faid commiflioners (hall and may be' attended by two counfel, and no more, on behalf of each of the parties | appearing before them, and complaining or complained of on diftinCt grounds or interefts;'and the clerk appointed by the faid commiflioners (hall from time to time make or caufe to be made, | true copies of the minutes of all proceedings before the faid coffl-miffioners, and of all fuch evidence as (hall be given or produced before them; and (hall give one fuch copy to each of the parties

interefted,

jHdi.] Anno regni (Jtradragefiitiopfimo G&orgIt ill. c. loj. 395 interefted, or his dr their agent, or to fuch of them as (hall demand the fame, on being paid for each (heet of the faid copy, confifttng of feventy-two words, the fum of fixpence; and fuch commiffioners (hall relpedively certify in writing under their refpe&ive hands, their adjudication upon every vote to which any objection (hall be made before them, declaring the faid vote to be good or bad j’and within ten days after the evidence before the faid commiffioners (hall be clofed, touching the matters and things referred to them, the faid commiffioners (hall caufe two copies of the minutes of all their proceedings to be made, and (hall examine the fame with the faid minutes, and (hall fign and feal the faid copies ; and (hall alfo, under their hands and fea!£ certify the name or names of the perfon or perfons who (hall in . the opinion o.f the faid commiffioners refpedively appear to be duly ele&ed, and alfo their opinion, upon all fuch odier matters as lhall have been put in iflue before them upon the merits of the petition in queftion, and (hall tranfmit by their clerk one of the faid copies to the clerk of the crown, or his deputy, at the crown office in Dublin, and the other of the faid copies to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons of the parliament of the faid united kingdom, who (hall accordingly communicate the fame to the faid houfe; and thereupon fuch coinmiiTion (hall be diiTolved and determined.	\

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in ^	^

cafe, at any time in the courfe of the faid proceedings before tlic commiffion-faid Commiffibriers, any of the faid parties (hall tender or offer era may be to produce to the faid commiffioners, any witnefs or evidence to, tendered and of, or concerning any matter or thing whatfoever in iflue be-fore the faid commiffioners, which witnefs or evidence the faid commiffioners, or a majority of them, (hall be of opinion ought not to be examined, heard, or received, the faid commiffioners (hall ftate in writing the reafons and grounds upon which they have rejected the faid evidence, and enter the fame upon their proceedings; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the party tendering or offering to produce fuch witnefs or evidence, to require of the faid commiffioners that the faid witnefs or evidence (hall be examined, heard, and received by and before them; and the teftimony of fuch witnefs, or the purport of fuch evidence,

(hall accordingly be taken down in writing by the clerk to the faid commiffioners, feparately and apart from all other evidence before the laid commiffioners; and a copy thereof, with a ftate-ment of the purpofe to or for which the faid witnefs or evidence was produced, and by \vhom the fame was produced, (hall be figned and fealed by the faid commiffioners, in the nature of a bill of exceptions to evidence, and the fame (hall be tranfmitted by the faid commiffioners together with all the other proceedings before them, in manner herejn-before mentioned; and if .the' fried committee of the houfe of commons to whom the merits of the petition in queftion (hall be afterwards referred in qianner herein-after mentioned, (hall be of opinion that the tendering and offering of fuch witnefs or evidence was frivolous or vexa-

Vol. XL1II*	X	tious,	.

*

Ian

Tail

306 Annoregni quadragefuno primoGEORCii III.c. 101. [i8at.

tious; or that the teftimony of fuch witnefs, or the purport of fuch evidence, was impertinent or irrelevant‘to the matter in iflue before the faid commiflioners, the faid committee (hall report fuch their opinion to the houfe, together with their opinion on the other matters relating to the faid petition; and the party who (hall before the faid commiflioners have oppofed the cxa-mining, hearing, or receiving of fuch witnefs or evidence, (hall be entitled to recover, from the perfon or perfons who (hall have produced fuch witnefs or evidence, the full cofts and expences which fuch party or parties (hall have incurred in oppofing the ~ me, or by reafon of the fame being received in manner a fore-id ; which cods and expences fhall be afcertained and recovered in the fame manner and form as are now provided by law for the recovery of cods and expences in cafes of frivolous or vexatious petitions, or frivolous or vexatious oppofition to any petition:

bigs amTopi* XIX. And be it further enabled, That after the copy of the nionsof com- &*d proceedings, and certificate of the opinions of the faid com-miffionersfliall miflioners, (hall be received by the fpeaker of the houfe of combe laid before mons of the parliament of the united kingdom, a new fele# mittee dio&n comm^ttee	b* appointed by the faid houfe, within (even fitting

by the houfe ; days, to try the merits of the faid petition, in the fame manner, which com- and under the fame rules and regulations in all refpe&s, as all mittee (hall committees on controverted eledions are and ought to be ap-terminc on " P°*ntec* > and tjie faid new committee fhall accordingly take the the merits of' 1**4 proceedings and opinions of the faid commiflioners into con-({deration, and (ball proceed to try and determine the merits of the faid petition, in fuch and the fame manner as feledt committees on controverted ele&ions are by the laws now in force directed to proceed, try, and determine; fave and except that the referred to the faid new committee (hall not call for or receive any other or commiflion- further evidence, written or parole, refpe£Hng~ any matters or things which fhall have been tried and examined by the faid commiflioners in manner aforefaid, but the faid new committee (hall determine on all fuch matters and things, from the written minutes of the evidence and proceedings before the (aid commit fioners, and the certificates of the faid commiflioners, fo figned, fealed, and tranfmitted as aforefaid : provided always, That the faid new feleCt committee (hall and may be at liberty to hear coqnfei as to the effe& of the faid evidence and certificates, in like manner as they may do refpeCling any other matter in queftion before them; and that the faid certificates of the faid commiflioners (hall not be in any wife binding or conclufive upon the faid committee; but that the faid new fele& committee may, notwithftanding the fame, if they (half fee juft caufe, depart from, vary, or reverfe the conclufions drawn by the* faid commiflioners; or over-rule their faid certificates upon ail or any of (he matters fo certified by them ; and that the faid new felefl committee (hall report their own opinion to the houfe upon the whole merits of the faid election, or other matter of the faid petition.

the petition; but (hall not receive any new evidence as to matters

ers;

but may hear counfel, and ihall report their own opinion.

XX. And

l 8oi.] Alino r^ghiqUadragefimbprirhdGEORGn III. c. ioi. 307

‘XX. And be it further enacted, That the faid chairman of For payment the jf^id commiflioners Co to be appointed in manner aforefaid, mar^and clerk (halt immediately, upon the figning arid dealing two copies pf ^ com-,

the minutes of the proceedings before the faid comriiiflioners, miffioners. and the certificate of their opinions thereon,* in ’manner afore-faid, and upon producing a certificate, under the hands of the others of the faid commiffionejrs, that the faid chairman duly attended during the whole time of the execution of the faid commiflion, and of the amount of the travelling experices of fuch chairman, calculated as herein-after mentioned, be entitled to * demand and receive the fum of two hundred pounds for his ?t- . tendance upon the execution of the faid commiflion, together with the fum of twp guineas for every day which the faid chairman (hall have been, dr (hail be neceiiarily engaged in travelling from or to his lifual place of abode, to and from the place of meeting of the faid commifliQhers ; and alfo the fum of one (hilling for every mile which fuch chairman fliall fo travel, or (hall	'

have fo travelled ; and the clerk to the faid commiflioners (hall alfo, upon his tranfmitting the faid copies in manner aforefaid,	,

be entitled to demand „and receive, and fliall receive fuch fum or fums, for his attendance on the execution of the faid commif-fion, as the faid commiflioners/or any three of them, (hall, under their hands, certify'to be teafonable, not exceeding the.. .	.

amount of twenty (hillings for each day of nis attendance on the execution of the faid commiflion \ which faid federal fums fliall be paid to the faid chairman* and to the faid clerk refpeftively,'	*v

by the (everal parties interefted in the faid petition,' in equal parts, (hares, and proportions; and in cafe of non-payment by cither of them the faid parties, the faid chairman,, and the faid clerk, of either of them, (hall and may recover the fame reflectively, by aftion of debt againft any one of the faid parties, in any court of record within the faid united kingdom, in which aftion it- 'fliall be fufficient for the plaintiff to declare that the \ defendant or defendants is or are indebted to him (in the filrti mentioned in the certificate of the faid commiflioners, to the * faid chairman and clerk refpeftively) by virtue of this a<51; and the faid refpeftive certificates of the faid commiflioners (hall be f deemed fUIl and fufficient evidence in fupport of fuch aftion of debt: provided always. That in every fuch aftion of debt, no efloign, protection, privilege, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, (hail be allowed; and the party or parties in whofe favour judgement (hall ]be given in any luch aftion, fliall recover his or their cofts.

XXL And be it further enacted/’That all and every perfon Penalties of and perfons who (hall wilfully give falfe Evidence, or make any perjury on falfe oath or affidavit before the faid commiflioners, or before any high ftieriff or juftice of the peace, touching any matter or thing provided for by this aft, (hall be profecuted and indifted for the fame; and fuch perfon or perfons being convifted thereof, fliall be fubjeft and liable to the fame punifhments ahd disqualifications as pCrfonsf are fubjeft and liable to'for wilfdl —	x	2	arid

go8 Anno reguiquadrageGtnoprimo Geo kgii Ul.c. 101. [1801. Commiffion- aod corrupt perjury by the Jaws and ftatutes of this realm ; and1 ^Iwwar^*^ fo^l and may be lawful for the faid comtniffiooers, and na^ofum- they are hereby authorjfed and empowered, by warrant under jnon witnef- their hands and feals direded to any one or more conftaUe or ies, &c. conftables, or tq any other perfon or perfons fpecially appointed by fuch commiffioners, which perfon or perfons (hall in fuch cafe have all the powers and privileges of conftables for aod in the execution of fuch warrant, to fummon and require the attendance of any withers or witnefles, or other perfon or perfons before them at the day and place to'be mentioned in the faid WtndfcSfte. warrant; and that all and every perfon and perfons fo futnmooed pew orkbr?" or	*° appear or to give evidence, who (hall refufe to

eridcnccVpoi- appear, or appearing (hall rcmfe to be fworn pr give evidence nifltable by before the (aid commiffiopcrs fo to be appointed as aforefaid, indidmcnt. unlefs in cafes of reafonable gxpufe, fo be allowed of by the (aid commiffioners, (hall and may jbe profecuted and indidled for the fame in any court of record in tthat part of the fold united kingdom called Ireland; and fuch perfon or perfons being con-vided of fuch (aft-mentioned oflence, |hall be fubje££ and liable to fuch punKhment by fine or inhprirphtnent, or both,. as the faid court before whom fuch perfon or perfons ftiaB be tried and convided, (hall think proper to infii&»

Commiffion- XXII. And be it further enacted* That if any witnefe before ^t^f_^J*".fuch commiffioner (hall prevaricate, or (hall, other wife cnifbeiuvc varication," fo giving or refofing to give evidence, or if any perfon (hall be contempt, &c« guilty of apy contempt or tnifoehaviour whatsoever, of pr towards the (aid commiflioners while fitting and adiog ia the execution of their faid commiffion, the (aid commiflioners are hereby empowered, by a warrant under their hands sod foals, and directed to die gaoler of the comtnpn gaol of the cqunty or place in which the laid commiffioners (hall fit, to commit (udi perfon (not being a peer of the realm or a lord of parliament) to the cuftody of the (aid gaoler, without bail or mainprise, for any time not Exceeding fix calendar months.

39 & 40 Geo*	XXIII. And whereas it was in and by the faid aft far the wrim

(Article* iV.)	Great Britain and Ireland, among other things provided and

'	*'	enabled* That the qualifications in refpeft of property* oftbemembers

elected on the part of Ireland, to fit in the houfe of commons of the finited kingdom, Jhould he refpfftively the fame as were then provided by law in the cafes of elections for counties and cities and boroughs refpeftively, in that part of Great Britain called England, ualeji any other frovifion jhould thereafter be made in that rejpeft by aft of parliament of the united kingdom : and whereas, by an aft paffed sn the ninth year rfthe reign	kt$ majejly 2pgeen £nne, intituled^

$ Anne c, 5. An a& for focuring the freedom of parliament, by the farther qualifying the members to fit in the houfe of commons, it was * agnongfi. other things, enabled* That no perfon jhould be capaMe to fit or yote- qs a mender of the houfe of commons fur any county* city* borough, or cinque fort, within that part ofGxzot Britain called England,, the dominion of Wales, and town ^/ Berwick upon Tweed, who fimlf m\ have an tfifdh freehold or copyhold^ for bis I .0....................................  ",	ount

18oi.] Anno regni qtiadnigefimdprime Chough III. c. 101. 309

Own Ufe, or for feme greater eftate, either in law or equity, to and for bis own ufe and benefit, of or in lands,, tenements, and hereditaments, over and above what would fattsfy and cleat ad incumbrances that might effeft the fame, lying or bein£ within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, atid town of Berwick upon T weed, of the refetftive annual value therein limited: and whereas, by an aft pajfed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, intituled. An act to en- 33 Geo, a. force and render more effectual the laws relating to the qualifi- c* *°\ cation of members to fit in the houfe of commons, it was onafted. That every perfon (except as in the faid aft is excepted) who Jhould be elefted a member of the houfe of common!l, Jbould at the time ' and in the manner in the faid laji-recited aft dir efted, produce and deliver in to the clerkrf the faid houfe, at the table of the fend houfe, a paper or account Jtgned by fuch member, containing the names of the parijhes, townfbips, precinfts, and counties, in which the lanas, tenements, or hereditaments lay, whereby fitch member Jhould make out bis qualification, and Jhould elfe take and fubferibe the oath in the faid bft-recited aft mentioned and contained; be it therefore further cnafted* That the faid laft-rccited aft, and all matters ^^ended and things therein contained* (hall extend and be conftrued to to merabcr» extend to every perfon (except as in the faid laft-recited aft is eleftedtothe excepted) who, from and after* the palling of this prefent aft, united par-fhall be elefted a member of the houfe of* commons of the par-	Ire*

Uament of the faid united kingdom, for any county, city, borough, Wales, cinque port, town, or place, in that part of the laid united king* or Berwick, dom called England, or the dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in that part of the faid united kingdom Oua|jget(j00 called Ireland: and that it (hall be fufficient that the lands, tene- ftuate ments, or hereditaments, whereby fuch member (hall make out either in his qualification in manner by the laid laft-recited aft mentioned England, and difefted, (hail lie or be either within that part of the faid ^kor* united kingdom called England, or the dominion of Wales, or i^jand# town of Berwick upon TtOeed, or within that part of the faid united kingdom called Ireland; any thing in the faid laft-recited aft, or in the faid aft patted in thertinth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, to the Contrary nofwithftanding: provided always. That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be.conftrued to extend, to require any fuch qualification as aforefaid on the part of the member to be from time to time elefted and returned by the college of the holy trinity in Dublin j any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife hot-withftanding.,	'-bp

XXIV. And be it further enacted. That all pecuniary penal-ties in aij<J by this aft impofed, (hall and may be recovered ^ with full cofts of fuit, by any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the feme, by aftion of debt in any court of record in that part of tfie united kingdom called Inland, in which aftion it (hall be fufficient for the plaintiff or plaintiffs to declare that the defendant or defendants is or are indebted to him or them (to the amount of the. penalty fued for) by virtue of this aft * and in

x 3	which

310 AnnpregniguadragefimaprtmoGEORGullI.c. 102,103. [1801, which a&ion no eilbign, privilege, protection, or wager ofiaw, fhall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance.

Limitation of XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That action*. every indictment, information, or action, for any offence againft this act, or any forfeiture incurred under the fame, (hall be found, filed, or commenced within one year after the, coirimifiion of the faCt on which fuch indictment, information, or aCtibn fhall be grounded, or within fix months after the conclufion of the proceedings in the hpufe of commons relating to the petition on the trial of which fuch fad (hall have arifen.

, Continuance ^ XXVI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That lateatoc^n-	(ar	as	*lt	re^atcs	to	regulating	the trial of controverted

troverted	elections or"returns of members to ferve in the united parliament

elections in	of Great Britain and Ireland* for that part of the united king-

Ireland, to dom called Ireland* fhall be and continue in force from the paffing May 1, i*o*. thereof, until the first day of May one thoufand eight hundred find two, arid no longer.-

CAP. CII.

4n alt, to flay* until the twenty-fifth day of March on* thoufand eight hundred and two* proceedings in actions undir the Jlatute of Ktng Henry the Eighth, for abridging fpiritual perfqns from having pluralities, of livings, and from taking of fertns.— [July 2, iSoi.]

Preamble.	\ Y7 HERE AS many of the provifms of an alt made in the

%i Hen. 8.	V V twenty first year of the reign of his majesty King Henry the

u	Eighth* intituled* Spiritual perfons abridged from having plurali-

ties of livings, and from taking of ferms, et cetera, have been found inconvenient* and have given occafion to many vexatious profe-cutions* which it is expedient to prevent the further proceeding in at prefent; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaCted; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and coqfent of the lords fpiritual,and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and which fhall be after the paffing of this aCt,, It apd may be lawful for the commenced, defendant in any aCiion already commenced, or which fliall be Commenced, for any.penalty under the faid a£t, previous to the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and two, to apply to the court in which ,fuch ^Ction fhall be brought, during the fitting of fuch cpijrt, or to any judge of fuch court, during vacation for ftay of proceedings in fuch aCtion; and fuch court and fuch judge refpeCtively are hereby required to ftay fuch proceedings accordingly, until tfie fajd twenty-fitch day o( March..

Proceedings in actions already Com menced, or

for any penalty under recited a&, ihall, on application of the defendants. be ftayea till March 25, i8ox.

c a p. cur,

An act to empower his Majefty to regulate the trade and commerce to and from the ifle of Malta untti the 'figmng, a definitive treaty of peace* and from thence until fix weeks after the next meetinggf *	■>	parliament;

|Soi,] Anno regni quadragefitno prime Georgii III.c. 103. 311

;■ parliament5 and to declare the ijk' of Malta to be part of .Europe,—[July 2, 1801.]

ET7HEREAS the ijland of Malta, with the dependencies thereof Preamble. i-VV are now in the pojfejpon of Mi Majefty^ and it is expedient, tender the prefent circumjlantes, that the trade and commerce to and from the fame Jbould be regulated for a certain time in fuch manner as /hall feem proper to his Majefty^ by and with the advice of his privy council, notwithjlanding the fpecial provifions of any aft or afts of parliament that may be conjirued to affeft the fame\ be it therefore enabled by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tempbral, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the paffing of this Hi* Majefty ad, and until the figning a definitive treaty of peace, and from ®a)> or\ thence until fix weeks after the next meeting of parliament, it Slifce SSJ1^4 * (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, by and with the advice regulations of his privy council, by any order or orders to be iiTued from touching the time to time, to give fuch diredions and make fuch regulations V^de5??n<i touching the trade and commerce to and from the faid ifle and fl™!? appear** the dependencies thereof, as to his Majefty in council (hall ap- expedient, pear meft expedient and falutary, any thing contained in an ad pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the encouraging and in-creajing of Jhipping and navigation; or in an ad pafled in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of his majesty King William the Third, intituled, An act for preventing frauds and regulating obufes in the plantation trade \ or any other ad or ads of parliament now in force relating to his Majefty’s colonies and plantations, or any other ad or ads of parliament, law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enadea. That if any goods, wares, or Goods im-merchandize whatever (hall be imported into, or exported from, P°rted or ex-any place or places, parr of the (aid ifland or its dependencies, £3^^

or fhall be exported from any part of his Majefty's dominions fuch order tn

to any of the faid places, or if any goods, wares, or nterchan- council, (hall

dize (hall be fo imported or exported in any manner whatever, he forfeited, .*

contrary to any fuch order or orders of his Majefty it> council,

the fame “(hall be forfeited, together with the (hip or veflelin

which fiich goods, wares, or merchandize (hall refpedively be

imported or exported, withall her guns, ammunition, furniture, t ‘

tackle, and apparel 5 and every fuch forfeiture (ball and may be

fued for, profe'clited, and recovered by fuch and the like ways, . • <

means, and methods, as iany forfeiture incurred by any law

receding the revenue of cuftoms may be fued for, profecuted,	;	-

and recovered in places where refpedively-the offences (hall be

committed; and the produce thereof (hall be difpofed of, paid, and

applied in like manner in the faid places refpedively; any law,

ufage, or cuftom to the contrary in anywife notwithftariding.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the faid ifland of Malta Malta (hall be

and dependencies thereof, fl&llbe deemed, taken, and* cohftrued deemed part"; r	’	■	x.+	/	t0	of	Europe.

Anporegni quadragefimo primo Georbii in. c. 104. [i8or.

to be part of Europe for all purpofes, and as to all matters and things whatever $ any law or laws, ufage or ciiftom, or aft or lifts, to the coptrary thereof notwithftanding.

CAP. CIV.

4* for indemnifying fucb perfons as have afled fence the twenty-fifth day ef March ene thoufemd ftven hundred and ninety-nine^ fer the prefervationof the publish peafty and feippreffeon of infur-re 3 ions and rebellion prevailing in feveral dijfriEts of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland,—[July 2, 1801.J.

WHEREAS a mofe daring and unnatural rebellion broke out in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, on the twenty-third day of May one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-eighty and feveral diftrifls within the fame have fence continued to be difeurbed by traiterous confpiraaes and infurre&ionSy whereby the perfons and properties of many of his Majejlys peaceable and loyal fuoje&s have been grievoujly injured, and many of them haw hfi their lives: and whereas feveral officers civil and military, and other per-font, in order to preferve the publick peace, the lives and properties of his Majeftfs peaceable and loyal fubjeSiSy and to fupprefs the jaii rebeltiont have apprehended feveral perfons fufpefted of being concerned in the faid infurreftions and reoeUiony without due authority required by lawy and have done divers other aEts in fuppreJJion.ef the fail infurreflions and rebellion not jujlifiable by law 4 which feveral a fit were fo much for the publick ferviccy and fo necejfary for the fuppreffion of fucb infurreElions and rebellion, that the perfons by whom they were iranfafttd ought to be indemnified; be it therefore .enafted by the King’s moft excellent jnajefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and con}-pignS) in this prefect parliament aflemhled, and by the authority of the fame, That all perfonal aftions and duts, all indiftments, * in/ormatiops, attachments, profecutions* and proceedings whatsoever, judgements and orders, if any be, againft fuch officers civil ojF military, pr other perfons as aforefaid, for or by teafon of any matter pr thing commanded, ordered, directed, pr done fince the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in order to fupprefs the faid infurreftions and rebellion, and fpr the prefervation of the publick peace in that ^ un?te- kingdom called Irelandy Shall be difeharged Ireland,nftiall raadc void^ and that every perfon by whom any fuch aft, be made void, ipatter, or t^ing fhall have been advifed, commanded, ordered, and fuch of- diredied, pr done for the purpofes aforefaid, fince the twenty-fifth day of March pne thopftnd seven hundred and ninety-nine, (ball be freed, acquitted, and indemnified, as well againft the King?s mof£ excellent majefty, his heirs andfucceffocs, as againft aU apd every other perfon and perfons whomsoever, ■

II.	And be it. further enacted, That if any pro fee ut ion, aftion,

_......... or fiiit, criminal or-civil, hath been or fhall be inftituted, com-

bTbrought, mepced, or-profecuted againft any perfon for any fuch aft, mat-haay plead the ter, or thing fo advifed, comtqqqded, ordered, dire&ed, or done,

All actions, Ac. againft civil or milir tary officers, or other perfon?, for any thing done fince March *5f i799>t0 fupprefs in-

ficers and per fons indeni-

Perfqns aaVinft'wbof actions fhall

tor the purpoles aforetaid, or any ot'tnem, in thatpaj united kingdom called Ireland, (ince the twenty-fifth Adiarcb one thoufand seven hundred and ninety-nine, h may (dead the general ilTue, and give this ad and thi matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in : adtion (hall become non-fuit, or forbear further profecu fuller difoontinuance, or if a verditS (hall be found agai plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall his, her, or their double cofts, for which he, (he, or tl have .the like remedy as in other cafes in which cofts a by law to defendants.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any a&ion, didtment, information, profecution, or other proceedi been or (hall be brought, commenced, preferred, exhil had in any court in that part of the united kingdom ca land, againft any perfon or, perfons, for or on accour fuch adt, matter, or thing as aforefaid, it (hall be lawfu defendant or defendants in any fuch adtion, fuit, ind information, profecution, or proceeding, or for any of i apply by motion, petition, or otherwife, in a fummar the court, in which the fame hath been or ftiall be commenced, preferred, exhibited, or had, or (hall be mg, if fuch court (hall be fitting, and if not fitting, the one of the judges or juftices of fuch court, to.ftayal proceedings in (uch adhon, fuit, indidtment, informati fecution, or proceeding; and fuch court or any judge : thereof, when the faid coart (hall not be fitting, is h: fpedively autborifed and required to examine the mattt application, and upon proof by the oath or affidavit o: fon or perfons making fuch application, or of any of l upon any other proof made to the fatisfadtion of fu: judge, or jitftice refpedtively, that fuch adtion, fuit, in: information, profecution, or proceeding refpedtively is commenced, preferred, exhibited, or had, for or on a<: any fuch adt, matter, or thing as aforefaid, to make for (laying execution, and all other proceedings in fu: fair, indidtment, information, profecution, or procei 'Whatever ftate the fame (hall or may refpedtively the. i although judgement (hall have been entered up of -given, or any writ of error or appeal (hall have been fc i made, or (hall be depending therein j and the court, or juftice making fuch order for (lay of proceedings, order unto the defendant-or defendants, and he, (hi. (hall refpedtively have and be entitled to double cofi i proceedings, as (hall have been had or carried on re!; in aoy fuch adlion, fuit, indictment, information, pr i or other proceeding, after the patting, of this adt; for w he, (he, or they refpedtively (hall have like remedy, : where cofts are by law given to defendants.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That i lawful fyr ^ny perfon or perfons being a party or pari.

314 Anno regni-quadragefimo primo GsotGii III. c. 105. [1801.

flaying pro- fuch aition, fuit, indi&n^ent, information* profecution, or other ceedings, proceeding, to apply by motion, petition, or otherwife in a mat > c. |uinmary way t0 tj)e cour* ;n v^hich the fame (hall hare been brought, commenced* preferred, exhibited, or had, or (hall be depending, to vacate, difeharge, or fet afide any order made as aforefaid, by anyjudge orjuftice of that court, for flaying proceedings, or for payment of cofts as aforefaid, fo as fuch application (hall be made within the first ten days on which fuch a court (hall fit next after the making of 2ny fuch order by any I judge or juftice' as aforefaid; and fuch court is hereby authorised j . and required to examine the matter of fuch application, and to • make fuch order therein as if the application had been made originally to the faid court; but neverthelefs and in the mean time, and until fuch application (hall be made to the faid court* and unlefs the faid court (hall think, fit to vacate, difeharge, fet afide, or reverfe fuch order, made by any judge or juftice as aforefaid, the fame (hall continue in full force to all intents and purpofes whatever.	^

CAP. CV.

4ft aft to author ife the judges to whom petitions for certain bids , Jhallbe referred, to examine witnejjis upon oath.—[July 2, 1801,]

preamble. X XTHEREAS it is expedient that the judges to whom any piti-y V tion for any bill concerning lands or hereditaments in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, or concerning landsy hereditaments, or other heritable fubjefts in that part of the uni fed: kingdom called Scotland, jball be referred by the lords spiritual and tempotal9 in parliament afcmb}ed> Jbould be authorifed to adminifier an oath to all fuch witnejjfes as may be examined before tbemy touching the matter of fuch petition ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it ihay be enabled, and be it ena&ed by the King’s mpft excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-. tual and temporal, and commons, in this preterit parliament S^oflald or	and	by	the’	authority	of	the fame. That it (hall be

Ireland to lawful for any one or more of the faid judges of that part of the whom hills united kingdom called Scotland> to whom any petition for any refpedting bill concerning lands, hereditaments, or other heritable fubjeds in that, part of the turned kingdom .calledScotland^ (hall be re-thehoufe of ferfcd by the lords fpiritual and temporal, in parliament aflembled, lords, may and for any one or more of the judges of that part of the united examine wit- kingdom called Ireland, to whom any fuch petition concerning asif^(worn at* ^anc^s or other hereditaments in that part ofthe united kingdom the bar of called Ireland, /hall be referred as aforefaid, to examine upon thathoufe. oath alt fuch witnefles as, (hall be produced before them, touching the matter of fuch petition and reference, and for that pur-pofe to adminifter an oath accordingly; and every oath which (hall be fo taken (hall be as available and effectual to all intents and purpofes, and every perfon who (ball take fuch oath (hall be. punilhqble for any falfe evidence he (hall give under fuch o|th, in the fame manner as if the faid oath had been adminif-

#	tercel	|

iw i,nw VfiKtbia iM&iug . i>ib Jctuxv at titc t/ai ui u

•lords.

CAP. CVI.

An act to fecure certain perfons born within the te\ . F ranee*, and other perfons therein defertbed, from u> for debts contracted in parts beyond the feas, other tha> j nions of his Majefiy.—[July 2, l8ox.J

WHEREAS divers perfom who were born in the a his late mojt chrijtian majefty^ or who having been i ' the dominions of the Kings mofi excellent majafiy, pafj dominions of his faid mojl ebri/tian majefly before they h the age of fifteen years > and who have quitted their refpi tries by reafon of the revolution or troubles in France, or , conquered by the arms ^France, have been and are liabl reftedy imprifonedy or held to bail by reafon of debts or t of aftion^contracted or etrifing in parts beyond the fea:y the dominions of his Majefiy, by reafon that fuch perfom of parents fubjefts of bis Majefiyy' and are hot aliens with intent and meaning of an aft pajfed in the thirty-eighth reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An ad- to conti the first day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred, aru end of the then next feffion of parliament, and am made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefer intituled, € An acl for eftablifhing regulations refped arriving in this kingdom, or refident therein in cm and whereas it is expedient that fuch perfons -fhould be ent privilege tin that aft contained, fo far as the fame rei debts or caufts of aftioh; may it therefore pleafe yoi that It may be enafled; and be it enadtedby the K excellent majefty, by and-with the advice and con Jords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this £ liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,-i and after the paffing of this adfc, all fuch perfons who In any of the countries fubjedt to his late moft chriftl Or whd having been born within the dominions of! inoft excellent majefty,4 palled into the dominions^1 tnoft chVifiian ‘majefty, under the age of fifteen yeari have bond fide refided in fuch countries, a$ fubjedt Jate moft chriftian majefty, although born of parent his Majefty or his predeceffors, who (ball have refpeflive countries by reafoft of any revolution orj :France, in countries conquered by the arms of Front be liable to be arrefted, imprifoned, or held to bail any caution* for their forthcoming or paying any debl taken in execution on any judgement, or by any by reafon of any debt or other caufe of adtion, a anting in any parts beyond the feas, other than thf of his Majefty, while fuch perfons were not within th)

of his Mafcftv; and in cafe any fuch perfon (hall l|

—f ‘ *	.....	"	.. .	21



£16 Annorcgni quadragcfimoprimo GeorgiiIILc. 107. [1801.

Hull be arrefted, imprifoned, or held to bail, or taken in execution on a judgement, or by any caption, contrary to the intent of this ad, fuch perfon (hall be difcharged therefrom by order of any of his Majefty’s courts of Weftnunfier Hall* or of the court of femon in Scotland^ or of bis Majefty’s four courts in Ireland* or of any judge of any fuch court in vacation time; any thing a any ac^or ads contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. CVIL

An a£f for thi farther encouragement of homing* in the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bf feeuring the copies and copyright of trinted books y to the authors of fucb books* or their ajfignsy for too time herein mentioned—[July 2, 1801.}

Preamble* TX THEREAS it is expedient that further protection Jbould be VV afforded to the authors rf books* and tie pur chafers of thi copies and copyright of the famcy in the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ; may it therefore pleafc your Majefty that it may be enaded \ and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Authors of majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-ppofo	tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament

aoTp^tedor a^mMed, and by the authority of the fame. That the author pubmhed, and of any book or books already compofed, and. not primed or pf books to published, and*the author of any book or books which (hall hereafter be compofed, and the affignee or affigns of fuch authors refpedively, {hall have the foie liberty of printing and re-printing foch book and books, for the term of fourteen years, to commence from the day of first publifhing the fame, and no longer; ^ .	and that if any other bookfeller, printer, or other perfon who-

£r ^years? ®£>cver> *n a,iy Paft of *be ^ united kingdom, or in any port boorauers, * of tb* Britijb dominions in JEuropCy (hall, from and after the paffing of this adt, print, re-print, or import, or (hail caufe to be printed, re-printed, or imported, any fuch book or boob, without the confent of the proprietor or proprietors of the copy-ti^Edropean right of and in fuch book or books first had and obtained in £oa»mons,	writing, figned in	the prefence of two or more credible wit*

who (haft	nefies, or, knowing the fame to be fo printed, re-printed, or

imported, without luch confent of fuch proprietor or proprietors, any (£ch *	{ball Tel), publifti,	or expofe to fale, or caufe to be fold, pub-

berck, without lifted, or expoied	to fale, or (hall have in his.or their pofleffion

fonftnt of the for (ale, any fuch book oje books, without fuch confent first had a— °btained as aforefaid, then fuch offender or offenders (hall * aflfion' fe liable to a fpeeial a&ion on the cafe at the fuit of thjp proprietor or proprietors of the copyright of fuch book or books fo unlawfully printed* re-printed, or- imported, or publiihed or expofed to fale, or being in the pofleffion of fuch offender or offenders for fajk as aforefaid, contrary to foe true intent and meaning of this ad; and every fuch proprietor and proprietors fhall and may, by arid in fuch fpeeial adtion upon the cafe to be

be hereafter compofed, and their af-Tigris, (ball have the foie right of

&c. in any past of the united king* dom, or Bri-

to an aftion lor damages, and (hall alfo forfeit the books to foe proprietor,

________________________________________

Wfagainft fuch offender or offenders in any court of reT

n»ft>rmer<- cojrd in that part pf the fald united kingdom} or of the BrJtiJb

4ominioot

i&>j'Anno regpi quadragefimoprime Geokcii III. c. 107. 317 dominions in Europe, in which the offence (hall be committed) ' recover fuch damages as die jury on the trial of foch a&ion, or on the execution of a writ of enquiry thereon, (hall give or aflefS) together wiih double cofts of fuit; in which adion no wager ot law, efloign,privilege, or protection, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allowed; and all and every fuch offender or offenders (hall alio forfeit fuch book or books, and all and every (heet and flieets being part of fuch bpok or books, and (hall deliver the feme to the. proprietor or proprietors'of the copyright of fuch book or b°pks, upon order or any court of record in which any adion or fuit, in law. or equity, (hall be commenced or profecuted by fuch proprietor or proprietors, to be made on motion of petition to the &id courtj and the faid proprietor or proprietors (h^U forthwith damafk or make wafte paper of die faid book or books, and (heet or (beets refpedively; and ajl and every inch offender or offenders (hall alfo forfeit the fum of three* r pence for every (heet which (hall be found in his or their cuftpdjr, either printed or printing, or publiftied or expofed to Tale, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, the one moiety thereof to die King’s an oft excellent majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceiTors, and the omer moiety thereof to any perfon or periods who (hall fue for the feme in any fuch court of record, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no wager of law, effoign, privilege, or prote&ion, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allowed: provided always. That after the expiration of Authors 0iafl the faid term of fourteen years, the right of printing or difpofing *|ave * of copses (hall retijrn. to the authors thereof if they &e then inking. 9 living, for another term of fourteen years.

II.	Provided alfo, aad.be.it further cpa&ed, That nothing in Ad (hall wot this ad contained Thai! extend, or be conffrued to extend, to alrea-any bpok or books heretofore competed, and printed or pub- ay publiftied, , lifoed in any part of {be faid united kingdom, nor to exempt or nor indemnify indemnify any perfon or perfons wbomfoever, from or againft ayainft penal-any penalties or aStons, to which he, toe, or they toall or may ^rsm™d^8 have become, or (hall or may hereafter be liable for or on ac- forcc at ^he count of the unlawfully printing, re-printing, or importing fuch uniooof book or books, or the felling, publiming, or expoiing the-fame

to fale, or the having the feme in his or their pofleffion for (ale, contrary to the laws and ftatutes in force refpeding the fame, at " ■ the time of the pafEng an ad in the fefliori of parliament of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign. of his prefent	n.

Majefty, intituled,. An a& for the union of Great Britain.

Ireland.	*' *

III.	And whereas authors, have heretofore bequeathed, given, or effighed,, and may hereafter bequeath, give, or affign, the copies or . copyrights of and in books compofed by them, to or in trufi for the college of the Holy Trinity ijf Dublin j .and, in and by their femoral wills or other jnftrumnt^ have directed or may direft, that the profits .arijing from the,printing or re-printing fuch books, JhaU ht

> applied Of - appropriated as a fund for . the advancement qf learning) and other, beneficial puepofti of,ehuccttum%.within the college afore-■	•	fan	i

Si8 Anno regni quad raged mo primo OeorgiiIII. c. 107. £i8ot.

fetid: and whereas fuch ufefiil purpofes will frequently be frufraltl, unlefs the foie right of printing dnd re printing of fuch'boobs* thi copies of which Jhall have been or Jhall be fo bequeathed* given* or cffigned as afor if aid* be prefervsd and fecured to the faid'college in Tnnity rol- perpetuity ; be it therefore further enadted, That theTaid college uSnforew	at their own printing prefs, within the faid college, have

have the foie	cvcr the f°l* liberty of printing and re-printing all fuch books

right of as Ibal! at any time heretofore have beep, or (not hay Trig been heretofore publifhed or affignfed) (hall at any time hereafter be orbequeathed bequeathed, or other wife given* or affigned by the Author or to them, un- authors of the fame refpedively, or the reprefentatiVfeS of fuch kfo they are author or authors, to. or in truft for the faid college for the pur-given, 4c. pofes aforefaid, unlefs the fame (hall have been bequeathed, time only £,ven» or a®gne(J* (hall hereafter be bequeathed, given, or affigned for any terni of years, or any other limited term; Penalty on any law or ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-Ending; anc* that if any printer, bookfeller, or other perfon books the whofoever, (hall, from and after the paffing of this ad, unlaw-fame as under fully print, re-print, or import, or tauie to be printed, re-printed, *• *•	or imported,, or, knowing the fame to be fo unlawfully printed,

re-printed, or imported, lhall felt, publifh, or expofe to fale, or caufe to be fold, publifhed, or expofed to fale, or have in his or their pofleffion for fate, any fuch laft-mentioned book or books, fuch offender and offenders (hall be fubje£t arid liable to the like actions, penalties, and forfeitures as are herein-before mentioned and contained with refped to offenders againft the To extend copyrights of authors and their affigns: provided never!helefs, only to books That nothing in this aft-(hall extend to grant any exclufive right cSlege prefs.6 t0 fa,d college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, otherwife than fo long as the books or copies belonging to the faid college, are and (hall be printed only at'the printing prefs of the faid college, within the faid college, and for the foie benefit and advantage ot the faid college; and that if the faid cdlege (ball delegate, grant, leafe, or fell the copyrights or exclufive rights of printing the hooks hereby granted, or any part thereof, or lhall allow, permit, or authorife any perfon or perfons, or bodies corporate, to print or re-print the fame, then the privilege hereby granted But the col- (hall become void and of no effe&, in the fame manner as if this tSirccT -	^ *ia<* not keen inack; but the faid college lhall nevertheless

ri^iu!°Py" have a right to fell fueh copies fo bequeathed or given as afote-faid, in like manner as any authbr or authors can or may lawfully do under the provifions of this a&, or any other a£t now in force. BookfeTlers, IV. Provided, alfo, and be it further enabled, That rto book-beiiaWeto*	Pr*nte,!> or other perfon whofoever, fhall be liable to the

the penalty of f*id penalty of three-pence per iheet, for or by reafon of the 3d. periheet, printing, re-prinring, importing, or felling of any fuch book or unlefs the ti- books, or tYk having the fame in his or their cuftcrdy for file, copvriSit be w^t^oUt content of theproprietor or proprietors'of the copy-entered by the T*ght thereof as afoVefaid, unlefs before thh time'of the publics-proprietor, tion fuch book'or books by the proprietor orx proprietors &c. at fUtion-thereof (other thah the"(hid college) tberight and* title of ftich

proprietor

2oi.] Anno regniquadragefimoprimoGEORGiiIII.c. 107. 319

roprietor or proprietors. (hall be duly entered in the regifter era’hall, Lon-00k of the company of ftationers in London, in fuch manner as 5 ***	-

ath been ufually heretofore done by the proprietors of copies prom-^etor nd copyrights in Great Britain; nor if the confent of fuch pro.- be fo entered, ►rietor or proprietors for the printing, re-printing, importing,

>r felling fuch book or books, (hall be in like manner entered ;	«

tor unlets the right and title of the faid college to the copyright >f fuch book or books as has or have been already bequeathed,

'iven, or afligned to the faid college, be entered in the faid	'	^

egifter book before, the twenty-ninth day of September one houfand eight hundred and one, and of all and every fuch book >r books as may or (hall hereafter be bequeathed, given, or ifligned as aforefaid, be entered in the faid regifter book within :he fpace of two months after any fuch bequeft, gift, or alignment (hall have come to the knowledge of the provoft of the faid college i for every of which feveral entries fixpence (hall be paid, and no more; which faid regifter book (hall at all times be kept at the hall of the faid company, and (hall and may at all feafonable and convenient times be reforted to and infpe&ed by any bookfeller, printer, or other perfon, for the purpol'es before mentioned, without any fee or reward ; and the clerk of the faid Clerk of the company of ftationers (hall, when and as often as thereunto re- c{^certifi^a^ quired,give a certificate under his hand of fuch entry or entries, fat^ofen-and for every fuch certificate may take a fee not exceeding fix- tries, and pence, and the faid clerk (hall alfo, without fee or reward, within make a half-fifteen days next after the thirty-firft day of December and the	fo

thirtieth day of June in each and every year, make or caufe to entered for be made, for the ufe of the faid college, a lift of the titles of all the ufe of fuch books, the copyright to which (hall have been fo entered in Trinity col-the courfe of the half year immediately preceding the faid thirty-firft day of December and the thirtieth day of June refpe&ively, and (hall upon demand deliver the faid lifts or caufe the fame to be delivered to any perfon or perfons duly autkorifed to receive the fame for and on behalf of the faid college.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That if the clerk ^”8c|®ric of the faid company of ftationers for the time being (hall refufe* make entries, or neglcd to regifter or make fuch entry or entries, or to give &c. parties fuch certificate or certificates, being thereunto rcfpeSively re- may give no-quired by the author or authors, proprietor or proprietors of fuch LondonGa-copies or copyrights, or by the perfon or perfons to whom fuch zttte> and the confent (hall be given, or by fome perfon on his or their behalf, clerk’fhaJl in the prefence of two or more credible witnefles, then fuch forfeit aol. party or parties fo refufed, notice being first duly given by ad-vertifement in the London Gazette, (hall have the like benefit as if fuch entry or entries, certificate-or certificates, had been duly made and given$ and the clerk fo refuting (hall, for any fact * offence, forfeit to the author or proprietor of fuch copy or copies,* or to the perfon or perfons to whom fuch confent (hall be given, the' funa of twenty pounds; or if the faid clerk (hall refufe or neglect to make the lift aforefaid, or to deliver the fame to any pertoii duly anthorifed to demand the fame cn behalf of the'faid

college^

at (Utkmeri ball, (hall be delivered there for tike ufe of the libraries of Trinity college, and the King's inns, Dublin*

$20 AnnoregniquadragcfimoprimoGeOSgii IILc* 107. [1801,

college, the faid clerk {hall alfo forfeit to the faid college the like futn of twenty pounds; which faid refpe&ive penalties (hail and may be recovered in any of his Maiefty’s courts of record in the faid united kingdom, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no wager of law, efloign, privilege, or prate&ion, nor more than one imparlance (hall be. allowed*

Two sdditi- VI. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That from and

bmkr»tered a^ter t^lc Pa®nS	in	addition to the nine copies now

required by law to be delivered to the warehoufc-keeper of the faid company of ftationers, of each and every book and books which (hall be entered in the regifter book of the faid company, one other copy (hall be in like manner delivered for the ufe of tHe library of the faid college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and alfo one other copy for the ufe of the library of the fociety of the King’s inns Dublin, by the printer or printers of all and every fuch book and books as {hall hereafter be printed and publifhed, and the title to the copyright whereof (hall be entered in the faid regifter book of the faid company; and that the faid college and the faid fociety {hall have the like remedies for enforcing the delivery of the faid copies, and that all proprietory bookfellers, and printers, and the warehoufe-keeper of the faid company, {hall be liable to the like penalties for making default in delivering the faid copies for the ufe of the faid college and the faid fociety, as are now in force with refpeft to the delivering or making default in delivering the nine copies now required 6y law to be delivered in manner aforefaid.

VII. And be it further enaded. That, from and after the paffing of this ad, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or per-Tons whomfoever to import or bring into any part of the faid united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for fale, any printed fele, any book hook or books, first compofed, written, or printed, and pub-fee, wfrlim the in any part of the faid united kingdom, and re-printed in united king- any other country or place whatfoever; and if 'any perfon or perfons (hall import or bring, or caufe to be imported or brought for fale any fuch printed book or books into any part of the faid united kingdom, contrary to the true intent and meaning oftes ad, or (hall knowingly fell, publifh, or expofe to fale, or have in his or their poflefCon for fale, any fuch book or books, then every fuch book or books {hall be forfeited, and {hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of cuftoms or excite, and the fame {hall be forthwith made wafte paper; add all and every perfon and perfons fo offending, being duly corivi&ed thereof, {hall alfo, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, and double the value of each and every copy of fuch book or Books may be book which he, {he, or they {hall fo import or bring, or caufe tow o/cuf- to ke innported or brought into any part of the laid united king- I toms or ex-*	or ft*aN knowingly fell, publifh, or expofe to fale, or (hail I

cife, whpihatl caufe to be fold, published, or expofed to tele, or {hall have in be rewarded, his or their ppffeflion for fale, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a &; and the commiffioners of cuftoms in landy Scotland> and Ireland refpectively (in cafe the fame (ball be

No perfon (hall import into any part of the united kingdom, for

dom, and reprinted elfe-where. Penalty on importing, felling, or keeping for (ale, any fuch books, forfeiture thereof, and alfo 10I. and double the value'.

lioners of excife in England> Scotland, and Ireland ref fin cafe the fame (hall be feized by any officer or officers c £ha!l alfo reward the officer or officers who (hall feize ar which fhall be fo made wafte paper of, with fuch fum oi money as they the faid refpedtive commiffioners fhall i not exceeding the value of fuch books; fuch reward ref] to be paid'by the faid refpcdlivecommiffioners, out of an in their hands refpedtively arifing from the duties of cuft excife: provided, That no perfon or perfons fhall be any of the laft mentioned penalties or forfeitures, for or 1 or means of the importation of any book or books whicl been printed or re-printed in fome part of the faid unit dom, within twenty years next before the fame fhall be ii: or of any book or books re-printed abroad, and infertec other books or tradts to be fold therewith in any colledtic the greateft part of fuch colledtion fhall have been first c or written abroad.

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That if any adlio; {hall be commenced or brought againft any perfon or whomfoever, for doingor caufing to be done any thing fuance of this adt, the defendants in fuch adlion may j general ifTue, and give the fpecial matter in Evidence upon fuch adlion a verdidl fhall be given for the defer the plaintiff become nonfuited, or difeontinue his adti: the defendant fhall have arid recover his full coils, for ^ (hall have the fame remedy as a defendant in any cafi hath; and that all adtions, fuits, bills, indidtments, <: mations, for any offence that fhall be committed againft (hall be brought, fued, and commenced within fix mor after fuch offence committed, or elfe the fame (hall be 1 of none effedt.

CAP. CVI1I.

An adt for enabling his Majefty to grant commiffions for execut I made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of 1 Majefty* intituled. An adt for the better prefervation of tim I new foreft in the county of Southampton, and for afeert; boundaries of the faid foreft and of the lands of the crown 1 i fame.—[July a, 1801 ]

His Majefty may iflue a commifiion under the great feal appoin Templeman, efquire, to be a commiflioner in the room of I Bond, efquire, to put in execution adt 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 86 of the death or refignation of any commiflioner under the fc i Majefty may ifTue a commifiion appointing another.

CAP. C1X.

An a£i for conciliating in one a£l certain provifiom ufuatly ! aits of inclofure ; andfor facilitating the mode of previ, veral fads ufually required on the paffmg of fuch ails.— | 1801.J

Voi. XLIII.	Y

WHi

%%% Annoregniquadragelimo primo Georgii III, c, 109. [1801.

Preamble. TT7HEREAS, in trier to dimimjh the expence attending the

V V pajftng of offs of intlojute* it is expedient that certain daujes

njualiy containedin fitch afts Joould be comprifed in one law, and ter-

tain regulations adoptedfor facilitating toe mode of proving the few■

ralfafts ujually required by parliament on the pajfmg rffitch afts\

may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that* it may be enaded;

and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and

with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

Nooerfon and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the

* authority of the fame. That no perfon (hall be capable of a&ing

undCTaiwDfu- 815 a commiffioner in the execution of any of the powers to be

ture ad for	given by any ad hereafter to be pafled for dividing, alloting, or

indoiing	inclofing any lands or grounds, except the power of figning and

fo^ice E*v*nS not*0® of the first meeting of the commiffioner or com-

JTSfmaeL niiffioners for executing any fuch aft, and of adminiftering the

ing and adrai- oathu or affirmation herein-after direded, until be (hall have

nittering an taken and fubferibed the oath or affirmation following: oath, until

takSfriie1'* c T Am 5. do fwear [or9 being one. of the people called £>ua&ers, oath herein. X do folemnly affirm]. That I will faithfully, impartially, and mentioned, honeftly, according to the beft of my (kill and ability, execute and perform the leveral trufts, powers, and authorities veAed and repofed in me as a commiffioner, by virtue of an ad for [here infert the title of the aft] according to equity and good coo-fcience, and without favour or affedion, prejudice or partiality, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever.

So help me GOD.’

ftaths, and

appointment of new com-miffioners, to be inrolled with the award, and a copy of the inrolment admitted as evidence. Commifiion-ers declining to ad, to give hotice of luch intention to the other commiflion-ers; and none (hall purchalc any lands within any pa-rilh in which the inclofures are to be made, for a ihpitcdtimcv

Which oath or affirmation it (hall be lawful for any one of the commiffioners, where more than one (hall be appointed by any fuch ad, or any one juftice of the peace for the county within which the faid lands or grounds (hall be fituated, where only one commiffioner (hall be fo appointed, to adminifter, and they are hereby refpedively required to adminifler the fame; and the faid oath or affirmation, fo to be taken and fubferibed by each commiffioner, and alfo the appointment of every new commif-fioner, (hall be annexed-to and inrolled with the award of any commiffioner or commiffioners, and a copy of the inrolment thereof (hall be admitted as legal evidence.

II. And be it further enaded, That every perfon appointed a commiffioner in or by virtue of any fuch ad, who (hall refufe or decline to ad as fuch, (hall forthwith give notice in writing to the other commiffioner or commiffioners of his intention to refufe or decline ading as a commiffioner: provided always, That no fuch commiffioner (hall be capable of being a purchafcr of any part or parts of the lands, tenements, or hereditament* within any parifh in which the lands and grounds intended to be inclofed are fituate, either in his own name, or in the name or names of any perfon or perfons, until five years after the date | and execution of the award to be made by any fuch commif-hewer or commiffioners*	j

III. M I

i8oi.] Annorcgni quadragefimo prime Georgii III. c. 109. $z%.

III. And whereas difputes or doubts may arife, concerning the boun- ' dories of parijhesy manors, hamlets, or dsJiriSIs^ to be divided and in* clafed, and of parijbes^ manors, hamlets or diftritts, adjoining thereto; b$ it therefore enafted, That the commiffioner or commiffioners Commifljon-, appointed in or by virtue of any fuch aft (hall, and he or they ers (hall inis and are hereby authorifed and required, by examination of boundaries of Vvitnefles upon oath or affirmation (which oarh or affirmation pariihes, and any one of fuch commiffioners is hereby impowered to admini- ifnotfuffi'ci-fter), and by fuch other legal ways and means as he or they (hall chtiy afeer-think proper, to enquire into the boundaries of fuch feveral pa- them rithes, manors, hamlets, or diftrifts; arid in cafe it (hall appear to giving previ-* fuch comifkiffioner or commiffioners that the boundaries of the fame ous notice of frefpefti vely'are not then fufficiently afeertained and diftinguifhed, their intention fuch commiffioner or commiffioners (hall, and he or they is andto to °* are hereby authorifed and required to afeertain, fet our, determine, and fix the fame refpeftively; and after the faid boundaries (hall be lo afeertained, fet out, determined, and fixed, the fame (hall and are hereby declared to be, the boundaries of fuch pantiles, manors, hamlets, or diftrifts: provided always, That fuch commiffioners or commiffioners (before he or they proceed to afeertain and fet out thebouftdaries of fuch parithes, manors, hamlets, or diftrifts) (hall, and he or they is ahd are hereby required to give publick notice, by writing under his or their hands to be affixed on the moft publick doors of the churches of fuch parishes, and aifo by advettifement to be inferted in fome newfyaper to be named in such aft, and alfo by writing to be delivered to or left at the laft or ufual places of the abode of the refpeftive lord§ or ftewards of the lords of the manors in which the lands and grounds to be indofed (hall be (itUate, and of fuch adjoining manor or manors, ten*days at leaft before the time of fetting out . fuch boundaries, of his or their intention to afeertain, fet out,

* determine, and fix the fame refpeftivelyand fuch commiffioner Commiffiou' or commiffioners (hall, within one month after his or their af-ers (hall caufe certaining and fetting out the fame boundaries, caufe a deferfp- afdifl[cri?ti0‘,v tion thereof in writing to be delivered to or left at the places of tobedelivered abode of one of the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of to one of the the refpeftive parifhes, and alfo of fuch refpeftive lords or churchward-ftewards: provided always, That if any perfon or perfons inte- ens,&c.ofthe refted in the determination of the faid commiffioner or commif- riflie8f anJthe doners refptffting the faid boundaries, (hat! be diflatisfied with fuchdords of ma-determination, fuch perfon or perfons may appeal to the juftices nors or their of the peace afting in and for the county in which fuch lands Rewards, or grounds (hall be (ituate at any general quartet feffion of the Perfons difla-peace to be holden within four calendar months next after the to*?ie aforefaid publication’ of the faid boundaries, by delivering or Quarter fef-leaving fuch defeription as aforefeid, the party or parties making ions. filch appeal, giving eight days notice of fuch appeal and of the matter thereof in writing to the commiffioners; and the decifion ^cci^J2fl of the faid juftices therein (hall be final and condufive, end (hall ^finaL not be removed or removeable by Certiorari or any other writ

y 2	or

A furvey, admeafure

3^4 Anno regni quadragefimo prime Georgit III. c* 109* [13ot#

or proccfs whatfoever* into any of his MajeDy’s courts of record at	or	elfewhere.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That a true, exact, and particular furvey, admeasurement, plan, and valuation, of all the

luSvJuStioa	an<* gr<>Mnds to be divided, allotted, and inclofed by any

of the iands/	a»d	a^°	°f	the	meffiiages, cottages, orchards, gar-

&c. to be in- dens, homefteads, ancient inclofed lands and grounds, within clofed (hall be any fuch parifti or manor, (hall be made and reduced in writing, kent^h^th by fuch commiffioner or commiffioners, or by fuch other perfon or perfbns as he or they (hall nominate and appoint, as foon as era, which conveniently may be, tor the purpofes of fuch a&, and the num-thall be veri- ber of acres and deciitial parts of an acre, in ftatute meafure, ^ed by the contained in all the lands and grounds dire&ed or authorifed to mgthemi1 " he divided, allotted, and inclofed, and alfo in all the ancient in-clofed lands, grounds, and homefteads aforefaid, and of each and every proprietor’s diftind property in the,fame refpe&tvely, at the time of making fuch furvey and admeafurement, (hall be therein fet forth and fpeciiied; and that the faid furvey, admeafurement, plan, and valuation, (hall be kept by fuch com* miffioner or commiffioners 5 and the perfon or perfons who (hall make fuch furvey, admeafurement, plan, and valuation, (hall verify the fame upon oath nr affirmation, at any meeting to be held after the making thereof (which oath or affirmation the commiffioners, or any one of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to adminifter); and the proprietors and their refpec-tive agents, and all perfons interefted therein, (hall at all feafon-able times have liberty to perufe and in(pe& fuch admeafurement and plan only, and to take copies thereof and extracts therefrom refpe&ively.

V.	And be. it further ena&ed, That for furveying, admea-completedthe luring, and valuing all the faid lands and grounds, and for other lands may be the purpofes of fuch a&, it (hall be lawful for fuch commiffioner entered by the or commiffioners, every or any of them, or the perfon or perfons commi ion- to ^ app0jnted by him or them, to .make fuch furvey, admeafurement, plan, and valuation, together with their and every of their affiftants and fervants, at any time or times whatfoever, until fuch divilion (hall be completed, to enter, view, and examine* furvey and admeafure, all and every part of the lands and grounds intended to be divided and allotted, and alfo all the ancient inclofed lands, grounds, and homefteads, dire&ed to be

■	furveyed, and to do or caufe to be done any a& or thing necef-

ttr^meof ** f*ry *ot Putl*ng fuch a& ‘nto execution : provided always. That pafltag a&s znY maP or furvey made at the time of paffing any fuch adt, maybeufed, which (hall be tendered to fuch commiffioner or commiffioners, without mak- an(j which (hall be in his or their judgement, and to his or their if the^m**** fat^fa<^*on ajuft and true mapor furvey, pfor the purpofe • miffionerelhall °f carrying uich adl into execution, may be ufcd for. that pur-think fit. pofe, if the faid commiffioner or commiffioners (ball think fit, without any new map or furvey being made of fuch part of the lands and grounds, as (hall be comprifed in any fuch approved v mup or furvey as aforefaid.

VL And

Proprietors may mfpedt admeafure-ment8 and plans, pnd take copies. Until the di-vifion (hall be

commiftion ers* or any perfons jthey may appoint, to make fur-Veys, See.

1801.] Anno regni quadragefimo prime Geo eg n III. c. 109. 325 , •VI. And be it further ena&ed, That all perfonV, and bodies Claimants of corporate or politick, who (hall have or claim any common or fej^Yobe other right to or in any fuch lands fo to be inclofed, (hall de- inclofed, to liver or caufe to be delivered to fuch commiffioner or commif- deliver to the iioners, or one of them, at fome one of fuch meetings as the faid commiffioner or commi(Goners (hall appoint for the purpofe (or within fuch further time, if any, as the faid commiffioner be ex-or commiffioners lhall for fome fpecial reafon think proper to dudec^ which allow for that purpofe) an account or fchedule in writing, figned “*7. by them, or their refpe&ive hulbapds, guardians, truftees, com-mittees, or agents, of fuch their refjpediye rights or claims, and taken.P therein deferibe the lands and grounds, and the refpedive mef-fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in refped whereof they lhall refpeettvely claim to be entitled to any and which of fuch .rights in and upon the fame or any part thereof, with the name or names of the perfon or perfons then in the adual poflef-fion thereof, and the particular computed quantities of the fame refpedively, and of what nature and extent fuch right is, and alfo in what rights, and for what eftates and interefts they claim the fame refpe&ively, diftinguifhing the freehold from the copy* hold or leasehold; or on non-compliance therewith, every of them making default therein lhall, as far only as refpedls any claim fo negle&ed to be delivered, be totally barred and ex-* eluded of and from all right and title in or upon fuch lands fo to be divided refpe&ively, and of and from all benefit and ad- ‘ vantage in or to any lhare or allotment the/eof; all which faid claims or accounts lhall, at all feafonable times until after the execution of the faid award, be open to the infpedion and pe-rufal of all parties interefted or claiming to be interefted in the premifes, their refpe&ive agents or attornies, who may take copies thereof, of exrradts therefrom refpe&ively; and if any Obje<5Hons to perfon or perfons, or body politick or corporate interefted, claiming to be interefted in the premifes, lhall have any objec- the commit* tion to offer to aoy fuch account or claim, the particulars of Goners at or fuch objection lhall be reduced into writing, and itgned by them before the or their refpe&ive hu(bands, guardians, truftees, committees, ® or agents, and lhall be delivered to the faid commiffioner or [hat purpofe* commiffioners, at or before fome other meeting of fuch commif* or frail not be fioner or commiffioners, to be by him or them appointed for received, ex-that purpofe; and no fuch objection (hall afterwards be received, ^5* unleis for- fome legal di (ability or fpecial caufe to be allowed by cau e* the faid commiffioner or commiffioners.

VII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That nothing Cotn?J*?onu herein contained (hall authorife fuch commiffioner or commif- authorifed fioners to hear and determine any difference* or difpute which determine may arife, touching the right or title to any lands, tenements, difputes or hereditaments, but fuch commiffioner or commiffioners fhall touching „ affign and fet out the feveral allotments directed to be made unto the perfon or perfons, who, at the time of the divifion and affign the al-inclofure, {ball have the a&ual feifin or pofteftion of the lands, lotments to tenements, or hereditaments, in lieu or in right whereof fuch

Y 3	aUot-fioaoftb*

#

lands, in lieu allotment lhall be relpeftively made: provided aito, i nat no whereof made, difference or fuit, touching the title to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall impede or delay the commiffioner or commiflioners in the execution of the powers vefted in him or them, by virtue of any fuch a61; but the divifion or incloftire direfted to be made (hall be proceeded in, notwithftanding fuch difference or fuit.

Conumifion* VIII. And be jt further enacted, That fuch commiffioner or era before commiflioners (hall, and he or they is and are hereby aurhorifed ^lota^nts to afK* reclu^re^» m	place,	before	he or they proceed to

appoint^ub- raake any of the divifions and allotments direfted in and by any lick carnage fuch aft, to fet out and appoint the publick carriage roads and roads, and highways, through and over the lands fend grounds intended to ma*5^thereof	allotted, and inclofed, and to divert, turn, and ftop

to be depofited UP> any °f l^e roac*s mtra^S upon and over, all, or any part with their of the faid lands and grounds, as he or they flhall judge necef* clerk, and fary, fo as fuch roads and highways (hall be^ and remain thirty

thereof^ and ^eel w'^e at	anc* aS ^ame ^ out *n

appointa** direftions as (hall, upon the whole, appear to him or them moft

meeting, at commodious to the publick, and he or they are hereby further

' which, if any required to afeertain the fame by marks and bounds, and to

o?e& *the PrcParc a maP *n which fuch intended roads (hall be accurately

commiflion- * ^ ^own an^ deferibed, and to caufe the fame, being figned by

era, with a fuch commiffioner, if only one, or the major part of fuch com-

juftice of the miffioners, to be depofited with the clerk of the faid commif-

deVerm^e^the ^loner or commiffioners, for the infpeftion of all perfon s con-

matter!116 corned; and as foon as may be after fuch carriage roads (hall

have been fo fet out, and fuch map fo depofited, to give notice

in fome newspaper to be named in fuch bill, and atfo by affixing

the fame upon the church door of the parilh, in which any of

the lands fo to be inclofed (hall lie, of his or their having let out

fuch roads, and depofited fuch map, and alfo of the general lines

of fuch intended carriage roads, and to appoint in and by the

fame notice, a meeting to be held by the faid commiffioner or

commiflioners, at fome convenient place, in or near to the pari(h

or townfliip within which the faid inclofore is to be made, and

not fooner than three weeks from the date and publication of

fuch notice, at which meeting, it (hall and may be lawful, for

any perfon who may be injured or aggrieved by the fetting out

of fuch roads to attend; and if any fuch perfon (hall objeft to

the fetting out of the fame, then fuch commiffioner or commif-

fioners, together with any juftice or judices of peace, afting in

and for the divifion of the county in which fuch inclofure (hall

be made, and not being interefted in the fame, who may attend

fuch meeting, ftull hear and determine fuch objection, and the

objeftions of any other fuch perfon, to any alteration that the

faid commiffioner or commiflioners, together with fuch juftice

or juftices, may in confequence propofe to make, and (hall, and

he or they are hereby required, according to the beft of their

Ii'ttie con- judgement upon the whole, to order and finally direft how fu;h

-^tfioners/by carriage roads (hall be fet our, and either to confirm the faid

map,

i8oi.]-Anno regni quadragefimo primoGsoRGii III. c. 109. 327

or make fuch alterations therein as the cafe may require: *Qy till, ihall "provided always. That in cafe fuch commiffioner or commif* he empowered 1 (loners (hall by fuch bill be empowered to ftop up any old or	jtny

'accuftomed road, paffing or leading through any part of the old ihall not be .inclofures in fuch parim, townfhip, or place, the fame (hall in done without -no cafe be done without the concurrence and order of two °r<|5r °* iJuftices of the peace, adiing in and jor fuch di video, and not £nd which*’ interefted in the repair of fuch roads, and which order (hall be (hall be fubjeft fubjedt to an appeal to the quarter fvffions^ in like manner and to appejal to under the fame forms and reftridfcions is if the fame had been ^^#artcr originally made by fuch juftice as aforefaid.	*	f

IX.	And be it further ena&ed. That fuch carriage roads fo The carriage to be fet out as aforefaid, (ball be well and fufficienily fenced on T£aj?J both (ides, by fuch of the owners and proprietors of the lands {Jothfides by and grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and indofed, and fuch of the 7 within fuch time as fuch commiffioner or commiffioners (hall, land owners by any writing under his or their hands, diredl or appoint, and a8.lhe com? that it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons to fet up or jhall^irea ere& any gate acrofs any fuch carriage road, or to plant any and no perfon trees in or near to the nedges on the tides thereof, at a lefs fliall ere& any diftance from each other than fifty yards; and fuch commif- ?atc acr°ls fioner or commiffioners (ball, and he or they is and are hereby p^t any °r empowered and required, by writing under his or their hands, trees on the to nominate and appoint one or more furveyor or furveyors, fides, at lefs with or without’a falary, for the first forming and completing so yards fuch parts of the faid carriage roads as (hall be newly made, and nce* .. for-putting into complete repair fuch part qf the fame as (hall fionenTSSl" ' have been previoufly made, which falary (if any) and alfo the appoint fur-expence of forming, completing, and repairing fuch roads re- yeyors, and if fpedtively, over and above a-proportion of the ftatutfe duty on j?kh aiTalary, the roads fo to be repaired, (hall be raised in like manner as the ^ charges and expences of obtaining and paffing any fuch a<$, and pence of of carrying the fame into execution, (hall be thereby dire&ed to making the be raifed, and (hall be paid to fuch furveyor or furveyors on or ra»d,owand before the execution of the award of fuch commiffioner or com- ftatute duty, mi Hi oners; and in cafe the fame (hall be thereby provided to beihall be raised raifed by fale of any part of the lands fo to be divided and in- as other ex- * doled, that then fuch commiffioner or commiffioners (hall make a conditional rate upon the owners and proprietors pf the fame, {jtfore'eiacu-in cafe the produce of fuch fale (hould prove inefficient for the tioo of the purpofes aforefaid ; and fuch furveyor or furveyors (hall, and he award, or they is and are hereby dire&ed to be in all refpe&s fubjedt to Surveyors to the jurifdidtion and controul of the juftices of the peace adting b® fubjedt to in and for the county in which (uch roads (hall refpedtively lie, and (hall account to fuch juftices in like manner for all monies and (hall ac- * fo to be by him or them received and expended, and for the count to them re-payment of any furplus which may remain in his or their for modes hands to fuch perfons as (hall have been made liable to contri- rcccivc<1* bute thereto, according to the proportion fo as above afeertained by fuch commiffioner or commiffioners; and fuch juftices (ha(l Tuftices may h?ve the like poweft of levying any fuch rate as may by them ratc8*

>4	be

If furveyors neglect to complete roads within a limited time, they (hall forfeit aol. and the inhabitants fhall not be

at a fpecial frifions*

Commifllon-ers ihallap-point private roads, &c.

3*8 Anno regni quadragcfimo primo Georgii III. c. 109* [180$*

be thought neceflary for the purpofes aforefaid, according to the proportions previoufly afcertained by fuch commifEoner or com-xniffioners, as if fuch furveyor or furyeyors had been appointed under or by virtue of the general highway aft pafied in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; and in cafe fuch furveyor or furveyors fhall negleft to complete and repair fuch roads refpedtively within the fpace of two years after fuch awardf unlefs a further time, not exceeding one year, (hall for that purpofe be allowed by fuch juftices, and then within fuch further time, he or they (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, and the inhabitants at large of the parifl), townfhip, or place wherein fuch roads (hall be refpe&ively fituate, (hall be in no wife charged chargeable to or chargeable towards forming or repairing the faid roads re-Stated^ Jjjediyely, except: fuch proportion of fuch ftatute duty as afore-till declared to faid, till fuch time as the fame (ball, by fuch juttices in their be completed fpecial feflions, be declared to be' fully and fufficiently formed, completed, and repaired, from which rime, and for ever thereafter, the fame (hall be fupported and kept in repair by fuch perfons, and in like manner as the other publick roads within fuch parife, townlhip, or place, arc by law to be amended and kept in repair.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That fuch commifliQner or commifiioners fhall, and he or they is and are hereby empowered and required to fet out and appoint fuch private roads, bridleways, footways, ditches, drains, watercourfes, watering places, quarries, bridges, gates, (tiles, mounds, fences, banks, bounds, and land marks, in, over, upon, and through or by the Tides of the allotments to be made and fet out in purfuance of fuch a£t, as he or they (hall think requifite, giving fuch notice and fubjedt to fuch examination as to any private roads or paths, as are above required in the cafe of publick roads, and the fame fhall be made, and at all times for ever thereafter be fupported and kept in repair, by and. at the expence of the owners and proprietors for the time being of the lands and.grounds directed to be divided and inclofed, in fuch (hares and proportions as the commifEoner or commifiioners (hall in and by his or their award order and diredfc.

XI.	And be it further enadted, That after fuch publick and iuau# man Pr*vate roads and ways (hall have been fet out and made, the belong m the 8ra^ anc* herbage arifing thereon (hall for ever belong to and be proprietors the foie right of the proprietors of the lands and grounds which

(hall next adjoin the faid roads and ways on either fide thereof, as far as the crown of the road; and all roads, ways, and paths, over, through, and upon fuch lands and grounds which fhall not be fet out as aforefaid, fhall be for ever (topped up and ex-not be fet out tinguifhed, and fhall be deemed and taken as part of the lands fhall be allot- ancj groun(js t0 j,e divided, allotted, and inclofed, and fhall be divided, allotted, and inclofed accordingly: provided, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to give fuch commiflioner or commifiioners any power or authority to divert, change, or alter any turnpike road that fhall or

may

The grafs and herbage on roads fhall

of the lands adjoining on either fide$ and all roads which (hall

ted and inclofed.

No turnpike road (hail be altered with-

i8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c, 109. 329

may lead over any fuch lands and grounds, unlefs the con fent of out the con* the majority of the truftees of fuch turnpike road, aflembled	tllC

fome puWick meeting called for that purpofe on ten days notice, e8' be first had and obtained.	•	#

XII; And be it further enacted, That fuch commiflioner or	1

commiffioners in making the feveral allotments direfted by fuch a£l, (hall have due regard as well to. the filiation of thements, to refpe£tive hpufes or homefteads of the proprietors, as to the have regard to quantity and quality of the lands and grounds to be allotted to t^e.^tl*atio11 . them refpedtively, fo far as may be confident with the general Bellas the* * convenience of the faid proprietors; and that fuch commiflioner quantity and* or commiffioners in making the faid allotments (hall have par- quality of ticular regard to the convenience of the owners or proprietors of land> 48	,

the fmalleft eftates in the lands'and grounds directed to be allotted consent with and exchanged.	general	con-

XIII.	And whereas the proprietors and perfons interejied in open venicnce. common fields, meadows, pafiureSy commons, and wafie lands, direfied

to be divided and allotted, whofe allotments thereof will be finally and expenfrue to inclofey may be defirous of flocking and depafiuring their allotments in common, and of f haring fuch produce as may grow there-ofty under proper regulations; be it therefore further ena&ed, That fuch commiffioner or commiffioners (hall be, and he or they.is and fofalfallot-6 are hereby fully authorifed and empowered, on application of meats to be. the parties interefted at their first or fecond meeting for receiv- laid together ing claims, and on an attentive view and full confederation of the premifes, to award, order, and direct any fuch allotments flocked and, to be laid together and ring-fenced, and to be (locked and de- depaftured in paftured in common, and to make fuch orders and regulations common by for the equitable enjoyment thereof, and for the participation to^proprie* of any produce growing or to grow thereon, as fuch commiffioner or commiffioners may think beneficial and proper for the faid feveral parties interefted therein.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed. That the feveral (hares of	to

and in any lands or grounds which (hall upon any fuch divifion compenfation be affigned, fet out, allotted, and applied, unto and for the for rjghta feveral perfons who (hall he entitled to the fame, (hall, when fo in the lands,, allotted, be and be taken to be in full bar of and fatisfadtion and whjch (ball compenfation for their feveral and refpetftive lands, grounds, tkcfro^the rights of common, and all other rights and properties whatfo- commiffioners ever, which they refpedlively had or were entitled to, in and being affixed over the faid lands and grounds, immediately before the paffing °"

of any fuch a<ft; and that from and immediately after the making church^™1 the faid divifion and allotments, and the execution of the award of fuch commiffioner or commiffioners, or at any other time as fuch commiffioner or commiffioners (hall, by writing under his or their hands, to be affixed on the principal door of the church . . of the pari(h in which the lands and grounds (hall be fituate, direft or appoint, all rights of common, and all rights whatfo-ever, by fuch a<5l intended to be extingui(hed, belonging to or | claimed by any pcrfon or perfons whomfoever, bodies politick

or

$3® Anno tegni quadragefimo primo Georgh III. c. 109. [1801'

-	or .corporate, in, over, or .upon fuch lands or grounds, (hall ceafe,

determine, and be for ever'extinguiflied.

Commtffion- XV. And be it further enacted. That fuch commiflioner or commiffioners (hall, and he or they is and are hereby authorifed, allotments4 t0 ^et out, allot, and award any meuuages, buildings, lands, tene-mefliiages, ments, hereditaments, new allotments, or old inclofures, within lands, &c. fuch parifh or manors, in lieu of or in exchange for any other tot'oftf)e°IU me^uagcs> buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, hew allot-pioprietors, tbents, or old inclofures within the (aid parifh or manors, or orifbelonging within any adjoining parifh or place*, fo as that all fuch exchanges to churches, be made with the conlent of the refpe&ive owners, proprietors, or o*th otber perfons, feifed of the lands, hereditaments, and premifes btfhop arid of which (hall refpe&ively be fo exchanged as aforefaid, or of die the patron, hufbands, guardians, truftees, committees or attomies acting for ' or on behalf of fuch owners, proprietors, or other perfons respectively, who are under Coverture, minors, lunaticks, or~beyond the feas, or under any other difability or incapacity of a£ting for themfelves (fuch confent to be teftified by writing under their refpe&ive hands); and fo that all fuch exchaqges be afeertained, fpecitied, and fet forth in the award of fuch commiflioner or commiffioners ; and fo that all fuch exchanges of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to or held in right of any church, chape}, or ecclefiaftical benefice, (ball alfo be made with the like confent, in writing* of the bifhop of the diocefe, and of the patron of any church, chapel, or ecclefiaftical benefice for the time being; and all fuch exchanges fo made as aforefaid (hall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in the law, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever.

XVI.	And whereas it may happen that fame of the proprietors of meffuages, cottages, tenements, or lands, in any fuch parijh or manor, and perfons entitled to allotment or allotments to be n\ade by virtue of any fuch aft, may be feized thereof or entitled thereto in joint tenancy, or as coparceners or tenants in common, and cannot, by reafim of in-fancy,, fettlement, or abfence beyond the feas make an effectual divifon Commiffion- thereof; be it therefore further ena&edr That it (hall be lawful allotm^itsln ^or	comm^,oner	or commiffioners, and he or they is and

feveraltyto are hereby suthorifed and empowered (upon the requeft in writ-joint tenant?, ing of fuch joint tenants or coparceners, of tenants in common, or tenants in or any or either of them, or of the hufbands, guardians, truftees, common., committees, or attorneys of fuch as are under coverture, minors, lunaticks, or under any other incapacity as aforefaid, or abfent beyond feas) to make partition and divifion of the mefluages, cottages, tenements, lands, and allotment orallotments, to fuch of the faid owners or proprietors who ihall be entitled to the ii me as joint tenants, coparceners,,or tenents in common, and to allot the fame accordingly to fuch owners and proprietors in feveralty ; and from and immediately after the faid allotments (hall be fo*made and declared, the fame (hall be holdcn and enjoyed by the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be allotted in ; feveralty, in fuCh and the fame manner, and fubjeft to fuch and

t8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 109. 331

the feme ufes, as the undivided parts or {hares of fuch eftates would have been held in cafe fuch partion and divifion had not been made.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every perfon ce%f<thei*at^ or perfons, to whom any allotment or allotments {hall be made j^lment^in a hy virtue of any fuch a<5t, (hall, and he, (he, or they is and are limited time, hereby required to accept his, her, and their refpedtive allot- or to forfeit ments within the fpace of two calendar months nexr after the ***** execution of the avirard, deeded to b£ made in and by any fuch a£t 5 and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall negledt or refufe to accept of his, her, or their {hare or allotment within the time before mentioned, fuch perfon of perfons (b negle&ing or refuting {hall be totally excluded from having or receiving any eftate or intereft, or right of common whatfoever, in any part of the lands and grounds to be’divided and inclofed by virtue of any fuch a&.	f

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it Guardians, fhall and maybe lawful for the refpe&ive guardians, hufbands, truftees, committees, or attorneys of any perfon or perfons being minors, femes covert, lunaticks, beyond the Teas, or otherwife peHons, and incapable by law tp Accept any fuch allotment as {hall be made tenants for by virtue of any fuch adt, to and for the irfe of fuch perfon or l*fe ihall ac-perfons io incapacitated as aforelhid * and alfo that any perfon **ot* or perfons entitled to any allotment or allotments as tenant or tenants for life or lives, ihall be, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby refpedtively enabled and enquired to accept of and take fuch allotment or allotments re(pe£Uvely; and every fuch , acceptance refpedlively {hall be and is hereby declared to be valid and efic&ual, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever: provided further. That the non-claim or non-acceptance of any fuch Non-aecept-guardian, huiband, truftee, committee, or attorney, {hall not ex-elude or in any way prejudice the right of any infant, feme (hall not precovert, lunatick, or other perfon or perfons being under anyjudicethe difability or incapacity as aforefaid, or abfent beyond the feas, fights of who (hall claim or accept fuch {hare or allotment within twelve calendar months next after fuch difability or incapacity (hall be Jhaii ac^ept in removed, or of any perfon entitled as heir in remainder after the a limited time death of any perfon dying during fuch incapacity or difability, enabled who (hall claim or accept the fame within one year next after his, her, or their right, title or intereft (hall have accrued, descended, or veiled, or be known fo to be.

XIX.	And be it further enadted, That after the allotments Before execu-

fliall be fet out by fuch commiffioner or commiffioners, and attion °fthe . any time before the execution of his or their award, it fhall	may

lawful for any perfon or perfons to whom any allotment or beditchcdand allotments (hail be fo made, and ftaked or marked out, by and inclofed. with with the confent of fuch commiffioner or commiffioners in the confent of writing under his or their hands, to ditch, fence off, and inclofe

their refpedtive allotments, in fuch manner as fuch commiffioner or commiffioners (hall fo direct and appoint.

XX.	And be it further enacted. That the timber trees and

other”®

33* Anno regni quadragefimo primo GtfofcGii III. c. 109. [i'8gi» 1 with the lands other trees, thorns and bulhes, (landing and growing upoo any ftand^he^ar- wa^e lan<ls or ot^er land* to be allotted by fuch aft, (hall be ties payingto*Plotted and go along with the lands whereon they refpedtively the owners (land, and (hall be deemed the property of the feveral perfons fuch fums as to whom the fame lands (hall be refpe&ively allotted, fuch per-^im fhall f°ns Pay*n6 t0 ^ 0>vncr or rcfpe£tive owners of the faid trees, I direct; but in foch funM °f money for the fame, and at fuch time or times, and 1 calc ot neglcft place or places, as the faid commiflioner or commiflioners (hall the owners by writing under his or their hand or hands direct ; but if the downandt^ ^ Pities who are to make fuch refpe&ive payments (hall them away, * negle& ov refufe to make the fame accordingly, then it (hall be lawful to and for the refpedive parties who (hall be entitled to have and receive fuch payments, to enter on the faid lands, and cut down, take and carry away to their own ufe, the faid trees, thorns, or buflies, in refpeft of which the faid payments were refpeftively to be made to them, at any feafonable time or times within one year'next after fuch negledt or default, they doing as little damage on the faid lands as may be.

Where money XXI, And be it further ena&ed, That Whenever any fum of is to be paui mbney js> under the provifion of this a&, or any fuch bill, to be and which *	^	^	Purc^a^	or	exchange	of	anylands,	tenements,	or

ought to be hereditaments, or of any timber or wood growing thereon, and laid out in which fum of money ought to be laid out in the purchafe of other pureba- other 'lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be fettled to the t^to^hefarae ufes, »t (Wall and maybe lawful, to and for fuch commif-(ame ufes, the fioner or commiffioners, out of fuch fum to defray fuch propor-commiflioners tion of the expence of palling fuch adl, and of carrying the fame may thereout into execution, as (hall, if any be* charged upon any of the lands, ^oit^oa^^e tenements or hereditaments, of the peribn or perfons, body poli-expences of tick or corporate, truftees or feoffees, in pofleflion of the lands, polling the adt, tenements, or hereditaments fo fold or exchanged, or on which and putting it fuch timber or wood a&ually grew, and alfo the expence of any fec^anldifthe Pe,fmanent improvement, fuch as building, fub-dividing, draining furplu8 or Panting, and the like, which (hall in the judgement of fuch amount to commiflioner or commi(Sorters be proper to be made, and (hall aool. it (hail, be made under his or their dire&ion, upon any lands to be by ^fri»virtuc	a<^	allotted to fuch perfon or perfons, body po-

in other pur- Htick or corporate, truftees or feoffees refpe&ively; and in cafe chafes, and in the furplus of fuch money (hall amount to the fum of two hundred the mean time pounds, then the fame (hall, with all convenient fpeed, be invented kf paid into jn tjje pUrchafe of any lands or hereditaments, which (hall be applied under conveyed and fettled upon, and (object to the like ufes, trails and thedirediou limitations, aifuch lands fo fold or exchanged, or the lands on ot the court of which fuch timber grew, were fettled, limitted or allured; and in chancery. the mean time, and until fuch purchafe can be made, fuch money (hall pe paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the accountant general of the high court of chancery,

. to be placed to his account there ex parte the faid commiflioner or commiflioners, without fee or reward, to the intent that fuch money (hail be applied, under the direction and with the approbation of the faid court,* to be fignified by an order madfc upon a petition

to

would nave been entitled to lucn laptis, tenements, and nents, or timber refpedively, either in or towards the re ar purchafe of land tax, or towards the difcharge of an) incumbrances affeding the lands or hereditaments fo | Dr exchanged, or on which fuch timber grew, or until (hall, upon the like application, in a fummary way, out by order of the faid court in the purchafe of other hereditaments to be fettled to the like ufes; and in the a and until order .can be,made, fuch money may, by ord faid court, be laid out in fome of the publick funds, or 01 ment or real fecurities, and the dividends or intereft arid from, (hall, by order of the /aid court, be paid to fuch perfons, as would, for the time being, be entitled to the profits of fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments, fo t chafed conveyed and fettled. ,

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded any fuch money (hall be lefs than the fum of two hundrec and (hall exceed the fum of twenty pounds, then and cafe the lame (hail, at the option of the perfon orperfoi time being'entitled to the rents and profits of the kinds ditaroents fo purchafed, or of his, her, or their guardian dians, committee or committees, in cafe of infancy or I be fignified in writing under their refpedive hands, be the bank in the name and with the piivity of the faid ac general of the high court of chancery, and be placed to hi: as aforefaid, in order to be applied in the manner before or otherwife the fame (hall be paid at the like optioi truftees to be nominated by the perfon or perfons mai option, and approved of by the commiifioner or comi (fuch nomination and approbation to be fignified in writ: the hands of the nominating and approving parties) in c fuch principal money and the dividends arifing thereof applied in manner heroin-before direded, fo far as tin applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtai redion or approbation of the faid court of chancery.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&eo, TI fuch money (hall be lefs than twenty pounds, then an< cafe the fame (hall be applied to the ufe of the perfon c who would for the time being have been entitled to the profits of the lands or hereditaments fo purchafed, in fuc as the faid commiifioner or commiffioners (hall think fir, of infancy or lunacy, then to his, her, or their guardian dians, committee or committees to and,for the ufe and fuch perfon or perfons fo entitled refpedively.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That if any j whom any allotment or allotments (hall be made, or any hulbahd, truftees, feoffees* committees, or attorney of a: feme covert, charity or charities, lunatick, idiot, perfon c beyond the feas, or otherwife incapable of ading refpec! any tenant in tail, or for life, or truftee or truftees for 2

I

334 Anno regni quadragefirao prirao Georgii III c. 109* fiSot. to be inclofed meat, or any mortgagee or mortgagees, or other creditor in pof-and leTand fe®on* A*aN negled or refute to accept* inclofe, and fence his, her, receive the or t^ie*r allotment or allotments, within fuch time or times as fuch vents until the commiffioner or commiffioners, by any writing as aforefaid, or are by his or their award, (hall order or dired, it (hall be lawful for they mav°r cotnml®oncir or commiffioners to caufe fuch allotment or charge Uiem allotments to be inclofed and fenced, and to let the fame to anr upon the perfon or perfons he or they may think proper, and to receive the proprietor, rents and profits thereof, until the expences attending the incfo-fure and fencing thereof are paid and Satisfied, or;to charge fuch expences upon the proprietor or proprietors of the fame allotment or allotments; and by any fuch writing as aforefaid, or by his or their faid award, to appoint to whom, and at what time or times , the fame (hall be .paid, fubjed to the fame mode, and with the like powers of recovery thereof, as may be provided refpeding the other expences or palling any fuen ad, and carrying the fame into execution, or otherwife directed by any fuch ad.

XXV.	And be it. further enacted. That it fhall be law* ful for the feveral proprietors of the allotments to be made in purfuance of any fuch ad, their agents or workmen, at any fea-fences may be fonable time or times, within the fpace of seven years next after ereded on the the fencing of any allotment or allotments, to Fet up and ercfl

ditches and P°^8 an^ ra,*s* or ot^er ^eac* fences* on tfie outfide of the ditcher ’ * - bounding their refpedive allotments, not exceeding three feet from fuch ditches, for the preservation of their quickfet hedges, and at any feafonable time or times before the expiration of the laid term, to take and carry away the materials of fuch outfide fences when they fhall think proper.

XX VL And be it further enaded, That no fences or hedges which at the tipnc of the paffing of any fuch ad (hall be ftanding aft is ipaflediy °* 6row*n© *n or uPon any the Minds direded to bedivided and (hall bede-* inclofed, (hall be cut down or deftroyed by„the owners and pro-ftroyed till the prietors thereof, after the palling of luch ad, until the execution execution of 0f the award, without the confent of fuch commiffioner or cotn-miffioners first had and obtained in writing for that purple; and if any luch fences or hedges (hall be alfigned or approved by fuch commiffioner or commiffioners as and for a boundary fence, or as and for a fubdivifion fence to and for atiy of the allotments to be ^ made in purfuance of fuch ad, all fuch fences and hedges (hall be boundary or left uncut for the benefit of the perfon or perfons to whom fuch divifion fences, allotment or allotments fhall belong; and he, (he, or they Hull they (hall be make fuch compenfation in money to the former owners and p-rfonsto>th€ ProPr>Wors thereof, as fuch commiffioner or commiffioners Dial), whom the al- ty writing under his or their band or hands in that behalf order lotments (hall and appoint, fubjed to the fame mode, and with the like powers belong mak- cf recovery thereof, as may in fuch ad be provided refpeding the tion^oTSffOT- ot^er cxPenccs °f paffmg any fuch ad, and carrying the fame in-mer owners. ’ to execution.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no proprietors whofe allotments or (hares lhati, upon any fuch inclo-fure, lie and be fituate next and adjoining to aoy common fields

or

Within (even years after fencing of allotments,

the materials carried away by the proprietors.

No fences or hedges ftand-

thc award, without con fentof the commiflion-ers, and if affigned by them as a

Where the boundary of any common

: 801.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 109. 33 {

>r i n clofed grounds, the boundary of which lhall be fenced by any folds or inclo^ mound, fence, brook, or rivulet, (hall be compelled to make or trrcA any hedges, ditches, or fences, next adjoining to any fuch by any mound,-common fields or inclofed grounds, for inclofing fuch their allot- &c. the pro- * ments or (hares; but that the whole mound, fence, brook or rivu^ P”ct.°^s tlic let, or other fufficient fences which divide any fuch common fields aiiiltmeiUs or inclofed grounds from fuch allotments, (hall for ever bp and (bait not be remain a boundary fence for the purpofe of fuch divifion, and compelled to (hall from time to time be maintained, kept, cleanfed, fcoured, and fence them repaired, by the refpe&ive proprietors thereof, in the fame manner as before tne palling of this a£t, or in fuch other manner as fuch £e^s ancj commiffioner or commillioners (hall order and diredl: provided rndofed neverthelefs, That in cafe it (hall happen that feme of the pro- ?ro^^ prietors (hall have a greater proportion of fences to make and	be	'

maintain upon any of the lands directed to be divided and inclofed, maintained by than in the judgement of fuch commiffioner or commillioners the the refpe&ive allotments of fuch proprietors ought to be charged with, it (hall proprietors; be lawful for fuch commiffioner or commiffioners, where he or ofw^cMhe they lhall judge it proper, to afeertain and appoint fuch futn of commiffioners money to be paid to every fuch proprietor towards making and mayappor-maintaining fuch fences, by fuch other of the proprietors who may tion. have a lefs proportion of fencing, according to the value and quantity of the lands to be allotted to them, and to grant fuch other relief in refpedt thereof, out of the money to be raised for defraying the expences of carrying fuch adt into execution, as he or they (hall think reafonable, and in cafe any fuch money (hall be fo directed to be raifed, in order that the faid boundary fences may be brought as near as may be to a juft and equal proportion.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe any perfon If any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully and unlawfully break down, deftroy, car- foftr°y ry away, or damage any fence, ftile, poft, rail, gate, bridge, or fcnCe”&?!aiiy tunnel, which may. be put up or placed under the authority and put up under for the purpofes ot any fuch ad!, every perfon fo offending, and the authority being thereof convidted before any juftice of the peace for the 2^[‘7 county in which the lands or grounds to be inclofed (hall be the prof fituate, on confeffion or on proof of the offence, by oath of one prfetor of the or more credible witnefs or witnefles (which oath the faid juftice lands,&c. may is hereby authorifed to adminifter) (hall for every fuch offence 8ivc evidence, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding five pounds; and every

perfon (hall be allowed to give evidence of fuch offence notwith* ft an ding he may be a proprietor or occupier of lands within, or an inhabitant of fuch parifh, and notwithstanding he may be the owner of any fuch fence, ftile, poft, rail, gate, bridge, or tunnel; to be recovered as herein after provided.

XXIX.	AnJ whereas it may often be provided by fuch a£I% that the expences of obtaining the fame, and dlfo the expences of carrying the fame into execution, jbalf be paid in proportion by the proprietors of lands or grounds to whom any allotments JhaU be made; be it further

• enadled, That in fuch cafe, when and fo often as ahy fuch perfon Tf it (hall he s or perfons, except the perfon or perfons thereby exempted from pro .Lied by payment of any fuch charges and expences, (lull refule or neg-	,

.left c. ”	/

and carrying it into execution, fhall be paid by the proprietors.

3 jfc Anno regni quadragefimo prirno Georgii III. c. 109. [1801.

of obtaining left to pay his, her, or their proportion of the charges and expences, or (hall refufe or negleA to pay the expences attending the incloftng and fencing of any fuch allotments, as upon the negleA or refufal of the proprietors fhall be inclofed and fenced by fuch commiflioner or commiffioners as herein-after mentioned, at the fx?fbeyrcfpc^,vc days and times to be appointed for payment of fuch the commit charges and expences^it (hall be lawful for fuch commiflioner or fioners may cotnmi(doners, by any warrant or warrants under his or their caufe the fame hands and feals, efireded to any perfon or per(ons whomfoever, to to be levied by Caufe the faid cofts, charges, and expences, and fum, or (inns of takeCpoffeffion moncy refpeflively, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of (he allot- and chattels of the perfon or perfons fo making default in payment ments,andre- as aforefaid, his, her, or their hufbands, guardians, truflees, com-ceive the mittees, or attornies, wherefoever the fame fhall be found, ren-rcnt8,nulani- derjng the overplus (if any) on demand, to the owner or owners of fuch goods and chattels,, the reafonable charges of fuch warrant, diffrefs, and fale being first deducted, together with the tia-tereft after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be computed on fuch (hare or (hares, proportion or proportions, from the time the fame fhall be directed to be paid by fuch commif-ftoner or commifiioners as aforefaid; or otherwife it fhall be lawful for fuch commiflioner or commiffioners, or any perfon or •	perfons authorifed by him or them, to enter upon"and take pof-

feffion of the premifes fo to be allotted to fuch perfon or perfons refufing or negleAing to pay as aforefaid, and to receive and take the rents and profits thereof, until thereby, therewith, or other-wife, the (hare, or (hares, proportion or proportions, and the (aid coils and charges fo ordered and direAed by fuch commiflioner of commiffioners to be paid by fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid, and all fuch interefl on fuch (hare or (hares, proportion pr proportions, to be computed from the time the fame fhall by fuch commiflioner or commiffioners be direAed to be paid as aforefaid, and alfo all cods, charges, and expences, occaGoned by or attending fuch entry upon and perception of the rents and profits of the faid premifes fhall be fully paid and fatisfied.

Hufbands, &c,	XXX,	And be it further enaAed, That in fuch cafe as lad

aSSmentf6, af°refa*^» u (ball lawful for the hufbands, guardians, truftees, withiuch ' committees, or.attornies of any of the owners or proprietors of Cums as the fuch allotment or exchanged lands, being under coverture, mi-commiflioncrs nors, lunaticks, beyond the feas, or under any other difability, fhall adjudge aruj for any 0f the owncrs or proprietors being tenants in defraying the ta'l* or ^or or ^ives or ywrs determinable on a life or fifes aforefaid ex- or on any other contigency, or otherwife, interefted as aforefaid pences i and if (except the reAor or vicar of fuch> parifh) to charge fuch allot-^ffionhaWe^ nients, or exchanged lands and premifes, with fuch fum or fums to a°fhary * monc7 as fuch coitimiflioner or commiffioners fhall by his or thereof, or their award, or by writing under his or their hands, either before -enabled to or after the execution of fuch award, adjudge neceflary to pay and **h th ^etray	refpeflive	(hares	of the charges and expences inci-

Cune8ftall ad-C dent to and artendingthe obtaining fuch a A, and carrying the fame yance the mo- into execution, and of charging the faid lands as aforefaid, fo that

the

1801.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 109. 337 the fame (hall not exceed five pounds for every acre of fuch nc.y» the com-allotments or exchanged lands, and to grant, mortgage, furrender, leafe, or demife, or othcrwife fubjed the lands, tenements, and the landst» hereditaments fo to be charged, under fuch perfon or perfons who them for re-,, fhall advance and lend the fame rcfpediively, his, her, or their imburfiwnent# executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, for any term or number of years ; or in cafe any perfon in pofleffion, who (hall or may be liable to and charged with a (hare of the expences as aforefaid, or enabled by this or any fuch aft to charge fuch lands and grounds with the fame, (hall choofe to advance, pay, and difcharge fuch fum or funis of money, then it (hall be lawful for the faid comm if- . fioner or comimfiioners, by any deed or writing under his or their hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible wit-nefles, in like manner to grant, mortgage, furrender, leafe, demife, or otherwife fubjedt the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to fuch perfon or perfons refpedtively, paying and di(charging the fame, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, for any term or number of years, to and for the payment of fuch fum and fums of money fo advanced, paid, and di (charged by him or them, with intereft for the fame, to commence on the termination of his, her, or thdir right in the premi-fes ; fo that every fuch grant, mortgage, furrender, leafe, or demife, be made with a provifo or condition to ceale and be void, or with an exprefs truft to be furrendered or re-afligned, when fuch fum or fums of money thereby to be fecured (hall be fully paid and fatisfied; and alfo with a covenant to pay and keep down the intereft, fo that no perfon or perfons afterwards becoming polTefled or entitled to any fuch lands, tenements,. or heredita-, ments, (hall be liable to pay any further or larger arrear of inte-reft than for fix calendar months preceeding the time when the title to fuch pofleflion (hall have commenced; and that every fuch charge, grant, mortgage, furrender, leafe, or demife, (hall be good, valid and effectual in the law for the purpofes thereby intended.

XXXI. And whereas in fuch cafes as afdrefaii, where provijion may be made in any fuch aft for charging the expences of paffing juch afty or of executing the powers therein contained, or of fencing the re-fpeftive allotments on the fever al proprietors thereof it may be more convenient for the feoffees or trujlees of any charity lands or fchool lands, Commifiion-to have lands deductedfrom the refpeftive allotments to be made forfuch *rsde“ charity lands or fchool lands, for paying the proportionable fhart in re- i0^entsfor Jpeft of fuch allotments of fuch expences refpeftively, than to raife money charity or on mortgage for thoft purpofes; be it therefore further ena&ed, That fchool lands^ it (hall be lawful ror any fuch commiflioner or commiffioners, if what (hall be he or they (hall judge it right or expedient, to dedu& from the ^^tScproiSr-refpe&ive allotments to be made fo fuch feoffees or truftees as tionable (hare aforefaid, fo much land as (hall in the judgement of fuch com- of the expen* miflioner or commiflioners be equal in value to their refpedHve ces of puffing proportions of the faid expences, and to allot, aflign, and award ^^and* the fame to fuch perfon or perfons as fuch commiflioner or com- aiiotthe fame miflioners (hall think proper, and who will undertake to pay and to fuch per* defray, and (hall pay and defray, all fuch expences.	f°nJ ** will

V01.XLIII.	Z	XXXII.	And	“^ertake to

pay «.

338 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Ge6rgii III. c. 109. [i8ot. if it Aril be XXXII. And be it further enaded, That in cafe it (hall be provided by any fuch ad, that the expences attending the fame the eppcnces fhall he P*id by fale of any part of the land fo to be inclofed, the of obtaining faid commiffioner or conuni(Boners (hall mark and fet out fuch •ml carrying it part or parts of the faid wafte or commonable lands,.as in his or SSjl aid0 t^lc*r °P*n*°n by fale thereof raife a fum of money fufficient

5 (ale ofpartto PaV ar*d difcharge all fuch charges and expences as may by any the land*, fuch a d be directed to be paid and difcharged out of the fame; theeommif- and the faid commiffioner or commiffioners (hall fell fuch part or fioner* (hall parts 0f tjie jan(js to any perfon or perfons for the beft price

fuchpart as or Pr^cs that can be gotten for the fame, by private contractor they think r or by pubiick auction or audions to be holden for that purpofe, will raife a fuf- of which fix weeks previous notice (hall be given, in fuch man-^Ifth fUm* ncr as by any fuch ad be direded with refped to the other chafers Sidl not*ccs thereby required 5 and the perfon or perfons fo purchasing immediately the fataie, (hall immediately pay (by way of depofit) into the hands depofit a part of the faid commiffioner or commiffioners, or fuch perfon or per-pf the pur- fons as he or they (hall dired and appoint, one tenth part of his, whl^'fhall^e b©r, or their purchafe money, and pay the remainder thereof forfeited, if within three calendar months next after, or at fuch other time as the remainder the faid commiffioner or commiffioners (hall appoint, and in de-be not duly fault thereof, the money fo depofited (hall be forfeited, and (hall pai *	be applied in carrying fuch ad into execution; and the faid allot-

ment or allotments for which' the whole of fuch purchafe money (hall not have been fo paid, or for which there (hall be no bidding * at fuch audion, (hall be again put up to fale, and fold in manner aforefaid, for the beft price or prices that can be gotten for the fame, or be fold by the faid commiffioner or commiffioners by private contrad, for any fum orfums noflefs than the remaining nine tenths of the price or refpediye prices for which the fame wis or were refpedively before fold, or the amount of one bidding above the fum or refpedive fums at which the fame was or were v refpedively put up in the faid former audion; and every allotment for which the full purchafe money (hall be paid, (hall im-mediately thereupon be abfolutely difcharged of and from all common and other right thereon or therein, and be vetted in fee fimple in, and be inclofed, and thenceforth held in feveralry by fuch purchafer or purchasers thereof refpedively, as his, her, or their private and abfolute property, and (hall be allotted accordingly by the (aid commiffioner or commiffioners *9 and the faid purchafe money fhall be applied in defraying fuch charges and expences as may be in any fuch ad directed to be paid and difcharged by the fale of fuch land.

XXXIII.	Andy for the better enabling fuch commiffioner or com-mifftoners to determine the feveral matters and things by this or any Conuniffion-	to	or ^eir dtUrminatioHy be it enaded. That

era may fum- it'(hall he lawful to and for the faid commiffioner or commif-monwitnefles, (ioners from time to time, as he or they (hall fee occafion, by who ftiall be any writing or writings under his or their hand or hands, to peiud^for	fonimon an<i require any perfon or perfons to appear before

neglcd.	them at any time and place in fuch writing to be appointed, to

1

i8oi.] Anno regni quadragefimoprimo Georgii III. c. 109. 339

teftify the truth touching the matter in difpute between any proprietors or interefted perfons, or otherwife relating to the • execution of the powers given by this or any fuch aand to caufe a copy of fuch writing to be ferved on fuch perfon or perfons required to give evidence, or to be left at his, her, or their ufual or laft place of abode; and every perfon or perfons fo fummoned, who {hall not appear before the faid commiflioner or	^

commiffioners purfuant to fuch fummons (without aligning fome reafonable excufe for not appearing) or appearing (hall refufe to be fworn or examined on oath or affirmation, which oath or affirmation the faid commiffi >ner or commiffioners is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter, (fuch perfon dr perfons having been paid or tendered to him, her, or them, the reafonable charges of his, her, or their attendance) and being thereof convidled before one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace of the county or diftridt in which fuch lands are fituated, upon informatioA thereof upon oath made before any fuch juftice, (hall, for every fuch negledl or refufal, forfeit and pay fuch fum of money, not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, as fuch juftice or juftices {hall think fit and order.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That No wltnefs no witnefs fummoned to attend fuch commiflioner or commif-^ril beob-fioners, {hall toe obliged to travel above eight miles from the tey0ndVcei> boundary of the parifh, manor, or diftridi, t>y any fuch adt in- tain diftance. tended to be inclofed.

XXXV.	And be it further enadled, That as foon as conve- ComAiffion-niently may be after the divifion and allotment of the faid lands er$ <hall draw and grounds (hall bb finifhed, purfuant to the purport and direc- containing ^p tions of this or any fuch a&, the faid commiflioner or commif- fundry parti-fioners (hall form and draw up, of caufe to be formed and drawn culars, which up, an award in writing, which fhall exprefs the quantity of^aHb61*^ acres, roods^ and perches, in ftatute meafure, contained in the at a meebnK faid lands and grounds, and.the quantify of each and every part of the pro-and parcel thereof which fhall be fo allotted, afligned, or ex-prietors, and changed, and the fituations and deferiptions of the fame refpec- proclaimed tively, and (hall alfo contain a defeription of the roads, ways, ^y^the * footpaths, vyatercourfes, watering places, quarries, bridges, pjifh church, fences, and land marks, fet out and appointed by the faid com- and then coil-miffioner or commiffioners refpedlively as aforefaid, and all fuch fidered as other rules, orders, agreements, regulations, dire&ions, andcomPe*e* determinations, as the faid commiflioner or commiffioners fhall

think neceffary, proper, or beneficial to the parties; which faid award fhall be fairly ingrofled or written on parchment, and ihall be read and executed by the commiftioneror commiffioners, in the prefence of the proprietors who may attend at a	'

fpecial general meeting called for that purpofe, of which ten days notice at lead {hall be given in fome paper to be named in fuch iadV and circulating in the county, which execution of fuch award (hall be proclaimed the next Sunday in the church of the parifh in which fuch lands (hall be, from the time of which proclamation only and not before, fuch award (hall be confidered

Z2	as

340 Annoregniquadragelimoprimo Georgii IIL c. i09. [iSoi« Aw.ird to be as complete; and (hall, within twelve calendar months after the fame (hall be fo figned and fealed, or fo foon as conveniently may be, be inrolled in one of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVtJlminfler, or with the clerk of the peace for the county in which fuch lands (hall be fituated, to the end that recourfe may be had thereto by any perfon or perfons interefted therein, for the infpeclion and perufal wherepf no more than one (hilling (hall be paid; and a copy of the faid award, or any part thereof, figned by the proper officer of the court wherein the lame (hall be inrolled, or by the clerk of the peace for fuch county, or his deputy, purporting the fame to be a true copy, lhall from time to time be made and delivered by fuch officer or clerk of the peace for the time being as aforefaid, to any perfon requefting the fame, for which no more (hall be paid than two-pence for every Iheet or feventy-two words; and the (aid award, and each f°Pie81,® b* Copy of the fame, or of any part thereof, figned as ?forefaid, a^awardto*at all times be admitted and allowed in all courts whatever be binding on as legal evidence; and the faid award or inftrument, and the all partus in- feveral allotments, partitions, regulations, agreements, exchanges, orders, dire&ions, determinations, and all other matters and things therein mentioned and contained, lhall, to all intents and purpofes, be binding and conclufive, except where fome provifion to the contrary is herein or (hall be by any fuch ad contained, unto and upon the faid proprietors, and all parties and perfons concerned pr interefted in the fame, or in any of the lands, grounds, or premifes aforefaid ; and alfo that the faid refpe&ive commiffioners, if they think it necefiary, (hall form or draw, or caufe to be formed and drawn, on parchment or vel-

inrollrd in a court of record at Wcftminfter, or with the clerk of the * peace of the county, and may be in-fpected, and copies obtained for a certain fum.

Award and

terefted.

Commiflion* ers may form maps of the grounds.

which (ball be lum, fuch maps or plans of the faid lands and grounds, the better to deferibe the feveral new allotments or divifions to be made, and premifes that (hall be exchanged by virtue of this aS, and which (hall exprefs the quantity of each allotment in acres, roods, and perches, together with the names of the rc-fpe£tive proprietors at the time of fuch divifion and allotment; which faid maps and plans (hall be annexed to and inrolled with the faid refpe&ive award, and (hall be deemed and conftrued in every refpedt as and for part of the faid award.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted. That fuch commif-fioner or commiffioners (hall, and he or they is and are hereby required to enter in a book to be provided for that purpofe, a particular account of all films of money whatever received from the proprietors or others during the progrefs of the inclofure; ^kich may be anj a|f0 cf au the charges, expences, and difburfements which their clerjf’s	accrue	or b* ma^e ty viftue of any fuch a£t, and in carrying

office gratis, the fame into execution; which book bf accounts (hall be kept at the office of their clerk, open at all feafonable times during the Penalty for Progrefs of the inclofure, and till all the accounts are finally fet-not keeping tied, for the infpeflion of any of the proprietors, without fee or filch account, reward; and in cafe any fuch commiffioner or commiffioners, or th	^1S or their clerk, (hall negle& to provide and keep fuch book of

thereof. tl0n accounts as aforefaid, or refufe the infpeclion thereof to any of the '	.	pro-

annexed to the award, and deemed part thereof.

Commiflion-ers (hall keep an account of all mon ies received and dilburfed.

% 8pi.] Anno regni quadrjagefimoprimo Georgu III. c. 169. 341

proprietors at feafonable times in manner before-mentioned, and fhall be.convided thereof, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefc or witneiles not interefted in the intended divifion and inclofure, before any juftice of the peace of the county in which the lands or grounds to be inclofed ihall be fituate, or of fuch other county or place where fuch commiffioner or clerk fo offending (hall be or refide, every fuch commiilioner or clerk fo caufmg fuch negle& or refu&l, and convi&ed as aforefaid, ihall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence any fum not exceeding ten pounds nor lets than five pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in the fame manner as other penalties are by this adt directed to be levied, recovered, and applied.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed. That all monies to be Moniesraifed raised under and by virtue of the powers contained in any fuch aft, 5nicr any (hall, from time to time, as often as the fame (hall amount to ^fited a^may the fum of fifty pounds, be paid to and depofited in the hands of be approved Y fome banker, or fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be approved by by a majority a majority in value of the proprietors who may be prefent at thein va*ue °f first meeting of fuch commiilioner or commiffioners; and in the Jors^nTnot notice of which meeting fhall be expreffed the intention of then iirued without appointing fuch banker, or fuch other perfon or perfons; and no an order from fuch monies depofited or paid into the hands of fuch banker, 6r thecommii-other perfon or perfons to be appointed as aforefaid, (ball be“on®l8“ iffued or paid'by him or theiri) without an order in writing under

the hands of fuch commiilioner or commiffioners, fpecifying the perfon or perfons to whom the fame are refpe&ively payable, and the service or confideration for which the fame are due; and the balance, if any, upon the final fettlement of accounts, fhall be immediately repaid to the land owners in proportion to the fums refpe&ively paid by them.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful The rf(?°r or for theredlor or vicar for the time being of any parifh wherein^nfcirtofthe the lands and grounds intended to be inclofed fhall be fituate, by bifhop of the indenture or indentures, under his hand and feal, with the con- diocefe, and lent and approbation of the bifhop of the diocefe, and of the °? the patron patron of the faid re&ory or vicarage, to leafe or demife all or Jeaftai^ any part or parts of the allotment or allotments to be fet out and lotmentsfor allotted to any fuch refior or vicar, bv virtue of any fuch a£f, to %i years, any perfon or perfons whomfoever, for any term not exceeding upon certain twenty-one years, to commence within twelve calendar months condjtlons* next after the. executing the award; fo that the rent or rents for

the fame fhall be thereby referved to the re&or or vicar for the time being, by four equal quarterly payments in every year; and fo that there be thereby alfo referved and made payable to fuch reflor or vicar, the beft and moft improved rent or rents that can r&afonably be had or gotten for the fame, without taking any fine, foregift, premium, fum of money, or other confideration, for the making or granting any fuch leafe or demife; and fo that no fuch leffee by any fuqh leafe or demife be made dif-punifhable for wafte, by any exprefs words to be therein contained ; and fo that there be inferted in every fuch leafe, povyer

z 3	of

342 Anno regni quad rage funo prime Georgii III. c. 109, [1801.

of re-entry on* non-payment ^>f the rent or rents to be thereby referved, within a reafonable time to be therein limited, after the fame (hall become due ; and fo that a counterpart of fuch leafe be duly executed by the leffee or leffces to whom fuch leafe (hall be fo made as aforefaid; and every fuch leafe (hall be valid and effeAual, any law or ufage to the contrary notwithilanding. r^U^tiono^ XXXIX. And be it further enaAed, That all penalties and penalties. forfeitures impofed by this or any fuch aA, or which (hall be impofed by fufch commiffioner or commiflioners under or by virtue of the authority of this or any fuch aA, (ball be levied and recovered before any one juftice of the peace for the county in which the lands or grounds to be inclofed (hall be fituate, and redding near any fuch parifh, and not interefted in the matter in queftion; for which purpofe it (ball be lawful for any fuch juftice of the pence, upon complaint made to him, to fununon the party accufed, and the witneftes on both fides ; and upon the appearance or contempt of the party accufed, to examine fuch witneftes upon oath, (which oath any fuch juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter), and upon fuch evidence to give judgement accordingly, and to condemn the party accufed (proof of the accufation toeing made by one or more witnefs or witneftes as aforefaid) in fuch penalties and forfeitures as the offenders (hall have incurred, and to levy fuch penalties $md forfeitures by diftrefs anjl fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, together with reafonable cofts; all which penalties and forfeitures, the application whereof is not particularly directed by any fuch aA or this aA, (hall, when and (b foon as the fame (hall be levied, be paid and applied to.and for fuch ufes, intents, or purpofes, as fuch commiflioner or commiflioners, in and by any writing or writings under his or their hands, or in and by his or their award, (hall order, dire#, or appoint.

Saving of the	XL. And be it further enaAed and declared, That nothing in

1 fuch a A contained (hall leffen, prejudice, or defeat the right, title, or intereft of any lord or lady of any manor or lordthip, or reputed manor or lordfhip, within the jurifdiAion or limits whereof the lands and grounds thereby direAed to be divided and allotted are fituate, lying, and being, of, in, or to the frigniories, rights, and -royalties incident or belonging to fuch manor or lordthip, or , reputed manor or lordfhip, or to the lord or lady thereof, or to any perfon or perfons claiming under him or her, but the fame (other than and except the intereft: and other property as is or are meant or intended to be barred by fuch aA) (hall remain, in as full, ample, and beneficial manner, to all intents and purpofes, as he or (he might or ought to have held or enjoyed fuch rights before the pafling of.fuch aA,or in cafe the fame had never been made.

XLI. Saving always to the King’s mod excellent majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and to all and ^very other perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, and his, her, and their heirs, fucceffors, executors, and adminiftrators, all fuch eftate, right, title, and intereft, (other than and except fuch as are hereby intended to be barred, deftroyed or extingulfbed) as they, every,

rights of lords of manors.

General

iaving.

or

a Sox.3 AnnoregntquadrageflmoprimoGeorgiiIII. c 109. 343 or any of them, had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out,of, or in refpeffc of the (aid lands, grounds, and premife9 fodire<5ted to be divided, allotted, and inclofed, or exchanged as aforefaid', before the paf. ling of fuch adt, or could or might have had or enjoyed in cafe the fame had never been made.

XLII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be Two juftices lawful for any two or more juftices of the peace to take affidavits on oath or affirmation (which oath or affirmation fuch juftices the notiCC8 re. are hereby authorifed and empowered to adminifter) of the quired having notices required for fuch bills having been given, of the confents been given, of the parties interefted therein, of the allegations contained in fo^Tinth the preambles of fuch bills, and of^the quantity of the land to fchedule 'C be inclofed $ and that fuch affidavits (hall refpe&ively be in the without* forujs contained ip the fchedule hereunto annexed, as near as damps, the circumftances of the cafe will admit; and that fuch affidavits lhaji not be fubjeft or liable to any ftamp duties whatfoever.

XLIII. And be it farther ena&ed, That if any perfon or Perfons for-perfons lhalF, in any examination, affidavit, depofition, or affir-	to

mation, to be bad or taken in purfuance of this a&, before fuch deemed juftice or juftices, or fuch commjflioner pr commiffioners, know- guilty of ingly and wilfully fwear or affirm* any matter or thing which perjury.

{ball be falfe or untrue, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall, on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of perjury, and (ball fuffer the like pains and penalties as perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury are now fubjedt and"liable to,	p ' f...

aLJV. Provided always, and be it enafted. That all and every a^Q bc 1 the powers, authorities, di^edtions, and pro’vifions in this a£t con- binding only tainedr (ball be only 1b far effective and binding in each particular a® far as not cafe, as they or any of them (hall not be Qtherwife provided and pnadted in any fuch a& hereafter to be paffed as aforefeid. any future

a<3.

SCHEDULE to which the Aft refers,

(A.)

FORM of AFFIDAVIT of NOTICES,

A. B> of	maketh	oath	and (aith, [tr> being

one of the people called Quakers, upon his folemn affirmation, faith] That he did fee acopy of the notice hereunto annexed affixed on the church door of the pariih of	in	the county of

[or, on the feverai church doors of the rcfpe&ive parimes of

in the county of	or,	in	the	feverai counties of

and	]	on	the	feverai	Sundays	herein-

after mentioned * videlicet [Jpecifying the days on which tin netites wen affixed.]	Signed	A,	B.

Sworn [or, foleronly affirmed] before u$, two of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace a&ing in and for the ' and fubferibed in Qur prefence, by the above named A, B. this	day	of

in the year	as	witnefs	our	hands	and	feals.

2 4

FORM

544 AnnoregniquadragelimoprlmoGEORGiiIII. C.109 [1801.

s

(B.)

FORM of AFFIDAVIT of CONSENT.

A* B. of	maketh oath and faith [or, being onto/ I

the people called Quakers, upon his or her folemn affirmation, faith J That he for {he} believes himfelf [or herfelf j to be interefted in the propofed inclofure of the	in the

[here defcribe the place, whether parljh, hamlet, or place'] in the county of	by virtue of [herefetforth the interejl of

the depohent]; [or] that he [or (he] believes that C. D. of for whom he [or (he] is guardian [et cetera, as the cafe may be] is interefted, et cetera; and that he [or (he] hath fecn a copy of an a£t [hereJit forth the title cf this alt] and atto a copy of the bill intended.to be prefcnted to parliament, and hath fubfcribed his [or her] name or hath fet his [or her] mark to the fame refpec-tivcly, and doth confent to the faid bill being palled into a law*

Signed or marked A\ B.

Sworn [or, folemnly affirmed] before us, two of his Majefty’s juft ices of the peace, a&ing in and for the	and	fubfcribed in our prefence,

by the above mentioned AB. this day of in the year	as	witnefs our hands and feais.

The fame form may be applied, mutatis mutandis, to the cafe ;	cf	feveral	perfons	whofe	interefts are joint, or whofe interefts,

though diftindl, are of a fimilar nature*

(C.)

FORM of AFFIDAVIT of ALLEGATIONS of the BILL,

A* B. of	maketh oath and faith, [or, being one of

the people called Quakers, upon his or her folemn affirmation, faith] That [here fet forth fucb of the feveralfalls alledged in the preamble of the bill as are within the knowledge of the witnefs] or, that he [or (he] is informed and verily believes that [here fet forthfuch of the faid fa&s as are within the belief of the witnefs.]

Signed A» B.

Sworn, [or, folemnly affirmed] before us, two of his ■ Majefty’s juftices of the peace, ailing in and for the	and	fubfcribed	in	our	prefence,

by the above named A. B. this day of in the year 96 witnefs our hands and feais.

FORM

1801.3 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Geokgii III 0.109, 345

,(D.)

FORM of AFFIDAVIT of ADMEASUREMENT.

A. B. of	maketh oath and faith, [*r, being one of

the people called Quakers, upon his folemn affirmation, faith] That he has furveyed and admeafured the feveral	land? in

the parilh or hamlet of	in	the	county of

[ir, counties of	] deferibed in the bill intended to be

?relented to parliament, and figned by the deponent, by the name or names] of and that the quantity of fuch lands amounts to	and no more, according to, fuch admeafurement, and

the beft of this deponent’s judgement.	A%	B*

Sworn |>r, folemnly affirmed] before us, two of his Majeliy’s juftices of the peace ading in and for the	and	fubferibed in our prefence

by the above pamed A. B. this day of \n the year	U	vyitnefs oqr hands apd feals.

PUBLIC

PUBLIC LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

Anno quadragefimo primo Georgix III. Regis,

Cap. 31.

An a<5t for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Thames at or near a place called Wilkinfon’s Gun Wharf, in the parifti of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe in the county of Surrey, to the town of Mitcham, in the parifh of Mitcham, in tne laid county; and alio divers collateral cuts or branches communicating from the fame to certain parifhes and places within the counties of Surrey and Kent.— [May 21, 1801.J

Proprietors incorporated by the name of fC The Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal.” Proprietors may raife fixty thoufand pounds-for making the canal by (hares of one hundred pounds each. Shares to be perfoaal eftate. Subscribers to have a vote for every (hare, but no perfon more than ten votes. Form of appointment of proxies. Proprietors may ralfe thirty thoufand pounds more if neceflary. Power to* raife money by mortgage. Firll general attembly to be within ten days after patting this aft at the London tavern, and afterwards on the third Tuefday in April yearly, not more than five miles from the canal. Chairman and committees to be appointed. Proprietors may make bye laws. General aflemblies for choofing committees to confift of one hundred and ten (hares. Attembly of proprietors may be fptciaily convened. General attembly to eledt ana appoint officers, and take fecurity from them. Officers, &c. to account. Powers of the committees. Com-« mittee8 to make calls. Shares may be forfeited, but no advantage to be taken of forfeiture without perfonal notice. On the death of fubferibers before fhare completed, executors may do it, Shares may be fold. Form of conveyance of (hares. Regulations as to the acquifition of ihares. Names of proprietors to be entered in h book, and certificates of their (hares to be delivered to them. The company of proprietors autborifed and empowered to make and maintain a canal navigable for boats, barges, and other vefTels from or out of the river Thames at or near a certain place called Wilkinfon’s Gun Wharf, in the pari/h of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe in Surrey, to or near a certain place called Woodpecker’s Lane, in the parilh of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in Kent, and from thence to, near, or through the feveral parilhes, towufbips, hamlets, and.places of Saint Giles, Camberwell, Walworth, Saint Mary, Lambeth, Kennington common, Stock well, Clapham, Balaam, alias BaJ-ham, Streatham, Upper Tooting, Lower Tooting, alias Tooting Gra-veney, to the town of Mitcham, in the parifli of Mitcham, all in Surrey; knd alfo divers collateral cuts from the faid canal near to his Majefty's victualling office into his Majefty’s dock yards and victualling offices in Kent, and from Woodpecker’s lane to Butt lane, in the parifhes of Saint Paul, Deptford, in Surrey, and Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in Kent, and to Peckham in the parith of Saint Giles, Camberwell, in Surrey, and through Camberwell to Horftmonger lane in the paiilh of Saint Mary, Newington, in Surrey, and from Kennington common in Surrey, to communicate with the river Thames near Cumberland gardens at Vaux-hall in Su.rey, The company may make navigable cuts and towing paths from any part of their canal, firfl having the confent of the owners pf lands through which the fiime are to be made. For protecting the waters of the river Wandle. Power to make rollers or ioclined planes, &c. Houfes, gardens. Sec. not to be injured. Canal and towing paths not to exceed thirty-three yards in breadth. Power to make a collateral

'347

i8ot.]	41	Geo. 3. c. 3a*.

rat into Greenland dock. If old roads deftroyed new ones to be made* PIhii and book ot' reference to be authenticated by the Speaker of the loule of c jmnr.ons, and depofited with the clerks of the peace for Surrey md Kent and the clerk of the company. The company (halt not deviate from the plan without content. Land owners omitted in the book af reference not to obttrult nuking: of the canal. Bodies politick, &c. empowered to tell and convey lands, and fatisfa&ion to be made. If parties are diftatisfied value to be ateertained by a jury. Notice of injury to be given to proprietors. What fatisfaltion to be made for tyrhes* Ver«di<5t to value of lands and damages to be ascertained Separately. Verdicts to be recorded. Power to $nter and tike poffrflion of lands, &c» on p lyment or tender of put chafe mooey.# For paying off mortgages 04 lands taken by the company. Application or compentetion money. Company empowered to retell lands on chief rents or abfolutely. Da* mages not provided for to be fettled. Rates of tonnage. For all free-ftone, limeftoiie, chalk, bricks, tiles, dates, corn in the draw, hay, ftraw, faggots, dung, n^anure, faml, ftones, and clay, two pence per ton per mile. For all cattle, calves, (heep, fwine, and other beafts; and lime, rough timber, hemp, bark, tin, iron, (lone, pig iron, and pig lead, three pence per ton per mile. For all coal, charcoal, coke, culm, dour, wheat, Iter’cy, oats, beans, peafe, malt, and potatoes, four pence p;r ton per mite. For all hops, fruit, goods, wares, merchandizes, and other things whatsoever, ttxpence per ton per mile. Regulations refpelting veflT-ls patting outlets or locks communicating with the river Thames, or palling any inclined plane. Three pence per tori for entering the batons. Rates and tolls imy be altered. x Matters of boats to give an account of their lading. Fifty cubic feet of fir or deal, balk, poplar or birch* and fifty feet of round and forty feet of Square oak, ath, elm or beech, to be deemed one ton weight. One hundred and twelve pounds weight of hops, coal, coke, culm, lime, tend, flate^ tin, freeftone, limeftone and all other commodities to be deemed one ton. Two thouiand two hundred and forty pounds weight to be deemed one ton. Power to fix the rate for parcels not exceeding five hundred pounds weight. Navigation to be free upon payment of rates. Further allowance to the company for goods remaining upon their wharfs a cer-taia time. Regulations for vefTels in the bafons. Drains to be made ta copvey water Irom the lands adjoining. For fencing o(f towing paths.

If bridges, &c. made by the company are insufficient, land owners may make others at their own expence* Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the company. Enabling the company to cleanfe the water-* courses at the land owners expence. Names to be fixed on the outfide of , boats. Matters and owners of veflels to be anfwerable for damages. Canal And collateral cuts not to be obftru&ed. Regulations for palling locks. Canal not to be under the power of commiflioners of iewers. Saving the rights of the city of London as confervators of the Thames. The company to pay to the city of London, for cutting into the. river Thames at Wilkinfon's gun wharf and Vauxhall, a fine of two guineas, and an annual rent of Sixty pounds. Subscribers compelled to pay their fubferiptions. Fines and forfeitures. Perfons aggrieved by irregularity in diftrefs to recover only the Special damages. Appeal, Limitation of actions. Treble cofU. Publick alt.

Cap. 32.

An alt for enabling Charlotta Bethell, widow, to make and maintain 4 navigable canal from the river Hull,-at a point in the parilh of Leven,* near the boundary between Efke and Leven Carrs, in the eatt riding of the county of York to Leven bridge, in the Said riding.—[.May *1,1801.]

Mr8. Bethell may make a canal at her own expence. About ten acres of copyhold land purchafed by Mrs. Bethell not to be demifed by copy, and lo much as may not be uied for the navigation to be vetted in her in fee* Breadth of canal and towing paths not to exceed forty-fiy yards.1

Canal

Public Local and Perfonal Acts, [i8oi.

Canal to he made purfuant to the plan left with the clerk of the peace for the eait riding of Yorkfhire. Canal not to be lubjt£t to the laws of fewers. Canal to be made purfuant to the determination of Mr. JelTop and Mr. Creaffy, engineers. ' Mrs. Bethel! to defray the expence of the engineers, and not to deviate from their determination, without content of truftees of the Holdernefs drainage. Mrs. Bethell to indemnity the truftees and proprietors of the Holdernefs drainage againft any injury to arifc from making the canal. Rates of tonnage. For all lime and lime-Rone, dung, foot, r&pe dull and other manure, lixpence per tou. For all coal and coak, nine p *nce per ton. For all wheats rye, beans, peafe, malt, oats, barley, rape feed, muftard feed, linfeed and other grain and feeds, and Bones, bricks, tiles, (1 ite and fand, one (hilling per ton. For all other goo Is, wares, merchanuize and things whitfoever, one ihilling per ton. Proprietors for the time being empowered to leafe the rates lor three years. Matters of boats to give an account of their lading. Navigation to be free upon payment of rates. Regulations of veflcls paffing the leeks. Coinpen fatten for tythes. Pcrfons giving falfe evidence guilty of perjury. Saving of the rights o? the lord of the dianor. Appeal. Limitation of adtions. Treble colts. Poblickadl..

Cap, 33.

adt for making and maintaining a railway from the town of Wandf-worth to the town of Croydon, with a collateral branch into the paiiih of Carflulton, and a navigable communication between the river Thames and the faid railway at Wandfworth, all in the county of Surrey.~-[May 21, 1801.]

Proprietors incorporated by the name of <c The Surrey Iron Railway Company." The company to make and maintain a railway from Rm field in the parifh of Wandfworth to Pitlake meadow in the town of Croydon, through the parifh of Wandfworth, and through the hamlet of Garratt, and the pari flies of Streatham, Tooting, Wimbledon, Merton, Mitcham, Beddington and Croydon, and the hamlet of Waddon; and alfo a collateral branch from the faid railway from Mitcham common, through the hamlet of Wallington to Hack bridge in Wallington, or in the parifh of Carfhalton; and alfo a dock or bafon, with a lock, cuts, and other works, for the paffege of boats, barges, Sec. from the laid intended railway at Ram field into Wandfworth creek, thereby to communicate with the river Thames in the parifh of Wandfworth, all in Surrey. Houfes and gardens not to be injured, except fuch as are mentioned. Plan and book of reference, authenticated by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, to be depofited with the clerk of the peace for Surrey and the clerk of the company. Not to deviate from the plan without the confent of land owners. Breadth of the land for railway not to exceed twenty yards. Bodies politick, Sec. empowered to fell and convey lands. Commiflioners for fettling differences. On application of proprietors or land owners commiflioners to meet. Commiflioners to fettle differences, but a jury may be fummoned in certain cafes. VeriikBs to be recorded, and 4artds .vetted in the company, upon payment of the value of lands, or compenfation for damages. Application of cornpenfation money, Cornpenfation to be made in lieu of tythes. Proprietors may raife thirty-five thoufand pounds by (hires of one hundred pounds each, to be numbered, and deemed perfonal efiate. Names of proprietors to be entered in,a book, and tickets of their (hares delivered to them. Proprietors may raife fifteen thoufand pounds more, if neceflary, by fubferiprion or mortgage. First general affembly to be held .at Wandfworth the fecond Tliurfday after patting tins ad, and on the first Thurttlay in June yearly, and committee to be ele<5ted. Afl'emblies of proprietor may be fpcci.illy convened. Officers to be appointed, who are to give fecurity. Committee may make calls. Committee may appoint fub-committees, with power to make contrails. Scc. Books of account to be kept, shares may be fold. Rates of tonnage. For goods, wares. Sec. carried or conveyed into or out of the dock or baton, four pence per ton. For •	goods.

i&oi.]	41 Geo. 3. c. 54*.

goods, dec. carried upon the railway,, all dung, two pened per ton per mile. For all lkncftone, chalk, lime and manure, (except dung) day, breeze, allies, land and bricks, three pence per ton per mile. For all tin, copper, lead, iron, Hone, flints, coals, charcoal, coke, culm, fuller's earth, corn and feeds, flour, malt and potatoes, four pence per ton per mile* For all other goods, &c. fixpence per ton per mile. Company empowered to leafe the rates for seven years. Matters of veflHs add waggons, &c. to give an account in writing of their lading. Wo waggons to pafs on the railway, unlefs conftrudted as directed by the company. Company or committee tQ regulate the palTage on the railway fand the the ufing of the dock. Company empowered to make and ere& gates, &c. under direction of the commiflioners. Owners and occupiers of lands to pafs along railway. For fencing oft' railways. Lords of manors. See. may ere& wharfs on their own lands; but if they refufe, when re. quired, the company may ered them. To compel payment of fubferip-tions. Authorifing the company to make collateral railways with confent of the owners of lands. Saving the rights of the city of London as confervators of the river Thames. The company1 to pay to the city of London a fine of one guinea,, and an annual rent or ten pounds, for cutting into the river Thames. Recovery of forfeitures. Appeal. Treble cofts. Fublick ad.

Cap. 54.

An ad for building a pier at Sbeernefs, in the ifle of Sheppy, in the county of-Kent; for afeertaining, impoiing, and recovering certain duties, for the fupporting, maintaining and keeping in repair the ftid pier ; for paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving the highways, streets, lanes, and other publick paflages and places, within that part of the parifh of Mintter in theTaid ifle of Sheppy (which lietH near his Majefty's dock yard and garrifon of Sheernefs) called Blue Town and Mile Town; and for preventing nuifances, annoyances and obftrudions therein.—[June, so, 1801.J

Commiflioners appointed. First meeting of commiflioners on Monday fortnight after pafling this ad. Proceedings of commiflioners to be entered in a book, and officers appointed, who fliall give fecurity, and treafurer and colledors to account. Duties to be paid. Every matter of every (hip or vcflel, who (hall lade or unlade at the faid pier any corn, grain, or feeds, or goods, baggage, parcels or paflengers, pafling from port to port, (hall pay for every twenty quarters of wheat, meal, rye, barley, peak,, beans, tares, muftard feed, canary feed, and feeds, ib laden and unladen there, fixpence, and for every twenty quarters of malt or oats, three pence, and four pence in the pound upon the freight of goods, wdres, and merchandize, baggage and parcels, and the fare of paflengers. Duties on imports and exports. Every matter of every (hip or vcflel, who fhall lade or unlade goods, &c. coming from or to be tranfported to parts beyond the feas, fhall pay in regard of his freight, for every twenty quarters of wheat, meal, rye, barley, peafe, beans, tares, muftard feed, canary feed, and feeds, nine pence; and for every twenty quarters of malt or oats four pence halfpenny, and for beer or other goods, baggage, parcels and paflengers, four pence for every twenty (hillings freight. Rates .and duties mentioned in the fchedule to this ad to be paid by merchants, Sec. Goods, 8cc. to be landed and (hipped at and from the pier only Duty upon coals, coke, cinder, &c« imported or exported from the faid towns, one (hilling a chaldron or ton. Commiflioners to prevent annoyances. Saving the rights of the city of Rochefter and city of London. Commiflioners may let pier duties. Property of pavements, &c. vetted in the commiffionera. Commiflioners to caufe highways and streets, 8cc. to be repaired and paved. Lamps to be fet up and houses numbered. Commiflioners may purchafe or hire ground for getting materials or for building a watch' houfe. Watchmen to be appointed. Commiflioners may make rates for paving not exceeding one (hilling in the pound, for cleanfing, lighting and watching not

exceeding

Public Local and-Perfonal A&s, £rSot.

exceeding nine pence In the pound. Comiftiffioners may borfrow money. Power to purchafe lands ami buildings, &c. Appeal. Limitation of actions. Treble cofts. Publick ad.

Cap. 56.

An ad for dividing; allotting and inclofing the foreft or chafe of Need* wood, in the county of Stafford.—[June %o, 1801.]

WHERE AS the King's moft excellent majesty is feifed to hhnfelf, hitf heirs and fucceffors, of the foreft or chafe of Need wood, containing about nine thoufand four hundred acres of land, lying within the honour or lordfhip of Tutbury, parcel of the eftates and poflefiions of the duchy of Lancafterin the* county of Stafford, fubjedt neverthelefc to fuch common of paftnrage ami 01 her rights, as the freeholders and copy-holders of mefluftges, lands and tenements, fituate and being within the feveral town (hips of An flow, Barton under Needwood, Callingwood, -Coton, Draycott, Dunfta.l Fawlde, Hampftall Ridware, Hanbury, Han-bury Wood End, Hoarcrofs, Houndhill, Marchington, Marchington Woodlands, Moreton, Newborongh with Thorney Lanes, RoHefton, Tatenhill, Tutbury, Stubly Lane, and Yoxall, in the county of Stafford, and the townlhip of Scropton in the county of Derby, or the tenants or occupiers thereof for the time being, arc entitled unto, within and upon the laid foreft or chafe, and likewife fubjed to the rights of the feversi perfons in refped of their feveral eftates hereinafter mentioned, to certain kinds of eftovers, within and upon the fame foreft or chafe, that is to fey, Of the redor and vicar of the parifh of Hanbury for the time being, for the repairs of the chancel of the church of Harfbury, and of the ircdorial and vicarial houft8 of the faid narifli; of the reverend John . Arden, clerk, as o*ner of Longcroft Hall, with its appurtenances; of Thomas Whitaker, efquire, as owner of Blakenhall, with its appmte-- nances; and Of the honourable Elizabeth Meynell, widow of Hugo Meynell the younger, efquire, deceafed, as owner of a capital meffuage and lands in Ho&rcrofs, and alfo as owner of certain mills called Wood-mills, in the faid foreft or chafe: and whereas the faid foreft or chafe is divided into and confifts of four diftind and feparate. wards ordiftritfs, called by the refpedive names of Tutbury Waed, Marchington Ward, Yoxall Wnrd, and Barton Ward, the refpedive boundaries whtreof arc in general afeertained by certain marks or meers, and* are for 'the moft part well known * and whereas the faid four feveral wards of the faid foreft or chafe refpedively lie, or are reputed to lie, within the feveral parifhes following, (that is to fay) Tutbury Ward within* the parifh of Tutbury, Marchington Ward within the parifh of Hanbury, Yoxall Ward within the parifh of Yoxall, and Barton Ward within the parilh of Tatenhill, all which faid parifhes are within the county of Stafford t and whereas the moft noble william duke of Devonflrire is redor impropriate of the faid parilh of Tutbury, and owner of all redorial tythes ari/ing within the fame parilh, and is alfo patron of the vicarage of Tutbury aforefaid, and Jofeph Clowes, clerk, is the prefent vicar of the faid parilh t and whereas the honourable and right reverend father in God James lord biihop of Lichfield and Coventry is, in right of his faid fee, the prefent redor of the faid parilh of Hanbury, and is alfo patron of the vicarage of Hanbury aforefaid, and Hugh Bailye, clerk, is vicar of the faid parilh, arid as fuchrthey the faid ,biihop of Lichfield and Coventry, and Hugh Bailye are, according to their Teveral and refpedive rights, entitled to all tythes, both great and final], arifing within the faid parifh of 'Hanbury j and whereas Robert Cheney, efquire, is leflee to the fiid biihop of all the tythes of the faid parilh of Hanbury, belonging to the redor thereof: and whereas the honourable Mary Leigh is patronefs of the redory of Yoxall, and the reverend Thomas Clare, dodor in divinity, is the prefent redor ofthe faid parifh, and as fuch entitled to all tythes arifing within the fame : and whereas the reverend Baptift Proby, dodor in divinity, dean of the cathedral church of Lichfield, is in right cf his faid deanery the prefent redor of the faid parifh of Tatenhill, and

Boi.J	4t	Geo.	$.	c.	5?*.

f virtue thereof Is entitled to all tythes anting withiri thefud parifli t id whereas the feveral reCtors and vicars herein-before particularly amed, and their leffecs and tenants, claim to be entitled*, •according- to leir refjieCHve rights and intereft, to all fuch tythes in kind as ihatt ercafter arife within fhe faid refpeCtive wards of the faid foreft or chafer 5 lying within their faid feveral and refpeCtive pinOies, in cafe the faid or chafe (hall be oifaffortfted and difeharged from rights of foreft ad chafe : and whereas the foil of the faid foreft or chafe being in general f a rich and fertile nature, and being in the *icin tv of the city of »ichfield, the town of Derby, and feveral other m:<nurturing towns in he counties of Stafford and Derby, would, if divided into juft propor-ions, not only become very beneficial and advantageous to the parties nterefted therein, but would be ot great puhlick utility. Commiffidnert ppointed for fetting out, dividing, affigning, allotting and inclolingthe ‘aid foreft or chafe of Needwood. Surveyors appointed. Survey to be le live red to commiffioners, and certified on oath. For efUbbfhing the boundaries ridden by the woodmote jury. For ascertaining the boun«* iaries of the four wards. Timber and young trees to be valued. A tenth of the value of the timber to be paid by the crown for the ufe of the freeholders and copyholders. Commiffioners to fei out roads and appoint a furveyor. A map to be made of the roads. Allotments to the tythe owners. Foreft difeharged of tythes. Allotment to the free* holders and copyholders. His Majefty empowered to grant to the keepers their lodges and lands. For vetting the new lodge in his Majefty. For vetting in his Majefty all incroachments now in his pofltflion. Incroachments vetted in the reputed owners in fee. Confirmation of copyhold and other lands inclofed. Allotment to the King. InftruClions for the commiffioners as to the mode of allotting on the grand drvifton. Righto of certain perfons to common of eftovers, and for making a com pen ration by way of rent charge. An award on the grand divifion. Allot* meats to be accepted in lieu of former rights/ Seven hundred and fifty acres of land may be fold, to make a fund for expences. Power for leafing the King’s allotments with privileges as to timber. From December 25, 1801, the foreft or chafe of Needwood to be difafforefted. Powers for reCtors and vicars to grub and clear the land and grant leafes. For taking a Ihi vey of the feveral townfhips in the foreft. Commiffioners to appoint a facial meeting for receiving claims. Mode of fubdividing the commoners allotment. Allotments to be inclofed, Commiffioners to make their final award, to be enrolled in the duchy court of Lancafter, and filed with the cltrk of the peace for the cotinty of Stafford. CoiA-mifli oners to account with the proprietors. For valuing and allotting the the holly trees. Like compenl'ations may be made in money for hollys as for young odes. For discharging old inclofures from the payment of tythes. Protecting trees, woods and fences. Recovery ot penalties. Appeal to the exchequer, duchy court, or quarter feilions. Limitation of actions. General mue. General laving. Publick aCt

Cap. 57.

An a& ta enable the corporation of The Royal Exchange Afiurance, to allure vettels, barges, keels, boats, and other craft employed in inland navigation, and the goods, merchandizes and effects laden therein.—* [June so, x8oi.]

XJI7HEREAS by virtue of an aCt of parliament, patted in the sixth year VV of the reign of his late majtfty King George the First, intituled, An aCt for better securing certain powers and privileges intended to be granted, by his Majefty, by two charters for atturance of fhips and merchandizes at fea, and for lending money upon bottomry, and tor reftrain-ing feveral extravagant and unreafonable practices therein named, his f-iid Majefty did, by his letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date at Weftminfter the twenty-fecond day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty, incorporate divers perfons therein named, to he a corporation in deed and in name, and to have a perpetual

lucccffion

Public Local and Perfonal Afls, [1801.

fueceflkm and a common feal, by the name of 'I'he Royal Exchange Aflurance for infilling Ships and Goods at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry: and whereas, fmce the granting the pud charter, a very confiderable and beneficial trade has been entered into and carried on, in the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by means of canals, in which are employed vefTcls, badges, keels, boats, and other craft \ and it would be a great benefit to the publick if the laid corporation were enabled to allure the "fame, and the goods, merchandizes and efteds laden therein; but doubts have arifen whether-the laid corporation have power fo to do; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for the laid corporation, called The Royal Exchange Aflurance, and their fucceflors, from and after the pafling of this ad, and for ever thereafter, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, to afliire veflels, barges, keels, boats, and all other craft employed in any inland navigation in the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the goods, merchandizes and effedi laden therein, from all and every rifk which may arife from and during the laid navigation.

II.	And be it further epaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any adioo or fuit fhall be commenced, brought, or profecuted againft the laid corporation of The Royal Exchange Aflurance for infuring Ships at Sea, dr going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, by any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, for or concerning any aflurance or afluranees hereby authorifed to be made, or relating to the powers hereby granted, the laid corporation and their fucceflors may, in fuch adion or fuit, plead the general iflue, and give .the fpecial matter in evidence.

III.	And be it further enaded, That this ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad, and all judges, juftices, and other perfons, are hereby required to take notice of this ad as fuch, without fpedaUy pleading the fame.

Cap. 58.

An ad to enable the corporation of The London Aflurance to afliire veflels, barges, keels, boats and other craft employed in inland navigation, and the goods, merchandizes and eifeds laden therein.— [June so, 1801.]

Cap. 71.

An act for enabling the company of proprietors of the grand junction canai more effedually to provide for the difeharge of their debts, and to complete the whole of the works to be executed by them, in pur-fuance of the feveral ads of the thirty-third, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, thirty-fixth and thirty-eighth years of the reign or his prefent Majefty; and for altering and enlarging the powers and proviflons of the Bud ads.—[June so, i8ox.J

The company may raife the further fum of one hundred and fifty thou-fand pounds, or create new fhares, half (hares, quarter (hares, or eighth parts of (hares, or borrow money on promiflory notes. For confirming deviations made under the powers of former ads. For adjufting the mode of fettling contrads refpeding copyhold lands. Power given to the company to divide (hares, half (hares. &c. into (hares of twelve pounds and ten (hillings each. Names of owners of (hares to be entered m books. Regulating the ufe of pleafure boats on the canal. Regulating railways and (tone roads. Power to diftrain coals, See. on wharfs for the rates. Authoring the company to refer matters in difpute to arbitration. The corporation of London to be entitled to the toll or duty of one halfpenny a ton, granted by 17 Geo, 3, The company to be entitled

353

i8oi.]	41	Geo..3. c. 86*.

to the toll or duty of one halfpenny a ton, granted by 33 Geo. 3. and to pay the corporation of London fix; hundred pounds per annum for ever* Publick alt. .

Cap. 86.

An a& for extending and enlarging The powers, and increafing the rates and duties of the corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Newcaftle upon *Tyne, and for better regulating the port of Newcaftle.— [June so, ' xftox.1

1

WHEREAS the matter, pilots, and feamen, of the Trinity Houfe of Newcaftle upon Tyne, in the county of Newcaftle upon Tyne, have been for a long feries of years a corporation, and by long ufage, and by virtue of divers letters patent granted to them by the crown, have poftefled, exercifed, and enjoyed various powers, privileges and franchifes, and particularly the power of appointing and liccnfing pilots for conducting (hips or veftels up and down the river of Tyne, and into and out of the port of Newcaftle, and the creeks and members belonging thereto, and of ereCting, placing and maintaining lights, buoys and beacons, in the faid port and river; and have, during all fuch time, had, received and taken divers rates, dues and duties, for and in refpeCt of the charges and expences attending the ufe, exercife and performance of fuch powers, franchifes and privileges, whereby the trade and navigation of the faid, port and river, and of the creeks and members belonging thereto, have been much promoted and increafed : and whereas it would/ greatly tend to the further increafe of fuch trade ,and navigation, and to the fecurity of fhips and veftels trading to the faid port, and the creeks and members thereof, if fuch powers and privileges were extended and enlarged, and if fuch dues and duties were rCafonahly increafed, fo as to enable the faid matter, pilots and feamen, fo incorporated as afore faid, fully and effectually to ufe and exercife the faid powers and privileges, for the, benefit of the tjade and navigation of the faid port, and of the creeks and members thereof: and whereas great inconveniences are experienced in the faid ,port and river, from the want of regulations as to the'navigating and mooring (hips ancj other veftels in the fame, which might be avoided if the mayor ana burgefles of the town and county of the town of Newcaftle <ifore(aid, who*are confervators of the laid port and river, were enabled to appoint harbour matters to regulate the navigating and mooring of (hips and other veftels in the faid port and river. The corporation of the Trinity Houfe are to licenfe pilots, who arc to have the exclu-five privilege of navigating fhips up and down the river Tyne. If any other perfon than a licenfed pilot (hall navigate any veftel he (hall forfeit 201. Pilots to pay forty (hillings for their licence. Pilots miibehaving, to forfeit forty (hillings and their fees j and their licences may be withdrawn. Corporation of Trinity Houfe may make bye laws. See. and impofe penalties for breach of them. Foreign (hips obliged to employ pilots $ Britilh (hips to employ them cr not, as they think proper. Rates of pilotage. For every Britilh (hip or other vefl*el piloted and conduced into or out of the faid port of Newcaftle, or any of the creeks or members thereof, between the first day of April and the first day of October one (hilling and three pence for every toot of water which fuch veftel lhall draw, and for every fuch (hip or veftel fo piloted between the first day of October and the first day of April one (hilling and fixpence per foot. For every (hip or veftel.at any time of the year piloted and conducted up or down the river Tyne between North Shields or South Shields, and any part of the faid river above the Bill Point, one (hilling .and fixpence for every foot of water fuch (hip or veftel lhall draw $ and for every fuch (hip or veftel, fo piloted and conducted up or down any part of the faid river below the Bill Point, one (hilling a foot. For every foreig# (hip or other ve(Tel piloted and conducted as aforefaid, the rates aforefaid, and over and above the fame fixpence for every foot of water every foreign (hip (hall draw; and for every fuch foreign (hip having lee* Voi. XLIII.	A	a	boards

*

Public Local and Perfonal Adts, [1801.

boards five (hillings. Rates for fupporting two light houfcs at North Shields. For every loaden Britifh (nip, not exceeding the burthen of one hundred tons,* regilter tonnr.ge, eleven pence; for bvery fuch (hip above one hundred tons, and not exceeding two hundred tons, one (hilling and one penny; for every fhip above two hundred tons, and not exceeding three hundred tons, one (lulling and three pence; and foi evtry fhip above three hundred tons burthen, one (hilling and five pence; and for every leaden foreign fhip.two (hillings. Ships coming into and returning out of port light, to pay the lightage duty as if fuch (hip had come in or returned out loaded. Ships driven back by ftrefs of weather not to pay duties. Dues for buoys and beacons. For every loaden Britifh (hip, not exceeding the burthen of fifty register tons, four pence; for every fuch (hip above fifty tons, and not exceeding one hundred tom, nine pence; for every fhip above one hundred tons, but not two hun-hundred tons, eleven pence; for every fhip above two hundred tons, but not exceeding three hundred tons, one (hilling and one penny; and for every fhip above three hundred tons, one (hilling and three pence; and for every loaden foreign (hip one (hilling and fixpence. Ships coming in and returning out light to pay as if fuch fhip had come in or returned out loaded. Not to extend to (hips of war nor fifhing vefiels. Corporation of NewcafUe to appoint harbour matters. None to be appointed harbour matters but members of the Trinity Houfe, or perfons certified as fit by them. The corporation of NewcafUe may make bye laws. Holy ((land declared to be a member of NewcafUe. All the powers of this ad, as to licehfing pilots and buoys and beacons, extended to Holy Ifland. The corporation of the Trinity Houfe to take duties for buoys and beacons at Holy Ifland. Saving the right of various perfons. Members of the corporation of the Trinity Houfe may be vyitnefles. Appeal. Publick ad.

Cap. 120.

An ad for the eftablirtiment of fchools for the education of poor children in the county palatine of Durham.—’[June 23, 1801. ]

The allotment of one twetity-fourth part of certain commons in the county of Durham to the bifhop of Durham, (hall remain veiled in him and his fucccffors in trull, for the eilablifhment of fchools for the education of poor children of the faid county of Durham. The bifhop of 'Durham,.with the concurrence of other perfons, empowered to make regulations for the management of the'fchools. General laving. Pub-lick ad.

Cap. 127.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or from near the town of Croydon, in the county of Surrey, into the Grand Surrey Canal, in the parifh of St. Paul, Deptford, in the county of Surrey; and for supplying the towns of Croydon, Streatham and Dulwich, and the diftrid called Norwood, in the parifh of Croydon, in the faid county of Surrey; and the. town of Sydenham, in the county of Kent, with water from the faid canal.—[June 27, 1801.]

Certain perfons incorporated by the name of w The Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal." Empowered to make the canal, aqueduds, See. Deviation near New Crofs. Where roads are injured others are to be injured. Proteding the water of the river Wandlc. Proteding the water of the river Rwenfbourne. Houfcs or gardens not to be taken or injured, except thofe fpecified. For making a certain road to the canal. Plan and book of reference to be authenticated by the fpeaker of the houfe Of commons. Not to deviate from the fine hud down in the.plan. Width of canal and towing paths. Regulation as to a fupply of water from the Grand Surrey Canal to the Croydon. Appointment

i8oi.]

41 Geo. 3.C. 131*.

pointment of engineers. Bodies politick and corporate, and other incapa-cited perfons empowered to fell and convey lands for the purpofes of the canal. The words “Grant, Bargain and Sell,” to operate as covenants for the title. Application of rent and purchafe money. For purchaling waltc land8 in the parilh of Croydon. Commifiioners for fettling differences between the company and the proprietors of lands, &c. If parties are difiatisfied with the commifiioner’s determination, they may caufe a jury to be impannelled to decide the matter. For making fatisfadion for ty the a. Refpe&ing the fupply of water by pipes. See. to the inhabitants of Croydon, Sydenham, Dulwich and Streatham and Norwood. Nqt to inj ure the proprietors of a patent for conveying water to East Greenwich, Sec. The company may raife fif^r theufand pounds by (hares of one hundred pounds each. Shares to be perfonal eftate. Power to raife if ne-ceffary thirty thoufand pounds more by morgage. The first general af— fembly of the company to be on the third monday after palling this ad, and on the first monday in June yearly. A committee to be elected. Officers to the company to be appointed. Committee to make calls. Shares may be fold. Names of proprietors and the number of their (hares to be entered in a book and tickets with the numbers delivered to them. Rates. For all timber, ftone, coals, bricks, tiles, and all other goods and commodities, three-pence, per ton per mile. For dung, chalk, marie, clay, lime, compoft and other articles ufed for manure, one penny halfpenny per ton per mile. Tolls for pafling on the towing paths. For every norfe two-pence. For every drove of oxen, one (lulling and eight-pence per fcore. For every drove of fwine, (heep or lambs, ten-pence per fcore. Company empowered to leafe the rates. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Drains to be made to convey water from the lands adjoining and watering places for cattle. For fencing towing paths ahd making bridges. Lords of mandra and land owners may ere# wharfs. Regulations for boats .palling locks. Saving the rights of the city of London as confcrvators of the Thames. Forty pounds a year to be paid to the city of London for cutting into the Thames. Appeal. Limitation of actions* General ifiue. Double cofts. Pubiick a<5t.

Cap. 131.

An adl for forming, paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, watering, and otberwife improving and keeping in repair, the streets, (qnares and other pubfick paflages and places which are and (hall be made upon certain pieces or plots of ground in the parifh of Saint Pancras in the county of Middlesex, belonging to the right honourable Ann dowager fcaronefs Southampton.—[July a, 1801 ]	'

Certain perfons to be commifiioners for five years from the 44th of June 1801, and at expiration thereof the owner or owners of the freehold and twenty one of the inhabitants to be ele&ed annually, are to be the commifiioners. Commifiioners* oath. Meeting of commifiioners.. Re-ftri&ions as to revoking orders. Proceedings of commifiioners to be en-tered in a book. Officers to be appointed to give fecurity and to account. Commifiioners to pave and repair streets, &c. The hrea of (quares to be made under the direction of lady Southampton. Commifiioners may purchafe or hire ground for getting materials, Sec. Property of pavements to be veiled in commifiioners. Lamps to be fet up, and streets named and houses numbered. Commifiioners may water streets. Commifiioners may contract for performing works ana employ furveyors and fue and compound for breach of contracts. Commifiioners annually to make out account of receipts and diftmrlements. For preventing encroachments; Penalties on occafioning nuifances. Hoards may beereSed. Penalty ou leaving carriages, &c. in the streets. Scavenger’s duty. Regulations for repairing water pipes. Commifiioners of fewers to repair drains, See. and owners of pipes to pay expences. Watchmen to be appointed. Rates ' to be laid on houfes, See. Commifiioners may borrow fifty thoufand pounds on mortgage. Annuities, &c. Recovery of penalties. Commif-

a a 1	fioners

Public Loca! and Perfonal Ads, &c. fi8oi.

fioners may aft as juftices. Inhabitants may give evidence. Comraiffion-ers to Axe or be fued in the name of the treafurer or clerk. To enable lady Southampton to place walls, &c. at the end of the streets adjoining the eft^tes of other perfon9 where no communication of way or pafiage at the time of pa Ain g this aft. Appeal. Rates or proceedings not to be quathed for want of form or removed by Cerdorari. Plaintiff (hall not recover after tender of fufficient amends. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form, limitation of aftioiu. General ilTue. Treble coftsw Publick aft.

Cap. 140.

An act for changing the feite of Downing College, in . the univerlity of Cambridge, and for providing a fund for the purchafe of fuch feite, and creftirig the proper buildings thereon.—[July a, 1&01.J

Will of fir George Downing baronet, dated December ao, 1717. Proceedings, in the court of chancery. Conveyance of a piece of ground called Dolls Clofe in Cambridge, to the heirs at law of fir George Downing to build the college. His Majefty’s charter dated September as, 1800. recited. Power given to the college to purchafe a new feite under the direftion of the court of chancery and to fell the old one. Incapacitated perfons may convey fuch new feite to the college. Purchafers to pay their purchafe money into the bank Until a purchafe of real eftate, money to be laid out in the purchafe of navy, victualling, or exchequer bills to be depofited in the bank. Certificate of accountant general to be a fufficient difeharge to purchafers. Power is given to the college under the direftion of the court of chancery to borrow money upon mortgage for defraying the expences of the building. General faving. Publick aft.



5^

>

AS

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

T O T H E

FIRST PART OP the XLIIT VOLUME

OF THE

STATUTES at LARGE-

Palled in the forty-firft Year of the Reign of King George III. in the Year of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred and one; being the first Seffion of the first Parliament of the United Kingdom of Gnat Britain and Ireland, which began the twenty-fecond Day of January, and ended by prorogation the fecond Day of July, one thoufand eight hundred and one.

*#• Thofe references marked thus, Chap. 5*. will he found among# the Public Local and Perfonal Alts, at the End of the Seffion.

A.

Abercromby, Lady.

T?OR fettling an annuity of 2,000/. X1 on lady Abercromby and the two next perfons to whom the title of baron Abercromby fhal defeend. Chap. 59.

Accounts.

When upon any account declared or recorded in the court of exchequer in England, or on judgement of that court, any debt {hall be due to his Majefty; a copy of fuch account, &c. fhall on application-be exemplified and transmitted to the exchequer court in Ireland, where it fhall be inrolled and procefs iffued againft the debtors. Body and efFe&s there, * and the debt when recovered, to be remitted to die exchequer in Eng-/W, and the like regulations on declared accounts recorded in the court of exchequer in Ireland. Chap. 90.

Ale Licences. 1 See Stamps. Chap. 86.

America.

1.	A& 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 34. for permitting the importation of goods from America continued to the end of the war. Chap. 87.

2.	See Bounties. Chap. 13.

3.	See Ireland. Chap. 95.

4.	See Prize Courts. Chap. 96.

Annuities..

1.	Contributors towards railing

28,000,000/. by way of annuities for every 100/. entitled to the principal fum of 125/. 3 per cent. confolidated annuities, from Jan. 5, 1801, and a principal of 50/. 15*. in 3 per riirf.reduced annuities, from U£i. 10, 1800. Chap. 3.

2.	See Ireland. Chap. 45.

Antigua.

To continue adt for making the port of Saint John's in the ifland yf Antigua a free port. Chap. 87.

Apprenticejhip.

See Stamps. Chap. 22. a A 3	Apprt

Boo Appropriation.

For granting to his Maijefty certain fums of money out o( the con-folidated funds of Great Britain and Ireland, for applying certain monies therein-mentioned for the service of" .the year 1801, and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this fefiion of parliament. Chap. 84.

Armorial Bearings.

For transferring the receipt and management of duties on certificates for ufing armorial bearings from the commlffioners of (tamps to the com-mi (Goners for the affairs of taxes* Chap. 69.

Auctions.

See Ireland. Chap. 45.

Authors.

See Books. Chap. 107.

B.

Bankers.

FOR better prevention of forgery of the notes and bills of exchange of perfons carrying on the bufixicfs of bankers. Chap. 57.	,

Bank Notes.

For more effe&ually preventing the forgery of bank notes, bank' bills of exchange and bank port bills. Chap. 39.

. Bills of Exchange. *

See Stamps. Chap, jo*

Bonds.

See Stamps.• Chap. 10. 86.

1Books.

For encouragement of learning in Great Britain and Ireland\ by fe-curing the copies and copy.right of printed books to the authors of fuch ooks or their affigns. Chap. 107.

Can

Bottles.

, Soe Ireland. Chap. 45.

Bounties.

1.	For incrcafing the bounties grant* ed by a<Sl of laft fefiion, c. 10. on flour imported from America, in (hips which (hall have cleared out between' certain periods. Chap. *3- .

2.	See Ireland. Chap. 34, 45.

Bread. ,

1.	To amend a& 36 Geo. 3. c. 22. for permitting bakers to make and fell certain forts of bread. Cbap. 12.

2.	See Corn. Chap. 2.

Bricks.

See Excife. Chap. 91.

C.

Canals, Navigable.

1.	T70R making and maintaining a J7 navigable canal from the river

’Thames at Rotherhithe, to Mitcham in Surrey and divers collateral cuts and branches. Chap. 31*.

2.	For enabling Charlotta Bethell} widow, to make and maintain a navigable canal,from the river Hull, to Leven Bridge in the East Riding of Torkjhirt. Chap. 32*.

3.	For making and maintaining a railway from Wandfworth, to Croy-don, and a navigable communication between the river Thames and the faid railway at Wandfworth in Surrey. Chap. 33*.

4.	For enabling the company of proprietors of the grand junction canal more effe&t^lly to provide for the difeharge of their debts* and complete their works. Chap. 71*.

5.	For making and maintaining 2 navigable canal from Croydon in

Svrrtjt

Cop

Surrey* into the grand Surrey canal at Deptford^ and for supplying Croydon^ Streatham, Dulwich and Norwood in Surrey, and Sydenham in Kent with water, from the faid canal. Chap. 127*"

Cape of Good Hope.

A£k 37 Geo. 3. c. 21. refpeding the trade of the Cape of Good Hope, revived and continued. Chap. jg.

Cards.

1.	Duties on playing cards imported into Great Britain. Chap. 87.

2.	See Stamps« Chap. 86.

Chancery.

Where in any fuit between party and party or proceedings in cafes of minors, &c. orders fhall be made for payment of money, &c. by the court of chancery! n England, a copy thereof (hall be certified to the court of chancery in Ireland\ where it fhall be in-rolled, and procefs iflued, and the like regulations as to the court of chancery in Ireland. Chap. 89.

Coals.

See Ireland. Chap. 33.

Commons, Houfe of.

See Parliament. Chap. 52. '

Conftables.

To extend the powers of ad 27 Geo. 2. c. 3. for securing to conftables and others, the expences of conveying offenders to gaol, and for al-Idwing to high conftables their charges in certain cafes. Chap. 78.

Copper.

for altering the laws now in force relatihg to the importation and ex-portation of copper, for repealing

Dee	259

cirtain duties and drawbacks on fuch emportation and exportation, and for fubftituting newduties and drawbacks in lieu thereof. Chap. 68.

Corn.

I. To fufpend until March25, tf8oi, fo much of aft 41 Geo. 3. c. 16. as relates to other grain than wheat, and for indemnifying perfons who have drefled any meal or flour of fuch other grain finer than is pre-fcribed by the faid alt. Chap. i.

• 2. To repeal ad 41 Geo. 3. c. 16. and to indemnify millers and others who have drefled, fold or ufed any meal or flour of a finer defcription than allowed by the faid ad. Chap.

3.	See Ireland. Chap. 36.

Cujloms.

1.	For granting duties of cuftoms on; timber, fugar, raisins and pepper imported and on lead exported. Chap. 28.

2.	See Letters of Marque. Chap. 76.

D.

Danifh Ships.

£)EE RuJJta. Chap. 46.

Debts to the King•

* For more fpeedy and efFedual recovery of debts due to his Majefty in right of the crown of the united king-1 dom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for the better adminiflration of juftice within the fame. Chap, go*

Debtors.

For further relief of debtors with refped to the imprifonment of their perfons. Chap. 74.

* Deeds.

#

See Stamps. Chap. io. 86. a a 4	'	D;

360	Exe

Dice.

Sec Stamps- Chap. 86*

Diftillers.

. See Ireland. Chap. 47.

Downing College.

For changing the (cite of Downing College in the univerfity of Cambridge, and for providing a fund for the pur-chafe of fuch feite, and eroding buildings thereon. Chap. 140*.

Dublin.

15,000/. for defraying the charge of the workhoufe and foundling hof-pital in Dkblin%znd for amending two acts relating thereto. Chap. 50.

Dublin Society.

See Ireland. Chap. 73.

Durham.

For eftablifhment of fchools for the education of poor children in the county palatine or Durham. Chap. 120**

\

E.

Eajl Indies.

§EE Rice- Chap. 37.

Elephant Oil.

See Oil. Chap. 42.

Exchequer.

Orders for payment of money made by the court of exchequer in England\ (hall on application be certified to the court of exchequer in Ireland, where theyfhall beinrolled and procefs iffiied, and rhe like regulations as to the court of exchequer in Ireland. Chap. 90.

Fra

. Exchequer Bills.

1.	Treafury may iffue exchequer bills for the service of the year 1801. Chap. 4.

2.	Treafury may raife 2,ooo,oco/. by exchequer bills. Chap. 81.

3.	Treafury may raife 6,500*000/. more. Chap. 82.

4.	Treafury may raife 3,ooo»ooo/. more. Chap. 83.

Excife.

1.	For better regulation and collection of certain duties of excife. Chap. 91.

2.	See Letters of Marque. Chap. 76.

F.

Fines.

iSeE JuJlices. Chap. 85.

Fifh.

1.	See Newfoundland. Chap. 77.

2.	For granting bounties for taking and bringing fifh to London and Weflminfterztid other places. Chap.

99-

Fifheries.

1.	See Ireland. Chap. 45.

2.	See Newfoundland. Chap 97.

3.	See Greenland Seas. Chap. 97.

Fleur.

See Bounties. Chap. 13.

'	Forgery.	.

1.	See Bank Notes. Chap. 39.

2.	See Bankers. Chap. 57.

France.

To fecure' certain perfons born within the territories of France front

imprifon-

Inc

imprifonment for debts, con traced in

parts beyond the Teas other than his Majefty’s dominions. Chap. 106.

G.

Greenland Seas.

went of the filheries carried on in the Greenand Seas and Davis's Streigbts. Chap. 97.

H.

Hides and Skins*

1.	r I X) explain and amend aft 39

JL and 40 Geo. 3. c.'66. relating to hides and Ikins. Chap. 53.

2.	See Ireland. Chap. 45.

Hops.

See Ireland. Chap. 41. 93.

Horfedealers. •

For transferring the receipt and management of the duties on licences for horfe dealers from the com-miffioners of (lamps to the commif-fionersfor the affairs of taxes. Chap. 71.

Horfes.

1.	For granting additional duties on horfes in Great Britain. Chap. q.

2.	To permit perfons in holy orders to keep one riding horfe without payment of duty. Chap. 40.

Hydrometer.

So much of 27 Geo. 3, c. 31. as relates to afeertaining the ftrengch of fpirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, (hall be perpetual. Chap. 97.

1.

Inclofures.

FOR confolidating in one aft certain provifions ufually inferted in

Ire 361

afts of inclofure, and for faciliating the mode of proving the fevecal fafts ufually required on the palling of fuch afts. Chap. 109.

Indentures.

See Stamps. Chap. lo. 86.

India (Eajl) Goods.

For permitting Eajl India goods, prohibited to be worn or ufed. in Great Britain and warehoufed in pur-fuance of 39 Geo. 3. c. 59. to be removed by land carriage to certain ports for exportation to the Britijh colonies of plantations in the IVeJl Indies. Chap. 21.

Infolvent Debtors.

For the relief of certain infolveni debtors. Chap. 70.

Infurances.

See Stamps. Chap. 10.

Ireland.

1.	To amend and continue two afts palled in Ireland^ for fuppreffing of the rebellion which dill ex ids within that kingdom,' and for the pro-teftion of the perfons and property of his Majefty’s faithful fubjefts there. Chap. 14. ‘

2.	To continue an aft of laft*fel!ton of the parliamentof Irelande mpow-ering the lord lieutenant to apprehend and detain fuch perfons as he (hall fufpeft confpiriog againft his Majefty’s perfon and government. Chap. 15.

3.	To prohibit the making of malt and the diftilling of fpirits from corn or grain in Ireland. Chap 16.

4.	To continue certain afts of laft

feflion of parliament of Ireland for granting duties to his Majefty. Chap. 17.	,	•

5».F€

362	Ire

5.	For better regulation of the office of matter of the rolls in Ireland, and for augmenting the falary. Chap. 25.

6S For granting to his Majefty feye-ral Turns of money for defraying the charge of certain permanent fervices in Ireland. Chap. 32.

7.	For repealing certain duties upon

' tea imported into Ireland\ and for

granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for granting additional duties on fugar and coals imported into Ireland. Chap. 33.

8.	For granting bounties,on the importation into Ireland’ of wheat, barley, rye? oats, and indian corn, and of barley, rye, oats, Indian meal, and wheaten flour and rice. Chap. 34.

9.	To enable the lord lieutenant to prohibit for a limitted time the exportation from Ireland of corn or potatoes and all provifions, and to permit the importation of corn and fifti without payment of duty, and to indemnify perfons ading under certain proclamations of the lord lieutenant and council of Ireland. Chap.. 36.

10.	For allowing the importation into Ireland of Britijb and foreign

. hops at a like duty as is payable.in Great Britain for the fame. Chap.

41.	continued Chap. 93.

11.	Tocontinue until Sep. 29, i?02, feveral ads patted in the parliament of Ireland relating to the tobacco trade, and securing the duties payable on tobacco; to securing the duties on malt; to securing the duties on auctions and glafs bottles and on paper hangings ; to regulating the trade of redifying fpirits; to the further improvement of the fifheries on the coafts of Ireland 5 to the better col-ledion of the duties on hides and fkins, and on vellum and parchment; to the granting of permits and certificates for the conveyance

he

of excifeable goods; to regulating the payment of bQunties on the exportation of certain manufactures; to securing the duties on licences, &c, •> to regulating the colledion of the revenue; and to revive and continue-ad 13 and 14 Geo. 3. c. 7. explaining an set for granting annuities to certain fubferibers. Chap. 45.

12.	To amend and continue ad of parliament of Ireland, 40 Geo. 3. c. 67. for regulating the trade of a diftiller. Chap. 47.

13.	To continue and amend feveral laws in Ireland to regulate the iffu-ing of licences for fale of wfine,beer, ale, cyder, and fpirituous liquors by retail. Chap. 48.

14.	No perfon in Ireland (hall fell fpirituous liquors by retail on Sunday on penalty of five pounds. Same ad, f. 2.

13.	For granting additional ftamp duties id Ireland on bonds, bills of exchange 2nd promiflbry notes, and on certain insurances* Chap. 58.

16.	For further continuing e. 14. of this fettion for fuppreflion of the rebellion which ftill exiftsin Ireland, and for protedion of the perfons and property of his Majefty’s faith-fiil fubjeds therein. Chap. 61.

17.	For regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation from

' Ireland, of Britijh plantation fugar, and for allowing drawbacks on fugar exportedfrom/r*iW,and for allowing Britijb plantation fugar to be warehoufed in Ireland. Chap. 74.

18.	To permit the exportation of tea to Ireland without payment of duty. Chap. 75*

19.	5,076/. i8j. 6d* for the Dublin fociety, and 4,753L 16s. 1 id. for completing their buildings. Chap. 73-

20.	1,846/. 35. id. for the farming focieties. Same ad.

21.	For indemnifying fuch perfons as have aded fince March 25, 1799,

fur

Ker,

for prefervation of the publick peace andfuppreliion of infurrections and rebellion inChap. 104.

22.	To alter the bounties payable on wheaten flour and indian corn imported into Ireland, and providing a method for recovering the forfeitures created by c. 47. of this feflion to prohibit making majt, and diftilling fpirits from corn or. grain in Inland. Chap. 92.

23.	For providing accommodations in aflize towns for the judges in Ire-land. Chap. 88. *

24.	To empower the importers or proprietors of rum or fpirits of the Britijh fugar plantations to land the fajne in Ireland before payment of the duties of excife charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in warehoufes at their own expence* Chap. 94*

25.	To facilitate the trade and inter-courfe between Ireland and America during the continuance ofthe treaty of amjty, commerce and navigation, between his Majefty and America. Chap. 95. '

2.6* To repeal the tax on falaries, profits of employments, fees and penfions, in Ireland^of perfons not refident ih Ireland for a certain period. Chap. ioo.

27.	See Militia. Chap. 6. 98. See Rice. Chap; 37. See Qualification. Chap. 49. See Parliament. Chap. 52. 90. See Kerry Bonds. Chap. 58. See Accounts. Chap. 90. See Exchequer. Chap. 90. See Chancery. Chap. 90.

Jufiices.

For better payment oT fines and forfeitures impofed by juftices out of feifion in England* Chap. 85.

K.

Kerry. Bonds.

FOR relief of perfons in Ireland holding obligatory inftruments.

Lon	363

called Kerry Bonds, which have been executed without being duly ftamp-ed. Chap. ^8.

L.

Labrador.

SeE Newfotmdlani. Chap. 77.

Land Tax.

For extending the ^period of preference granted and continued by feveral a3s to bodies corporate and perfons for redemption of the land tax, and to amend ait 38 Geo, 3. c. 5. for a land tax. Chap. 72.

Lead.

See Cujloms. Chap. 28.

* Leafes. .

See Stamps, . Chap. 10. 86*

Letters. 4

See Pojlage. Chap. 7.

. Letters of Marque.

To authorife the ifluing of com-millions* and letters of marque, and reprifal againft his Majefty’s enemies, to (hips and vefiels employed in the service of the cuftoms and excife. Chap. 76.

Licences.

See Ireland. Chap. 45/

Linens.

A3 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. for granting a bounty on Britijh and Irijh linens, &c. continued. Chap. 97.

London AJfurance Company.

To enable the corporation of the London afluranee to allure vefiels, barges, &c, employed in inhind navigation and goods laden ^herein. Chap. 58*.

Lottery

364 Maf

Lottery.

_ 701,250/. to be railed by a lottery, tickets at ill. \y. gd. each, and 500^000/. to be paid in prizes, Augufl *, 1802. Chap. 27.

M.

Malt.

v» '“T^O revive and continue an aft X for fhortening the time of keeping in ftcep for malting barley damaged by rain in the laft harveft* Chap. 31.

2.	See Ireland. Chap. 45*

Malta> IJle of

To empower hisKlajcfty to regulate the trade and commerce to and from the ifle of Malta, until the figning a definitive treaty of peace, and to declare the ifle of Malta to be part of Europe. Chap. 103.

Man9 IJle of.

1.	To continue aft 38 Geo. 3. c.

63.	for the further encouragement, of the trade and manufaftures of the ifle of Man9 and for improving# the revenue thereof. Chap. 54.

2,	So much of aft 39 and 40 Geo. A c. 85. as relates to the ifle of Man repealed, and the fifli curers refiding there {hall have the like bounties for herrings, as fi(h curers landing herrings in Great Britain. Chap. 97.

Marble. '

See Statues. Chap* 89.

Marines

Regulated while on fhore. Chap. 18.

Majier of the Rolls.

See Ireland. Chap. 25.

Nav	1

Militia.

1.	For increafing the number of fiei J officers of militia in Ireland. Chan.

6.

2.	For defraying the charge of pay and cloathing of the militia i;? I England for the year 1801. Chap. 43.

3.	To revive and continue lb muck cf aft 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 44. as grants certain allowances to adjutants, ferjeant majors and ferjeants of mijitia, difembodied under an ad of the fame feffion of parliament, and to amend the faid aft. Chap.

4.	Vor making allowances to fuhal-tern officers of the militia in time of peace. Chap. 56.

5.	To amend leveral afts for raifmg. a militia force in Scotland. Chap. 67.

6.	For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of.the militia of Ireland for the year 1801. Chap. 98.

Mills.

For indemnifying perfons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolifiling of mills by perfons unlawfully and riotoufly aflembled. Chap. 24.

Mutiny.

For punifhing mutiny and defer-tion, and for the better payn^ent of the army and their quarters. Chap. XI.

N.

National 'Debt.

200,000/. towards the reduction of the national debt. Chap. 65.

- Navigable Canals.

. See Canals Navigable.

Ntt'lwxl

• Oil

Need-wood Forefi, Staffordflure.

For dividing, allotting and inclofing the forefi: or chafe of Needwood in Stafford/hire. Chap. 56*.

Neutral Ships.

A£t 39 Geo. 3. c. 112. permitting the importation of goods in neutral {hips revived and continued. Chap, xg.

Newcaftle upon Tyne.

For extending and enlarging the powers and increafing the rates and duties of the corporation of the 7W-nity Houfe of Newcaftle upon Tyne, and for abetter regulating the port of NewcaJUe: Chap. 86*.

New Forefi, Hants.

To enable his Majefty to grant comtniffions for executing a& 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 86. for preserving the timber in the new foreft in the county of Southampton^ and afcertaining the boundaries of the faid foreft. Chap.

108.

Newfoundland.

I. For allowing the importation of certain fifli from Newfoundland and the coaftof Labrador, and for granting a bounty thereon. Chap. 77. To continue feveral laws relating to encouraging the fifheri'es carried on at Newfoundland. Chap. 97.

Notaries, Publick.

For regulation of publick notaries in England. Chap. 79.

o.

Oil.

TO exempt elephant oil fold J>y au&ion from duty. Chap. 42.

Par	365

•\ P.

Paper.

FOR granting additional duties on paper, pafteboard, millboard, and fcaleboard, made in or imported into Great Britain. Chap. 8.

Paper Hangings.

See Ireland. Chap. 4.5.

Parchment.

See Ireland. Chap. 45.

Parliament.

I. For declaring what perfons (hall, be difablcd from fitting and voting in the houfe of commons, and for carrying into effefi: part of the fourth article of the union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what cafes perfons holding offices or places of profit under the crown of Ireland, (hall be incapable of being members of the houfe of . commons. Chap. 52.

2. To exempt from the payment of certain duties fuch members of both houses of parliament ferving for Ireland, and other perfons as may have only an occafional refi-dencc in Great Britain. Chap. 62.

3.	To remove doubts refpc&ing the eligibility of perlons in holy orders to fit in the houfe of commons. Chap. 63*

4.	The ftarutes of England and of Great Britain, printed and published by the 'King’s printer, (hall be received as evidence in any court in Ireland, and the ftatut^s of Ireland prior to the union (hall be evidence in any court in Great Britain. Chap. 90.

5.	For regulating the trial of controverted eJe&ions, or returns of members to ferve For Ireland> and for regulating the qualifications of members to ferve in the united parliament, Chap. zoi.

6. To

366	Pot

6.	To authorife the judges, to whom petitions for certain bills (hall be referred, to examine witness upon oath. Chap. 105.

Paving.

1.	For paving, &c. streets,&c. wiihin that part of the parilh of Minfter in the ifle of Sheppy, near his Ma-jefty’s dock yard and garrifon of " Sheernef$<> called Blue Town and Mile Town, Chap. 54*.

2.	For forming, paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and watering, the streets, fquares, &c. which are and (hall be madd upon ground in in the parirti of Saint Pancras in Middle fix, belonging to the right honourable Ann dowager baronefs Southampton. Chap. 131*.

Pepper.

See Cufioms. Chap. 28.

Permits

See Ireland. Chap. 45.

Poor.

Rev

Powder.

Fok transferring the receipt and management of duties on certificates for wearing hair powder, from the commiffioneFs of (lamps to the com-miffioners for the affairs of taxes* Chap. 69*

Printers.

To indemnify all perfons who haw printed, publiflbed, or difperfed, or who (hall publim or difperfe any papers printed under the aurhority of any head officer of date or publick board?, or other publick authorities, from all penalties incurred by reafon of the name and place of abode cf the printer of fuch papers-not being printed thereon. Chap. 80.

Prize Courts.

For better regulation of prize courts in the Wed Indies and America,, and fer giving a more fpeedy and effechwJ execution to the decrees of the lords commiffioners of appeals. Chap. 96.

Promifory Notes. .

For the better collection of rates made for the relief of the poor. Chap.

*3-

Portugal Wine.

See Wine. Chap. 51*

Poftage.

For repealing the rates and duties of poftage in Great Britain, and granting other rates and duties, and on letters conveyed to or from any part of the united kingdom from or to any place out of the faid kingdom, and by packet boats from or to the ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven. Chap. 7.

. Potatoes.

1.	To extend aCl 13 Geo. 3. c. 81. and for encouraging the cultivation of potatoes in open and com* mon field lands. Chap. 20.

2.	See Ireland. Chap. 36.

See Stamps. Chap. 10.

QL

Qualification.

ACT of qualification for offices. &c. in Ireland. Chap. 49.

R.

Railway.

SeE Canals> Navigable. Chap. 33*.

• Rqijtns.

See Cujioms. Chap. 28,

Rebellion.

See Ireland. Chap. 14. 61. 104.

-'Revenue.

See Ireland. Chap. 45.

Riu.

Sco

Rice.

For making provifion for the entry and return voyages of. (hips which may import rice from the Eaji Indies, and to authorife the importation of rice into Ireland in (hips coming direftly from the Eafl Indies, Chap. 37.

Rigby) Right Honourable Richard.

To explain and amend aft 34 Geo.

3.	c. 66. for enabling the lords of the treafury to afcertain what fum {hall be paid into the exchequer in full (atisfaftion of the debt due.on the mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, efquire, in truft for the late right honourable Richard Rigby* in ca(p it (hall be neceflary to refort to the mortgaged premifes in order to recover the ballance due to his Majefty. Chap. 60.

r	Riots.

See Mills. Chap. 24.

Royal Exchange AJfurance.

To enable the corporation of the royal exchange aflurance to' affure veflels, barges, &c. employed'in inland navigation and goods laden therein. Chap. 57*.

Rum.

See Ireland. Chap. 94.

RuJJia.

•

To render valid all afts done in execution of three orders in council relating to bills of' exchange dfawn by perfons in RuJJia, and to freight of Ruffia, Swedijb, and 'Danijb (hips. Chap. 46.

s.

Scotland.

FO R granting an additional duty on Englijh fpirits imported into Scotland, and for allowing the diftilla-

Sta	367

tion of fpirits in Scotland from melafles or fugar at a lower rate of duty. Chap. 29.

Seditious Meetings.

To revive and continue an aft for more effeftually preventing fediuous meetings and alTemblies. Chap. 30.

Sheernefs.

1.	For building a pier at Sheernefs in the ifle of Sheppy in Kent, and for* afcertaining, impofing, and reco-

. veringcertainduties forfupporting,

* maintaining, and keeping in repair v the faid pier. Chap. 54*.

2.	See Paving. Chap. 54*.

Ships.

Aft 33 Geo. 3. c. 67. for preventing damaging (hips and obftruft-ing Teamen from purfuing their lawful occupations, made perpetual. Chap. 19.	•

Smith, Sir.Sidney.

The King may grant to fir Sidney Smith fox life, an annuity of 1,000L to commence May. 21, 1799. Chap.

5*	•

Soldiers.

For increafing the rates of fubfif-tence to innkeepers on quartering ibldiers. Chap. 35.	'

Spirits.

1.	See Scotland. Chap. 29.

2.	See Ireland. Chap. 45. 94.

Spiritual Perfons.

To ftay proceedings in actions under ftatute of 21 Hen. 8. c. 13. for abridging fpiritual perfon« from having pluralities of livings, and from taking of ferms. Chap. 102.

Stamps.

1. For granting additional (lamp duties on bills of exchange, promifory notes and infurances, and inden-tuxes^leafesi fcpgds, or other deeds. Chap. jo.

2. T

368	Tax

а.	To render valid indentures of ap-. prenticelhip of poor children, and

others m?de upon improper ftarqps, upon certain conditions. Chap. 22*

3.	For additional duties on cards and dice; probates of wills; indentures, leafe*t bonds, or other deeds, and ale licences. Chap. 86.

4.	See Ineland. Chap. 58.

5.	Set Armorial Bearings. Chap. 69.

б.	See Powder. Same aft.

7.	See Horfe Dealers. Chap. 71.

Starch.

So much of aft 30 and 40 Geo. 3. as relates to the reducing the duties payable on the importation of ftarch, revived and continued. Chap. 19.

Statues.

For repealing the duty now payable on the importation of ftatues, wrought ftone and marble* and granting another duty in lieu thereof. Chap. 89.

Stone.

See Statues% Chap. 89.•' Sugar.

1.	Aft 39 and 40. Geo. 3. c. 48. relating to the duties on fugar revived, continued and amended. Chap. 44*

2.	See Cafloms. Chap. 28.

3.	See Ireland. Chap. 33-74.

Supplies.

See Appropriation. Cl\ap. 84.

Swedijh Ships.

See RuJJia. Chap. 46.

T.

Taxes.

1. Q

OEE Armorial Bearings. Chap. 69.

Wor

2.	See Powder. Chap. 69.

3.	See Horfe Dealers. Chap. jt.

Tea.

1.	For granting additional duties on tea imported and fold into Great Britain. Chap. 8«*.

2.	See Ireland. Chap} 33. 75.

Tinker.

See Cuftoms. Chap. 28.

Tobacco.

See Ireland. .Chap. 45.

Treafon.

1.	For reviving and further continuing feveral afts for empowering his Majefty to fecure and detain fuch perfons, as his Majefty ftall fufpeft are confpiring againft his perfon and government. Chap. 26.

2.	For indemnifying perfons, who haveafted in the apprehending, im-prifoning or detaining in cuftody in Great Britain, of perfons lufpeded of high treafon or treafonable practices. Chap. 66.

w. 4

Weft Indies.

1.	$EE India (Eajl) Goods. Chap. 21.

2.	See Prize Courts. Chap. 96.

Wills.

See Stamps• Chap. 86.

Wine.

To permit Portugal wine to be landed and warehoused without payment of duties. Chap. 51.

Workmen.

To amend aft 39 and 40 Geo. 3 c. ic6. for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen. Chap. 38.

*ND OF PART I. VOL. XLIII,
