the

Anno	viceftmoquinto Georgii III. Regis.

Being the SECOND Seffion of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

i

Hosted by Dogle

THE

J--& - -j / -	.	:

Statutes at Harje,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the..

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761,

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq;

Reader of the Law Le&ure to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXV.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by J OHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the U NIV E R SIT Yj

For CHARLES BATHURST, at the Crofs-Keys, oppofite St.Dunftan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1786.

CUM PRIF1LEGIO.

Hosted by

Google

T	A .  A B	L	E
S T	O F T H E  A T U	T	E S

P U B L I C K and PRIVATE,

Pafifed Anno vieefimo quinto

G E O R G I I III. Regis. ,

Being the Second Seflion of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBL1CK ACTS.

Cap. i. TT^OR confining, for a limited time, the trade between j} the ports of the United States of America, and his Majefty’s fubjefts in the ifland of Newfoundland, to bread, flour, and live flock, to be imported in none but Britifb-b\i\\t (hips, aftually belonging to Britijb fubjefts, and navigated according to law, clearing out from the ports of his	European	do*

minions, and furniflied with a licence according to the form hereunto annexed.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. 3. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on (bore.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. 5, For further continuing, for a limited time, an aft made in the twenty-third year'of the reign of his prefertt Majefty, intituled, An aft for preventing certain inftruments from Vol. XXXV.	a	being

Hosted by vA

i/



\

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

%mg required firm, ftifp*-	To The Wiled STdfes of Ame-

rica ; and to give to his Majefty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fubjetts of his Majefty s dominions, and the inhabitants of the faid United States \\ and for continuing, fdr a limited time, an a£t made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, Matt to extehd the pokers of an afo, made in the twenty-third yhf of his prefent Majefty for giifirfg his Mdjefty certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fubjetts of his Majefty s dominions, and the inhabitants of the United States of America,, to the trade and commerce of this kingdom with the Britifh colonies and plantations iti America, with re/pett to ter-idiri articles therein mentioned.

Cap. 6. For punifhing mutiny and defertion 5. and for the better payment of die army ahd their quarters.

Cap. 7. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts, within the town and port of Faverftoam, the hundreds of Faverjham and Botightm^ and the feveral parilhes of Ofpringe, Seafalter, and Wbitftable> in the county of Kent.

Cap. 8. For defraying the charge of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for ofte ^ear, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five. :	r

Cap. 9. tor paving, cleanfing, and lighting The High Street, and other places within the town of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 10. For building a new gaoJ, a penitentiary houfe, and certain new Ircmfes of correction, for the county of Gloucefter, and for regulating the fame.	■

Cap. 11. For railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, fo'f the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. i2» For raifmg a further fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. 13. For repairing the highways, bridges, and ferries, in the county of 'Perth*

Cap. 14.. For draining ahd pfeferving certain low lands, within the parifti bf^Tlmberland, in the county of Lincoln...

Cap. 1-5. To enlarge the term ancl powers of feveral a<£ts relating to the harbour; of Liverpool; and for making two additi-bnal docks and piers in or near the port of Liverpool.

'Cap. 16. For faking down the prefent market, houfe, and certain other buildings, in the town of Uxbridge, for the pur-pore of widening The High Street; aihd for paving the footways, and lighting and cleanfing the ftreets and other places within the laid town, and removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein; and for changing the courfe of the road between Mercer's Bridge andHigh Bridge ; and ,for rebuilding the faid market hopfe.

Cap. 17. To enable the houfe of commons to authorife the

fele<3

Hosted by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

from the turnpike road in Banbury, in the county of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottefbach, to the fouth end of Mill Field, in the parijh of Lutterworth, in the county of Leicefter.

PRIVATE ACTS.

i, A N ad to enable William Lucas Holden to take afid ufe the furname of Rofe.

2.	An acft for naturalizing Charles Frederick Wiple.

3.	An ad for naturalizing Frederick Hendrick Van Hagen.

4.	An ad for inclofing, and leafing or letting a certain common, and certain wafte grounds, lying within the parifh of Marfton Montgomery, in the county of Derby, and applying the profits thereof in aid of the poor’s rate, and other parochial taxes of the feid parifh.

5.	An ad for dividing and inclofing thefeveral open common fields, common or ftinted paftures, wolds, ings, fends, meadow lands, and wafte grounds, within the townfhip o(South Cave, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

6.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the common fields, half year, or fhack lands, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of AJhilly in the county of Norfolk.

7.	An ad for naturalizing Simon Tamm.

8.	An ad for naturalizing John Andrew Be Luc.

9.	An ad for naturalizing Thomas Oom, Charles Frederick Bremer , and Daniel Philip Dobbert.	-	. ■

10.	An ad to enable the right honourable George Evelyn vifcount Falmouthr and others, and the guardiaiis of their iffue male, to make leafes of the eftates in Cornwall, devifed by the will of Hugh late vifcount Falmouth deceafed, and alfo to grant fets and leafes of the mines therein.

11.	An ad for ’veiling certain eftates, in the counties of Kent

and Somerfet, and in the city of London, devifed by the will of Thomas late earl of Leicefter, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing therefrom m'the purehafe of other eftates, fituate in the county of Norfolk, ttf be fettled to the fame ufes.	;

12.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveraJ open and common arable fields, and the down or common called Colerne Downey within the parifh of Colerne, in the county of Wilts.

13.	An ad for dividing .and inclofing certain parts of the moors, commons, and wafte lands, within the manor of Egle-Jlotjy in the county of Durham.

14.	An ad for dividing and inclofing th£ common fields, common meadows, heath, and wafte lands, lying within the manor and parifh of Meriden9 in the county of Warwick, pur-fuant to an agreement entered into for that purpofe.

15.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral common

paftures.

Hosted by

Google

A TABLE of the S TATUTES. paftiires, commons, or wafte grounds, within the townfh^s ojF -Wykebam, and Rujion, in the manor of Wykebam, in the orth riding of the county of York.

16.	Ah aft to enable William Pemberton efquire, and his firft and other Tons, and their iflue, to take, ufe, and bear the name and arms of Chide, purfuant to the will of Edward Cludde, efquire, deceafed.

17.	An aft for vetting in truft, for Peter lord King, and his heirs, the inheritance, in fee Ample, of a mefltiage, or dwelling houfe, in Dover-freet, in the county of Middlejex, devifedand limited by the will of Thomas lord King, deceafed, and for fettling a farm, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Surrey, in lieu thereof, to the ufes limited by the fame will.

18.	An aft for confirming an exchange agreed upon between the lord bifhop of Hereford and the right honourable Charles lord Sommers, of certain eftates in the county of Hereford.

19.	An aft for confirming a mortgage made by John Newn~ ham efquire, of part of his fettled eftates in Suffex, purfuant to a decree of the high court of chancery, and for enabling him to make a further mortgage of his fettled eftates, according to fuch decree, and for difcharging both incumbrances with the. produce of his eftates vefted ih truftees to be fold.

20.	An aft for eftablilhing and confirming an agreement be-

tween the warden and fcholars, clerks of Saint Mary college of Winchefer, near Winchefler, in the county of Southampton, an i their leflee, and Robert Pope Blachford efquire, for exchange certain grounds in the parifh of Whippingham, in the Ifle Wigbty and county of Southampton aforefaid.	,	J

21.	An aft for vefting two tbiny-fixth (hares of the navigation of the river Douglas, alias Afland, in the county of Lancaf-ter, part of the fettled eftates of Edward Holt efquire, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of lands and hereditaments, to be fettled in lieu thereof, to the fame ufes.

22.	An aft for vefting the eftates devifed by the will of Anthony Wharton efquire, deceafed, fituate and being in the county of York, in truftees, to be fold, for payment of the debts and in- , cumbrances affefting the fame, and for laying out the furplus of the purchafe money upon the trufts, and for the purpofes, therein expreffed.

23.	An aft for dividing and inclofing a certain wafte, or common, called Lizard Common, within the parilh of Idfal, other-wife Shiffnal, in the county of Salop.

24.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the commons and wafte lands called Frodington, otherwife Fraddington, otherwife Frat-ton Common, and South Sea Common and Wafes, in the guild-able part of the parilh of Portfea, and county of Southampton.

25.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common fields and wafte lands within the manors of Kinnerley and Melver ley, in the county of Salop.

26.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain commons and

wafte

Hosted by Google

A 'TABLE df the STATUTES.

waft£	within	the	tbwnlhips	of	Pickering and Ncfotirr, hi

tht noi&h tiding of the bounty of YoYi.

27.	An ad for dividing and iiiclofing the commons, open Common fields^ ccfmtoon meadows, commonable lands* and wafte grounds, within the liberty of Holbrooke, in the pariih of Dujpeld} in the county of Derby.

28.	An ad fot dividing and inclofing the cbmmoii fields. Common meadows, wafte lands, and other commonable plates* Within the pafilh of Upper Clatford, in the county of SoUthamp-tOn*

29.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inelofing the open and common fields, and common or wafte land, within the lord* Ihrp or liberty of Qfgatborpe, in the county of Leicejler.

30.	Ah ad to enable John Simpfon (lately called John Bridge man) efquire, and the heirs male of his bhdy, to take and ufe the fur name of Simpfon, purfuaht to the will of William Simpfon efquire, dCceafed, and alfo to bear the arms belonging to thfc family of Simpfon.

31.	An ad for exchanging part of the fettled cftate of Hene-4ge Earl of Aylesford, in the county of Kent, for another eftate, of greater value, in the fame county, to be fettled in lieu thereof.

32.	An ad for veiling a Collage of tenement, ufed as and for h fchool-houfe, and other hereditaments, in or near the town of Milton, in the county of Dorfet, in Jofeph lord Milton, and his heitfi, in lieu of, or in compenfation for, a tneflbage of tene-.. eht and garden, fituate and being in the town of Blandford

rum, of greater value.

33.	An ad for veiling part of the fettled eftates, and fuch of ne eftates of the right honourable fir John Shelly, baronet, de-'eafed, which, upon his death, defcended to his fort fir Jotin Shelley baronet, an infant, as his heir at law, in truftees, for. the *urpofes within mentioned.

* 34. An ad for better regulating the charity of John Shaftob, of Nether Warden^ in the county of Northumberland, clerk, deceased.

35.	An ad for veiling certain detached parts of the fettled eftates of Henry Hippijley Coxe efquire, in Sometfetjhire, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the purchafe money in other eftates to be fettled to the fame ufes, and for enabling the tenants for life to gfant as well Ieafes of the coal mines as other leafes.

36.	An act for veiling part of the fettled eftates of John Cotes efquire, in the counties of Montgomery, Salop ^ and Stafford^ in truftees, to be fold, for raifing money for payment of debts and incumbrances affeding the fame eftates, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

37. An ad to efFeduate a partition of the eftates of Job Hatimer efquire, the reverend Erafmus Warren clerk, and fir Thomas Charles Bunbury baronet, in the counties of Suffolk and Effex.

38.	An ad for veiling part of the eftates of John Topp efquire,

Vol. XX^V.	b	deceafedf

Hosted by C

A TABLE of the STATUTE S;

' deceafed, in the counties of Salop and Montgomery* in trufteev to be fold, for payment pf his debts and legacies, and the cofts of fuit, purfuant to the directions of the court of chancery, and for difcharging part of the eftates fo vefted from a perpetual yearly rent charge, and for fubjeCting part of the faid John Topp*$ devifed eftates to the payment thereof.

, 39. An aCt for empowering the judges of the court of feffion in Scotland to fell fuch parts of the eftates of Barnbarroch and Shenchan9 lying in the county of Wigtownt and ftewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to Robert Agnew efquire, as (hall be fufficient for payment of the debts affecting ^either of thofe eftates, and for vefting the remainder in fee tail to the fame heirs, and under the fame limitations, as are mentioned in the deed of entail thereof* bearing date the twenty-ninth day of Decembery one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-feven.

40.	An aCt for vefting the eftate of Drummodie, and others', lying in the county of TVigton, in fir William Maxwell, of Mutt* reith baronet, in fee fimple; and for vefting in the faid Sir William Maxwell^ his heirs and affigns, in fee tail, the eftate of Little Killantrae, and others* lying in the fame county, in lieu thereof.

41.	An aCf for vefting the undivided moiety of the freehold and copyhold eftates of William Clarke efquire, cleceafed, devifed by his will for the benefit of his daughter Mary Forbes, and her iflue, in truftees, for the purpofes within mentioned.

42.	An aCt to enable the honourable IVilbraham ToUemache% and the feveral other perfons therein mentioned, to grant building Jeafes of certain parts of lands and hereditaments in the county palatine of Chefter, (devifed by the will of the right .honourable Lionel late earl of Dyfart) upon the terms and re-ftri&ions therein mentioned. *

43.	An aCt for vefting part of the fettled eftates of James Walwyn efquire, in the county of Hereford^ in the faid James Walwyns in fee fimple, and for fettling other eftates of the faid James Walwyn, in the faid county, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

44.	An aCl for fale of a fufficient part of the eftates of Hugh Parnell, a lunatick, for payment of his debts and incumbrances, under the direction of the.court of chancery.

45.	An aCt for dividing and inclofing the commons, wafte grounds, and mofs, within the hamlet or townlhip of Forton, in the county of Lone after,

46.	An aCt for dividing and inclofing certain open common fields, meadows, paftures, ings, and other commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Dotinington upon Ba\ney in the county of Lincoln,

47.	An aCt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common crofts, and common meadows, .and for draining and improving certain common moors, within

the parifh of Wimborne Minfter, in the county of Dorfet.

48.	An aCt for dividing, inclofing, and improving certain

o	 lands,.

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

feled committee, appointed to try the merits of the petition of the honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, complaining of an undue eledion for the county of Bedford, to proceed in cafe the faid feled committee (hall be reduced to a Iefs number than is prefcribed by an ad, made m the tenth year of the reign of his ' prefent.Majefty, intituled. An aft to regulate the trials of controverted eleftions, or returns of members to Jerve in parliament.

Cap. 18. To impower the juftices of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery of Newgate for the county of Middlefex, to continue to hold p feflion of gaol delivery of Newgate, begun to be holden before the eflbign day of term, and fitting of the king’s bench at Wefirmnfier, notwithftanding the happening of fuch eflbign day, or the fitting of the faid court of king’s bench at Weftmin/ler, or elfewhere, in the faid county of Middlefex.

Cap, 19. For appointing commifiloners to enquire into the fees, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the fev.eral publick offices therein mentioned ; to examine into any altauies which may exift in the fame ; and to. report fuch obfervations as fhall .occur to them, for the better conducing and managing the bufmefstranfaded in the faid offices. .

Cap. 20. For appointing commiffioners to put in execution in act of this feflion; of parliament, intituled An aft for. 'grafting an aid to hislMayeJiy by a land lax, to be raifed in Greit Britain, for the fervke of ihe year one tkoufand feven hundred and eight*jive; .together with thofe named in three former ads for appointing commiffioners of the land taxpand with thofe named; in the Jand tax ad of the twenty-third year of his Majefty’s reign, and . in the land tax ad of this feflion of parliament.	.	l .

Cap. 21. To render more effedual feveral ads of parliament, for erefting hofpit ah and workhaufes, within the city and county .of the city of Exon, for the fetter employing and maintaining the poor there 5 and to raife further fums of money for the better carrying the purpofes :of the faid ads into execution.

Cap. 22. For repealing fo much of an ad made in the lafl feflion of parliament as relates to the diflillation of corn fpirits in fmall flills, in certain counties or diftridsof the highlands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorifing the commiffioners of excife in Scotland to grant licences, to pers fohs living in the faid counties or difirids, to difiil fpirits from barley, beer, or ;big, the growth of the faid' counties; and for impofing a duty on fuch licences.

Cap. 23. For better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watchdog the ftreets, lanes, yards, courts, alleys, and'paflages, within that part of the parifh of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondfey, in •the county of Surrey, called The Water-fide Divifion, and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances, therein; and for lighting and watching certain parts of and belonging to the turnpike road leading from the eaft end of New Street% m. South* wark to Deptford, in the county of Ketit, within the faid Water~ fide Divifion qf the faid parifh,:therein mentioned* *

a 2	Cap,	24, To

••	-Host by VjOOQ 1C

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 24. To repeal fo much of an adl made in the laft feffion of parliament, as iiftpofes duties on all fluffs made of cotton and linen mixed, and fluffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, or flained ; and on licences for bleaching or dying the fame.

Cap. 25. For allowing further time for the importation of goods, the produce or manufacture of the ifland of Tobago, upon payment of the Britijh plantation duties.

Cap. 26. For the better prefervation and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland^ in the county palatine of Durham.

Cap. 27. For the better relief and employment of thfe poor within the hundreds of Tunjiead and Happing*, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 28. For opening an eafy and commodious communication from the High Street of Edinburgh, to the country fouth-ward; and alfo from the Lawn Market to the new-extended royalty on the north, and for enabling truftees to purchafe lands, houfes, and areas, for thatpurpofe; for widening and enlarging the ftreets of the faid city, and certain avenues leading to the fame; for rebuilding or improving the univerfity; for enlarging the publick. markets, and communications thereto ; for regulating certain taxes; for lighting the faid city; for providing an additional fupply of water; for extending the royalty of the fajd city ; , and for levying an additional fum of money for ftatute labour in the middle diftridt of the county of Edinburgh*

Cap. 29. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an adt paffed in the twenty-third year of bis prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An atf for authorifing the treajurer of the navy to pay to the garrifon and naval department at Gibraltar, the like bounty for dejlroying certain Spanifh Jhlps of war, as is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his Majejlf s Jhips of war taking or dejlroyr ing.Jbips of war belonging to the enemy.

Cap. 30. For granting to his Majefty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain.

Cap. 31. For better regulating the office of the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy..

Cap. 32. For granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, victualling, and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures.

Cap. 33. For railing a further fum of money, by exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. 34. For better paving, deanfing, repairing, lighting, and watching the highways, ftreets, and lanes, of and in the vill of Ramfgate, in the county of Kent; and for removing and preventing annoyances therein; and for eredling a market-houfe, and holding a publick market in the faid vill.

Cap. 35. Fot the more eafy and effedtua! fale of lands, tenements, and hereditaments of crown debtors, or of their fure-ties.

Cap. 36* For building a new bridge over the haven of Great u	Yarmouth	1

Hosted by Cj OO^ 1C

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Yarmouth % and for enlarging the term, and altering fome of the powers, of an adf of the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, for clearing, depth erring, repairings maintaining, and improving, the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth ; and for depthening and making more navigable the feveral rivers emptying themfelves into the faid haven; and for preferving Jhips wintering therein from accidents by fire.

Cap. 27. For rebuilding the bridge acrofs the river of Ayr, at the town of Ayr.	-

Cap. 38. For vefting in Edward Bancrofts dodfor in phyfick, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, the foie property of his invention or difcovery of the ufe and application of certain vegetables for dying, ftaining, printing and painting certain valuable colours, throughout that part of his Majefty’s kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweedy for a limited time.

Cap. 39. For the better preferving and maintaining the piers and harbour of Cromarty in North Britain.

Cap. 40. For more effedfually preventing frauds and abufes committed by perfons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worfted yarn, and goods made from worfted, in the counties of Bedfords Huntingdon, Northampton Leicefiery Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Ifie of Ely.

Cap. 41. To repeal part of an adt, paflfed in thd fixth year of his prefent Majefty, for the relief and employment of the poor: of the pdrijh 0/Richmond, in the county of Surrey, and other purpofes in the faid aft mentioned; and for making new provifions for the relief and employment of the poor, for the repairs of the highways, the paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the ftreets, and other places, in the town and parilh of Richmond aforefaid; for the removal and prevention of annoyances, obftrudtions, and encroachments therein; for inclofing certain commons or wafte lands within the faid parifh, for the ufe of the poor; and to enable the veftrymen of the faid parilh to eredt a workhoufe thereon; and to purchafe land for a burial ground; and alfo to enable his Majefty to fhut up a lane within the faid parifli, called Love Lane.

Cap, 42. For vefting in Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, the foie ufe and property af a method of extracting or making tar, pitch, effential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, falts, and cinders, from pit coal, throughout his Majefty’s dominions, for a limited time.

Cap. 43. To repeal the duties on male fervants; and fqr granting new duties on male and female fervants.

Cap. 44. For regulating infurances on (hips, and PH goods, merchandizes, or effects.

Cap. 45. For reducing the time for the imprisonment of debtors committed to prifon, upon profecutions in courts of cor\-fcience, in London, Middlefex, and the borough of Southwark, to the fame periods in each court; and for abolifhing fees paid by thofe debtors to gaolers, or others, on account of fuch im-prifonment*

a 3	C§iM#QR9t)gle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

: Gap. a6. For! thfe more effectual tranfportat»ot\ of felons* and otherofFenders, in that part of Great Britain called Scothndy and to authorife the temoval of prifoners in certain cafes.

Cap, 47. For transferring the Receipt and management of certain dutiefe therein mentioned from the commiffioners of ex-rife, and the commiffioners of ftamps refpedtively, to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes; and alfo for making further provifions in refjtedf to the fa id duties fo transferred.

Cap. 48. For granting to his Majefty certain ftamp-duties on licences to be taken out by perfons ufing or exercifing the trade or buiinefs of a pawnbroker.

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majefty certain duties upon licences to be taken out by coachmakers ; and alfo certain duties upon carriages to be built for fale.

Cap. 50* For repealing an ari, made in the twenty-fourth* year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty certain duties on certificates ijfued' with re-fpeft to’the killing of game; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 51. For repealing the duties on licences taken but by perfons letting horfes for the purpofe of travelling poft, and on horfes let to hire for travelling poft* and by time, and on ftage coaches; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and alfo additional duties oh horfes let to hire for travelling poft, and by time.	'

Cap. 52. For better examining and auditing the publick ac» counts of this kingdom.

Cap. 53. For fettling an annuity of nine thoufand pounds on his royal highnefs the duke of Gloucefter, in lieu of the like annuity payable out of the duties of four and one half per centum in Barbadoes and the Leeward IJlands.

Cap. 54. For better fecuring the duties upon coals, culm, and cinders.

Cap. 55. For granting to his Majefty certain duties on licences to be taken out by perfons vending gloves or mittens; and aMo certain duties on gloves and mittens fold by retail.

Cap.56. For more effe&ually preventing deceits and frauds in the manufacturing of cordage for (hipping, and to prevent the illicit importation of foreign-made cordage.

Cap. 57. To exempt carriages, carrying the mail, from paying tolls at any turnpike gate in Great Britain.

Cap. 58. For the encouragement of the pilchard fiftiery, by allowing a farther bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

Cap. 59. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of mo- * ney, to be raifed by a lottery.

Cap. 60. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies ^ therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for providing

.	.	Hosti d by Google ,

A T A B L E of the ST A TU TES.

viding a compenfation to the clerks in the offices of the princi-pal fecretaries of iiate, for the advantages fuch clerks enjoyed before the commencement of an a<St, mjade in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majeffy, for efablifhing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the poft, between Great Britain andIreland.

Cap. 61. Toauthorife the lord ftemrd of the houfehold, the lord chamberlain, the mailer of the horfe, the mafter of the robes, and the lords of the treafury, refpedlively, to pay bounties granted by his Majefty, to perilous in low and indigent cir*. cumftanees.

Cap. 62. To prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

Cap. 63. For reducing the allowances for wafte on fait and rock fait; for regulating the exportation of fait to Jerfey, Guerri-fey, Alderney, and Sark; for repealing the laws allowing the ufe of foul fait for manure only; for allowing a drawback on the exportation of Glauber or Epfom falts; for retraining filh curers from being dealers in fait; for regulating the exportation of herrings from the Ifle of Man; for better fecuring the duties on fait; and for indemnifying perfons who have been guilty of offences againft the laws relating to the duties on fait.

Cap. 64. For altering and amending an a<5l made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to bis Mav jefiy certain duties on all gold and 'fiver plate imported, and alfo certain duties on all gold and fiver wrought plate made in Great Britain.

Cap. 65. For the further encouragement of the Britifh fisheries.

Cap. 66. To explain and amend an a6l made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intitiiled, An aft for granting to bis Majefy certain rates and duties upon bricks and tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional duties on ■bricks and tiles imported into the fame.

Cap* 67, To prohibit the exportation to foreign parts, of tools and utenfils made ufe of in the iron and fteel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the feducing of artificers or -workmen, employed in thofe manufactures, to go into parts beyond the feas.

Gap. 68. For appointing and enabling commiffioners further to examine, take, and ftate the publick accounts of the kingdom.

Cap. 69. To repeal the duties upon flafks in which Florence wine and oil is imported ; to permit the importation ’of wipes in final 1 calks for private ufe; to revive, continue, and amend fo much of an adl made in the fixteenth year of his prefent Majefty, as allows the exportation of certain quaritities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majefty’s fugar colonies \n America $ for difallowing the drawback on the exportation of fnuff; for continuing the permiftion to land rum or fpirits of the Britifh fugar plantations, before payment of the duties.of excife; for

a 4	reviving

Hosted by Google

A T ABLE of the ST ATUTES.

reviving and continuing the premiums upon the importation of pitch, tar, and turpentine, from Eaji Florida^ into Great Britain; for allowing a bounty upon the exportation of filk gauzes, and a drawback upon the exportation of raw filk.

Cap. 70. To rectify a miftake in an a6t, pafled in this present feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft to repeal the duties on male fervants ; and for granting new duties on male and female fer* vants.

Cap. 71. Forextending the time limited, by an ad of this feflion, for delivering in navy, vidualling, and tranfport bills.

Cap. 72. For repealing the duties on linens to be printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in Great Britain^ impofed by an ad made in the laft feflion of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and on cotton fluffs, muflins, fuftians, velvets, and velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed; and upon the importation of linens, cotton fluffs, muflins, fuftians, velvets, and velverets, printed, ftained, painted, or dyed in foreign parts.

Cap. 73. To declare, that brewers felling beer or ale in lefs quantities than a cafk, containing four gallons and a half, (hall not be intitled to any allowance out of the duties of excife for wafte or leakage; and for making allowances to diftillers of low wines and fpirits from malt, corn, or grain, in refped to the duties impofed by an ad of the laft feflion of parliament.

Cap. 74. For repealing the duty impofed on tea by an ad pafled in the laft feflion of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for repealing fo much of feveral ads as relates to the removal of tea; for direding the officers of excife to examine and certify the exportation of excifeable commodities; and for better fecuring the duties on candles.

Cap. 75* To extend the provifions of an ad, made in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for granting to his Majefty a Jlamp duty on the regiftry of burials, marriages, births, and chriftenings, to the regiftry of burials, births, and chriftenings of proteftant diflenters from the church of England.

Cap. 76. For appointing commiflioners further to enquire into the Ioffes and fervices of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties, and profeffions, during the late unhappy diflentions in Americay in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britijh government.

Cap. 77. To amend fo much of an ad, pafled in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the further and better regulation of buildings and party walls; and for the move effeftually preventing mifchiefs by fire within the cities oj London and Weftminfter, and the liberties thereof \ and other the places therein mentioned, as relates to manufadories of turpentine ; for extending the provifions of the faid ad, fo amended, to manufactories of pitch, tar, and turpentine, throughout that part of Great Britain called England; and for indemnifying the proprietor of a turpentine manufadory in Fetter's Fields, in the borough

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

rough of Southwark, againft the penalties he may be liable to under the laid adt; and for excepting, for a-limited time, his faid manufadtory from the provifions herein contained.

Cap* 78. For granting to his Majefty additional dutieS\On hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen ; and for regulating their trade.

Cap. 79. For repealing an a& made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefly a Jiamp-duty on licences to be taken out by certain per fans uttering or vending medicines; and cer tain'ft amp- duties on all medicines fold under fuch licences, or under the authority of his Ma-jejly's letters patent; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 80. For granting to his Majefty certain duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitors, attornies, and others, pradtifing in certain courts ofjuftice in Great Britain; and certain other duties with refpedt to warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered or filed of record, as therein mentioned.

Cap. 8x. For the better fecuring the duties payable on tobacco.

Cap. 82. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments, and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to re-gifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or having been ftamped, have been loft; or miflaid; and for allowing them time to provide admif-fions duly ftamped; to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors; and for indemnifying perfons who have aded as truftees of turnpike roads in certain cafes, and declaring their proceedings valid.

Cap. 83. For further poftponing the payment of the fum of two millions, advanced by the governor and company of the bank of England, towards the fupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one.

Cap. 84. To limit the duration of polls and fcrutinies, and for making other regulations touching the ele&ion of members to ferve in parliament for places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and,alfo for removing difficulties which may arife for want of returns being made of members to ferve in parliament.

Gap. 85. For paving the footways in the borough of Reading, in the county of Berks; for better repairing, cleanting, lighting, and watching the ftreets, lanes, paflages, and places, in the faid borough; and for removing inCroachments, obftruc-tions, and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Cap. 86. For better watching, lighting, and cleanfing fuch parts of the precinit of Saint Catharine near the tower of London^

in

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES. *

in the county of Middlefex, as are not included in the provisions of certain ads paSTed in the Seventh and ninth years of hispre-fent Majefty’s reign $ and for preventing nuifances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 87. For extending the Dudley canal to the Birmingham canal, at or near Tipton Green, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 88. For lighting and watching the village of Clapham, and certain roads leading thereto, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 89. For fupplying the inhabitants of the parish of Lam-beth, and parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey with water.

Cap. 90. For the better paving, cleanGng, and lighting, the Streets, lanes, ways, and paSTages, within the borough of Arun~ del, in the county of Suffix*, and for removing and preventing ipcroachments, obftrudions, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 91. For taking down the market houfe in the borough of Bridport, in the county of Dorfet, and rebuilding the fame, together with a feSIion or court houfe, in a more convenient fituation; for removing the Shambles, or butcher row 5 for better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the faid borough; for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances; and for prohibiting the covering of any new houfes or buildings within the faid borough with thatch.

Cap. 92. For draining, preferving, and improving certain low grounds and carrs in the feveral parrShes of Saint John in Beverley, and’of Skidby, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 93. For the removal and rebuilding of the council chamber* guildhall, and gaol, of the city of New Serum $ and for afcertaining the tolls of the market, and regulating the chairmen within the faid city.

Cap. 94. For repairing, new pewing, feating, and ereding galleries, and making other alterations and additions in and to the parish church of Kidder minjler, in the county of JVorcefter.

Cap. 95. For rebuilding the parish church of Chrijl Church, otherwife The Holy Trinity, within the city of Brijhh, and for widening the ftreets adjacent thereto.

Cap. 96. For amending two ads, of the eighth and Sixteenth years of his prefent Majefty, for opening certain paffages, and for paving the Jlreets and other places, in the parijh of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and fuch part of Hog Lane as lies within the liberty of Norton Falgate, in the county of Middlefex, and for preventing annoyances therein.

Cap. 97. To enable the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London to pull down the Poultry and Wood-Jlreet Compters, and to purchafe certain ground and buildings within the Said city for the purpofe of rebuilding the fame.

Cap. 98. To enable his Majefty to grant the inheritance of s certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, Situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the county of Middlefex, in exchange for the inheritance of certain buildings or barracks, and land adjoining thereto, and alfo of certain ground contiguous to Tin-

mouth

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

mouth Gaflle, in the county of Northumberland, belonging to the duke of Northumberland, or for fuch further or other compen^ fation as fhall be a full confideration for the fame; and alfo to impower the faid duke to make fuch exchange.

Cap. 99. To enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to The Merfey, and the company of proprietors of the navigation from -Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a navigable canal from the faid Trent and Merfey navigation, on Fradley Heathy in the county of Stafford, to Faze ley, in the faid county; and for confirming certain articles of agreement entered into between the laid Trent and Merfey, the Oxford, and the Coventry, canal navigation companies.

Cap. 100. For amending and improving the navigation of the river Arun, from Houghton Bridge, in the pari(h of Houghton, in the county of Sujfex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the parifil of Wifborough Green in the faid county; and for continuing and extending the navigation of the faid river Arun, from the faid wharf called Pallenham Wharf, to a certain bridge, called New Bridge, fituate in the parishes of Pulborough and Wifborough Green, in the faid county of Sujfex.

-PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 101. For continuing the term and powers of ana6b, made in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for re-pairing feveral roads leading from The Buck’s Head, at Watling Street, to Beckbury, and The New Inn, and from the Birches Brook to the Hand Poll in the parifk of Kemberton, in the county of Salop, and for making' the fame more effectual.

Cap. 102. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an a<5t made in the feventh year, of his prefent Majefty’s reign, to repair and widen the roads from Whitchurch, in the county of Salop, to the turnpike road between Nantwich, in the county 0/Chefter, and Newcaftle-under-Lyne; and from Hijnftock to Nantwich aforefaid.

Cap. 103. For continuing an aft of the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, for amending and widening the road from the town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through the towns ^Srnarden and Charing, to join the turnpike road which leads from A (h ford to Faverlham, at a place called Bound Gate.

Cap. 104. For enlarging the term and powers of an a61, made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled. An aft for amending and widening the road from Tinfley, in the county of York, to the town 0/Doncafter, in the faid county.

Cap. 105. For enlarging the term and powers of an a£t made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An aft for amending and widening the road from the foath end of the town of Rotherham, in the county of York, to the prefent turnpike road near Pleafley, in the county of Derby ; and alfo the road ftomth e nor ft) end of the faid town of Rotherham, into the prefent turnpike road on the cqfi fide 0/Tankerfley Psirk, in the faid

county

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

county of York, fo far as the fame relates to the road leading from Rotherham aforefaid to the turnpike road near Pleajley aforefaid.

Cap. 106. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging the term and powers of an a<5r, paffed in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from a place called Nightingales, in the townftnp of Heath Charnock, to the bridge at the weft end of the town of Bolton in the Moors, in the county palatine 0/Lancafter.

'Cap. 107. For enlarging the term and powers of an a6l, paffed in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, intituled, An aft fot repairing and widening the road from Derby to Mansfield, in the county of Nottingham, and feveral other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 108. For continuing the term of an a<5t, paffed in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft for repairing and widening feveral roads leading from Callington, in the county of Cornwall;) and for widening and repairing the road leading from Bujhfordftto BeaPs Mill, in the parifh of Stoke Climftand; and alfo .the road from Penterfcrofs, in the parilh of Pillaton, to a place called The Fighting Cockst in the parifh of Botes Fleming, all in the faid county.

Cap. 109. For enlarging the term and powers of an a<5t of the fourth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the roads from Horfham to the top oft Beading Hill, and from Steyning to the top of Steyning Hill, in the county tf/'Suffex.

Cap. 110. For enlarging the term and powers of an a<5f, pafled in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,/ir repairing and widening the road from Beverley to Kexby bridge, in the ^county of York.

Cap. hi. For enlarging the term and powers of an a6l, pafled in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the weft end of Baxter Gate, in the town 0/Whitby, to the fouth end ^Lockton Lane, in the parijh 0/" Middleton, in the county of York.

Cap. ^12. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acis of the fecond and ninth years of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the rpads from the White Poft on Hafelden’s Wood, in the parijh 0/Cranbrook, to Appledore Heath; and from Milkhoufe Street, in the fame parijh, to Caftleden’s Oak, in the parijh of Biddenden; and from the turnpike road in the parijh of Tenterden, through Rolvenden, to the turnpike road in the parijh of Newenden, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 113. For enlarging the term and powers of an a<ft paffed in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for repair-ing and widening the roads from Melton Mowbray, in the county of Leicefter, to the guide poft in Saint Margaret’s Field, Leicefter; and, from the town of Leicefter to the town of Lutterworth, in the faid county; and other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 114. For enlarging the term and powers of an a<5i, made in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amend-

n	T	H

H osted by vj O	1C

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ing and widening the roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the county 0/* Cornwall, to Redruth, in the fame county.

Cap. 115. For repairing and widening the roads leading from the gibbet or Lutterworth Hand> on the Watling Street Road, through the parifhes of Churchover9 Brownfover, New-bold upon Avon, Rugby and Bilton, in the county of Warwick, to the turnpike road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the faid county, at or near a publick houfe known by the fign of the Coc&j in the faid pari fh of Bilton.

Cap. 116. For amending and keeping in repair the road leading from Ipfwich to South Town; and from the faid road at Beech Lane, in the pari(h of Darjbam9 to Bungay in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 117. For more effedually repairing the roads leading from The Stones End in Blackman Street, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Suffix, and to Sutton and Kingflon; and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stociwell9 to Brixton Gaufeway; and from Newington to the eaft end of Peckham Lane; and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, in the county of Surrey ; and for repealing fo much of feveral ads, now in force, as relates to the faid roads; and for repairing the road from Highgate aforefaid, to Wiicbcrof$9 in the county of Suffex.

Cap. 118. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an ad, made in the eighth yiear of his prefent Majefty, for amending and widening feveral roads leading from the town of Bifhop’s Caftle, and from Montgomery to the turnpike road at Weftbury, and from Brockton to the turnpike road at Minfterley, in the feveral counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral other roads in the counties of Salop and Montgomery.

Cap. 119, For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an ad of the fourth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and ividening feveral roads leading from the town of Bideford, in the coitniy of Devon.

Cap. 120. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Scott’s Dyke, in the county of Dumfries, byjr through the villages of Langholm, and Hawick, to Haremofs in the county 0/* Roxburgh.

Cap: 121. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for widening and repairing the road leading from Afhborne, in the county of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the prefent turnpike road from Sheffield and Chefterfield to Derby, at or near a place called Openwood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in-the county of Derby.

Cap. 122. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An

aft

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

eft for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, fevetal reads leading from the town of Cardiff, and feveral other towns and place^ in the county of Glamorgan ;) and for making, altering, repairing, and widening^ certain other roads within the faid county.

. Cap. 123. To enlarge the term and powers of an 36I palled in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for repairing and widening the roads from the high bridge in Spalding, to a certain place called Tydd Goat, in the county of Lincoln; and from Sutton Saint Mary’s to Sutton Wafh, in the faid county•

Cap. 124. For amending and keeping in repair, the road from Whitechapel Churchy in the county of Middlefex, to Shenr field, and the furthermoft part of the parifh of Woodford, towards Epping; and from the caufeway, in the pari(h of Low Layton, to the end of the faid parilh of Woodford, next Chigwell, and through the parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the county of Effex\ and for lighting and watching the faid road from Whitechapel Church to the four mile Hones in the Rumford and Woodford roads.

Cap. 125. For amending the roads from a place called Biff’s Elm, in the Tewkejbury turnpike road, through Cheltenham, to Eldon Church, and from thence to Coombend Beeches, in the road from Cirencefier to Gloucefier; and from the market, houfe in Cheltenham to the Burfoyd turnpike road at a place called Pewf-don Afl); and from Cheltenham to the road from Gloucefier to London, at or near a houfe called Kilkenney; and from the direction poft in Bembridge Field, through Birdlip, to join the road from Gloucefier to Bath, at or near Painfwick, and at a houfe called The Harrow, all in the county of Gloucefier,

Cap, 126. For enlarging the term and powers of an a<5t, made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from the end of Stan bridge Lane, near a barn, in the parijh ^Romfey, to the turnpike road at Mid-* die Wallop; and from the turnpike road between Stanbridge Lane aforefaid9 and Great Bridge, to the turnpike road at Stockbridge; and from the garden of Henry Hat tat at Awbridge, to the garden wall of Denys Rolle efquire, at Eaft T qderley 5 and from Lock-erley mill fir earn to Eaft Dean gate; and from the faid garden wall to the turnpike road leading from Stockbridge aforefaid, in the county of Southampton, to Salisbury. ^

Cap. 127. To enlarge the term and powers of an adt, pafled in the tenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for amending tk& road from Aylefbury, in the county of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the turnpike road between Benfingr ton j«<i,ShUlingford, in the county of Oxford ; and for amending the road from the turnpike road at Thame, to the Oxford turnpike road between Pofijcomb and Tetfworth, in the faid county of Oxford.

Cap. 128. To enlarge the term, and explain and amend the powers, of an a<5t pafled in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the road

from

i

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

lands, grounds, carrs, and common paftures, in Woodmanfey, Thearne, Weal, and Skidby, all in the parifhes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

49.	An ad for dividing and inclofing an open wade, or common, in the parifh of Sidlejham, in the county of Suffix.

50.	An a d for dividing and inclofing a certain open trad of land called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothwell, in the weft rf-ding of the county of York.

51.	An ad for naturalizing William Henry Collignon.

52.	An ad for naturalizing Barnard Levi.

53.	An ad for vefting certain meffuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the parifh of Landegai, in the county of Carnarvon, belonging to the truftees of the free fchool of Beaumaris, in the right honourable Richard lord Penrhyn, of the kingdom of Ire-land, and his heirs, upon certain terms and conditions therein mentioned.

54.	An ad for vefting a fee farm rent, belonging to Thomas Borrett efquire, and Martha his wife, in the county of Bedford, comprized in a fettlement made upon their marriage, in truftees, to be fold, for the purpofes in the ad mentioned; and for vefting other parts of their fettled eftates, fituate in the county of Kent, for the feparate ufe of the faid Martha Borrett, and to other ufes, the fame as in the former fettlements thereof.

55.	An ad to enable Elizabeth OJborne, William Symonds, Thomas Symonds Powell, and John Moore Green, their heirs or af-figns, to convey certain lands and hereditaments, in the parifh of Clehonger, in the county of Hereford, and which are now fobbed to the trufts of the will of the late John Smith efquire, in exchange for other lands in the fame county, of greater value, to be conveyed to, and held by them refpedively, upon the trufts of the faid will of the faid John Smith.

56.	An ad for dividing and allotting the open and common Jands and grounds within the feveral parifhes of Foffont, Swal-lowclift, Ebefborne, Wale, Broadchalk, Bower chalk, Alvedejlon, Bijhopjlon, and Fifield, in the county of Wilts.

57.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open arablfe fields, ings, or pafture grounds, and common, within the townfhip of Kilnwick, in the parifh of Kilnwick, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

58.	An ad to diflolve the marriage of John Inglis efquire, with Ann Stewart his now wife, and to enable him to marry 9gain, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

59.	An ad to enable John Schrieber efquire, and the heirs of his body, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Lateward\

60.	An ad for naturalizing Charles Imhojf.

6*. An ad fpr naturalizing Hermann Graumann«

Tbt Eni^ ^the TABLES.

Hosted Jay L iOO^IC-



. ,■ l '

...... ’

■	"	.1... '..4 ■ >

• * e:	|

. . . " ’<’,6; .

• ’ ‘ ^ ;

' - / * sbr:.\ '. *

\ >	c.G>;

Hosted by Google

A

T	A	B L	E
•		O F T H E	
S T	A	TUT	E S
PUBLICK and PRIVATE,			

Pafled Anna vice/mo Jexto

GEORGII III.

Being the Third Selfion of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. i. Try OR confining, for a limited time, the trade between JP the ports of the United States of America, and his Majefty’s fubjeds in the ifland of Newfoundland, to bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, to be imported in none but Bri~ tijh-built (hips, actually belonging to Britijh fubje&s, and navigated according to law, clearing out from the ports of his Ma-jetty’s European dominions, and furnifhed with a licence according to the form hereunto annexed.

Cap. 2. To continue an acft, made in the Iaft feffion of parliament intituled. An all to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and eighty-fix,	V

Cap. 4. For further continuing, for a limited time, an a$t made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Ma-, jetty, intituled. An alt for preventing certain inftruments* from being required from Jbips belonging to the United States of America i and to give to his Mqjofly, for a limited time, certain powers

a a	for

Hosted by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fubjefts pf his Majefty s dominions and the inhabitants of the faid United States; and for further continuing, for a limited time, an aft made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to extend the powers of an aft made in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majejiy, for giving his Majefy certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce. between the fubjefts of his Majejiy s dominions, and the inhabitants of the United States of America, to the trade and commerce of this kingdom with the Britifh colonies and plantations in America, with refpeft to certain articles therein mentioned.

Cap. 5. To regulate the exportation of hops to Ireland.

Cap. 6. For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix.

Cap. 7. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fhore.

Cap. 8. To enable the perfons therein named to provide proper places on fhore for the reception of the crew of the Voorberg Dutch Eafi Indiaman, forced by ftrefs of weather into the port of Dartmouth.

Cap. 9. To explain and amend an aft of the Iaft feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majejiy certain duties on Jhops within Great Britain ; for repealing feveral of the juries granted by the faid aft, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 10. For punifhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 11. For enlarging the term of feveral afts of parliament, for the repair of Dover harbour.

Cap. 12. For opening, making, widening, and altering certain ftreets, paftages, and places within, the town of Liverpool in the county palatine of Lane after; for fupplying.the faid town with frefti and wholefome water; for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein; for appointing additional market places, and for extending fo much of the powers of an aft of tfie fecond year of his prefent Majefty, as relates* to hac^qey coachmen, chairmen, carters, and porters, to a certain diftance beyond the liberties of the faid town.

Cap, 13. To continue and render more effeftual.fo much of an a£t, patted in the twenty-fevenfh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, as impofes a, duty on (hips and veffels anchoring in the harbour of Alloa, in the county of Clackmannan, for repairing the pier of the faid harbour.

Cap. 14. To prevent frauds and abufes in the admeafurement of copls, fold by wharf meafure, within the feveral parifties lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both inclufive, in the pounty of Surrey.

Cap. 15. For augmenting and kfeertaining the income of the l*eftors of the parifh church and parochial chapel of Liverpool.

Gap, 16. To explain and amend certain provifions of an aft,

' y	made

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the ST A TUTES.

made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Mi-jefty, refpeding the better regulation and management of the affairs of the.Eaft India company.	-

Cap. 17. For paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the ftreets, lanes, ways, paffages, and places, within the town of Tewkefbury, and the precinds thereof, in the county of Gloucejier; for the removal of prefent, and prevention of future, encroachments, nuifances, and annoyances therein ; for regulating carts and other carriages, and afcertaining the rates of carriage; and for widening fome part of the ftreet called Church Street, within the faid town.

Cap. 18. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the town and borough of Deal, and the parifties of Ripple, Sutton, Northbourn, Great Mongehamy Little Monger hamy Tilmanjlone, Betjhanger, Ham> and Sholden, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 19. To amend and render more effedual two ads, made in the fixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for evening a workhoufe in the town and borough of Plymouth, in the coyp.fy of Devon ; and for fetting the poor ort work, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the mayor and commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the county rates of Devon 5 and for applying for the relief of the poor in the faid work-houfe, certain furplus monies which have formerly arifen by the affeffment for raiftng the land tax in the faid town\ and for granting further power to the guardians of the poor of the town of Plymouth, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 20. To amend, and render effedual, two ads, of the ninth and fifteenth years of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

Cap. 21. For repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Dumbarton.

Cap. 22. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the town and port of Sandwich, and vill of Ramfgate, and the parilhes of Minfer and Saint Lawrence, in the IJle ofTkarietj Walmef AJh next Sandwich, Eaftry, Wingham, Staple, Goodnejlone next Wingham, Chittenden^ Nonnington, Woodnefborough other wife Winjborow, Eythorne, Word other wife WorthElm ejlone, Prefion next Wingham, Ickham, and Wickhambreux, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 23. For the appointment of an additional overfeer for the better government of the poor of the parilh of Weftury, ir% the county of Wilts.

Cap. 24. For building a new gaol and houfe of corredion foe' the county of Salop, and the feveral boroughs, towns corporate, liberties, franchifes, and places within the fame ; and for explaining and amending an ad made in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for building a new Jhire hall and guildhall for the county of Salop and the town ^ Shrewf-

a 3	bury.

Hosted by * Joogk

' A T ABLE of the ST ATUTES.

bury, in the faid county 5 and for the other purpofes therein men* ticned.	'

Cap. 2*5. For obviating all doubts which have arifen, or might atife, with refpedt to the exclufive power of the court of directors of the Eaft India company to nominate and appoint the* governor general and council of the prefidency ofFort William in Bengal.

Cap. 26. To amend arid render mqre effectual the feveral laws now in force for encouraging the fifherles carried on at New* foundland, and parts? adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britijh dominions in Europe \ and for granting bounties, for a limited time, on certain terms and conditions.

Cap. 27. For authoring the lord chief baron, and remanent barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated monqy arifing from the forfeited and lately annexed eftates in Scotland, to pay a certain fum to the fociety in Scotland for propagating chriftian knowledge, for the purpofes, and under the conditions therein mentioned.

Cap. 28. For providing a proper workhoufe, and better regulating the poor, within the parifti of Romford, in the liberty of Havering Atte Bower, in the county of Ejfex.-

Cap. 29. To enable his Majefty to licence a playhoufe within the town and port of Margate, in the ifle of Thanet, in the county of JKent, under certain reftridtions therein limited.

Cap. 30. To enable the company of proprietors of the Co* ventry canal navigation to complete the faid canal to Fradley Heath in the county of Stafford > and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 31. For veiling certain fums in commiffioners, at the , end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the redu6lion of the national debt.

Cap. 32. For raifing a certain fum of money by loans or exr chequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix.

Cap. 33. For raifing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix.

Cap. 34. For altering the days of payment of the long annuities, and annuities for thirty and twenty-nine years.

Cap. 35. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an aft, made in the laft: feffion of parliament, intituled, 'An aft to explain, amend, and render more effeftual> an aft, paffed in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty's reign, intituled, cc An €i aft for authorifmg. the treafurer of the navy to pay to the garrifon

and naval department at Qibralter, the like bounty for deftroying cc certain Spanifh Jhips of war, as is allowed to the officers and men “ on board any of his Majefty* s Jhips of war taking or defraying u Jhips of wdr belonging to the enemyI9

Cap. 36. To explain an adl, made in the laft fefliop of parliament, with repeat to the allowances to be made for wafte on the exportation of white fait and rock fait to the Ifle of Man; .

Google foc

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

for limiting the quantity of Britijh refined fugar to be exported to the Ifle of Man; and for repealing fo much of an ad, made i;i the feventh year of the reign of his prefeot Majefty, intituled. An aft for encouraging and regulating the trade and manufafture of the Ifle of Man; and for the more eafy fupply of the inhabitants there with a certain quantity of wheats barley, oats, meal, and flour, mthorifed by an aft made in this fejfton to be tranfported to the Jaii ifland', as relates to permitting any perfon to import into the Ifle of Man filh from any place whatever, except from Great Britain, without payment of any cuftom or other duty whatfoever.

Cap. 37. For laying a toll upon all horfes and carriages palling on a Sunday over Blackfriars Bridge, and for applying the money to arife thereby towards increafing the fund for yvatching, lighting, cleanfing, watering, and repairing the faid bridge.

Cap. 38. For regulating the time of the imprifonment of debtors imprifoned by procefs from courts inftituted for the recovery of fmall debts; for abolilhing the claim of fees of gaolers, and others, in the cafes of fuch imprifonment; and for ascertaining the qualifications of the commiflidners.

Cap. 39. For widening, enlarging, and cleanfing the ftreets, lanes, and other publick places, and for opening new ftreets^ markets, and paffages, within the town of Newcaflle upon Tyne, and the liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing annoyances therein ; and fox regulating the publick markets, and common ftage waggons, drays, and carts, carrying goods for hire.

Cap. 40. For regulating the produ&ion of manifefts, and for more effe&ually preventing fraudulent pra&ices in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and in the clandeftine relanding of goods.

Cap. 41. For the further fupport and encouragement of the filheries carried on in the Greenland feas and Davis's Streights.

Cap. 42. For granting to his Majefty an additional duty upon , battens and deals imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 43. To continue and render more effedlual an a<£l pafled in the twenty-firft year of his Majefty’s reign, for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax, in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 44. For the further relief of debtors, withr refpecft to the imprifonment of their perfons; and to oblige debtors, who lhall continue in execution in prifon beyond a certain time, and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in theacSt, to makechf-eovery of, and deliver upon oath, their eftates for their creditors benefit.

Cap. 45. To continue and amend an a&, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the encouragement of the pilchardfijhery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

Cap. 46, For augmenting and fixing the falaries of the lords

a 4	of

Hosted by Google

■

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

bf feflion, lords commiflioners of judiciary, and barons of exchequer, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^

Cap. 47. For difcharging the payment of fentence money, and other fees of court, to the judge of the court of admiralty in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the payment of , fentence money to the judges of the commiflary court in Edin-burgh; for granting falaries to the judges of the faid courts in lieu thereof5 and for regulating the nomination of the faid a	judges.

Cap. 48. For granting to his Majedy certain duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the revenue the fums granted out of the fame, in this feflion of parliament, towards the augmentation of the falaries of the judges of the courts of feflion, judiciary, exchequer, and admiralty court in Scotland, and commiflary court of Edinburgh.

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majedy certain damp duties on perfumery, hair powder, and other articles therein mentioned ; and on licences to be taken out by perfons uttering or vending the fapie.	*	^

Cap. 50. For the encouragement of the fouthem whale fiflhery.

Cap. 51. For better fecuring the duties on darch, and for pre- . venting frauds on the faid duties.

Cap. 52. For the more effectually preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco, and for the eafe of the fair trader; for dif-continuing the difcount upon payment on bonds before due, \/ and eftablilhing the duty to be paid upon tabacco of the growth of the Britijh plantations, and the United States of America.

Cap. 53, To continue feveral laws relating to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval dores from the Britijh colonies in America; to the allowance upon the exportation of Britijh made gunpowder; to the further encouraging the manufacture of Britijh fail cloth ; and to the duties payable on foreign fail cloth; to the granting liberty to carry fugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majefty’s fugar colonies, direCtly to foreign, parts, in fhips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the importing fait from Europe into the province of ghiebec in America; to the difcontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and greafe; to the permitting the free importation of raw goat (kins into this kingdom; to the repealing the duties upon pot and pearl allies, wood and weed allies, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; to the regidering the prices at which corn is fold in the feveral counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported; and to the . . effe&ually encouraging the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; and to revive and continue feveral laws relating to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum, (hipped as dores, to.be confumed on board merchant fhips on their voyages;

and

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

A T ABtE of the STATUTES.

and to the granting a bounty upon the importation of hemp and rough and undreffed flax from his Majefty’s colonies in America.

Cap. 54. For continuing the falaries and profits of the com-miffioners, clerks, and other officers of the ftamp office rateable to the land tax, in Sbire Lane ward, within the divifion of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, in the liberty of	1

Wejlminjler, notwithftanding the faid office (hould be removed into any other divifion or place.

Cap. 55- To enable the juftices of the peace for the county of Middlefex to raife money, in manner therein mentioned, for eredting a houfe of corredtion within the faid county.

Cap 56. For obliging overfeers of the poor to make returns, upon oath, to certain queftions fpecified therein, relative to the ftate of the poor.

Cap. 57. For the further regulation of the trial of perfons accufed of certain offences committed in the Eajl Indies; for repealing fo much of an acft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An all for the letter regulation and management of the affairs of the Eaft India company, and of the Britifli poffefftons in India, and for ejlablijhing a court of judicature for the more fpeedy and effe final trial of perfons accufed of offences committed in the Eaft Indies), as requires the fervants of the Eafi India company to deliver inventories of their eftates and effects ; for rendering the laws more effectual againft per-fons unlawfully reforting to the Eaft Indies \ and for the more eafy proof, in certain cafes, of deeds and writings executed in Great Britain or India.

Cap. 58. For procuring, upon oath, returns of all charitable donations, for the benefit of poor perfons, in the feveral parifties and places within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 59. For repealing certain duties now payable on wines imported, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the management of the commiflioners of excife.

Cap. 60. For the further increafe and encouragement of (hipping and navigation.

Cap. 61. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund ; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament.-

Cap. 62. To enable the Eaft India company to raife money by a fale of annuities, and by increnfing their capital flock.

Cap. 63. For the further preventing frauds and abufes attending the payment of wages, prize money, and other allowances,

<lue for the fervice of petty officers and feamen on board any of his Majefty’s (hips.

Cap. 64. To difcontinue, for a limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, waft), and other liquors, there ufed in the diftillation of

fpirits;

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fpirits; and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof.

65. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.

. Cap. 66. For appointing commiffioners further tp enquire into the fees, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the feveral publick offices therein mentioned; to examine into any abufes which may exift in the fame; and to report fuch obfervations as (hall occur to them, for the better conducing and managing the bufinefs tranfa&ed in the faid offices.

Cap. 67. For appointing and enabling commiffioners further to examine, take,, and (late the publick accounts of the kingdom.

Cap. 68. For appointing commiffioners further to enquire into the Ioffes and fervices of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in1 their rights, properties, and profeffions, during the late unhappy diffentions in *America, in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britijh government.

Cap. 69. For defraying the charge of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March) one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix.

Cap. 70. To re&ify a miftake in an adl made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting to his Ma~ jejly a certain Jum of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thou-fand jeven hundred and eighty-fix; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament.

Cap. 71. For regulating houfes, and other places, kept for the purpofe of flaughtering horfes.

Cap. 72. For explaining and amending an a<3, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for laying an additional duty on hackney coaches, and for explaining and amending feveral afts of parliament relating to hackney coaches.

Cap. 73. To difcontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home confumption, *and for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britijh fpirits; and for difcontinuing, for a limited time, certain impofts and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the Weft Indies.

Cap. 74. For granting to his Majefty additional duties upon fweets, and for afcertaining the duties upon licences to be taken out by perfons dealing in fweets.

Cap. 75. For appointing commiffioners to enquire into the Ioffes of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their properties, in confequence of the ceffion of the province of Eajl Florida to " the King of Spain.

Cap. 76.

Hosted by Google

A T A B L E of the STATUTE S.

Cap, 76; For repealing fo much of two afts, paffed in the fourteenth and twenty-firft years of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty, as prohibits the exportation of wool cards of a limited price.

Cap. 77. To limit a time for the repayment of the duties bn male fervantsand carriages by the commiffioners of excife; and alfo on horfes, waggons, warns, and carts, by the commiffioners of ftamps; and for the amendment of leveral laws relating to the duties under the management of the commiffioners of excife.

Cap. 78, For better fecuring the duties on paper printed, painted, or ftained, in Great Britain♦

Cap. 79. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an aft mafie in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned from the commijfmers of excife9 and the commiffioners of JiampSy refpeftivetyi to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes y ' and alfo for making further provifms in refpeft to the faid duties fo transferred; and for making certain provifions refpeft ing oaths to beadminiftered by the commiffioners for the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, or any other duties put under their management.

Cap. 80. For further continuing certain afts therein mentioned, relating to the further punilhment of perfons going armed or difguifed, in defiance of the laws of cuftoms or excife ; and to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

Cap. 81. For the more effeftual encouragement of the BrU tijh fiffieries.

Cap. 82. For the more effeftually carrying into execution the laws relating to the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and for repealing certain llamp duties on policies for infuring property in any foreign kingdom or ftate from lofs by fire.

Cap. 83. To explain and amend an aft, pafled in the feventfi year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to prevent frauds and abufes in the admeafurement of coals, fold by wharf meafure^ within the city of London and the liberties thereof \ and between Tower Dock and Limehoufe Hole, in the county of Middlefex,

Cap. 84. To empower the archhifhop of Canterbury, or the archbifhop of York^ for the time being, to confecrate to.the office of a biftiop, perfons being fubjefts or citizens of countries out of his Majefty’s dominions.

Cap. 85. To revive, continue, and amend fo much of an aft, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for allowing a bounty on the exportation fl/'Britrlh made cordage, and for difcontinuing the draivbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported, as relates to allowing a bounty on the exportation of Britijh made cordage.

Cap. 86. To explain and amend an aft, made in the feventh year of his late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft to fettle how

nfar t

-	.	Hosted	by

A TABLE oFthe STATUTES.'

far owners of Jhips /hail be anfwerdble for the ads of the maflert or mariners; and for giving a further relief to the owners of (hips.

Cap. 87. For appointing commiflloners to enquire into the ftate and condition of the woods, forefts, and land revenues, belonging to the crown; and to fell or alienate fee-farm, and other unirhproveable rents.

Cap. 88. For fettling and fecuring a certain annuity for the life of lady Maria Carlton, wife of fir Guy Carlton, knight of the moft honourable order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton, and Tho-mas Carlton, fons of the faid fir Guy Carlton, in confideration of the eminent fervices performed by him to his Majefty, and this country.

Cap. 89. To explain, amend, and extend to other tools and utenfils, an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to prohibit the exportation to foreign parts of tools and utenfils made ufe of in the iron and Jleel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the /educing of artificers or workmen, employed in thofe manufactures, to go into parts beyond the feas.

Cap. 90. For repealing fo much of an aft, pafled in the twenty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An cCl for granting to his Majefty additional duties upon fait; and certain duties upon Glauber tfrEpfom falts; and alfo on mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, made from fait; and to prevent frauds in the duties on foul fait to be ufed in manuring of lands, as relates to the obtaining rock fait or fait rock, or brine, or fea water, for the purpofe of making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, duty-free.

Cap. 91. For making perpetual an aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for'regulating mad-houfes.

Cap. 92. To continue, for a limited time, an aft made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of hts prefent majefty King George the Third, to explain, amende and render more ejfeduaU an aCt made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, “ An ad for the more effedual pii-ni/hment of perfons who Jhall attain, or attempt to attain, poffejfion of goods or money, by falfe or untrue pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning if goods; for the eafy redemption of goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in public houfes by journeymen^ labourers, fervants, and apprenticesf fo far as the fame relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of goods, and for the eafy redemption of goods pawned.

Cap. 93. To enable his Majefty to grant a certain annuity to Brook IVatfon efquire, late commifiary general in North Ame-rica9 in confideration of his diligent and meritorious fervices in that office.

Cap. 94. For making compenfation to the proprietors of fuch lands and hereditaments as have been purchafed for the more fafe and convenient carrying on his Majefty’s gunpowder works and mills, near the town of Faverjham ; and for the better fecuring his Majefty’s docks, (hips, and (lores, at Portfmouth and

Plymouth,

Hosted by CjOO^ 1C

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

Plymouth, in purfuance of a&s of parliament made in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth'years of his prefent Majefty’s reign $ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 95. For enlarging the times appointed for the firft meetings of commiffioners, and other perfons, for putting in execution certain adts of this feffion of parliament.

Cap. 96. To provide that the proceedings now depending in the houfe of commons upon articles of charge of high crimes and mifdemeanors, which have been exhibited againft Warren Ha flings &quire, late governor general of Fort William in Ben* gali fhall not be difcontinued by any prorogation or diffolution of parliament.

Cap. 97. For railing a further fum of money, by exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix.

Cap. 98. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments \ and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes 5 and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or miflaid; and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped; to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors.

Cap. 99. To afcertain the fees to be taken by the officers of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, on the iffues of money which have been made, and (hall hereafter be* made, for the payment of certain penfions at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer.

Cap. 100. To prevent occafional inhabitants from voting in the.election of members to ferve in parliament, for cities and boroughs, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the dominion of Wales.

Cap. 101. For ere&ing certain light-houfes in the northern parts of Great Britain.

Cap. 102. For enlarging the term and powers of an a&, pafied in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for itn-powering the commiffioners for putting in execution the feveral afls pajfed for paving, cleanfing, and lighting the fquares, fir eels, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and parts adjacent, to colleft certain tolls on Sundays upon the feveral roads therein mentioned, and apply the fame for the purpofes of the faid afls.

Gap. 103. For affefling the commiffioners, clerks, and other officers of the office for victualling his Majefty’s navy, for their -falaries, and the profits of their refpective offices, to the land tax, in the manor of Eaft S mi ;hfield, in the Tower Divifm, in the county of Middlefex, notwitbftanding the removal of the faid office into a.ny other divifion or place.

Cap. 104.

Hosted by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES. .

Cap. 104. For allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals ufed in fmelting, copper and lead ores, and in fire engines for draining water out of the copper and lead mines within the Ifle of Angle fey,	‘	.

Cap. 105. For continuing the Salaries and profits of the com-miffioners, clerks, and other officers of the pay office and navy office refpe&ively, rateably to the land tax, in the wards of Broad Street and Tower, within the city of London, notwithstanding the faid offices (hould be removed into any other di-vifion or place.

Cap. 106. For incorporating certain perfons therein named, by the name and (tile of The Britijh Society for extending the fifhe-ties, and improving ihe fea coajls of this kingdom, and to enable them, when incorporated, to fubfcribe a joint flock, and therewith to purchafe lands, and build thereon free towns, villages, and fiftiing ftations, in the highlands and iflands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and for other purpofes.

Cap. 167. For amending, and reducing into one a<5t of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 108. For explaining, amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the feveral aits pafled for more effeitually preventing the frauds and abufes committed in the admeafure-ment of coals within the city and liberty of Weftminjler, and that part of the duchy of Lancafler .adjoining thereto, and the feveral parilhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le. Bon, and fuch part of the parifh of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesex.

Cap, . 109. For incorporating the members of a fociety to be called The Clyde Marine Society, for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and ufeful defigns; and for levying certain duties from (hipmafters and others, for that purpofe.

Cap. no. For fupplying North Shields, and the (hipping referring thereto, with water.	.

Cap. 111. To amend and render more effeilual an a#* made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging the bridge over the river Avon, in the city of Briftol, and wetting a temporary bridge adjoining; and for widening the Jlreets, lanes, ways, and pajfages leading thereto\ and for building another bridge over fome other part of the faid river, within the faid city (if necef-fary) ; and for opening proper ways and pajfages thereto; and for making a way from the bridge already built to Temple Street, in the faid city.	.

Cap. 112. For railing a competent fum of money to defray the expence of a proper number of watchmen, patrols, and beadles, within the pariflies of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelift, in the city of Wejlminjler.

Cap. 113. For widening feveral ftreets in the city of Edin-burgh \ for opening a communication from Queen's Street to

Broughton

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Broughton Loans for enlarging the burial ground; and for ex-tending the royalty of the faid city over part of the lands of Broughton.

Cap. 114. For afcertaining and eolledfing the poor’s rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the poor, in the parifti of Saint John Southwark, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 115. For providing a proper workhoufe, and better regulating the poor, within the parifti of Barkings in the county pf EJfex; and for regulating the common wharf within the town *>f Barking,

Cap. 116.-For paving the footways and paflages in the town of Cheltenham, in the county of Gloucejiers and for better cleanf-ing and lighting the faid town 5 for taking down certain old buildings now {landing therein; and for removing and preventing other encroachments* nuifances, and annoyances.

Cap. 117. For pulling down and rebuilding the church of All Saints in the town of NewcaJUe upon Tyand f°r enlarging the church-yard, and making convenient avenues and paflages thereto.

Cap. 118. For the more jeafy and fpeedy recovery of final! debts within the town and port of Folkeftone, and the parities of Folkejione^ Cheriton, Newington next Hiihe, Stanford, PoJUing, Lyminge9 Elham, Paddlefwortb, Aeri^Swingfields and Hawkinge* in the county of Kent.

Cap. 119. For paving, repairing, clearifing, lighting, and Watching, the ftreets, lanes * Ways^ paflages, and places, within the borough of Newport, in The Ifle of Wight; and for the removal of prefent, and prevention of future, encroachments, nuifartces, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 120. For paving, cleanfing,'lighting, and watching the ftreets, lanes, and other publick paifeges and places, within the manor of Southwark^ otherwife called The Clinks br Bifhop of Winchefers Liberty, in the parifti of Saint SaviourSouthwark, in the county of Surrey, tor the removal of prefent, and preventing of future encroachments, nuifances, and annoyances therein ; for laying out two new ftreets, and widening and regulating feveral other of the ftreets and paflages within the faid liberty; for difeontinuing the paflage through Globe Alley ; and for (hutting up in the night time the way leading from Clink Street 1 in the f%id liberty, to the river fide/

Cap. 12i. For appointing commiflionefs for putting in execution an a6l of this feflion of parliament, intituled. An off for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax,* to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and iigbty-ftx\

PUBLICK ACTS not prihted in this Collection;

£ap. 122. For continuing the term of an a&, made in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, for amending^ widening^ alter-'	ini>

Hosted by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ing9 clearing\ and keeping in repair, fevered roads leading from the market crofs, in the town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the county of Dorfet.

f Gap. 123. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft of the fifth year of his prefent Majefty 9for repairings widening, and keeping in repairs feveral roads leading to and from Crewkerne, in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 124. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, paffed in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing , widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Crom-ford Bridge, in the county of Derby, to the turnpike road at or near rLangley Mill, in the faidcounty.

Cap. 125. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from Workfop, in the county of Nottingham, through the towns of Gateforth, Anfton, Afton, Handfworth, and Darnall, to the north-eajl end of Atter-cliffe, in the county of York, where the fame joins the turnpike road from Bawtry to Sheffield.

Cap. 126. For more effectually repairing the road from Lt* verpool to Prefon, in the county of Lancajler.

Cap. 127. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of ah aft, of the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from The Little Bridge, over the end of the drain next Wifbeach River, lying between Roper’s Fields and The Bell Inn, in Wifbeach, in the Ifle of lily, to thefign of The Bear, in Walfoken, in the county ^Norfolk ; and from Walfoken Bridge, lying over the fame drains to the faid fign e/The Bear, and to Lord’s Bridge, in Iflington; and from thence to the weft ends 0/* Maudlin Bridge and German’s Bridge^ in the'eounty of Norfolk-3 and from the eajl end ^German’s Bridge aforefaids to the weft end of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the borough of King’s Lynn, in the faid county 0/" Norfolk $ and from Iflington afore]aids iG Crofs Keys Wafh, in the faid county.

Cap. 128. For continuing the t^rm, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an aft, paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairings widening, and keeping in repairs feveral roads in and near Great Torrington, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 129. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, for repdiring and widening feveral roads leading to and through the borough of Bodmin in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 130. For mere effectually repairing the road from The Black Bull Inns in Dunfiabks in . the county of Bedford\ to the way turning out of the faid road up to Shefford Houfe\ in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 131. For making, widening, and keeping in repair, certain roads in the feveral parifhes of Lambcthy Newington^ Saint George Southwark, Bermondfejs and Chriff Churchy m th§ pou.uy 01 Surrey y and for watching.and lighting the fa*d coads^

Cap, 1

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Cap, 132. For enlarging the term of two ads, of the fifth land ninth years of his prcfent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to the repairing of the roads from Wat's Grafs to Cowden, and from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurfi Hatch Comer y and from Penjhurft town to Southborough, in the county of Kent.

Cap, 133. To enlarge the term and powers of two afts, made in the fifth and feventh years of his prcfent Majefty, for repairing certain roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the town of Wifbech Saint Peter’s, in the Ifie of Ely, and Other places in the faid afts mentioned.

- Cap. 134. For enlarging the term of an aft of the fifth year of his prelent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from the turnpike road at Kipping’s Crofs, in the parijh (/’Brerich-ley, in the county of Kent, through the parijhes of Brerichley, Hprfmonfden, and Goudhurft, by the left hand fide ofldien Green, to the turnpike road on Wilfley Green, in the parijh of Craribrboke ; and from a place near Goudhurft Gore, through the parijh ^Mar-den, to Stile Bridge, in the faid parijh-, and from Underden Green, in Marden aforefaid, to Wanfhutt’s Green, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 135. For amending and Widening feveral roads leading from and through the town of Wivelifcombe, in the county Of Somerfet, and other roads adjoining Or near thereto.

Cap. 136. For continuing the term* and altering and enlarging the powers of an aft, pafied in the fifth year of his present Majefty’s reign, for repairing and widening fiveral roads lead-ing from the port town and borough of Minehead, and from Drafter and Watchet, in the county 0/Somerfet.

Cap. 137. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, pafied in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening the road from Great Grimfby Haven, at or near a place called The Upper Sand Erid, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nuns Farm to The Mill Field, in the parijh (/'Irby, in the county (/’Lincoln.

Cap. 138. For enlarging the term and pOWeiVof aft iaft, n^de in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent majefty Kmg George the Third, and alfo of two afts, made, one m the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Firft, and the other fh the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second*. fb far as the faid two afts relate to the road from Spktkgate Hill to Fojton Bridge, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 139. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Flooierjbmk Bridge, within the towftfitip of New-tcm, x\tox Cbefier, to the South end of WHderfpool Canfewdy, and from the market town Of Frodjbm to Ajbion Ldhe End, ih ffife townfhip of Ajbun, ih the county Of Chefier.

Cap. 140. For continuing and amending an aft Of the fifth year of his prefent Majefty,for cMetnlfng and twidening the toad firm the fign of ihe Coach and Horfes in Bfrftall* to the tvrdpik road at N^brdok, mifrefa Bradley Dane to the townof Hi&derf-IfcM, in the weft riding of the	countyof York.

Voi. XXXV.	b	Cap.	141.

Hosted by Google

l.

: A TABLE of the STATUTES.

. Cap. 141. fpt enlarging the term and powers; of fo much of an paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent majefty KingXSeorge the Third, intituled. An aft for repairing and yvidet^ng foads fromB&vytxy Bridge, in the county of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the county ^Lincoln ; and from North WiN lingbnorth end. of the lane betwixt Dexthorpej^ii Lilngton; and from Weft Raifin /<? Pilford Bridge; and from* the great road near Bifhop Bridge to Bifhop Norton Common; and fromthe, hamlet of Morton to Epworth ; and from Hexey Field to the Trent, at Kinnald Ferry, in the faid county of Lincoln, as r^tes to the firft and fecond diftri&s of roads, therein defer i bed;

Cap. 142. For enlarging the term and powers,of an ail, paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending and widening the road, from the north end of Old Mahon Gate, in the town and borough of New Malton, to the town ^Pickering, in the county of York.

Cap. 143. To continue the term of two adts, made in the thirteenth and twenty-feventh years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing the road between Hockliffe, in the county of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the county >0/ Buckingham.	1

Cap. 144. For continuing the term, and altering and enlacing the powers, of an ait, paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending and widening the road from the city ofYoxky by Griinfton Smithy, to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimfton Smithy aforefaid to a certain gate at the upper end of Garraby Hill, in the county of York.

Cfip. 145. For continuing the term of an ait, of the feventh year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the turnpike road in the town of Tenterden, to and over.Bull Green, and tp and through the town of Great Chart, to a houfe known by the ftgn of theCaftle, at the entrance of the town of Afhford, in the county of Kent; and. alfo the road leading frotflJ&M Gxttxu aforefaid to Hothfield Heath; and alfo the road leading from Bull Green aforefaid, through High Halden, to Daflunanden, jn the parifh of Biddenden, in the faid county of Kent.

Cap, 146. For enlarging the term and powers of an ait, paffed in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the road from Barton Waterfide Houfe to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and feveral other roads in the county of Lincoln therein mentioned', and for repairing and .widening the road from the Old Bridge, in the town qf Briggs in the faid county, to Wrawby Bar and Bigby Bar, in the faid town; and alfo the road, from the end of the faid turnpike , road at Caijlor, in the faid county of Lincoln, to the Sjiuth Gate, in the faid town of Caifior.	.	./)

Cap* 147• To enlarge the term and powers of two ails, made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Secondh and the fixthyear of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the

. .	...	,m§

•	»	t	.	.	..	,f	J	.

\

Hosted by Googfe'

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

road from God ft one, in the county o/Surrey, to Highgate, in the parifly of Eaft Grinftead,,/# the county of Suffex.

;Cap» 148. For enlarging the term: and powers of an act* palled in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reigns for repairings ividening, and keeping in repair * the hadfrom Welford Bridge* in the county /Northampton, through Hufband’s Bofwonh and Great Wigfton, to Million Lane, in the town of Leicefter,

- Cap. 149. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the roads from Brimington and Chefterfield* in the county of Derby* over the High Moors, to the feveral places therein mentioned.

Cap. 150. For continuing the term, and altering the powers* of an ad of the fifth year of his prefent Majefty^ repairing* widening, and keeping in repair,feveral roads leadingfrom Kidwelly* in the county of Carmarthen, and alfo feveral roads leading front Llandilo, in the faid county, fo far as relates to the Llandilo dif-*-rrid of the laid roads, and for amending and keeping in repair feveral other roads in the faid county.

Gap. 151. For making, repairing* and widening the road froth Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfretbn, to Tibjhelf in the fame county, and alfo a branch from the fame road* at or near Shirland Logde, to High dm, in thefamefcounty.

Cap. 152. For enlarging the term and powers of two ads, made in the twelfth and thirty-firft years of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Chefterfield, in the county of Derby, 'to Work fop, in the county /Nottingham, and other roads therein mentioned, fo far as the fame relate td the road from Chefterfield to Workfop.

Cap, 153/For enlarging the termand powers of an aft, made in the ftxth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and ividening the road leading from the bottom of Church Lane* in the town /Newcaftle under Lyne, in the county of Stafford, to the\ turnpike road leading from Woor to Chefter, near the town of Namptwich, in the county of Chefter, and from Chefter ton, through Audley and Balterley* to Ghorfty Hill.

Cap. 154. For enlarging the term and powers of two ads, pa(Ted in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Tonbridge, to Maidftone, and from Wat’s Crofs to Cowden, in the county of Kent, fo far as the fame relate to the road from Tonbridge to Maidftone.

Cap. 155^ To enlarge the term and powers of an ad, parted in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, fo far as relates to the road from Selby, to Leeds, in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 156. To enlarge the term and alter the powers of an ad* made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads leading from the quay at Lymington, in the county /Southampton.	-

Cap, 157. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad of '■ .	b 2	th$

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

parifhes of Horfmonden, Marden, Yalden, and Weft Farley, to Weft Farky Street, in the /aid comity of Kent.

Cap, 258. To continue the term and powers of an aft, made in the .fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relates to the repairing and widening the road leading from the river at Swathling* through Botleyy to the turnpike road at Sherrill Heathy in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 159. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging the term and,powers of an aft, paffed in the fecond year of the reign of jiis prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from a certain bridge called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter’s Gate, in Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from thence to the fouth end of the town of Morcot, in the county 0/* Rutland.

Cap, 160. For more efleftually repairing and keeping in repair, fo much of the road from the town of Newcaflle upon Tyne, to the city of Carlijle, as is within the county of Northumberland.

.. 1 . .

PRIVATE ACTS.

I.	AN aft for naturalizing Louis Weltje and Alexander von Mayerfbach.

2.	An aft for naturalizing Andreas Emmerich.

. 3. An aft for naturalizing John Henry Cbrijlopherfon.

4.	An aft for naturalizing John Henry Rougemont and Lewis Guy.

5.	An aft for dividing and indofing the commons and wafte grounds within the borough or town (hip of G\itberoe% in the county palatine of Lancajler.

6.	An aft to enable Cornelius Salvidgey (now called Cornelius Tutton), and the heirs of his body, *0 take the furname of Tut* tony purfuant to the will of Samuel Tutton efquire, deceafed.

7.	An aft for naturalizing John Conrad Meyer.

8.	An aft for naturalizing John Peter Richard and George Chrijlian Mattbieffen.

9.	An aft for naturalizing Gujlaf Hederfledt.

10.	An aft to enable the right honourable Francis lord Duciey and his iflue, to take the furname of Moretony and to bear and ufe the arms of honour of the right honourable Matthew lord Duciey deceafed, purfuant to the will of the faid Matthew lord Lucie.

11.	Ah aft for veiling the fettled eftate of Stephen Trefi\ iti the county of Suffix, in truftees, to convey the fame purfuant to an agreement for the fale thereof, and for laying out the money in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled ip the like ufes.

12. All

Hosted by Google

A T A B L E of the STATUTES.

12.	An aft for dividing and inclofit^ Oeriain common fields common meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands, with*-in the hamlet of Shottery, in the parifhof Old Stratford other-wife Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick.

13.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain, open and common fields, common meadows and paftures, and common-able or wafte lands, within the parifti of Oddington, in the county of Ghucejier.

14.	An aft for dividing and inclofing feveral parcels of wafte grounds within the manors, of Narberib, Templeton, Mollejlon^ and Robejione Watban, in the pariQies of Narberib and Rohcjione Wa-than, in the county of Pembroke.

15.	An aft for dividing, inclofing, and allotting certain moors, commons, or wafte lands, lying and being within the parifti of JVejl Pennard, in the county of Somerfet.

16.	An aft to enable George Tajburgh efquire (lately called George Crathorne) and his heirs male, to take and bear the fur-name and arms of Tajburgb only, purfuant to the will, and alfo to a certain fettlement made by George Tajburgb efquire, deceafed.

17.	An aft for veiling part of the deviled eftate of Robert Bijbopp, deceafed, in the county of Surreyy in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing from the fale in the pur-chafe of another eftate, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

18.	An aft to enable the vicar of the parifti and parifti church

of Sheffield, in the county of York, to grant leafes of the glebe land, and other wife improve the eftate belonging to the fa id vicarage,	v	■

19.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the feveral commons.and wafte grounds within the manors of Crick and Soutbwingfield, in the county of Derby.

20.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the feveral common fields, common downs, common paftures, and other common-able places, in the feveral parifhes of Upper Wallop, Hurjbourn Pryors, and Tuft on, in the county of Southampton.

21.	An aft tor dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields, a common meadow and common pafture, and commonable lands, within the parifti of Bray, in the county of Berks.

22.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifti of Tichwell, in the county of Norfolk.

23* An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land, within the parilh of Harrington, in the county of Worcejier.

24.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the commons, common fields, waftes, and other commonable*lands and grounds, within the manor and parifti of Metbley, in the county of York.

25.	An aft to effeftuate and eftablifti an exchange between the right honourable Henry Frederick lord Carteret, and his truftees, with the matter, fellows, and fcholars of the college of the lady

•	e	Frances

Hosted by Google

A'TABLE of the STATUTES. *

Prances Sidney Sujjex, in-the univerfity of Cambridge, of the ad-vowfon and right of patronage of and to the reftory of Saint Mary Week otherwife Week Saint Mary, in the county of Cornwall, for the advowfon arid right of patronage of and to the vicarage of Wiljhamjlead otherwife Wilftead, in the county of Bedford.

26.	An act for veiling certain eftates in the county of Nottingham, intailed by the will of the right honourable Henry William Arundell vifcount Gallway, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing therefrom in the purchafe of eftates fituate in the weft riding of the county of York, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

27.	An aft for veiling part of the eftates, in the town and county of Southampton, devifed by the will of Benjamin Barlow* deceafed, in truftees, to be fold; and for laying out the purchafe money in another eftate, to be fettled, in lien thereof, to the fame ufes.

28.	An aft for dividing arid incloling a common, and certain other open grounds, in the townlhip and parilh of Moor Monk-ion, in the county of the city of York.

29.	An aft for dividing and allotting certain commonable

grounds, or wafte woodlands, in the townlhip of Atherjlone, in the county of Warwick.	•	~

30.	An aft for dividing, incloling, and exchanging the open fields and other lands and grounds within the parilh of Ravdey, in the county of Huntingdon.

31.	An aft for dividing and incloling the feveral common paftures, commons, or wafte grounds, within the parilhes of Sinnington with Marton and Edjlone, in. the north riding of the county of York.

32.	An aft for dividing and incloling the commons or wafte lands within the manor of AJlon otherwife AJion Abbotts, in the county of Salop.

33.	An aft for veiling part of the fettled eftates of Denys Rolle and John Rolle, efquires, in truftees, upon truft, to fell the fame, and to purchafe eftates contiguous to the principal eftates of the faid Denys Rolle and John Rolle, to be fettled to the ufes of the eftates veiled in truftees for fale.

34.	An aft for dividing and incloling the feveral open fields, {tinted pafture, ings, commons, wafte lands, and grounds, in the townlhips of Little Smeaton and Stubbs Walden, in the parilh of Womerfley, in the weft riding of the county of York.

35.	An aft for dividing and incloling the feveral open fields, common meadows, common paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, in the parilh of Wejlon upon Trent, in the county of Derby.

36.	An aft for enabling the right honourable Charles Philip lord Stourton, and the right honourable Mary lady Stourton, his wife, the right honourable Hugh lord Clifford, and the right honourable Appolonia lady Clifford, his wife, and Robert Butler efquire, and the honourable Elizabeth Butler, his wife, to charge

tlieij

Hosted by Google

;A TABLE of the STATUTES.

their eftates at Holme, in the eaft riding of the county of Torlf with a competent fum of money for the purpofe of improving the fame, and alfo to grant building and other leafes of the faid .eftates, and of their other eftates in the counties of York and Stafford.

37.	An ad to enable the furviving parties to certain articles of agreement made previous to the marriage of the honourable John Darner, deceafed, with the honourable Atm Seymour Conway (now Ann Darner, widow) to infert in the fettlement to be executed in purfuance of the faid articles proper powers for railing the fum of forty thoufand pounds for the purpofes in the faid articles mentioned.

38.	An ad for redifying miftakes in the marriage fettlement pf lord and lady Camelford, and for making a further provifion For the younger children of the faid marriage.

, 39. An ad to refettle certain freehold and copyhold lands and hereditaments in the county of Norfolk, to the ufes, and fubjed to the powers limited or exprefled of and concerning the fame, by the fettlement made on the marriage of William John Spearman Wafey efquire, and Elizabeth Honoria, his wife.

, 40. An ad for veiling the eftate late of John Shipton efquire, deceafed, in the county of Warwick, in truftees, to be fold and difpofed of for the payment of his debts and certain of the legacies given by his will and codicil, and for laying out the refidue of,the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled to the ufes, and for the purpofes, therein mentioned.	•

,,. 41. An ad for vefting part of the fettled eftates of Walter Stanhope and John Shuttlewortb9 efquircs, in the counties of York and Derby, in truftees, to be fold or exchanged, and for laying out the purchafe money of the eftates fo to be fold, in other eftates to be fettled to the fame ufes, and for enabling the tenants for life to grant building and repairing leafes, and for confirming the eledion made between the faid parties refpeding the faid eftates.

42.	An ad fqr effeding an exchange between Rebecca Afsheton widow, and the right honourable James earl of Salifbury, of certain fmall parts of their eftates in the county of Herts.

43.	An ad for veiling an undivided moiety (being the fettled eftate of Samuel .Williamjon, a lunatick) of and in certain lands in Liverpool, in thp wunty of Lancajler, in truftees, to be fold, with the approbation of the court of chancery, and for laying out the money arifing therefrom in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

, 44. An ad for vefting part of the fettled eftates of Richard Parry efqdire, in the county of Denbigh) ia North Wales, in trpflees. to be fold, and for applying the monies arifing by fuch' fale in difcharging the incumbrances affeding the fame and other jeftafes of the faid Richard Parry 9 and for fubftituting and fettling pother eftate of greater value in lieu thereof.

' 45. An:ad for dividing and inclp^ng. the open and common

fields.

Hosted by

A T ABLE o? the S T AYO t E S.

fields, common meadows, common paftures, commonable lands, and wafte founds, in the manor and parilh of Broughton, in the county of Northampton.

46.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds within the manor of Huddersfield^ in the county of York.

47.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields, meadows, paftures, and wafte lands, within the pa-rrfh of Cartwick, in the cbunty of the city of Lincoln, and for feparatirtg, dividing, and appropriating, an open common called Canii)ick^orThe South Comrhon, adjoining thereto; and for ex-tinguilhing certain rights, of common in and upon the fame, and alf6 in and upon the faid open and common fields, meadows, paftures, atnd wafte lands ; and for making compenfations in lieu thereof refpedively.

48.	An aft for dividing and allotting the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parilh of Berwick Saint John, in the county of Wilts.

49.	An ad for veiling part of the eftate of Thomas Whuhcot efquire, deceafed, in the county of Lincoln, in truftees, for fale*‘ to pay Off incumbrances affeding the fame, and for other pur* pofes therein mentioned,

50.	Ah ad to empower the guardians of William Phillips Ingh efquire, and of his fillers, to make or grant building and othef leafes during their refpedive minorities; and alfo to make exchanges of intermixed lands in or near the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick.

51.	An ad for veiling the eftate comprized in the fettletttent made on the marriage of the reverend Thomas Beaumont clerk, de-ceafed, in truftees, to fell the fame, and apply the money td arife by foch fale in the purchafe of other lands or hereditaments, to be fettled, in like manner, in lieu thereof.

52.	An ad for applying part of the trull fund which was given by the will of dodor Ralph Freeman, for repairing or rebuilding the vicarage houfe of the parilh of Barkings in the courtly of EJfex, in purchasing a convenient piece of grOUnd in the faid parilh, and in building a new vicarage houfe thereon.

53.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and common fields, common downs, common paftures, common meadows, wafte lands, and other commonable places, within the parilh of Bafingfioke, in the county of Southampton.

54.	An ad for enabling the right honourable Edmund earl of Cork and Orrery, in the kingdom of Ireland, and baron Boyle of Marjlon, in England, to pulT down the prefeht parilh church of Barjloti Biggott otherwife Marjldn Bygoodj in the county of

fet, and for building a new parilh church there.

55.	An ad to triable William Bamford efquire, anfd the feVctal Other perfohs therein mentioned, to grant leafes of certain parts of the fettled eftates, in the Several counties of Laitcafter arid Cbejlery lately of or belonging to Artn Batrtford fpinfter, dectafed, upon the terms and rtftridfoha ttftftSn mtentfdrtfcd,

56. An

Hosted by Google

A TABLE p the STATUTES.

56.	Ana ft for veiling part of the fettled ellates of John Rich gentleman, and EBzabetb his wife, in the counties of Leicejler ^and Warwick^ in truftees, to be fold, and for applying the money arifing therefrom in payment of incumbrances, under the di-rediion of the court of chancery, and for laying out the furplus of fuch money in the purchafe of other ellates, to be fettled to the fame ufes..

57.	An adl for dividing and incloling certain commons* called Helper Ward and Cheviti Ward> in the county of Derby, and certain wafte lands within the liberties of Duffield, Helper, Hazle-wood, and Makeney, within the parilh of Duffield^ in the faid county of Derby.

58.	An adl for dividing, allotting, and incloling the open common fields, common meadows, and pallures, and alfo apiece of common adjoining to Chekvortb Common, all within the manors and tything of Great and Little Chelworth, or one of them, in the parilh of Cricklade Saint Sampfon> in the county of Wilts.

59.	Ah adl for veiling part of the devifed ellates of the right honourable Thomas lord Foley, deceafed, ip the county of Wor-

0 fejler, in Samuel Skey efquire, in fee limple, in exchange for another eftate of equal value, and for effedling a fale of other part of the faid devifed ellates to the faid Samuel Skey, purfuant to an agreement made by the faid lord Foley in his life time, and for inverting the money arifing from fuch fale in the purchafe of other ellates, under the direction of the court of chancery, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the fame ufes.

60.	An adl for naturalizing Albertine Marianne Trefufiu

The J?nd of the T ABLES.

*

Vol. XXXV.	c	THE

Hosted by Google

Hosted by Google

f H &

STATUTES at Large,

•A—a/---i ■'■ -- *■-	 -

Anno regni G E 0 R G11 III. Regis, Mag-nee Britannia, Francia, &* Hiberni^ vicefimo quinto.

AT the parliament begun And holderi at Well-* minfter, the eighteenth day of May, Amir Domini 1784, in the twenty fourth year of the reign of our fivereign lord GEORGE the fhird, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland * King, defender of the faith, &c. And front thence continued, by feveral prorogations, to the twenty-fifth day of January, 17855 being the fecond fejfion of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain

GAP. t

An aft for confining, for a limited time, the trade between the ports ^ of the United States of America, and his Majejiys fubjefts in the ifland 0/ Newfoundland, to bread, four, and live flock, to be imported in none but Briti(h-biiilt Jhips, actually belonging to Bri-tifh fubjefls, and navigated according to law, clearing out from the ports of his Majejiys European dominions, and furnijhed with a licence according to the form hereunto annexed.

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate, for a limited time, Preamble.

the trade between the ports of the United States ^America and his Majejlfs fubjefts in the ifland ^/" Newfoundland: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by arid with the advice and coftfent of the lords fpiritiial and temporal, and Com- RefW&ions mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho- on the impof* Titv of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this adt, into and during the continuance of thtf fame, no goods or commo- Newfound-Vol. XXXV.	B	dities	land.

Hosted by

Google

2

No bread, flour, or live ftock, to be imported into Newfoundland from the United States of America, except in licenfed Bri-tifh-built ilfips, Sec.

Time for granting licences limited.

Matter of vef-fel to deliver licence to cuftom-houfe officer at port of difeharge;

who (hall give a certificate thereof, See.

Anno vicefimo qqinto GeoRGII III. C. i. [1785.

dities whatfoever (hall be imported or brought into any port, harbour, or place, in the ifland of Newfoundland, or the adjacent iflands to his Majefty belonging, from any place or country belonging to the United States of America, upon any pretence whatfoever, except bread, flour, and live ftock, under the reftridions and regulations herein-after mentioned; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That, from and after the pafllng of this ad, and during the continuance of the fame, no bread, flour, or live ftock, (hall be brought or imported, from any place or country belonging to the faid United States of America, into any port, harbour, or place of the faid ifland of Newfoundland, or the adjacent iflands to his Majefty belonging, except in Britijh-built (hips, which (hall adually and bona fide belong to and be wholly owned by Britijh fubjeds, and navigated according to law, and which (hall, within the fpace df feven months previous to the time of fuch importation, have cleared out from fome port in Great Britain, or fome other part of his Majefty’s dominions in Europe, for which purpofe a licence (hall have been granted by the commiflioners of his MajeftyVcuftoms in England or Scotland, or the commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue in Ire~ land, or any other perfons who may be duly authorised' in that" kingdom, refpedively, in the manner and form herein-after mentioned 5 which licences (hall continue and be in force for feven calendar months from the day of the date upon which they are refpedively granted, and no longer.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That no fuch licence (hall be granted by virtue of this ad after the thirtieth day of June*, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.

IV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That the mafter or perfon having the charge or command of any (hip or veflel to whom fuch licence (hall be granted (hall, upon the arrival of the faid (hip or veflel at the port, harbour, or place in the ifland of Newfoundland, or the adjacent iflands tb his Majefty belonging, where he (hall difeharge fuch bread, flour, or live ftock, deliver up the faid licence to the colledor or other proper officer of the cuftoms there, having firft en-dorfed upon the back of fuch licence the marks, numbers, and contents of each package of bread and flour, and the description and tale of each fort and fpecies of live cattle, on forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and the colledor, or other proper officer of the cuftoms at Neivfoundland, is hereby enjoined and required to give a certificate to the mafter or perlon having the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, of his haying received the faid licence fo endorfed as before direded, and to tranfmit the fame to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England or Scotland, or to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue in Ireland, refpedively, by whom fuch licence was granted.

V.	And it is hereby further enaded byr the authority afore-

faid.

Hosted by Google

17 85**) Anrio ttedljfeti	Gsofusii III. e. i.	$

faid, That if any bread, flour, or live ftrick, {hail be imported Goods im-or brought from any place or country belonging to die faid ported continued States of America, into the faid ifland of Newfoundland, a^r'to be^or-or the adjacent iflands to his Majefty feeiongifigj without the feited. licence by this a6i directed; or if any other goods or commodities whatsoever (hall be imported or brought into the laid ifland of Newfoundland, or the adjacent iflands to his Majefty belonging, from any place or country belonging to the faid United States of America, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a6l, all fuch bread, flour, live (lock, and other goods* together with the (hip or veflel in which the fame (hall be fo imported or brought, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer of the cuftoms in the faid ifland,- and the fame, as well as the pecuniary penalty infli&ed by this adt, may be fued for, profecuted, and recovered* in any court of vice admiralty which Aiall have Jim fdi6tion within the faid ifland of Newfoundland * and, after deducting the charges of profecuting How to be the fame from the grofs produce thereof* the remainder (hall divided* be given, one third to his Majefty, his heirs and fueeefibrs, one other third to the governor of the faid ifland, and the other third to the officer or officers of the cuftoms who fliall feiae arid profecute for the fame.

VI.	Arid it is hereby further ena<51ed by the authority afore* faid. That this ad fliall continue in force from the commence- Continuance ttient thereof until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix*

, The Form of the Licence dife&ed by this A<5h

By the commiffioners for managing and caufing to be levied and collected his Majefty’s cuftoms* fubfidies, arid other duties, in	[whereJ.

WHEREAS	[name of the perfon], one

of his Mojeftfs fubjefts ref ding at [place where], hath given notice to us the commiffioners of his Ma~

Jeffs	[cuftoms	in	Great	Britain, or> revenue

in Ireland], that he intends to lade at	[fomC

port of the United States in America], and import into [fome part of Newfoundland]* in the [fliip’s name], being a BritUh-^/7/ fhip) [deferibing the tonnage, and what fort of veffel], navigated according to lawj whereof * [mailer’s name] is mafer, bound to [where] ; and it appearing by the regifter of the faid Jhip the [(hip’s name], whereof	[mafter’s

name] is tnaftet, that the faid fhip the	[(hip’s	name}

was built at	[place	where], and owned by

[owner’s , name], refiding at	[place	where], all

his Majeftfs Britifti fubjefiS) and that no foreigner, dire&ly or in-diretilf bath any Jbare> part, or interef therein;

B a.	, Vow

Hosted by Google

Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. C. 2. [1785.

Now be it known that the /aid	[performs name] hath

licence to lade on board the faid Jhip	((hip’s	name],

at and from any port or place belonging to the United States of America, breeds flour, and live flock, the produce of the faid United States, and no other article whatfoever, and to carry the faid bread, flour, and live flock, to fome port or place on the ifland of Newfoundland, or the adjacent iflands to his Majefly belonging; and on the arrival of the faid Jhip at any port, harbour, or place of difcharge in Newfoundland, or the adjacent iflands to his Majefly belonging, the mafler or perfon having the charge or command of the faid Jhip is Required and enjoined to deliver up the faid licence to the collector, or other proper officer of his Majefly’s cuftoms there, and to indorfe on tt>e back thereof, the marks, numbers, and contents of each package of bread or flour, and the defer iption and tale of each fort and fpecies of live flock, on penalty of one hundred pounds; and Jkall thereupon receive a certificate thereof from the jaid collector, or other proper officer of the cufloms.

This licence to continue in force for	calendar months	,

from the date hereof \

Signed by us the	at	the	this

day of	one thoufand feven hundred and

Licence to import bread, flour, and live flock, the produce of the United States of America, /^Newfoundland.

CAP. II.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder,' and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.

Malt aft of 1 Geo. 3. c. 3. feft, 1. further continued to June 24* 1786. Seft. 2. The following duties to be paid in Scotland for malt, mum, cyder, and perry. Malt to pay 3d. per bulhel: mum 10s. per barrel: cyder and perry made for fale, 4s. per hoglhead. Thefe duties to be raifed, &c* by virtue of all or any aft in force concerning the duties on malt, Scc. Seft. 3. 10,0001. to be raifed in Scotland. In cafe of deficiency, an additional duty to be laid on malt. Surplus to be applied to the fifheries. This aft to relate to the fame day and time as the aft 1 Geo. 3. did. Malt brought from Scotland by fea to be entered at the port of landing: brought by land, to be entered at Berwick or Carlifle. Malt not duly entered and duty paid to be forfeited. Cyder or perry for diddling not chargeable. Diftiller to give notice in writing to officer when he diftilh cyder or perry. 5I. penalty for negleft. Maltfteto, for every ao quarters of grain made into malt for exportation, to be allowed 30 quarters, according to an aft 1W. & M. c. ia. On certificate of malt being exported, and fecurity given, allowance to be paid. Penalty on relanding ^ Every fteeping of malt for exportation to be kept fepa-rate till meafured. Maltflers to give notice to officers. Sic, Penalty on clandeftinely opening the locks, &c. of any ftorehoufe 1001. Malt-fters, on June 24, 1785, to clear out of their ftorehoufes all malt for exportation within is months, on pain of forfeiting 501. All maltflers, after June 24* 1785, fhall clear their ftorehoufes every fifteen months, on penalty of 501. Claufes in an aft 1% Annas, ftat. 1. c. a. and 6 Geo. x.

c. ax*

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeorGII III. C. 3.

c. ar. recited. 5s. per bufhel penalty on all corn fteeping or fteeped for making malt, which fhall be found in the ciftern or couch fo hard and compact, as it could not be unlefs the fame had been forced together to prevent the riling, iool. penalty on fraudulently conveying from the ciftern, &c. any fteeping of corn, and mixing the fame with other corn charged with the duty in the couch; or fraudulently con* veying the fame away, fo that no gauge of fuch corn can be taken in the couch. How penalties are to be recovered. Buyers of cyder and perry for their private ufe not to be charged. Perfons felling lefs than 20 gallons to be deemed retailers. Perfons fued for any thing done in purfuance of this aCt, may plead the general iffue, and fhall have treble cofts. Claufes in an aCt 6 Geo. 3. c. 14, recited. Where the duty granted by this aCt on cyder or perry, in cuftody of a factor, fhall be certified to have been charged, the faCtor fhall be difcharged thereof, Claufe of loan at 4b ios. percent. Tallies of loan to be ftruck, &c. Orders to be regiftered and paid in eourfe. No fee for regiftering, &<^ Penalties for undue preference. It fhall not be deemed undue prefer ence where tallies are dated or brought the fame day: nor if fubfg-quent orders be paid before fqch as were npt demanded in eourfe. Orders affignable. Commifiioners of the treafury impowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one common fum, or different fums, in the principal monies. Bills to bear intereft at 4I. ios. per cent, per anq. Thefe bills to be numbered arithmetically. Treafury to direct the eourfe Qf payment for loans or exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, &c. The bills to be placed as cafh in the offices of the tellers of the receipt of exchequer; to be ifluable thereout in common with other monies, and to be. current in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. Penalty on refufal. Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer. Intereft to be allowed ti(l payment: except whilft the bills are in the hands of receivers, &c. Bills paid to receivers, &c. to be figned and dated. Bills may be re-iflued, both for principal and intereft. Receivers to keep books, iool. penalty on receiver qegleCting to keep books, fyc. Bills filled up by in-porfement, or defaced, to be exchanged. Bills not exceeding 5,0901. each, may be made forth at the exchequer. Forging exchequer bills, or indorfement thereon, felony. How the monies are \o be applied. Treafury bn Sept. 29, 1786, to take an account of all monies raifed and difcharged. IJnfatisfied monies to be paid out of the next aids, or out of the finking fund. Commifiioners to appoint perfons to pay off principal fums, which fhall from time to time be in eourfe of payment upon exchequer bills. Money, as brought in, to be paid to the paymafters. Bills to be regiftered in eourfe. When intereft’to ceafe. Paymaftera liable to the controul of the treafury. ^reafury to fettle falaries of clerks, &c. and to contract with perfons to circulate bills, &c. Contractors not disabled from being members of parliament, %c. Contractors may lower or raife the intereft, with confent of treafury. Contractors how to b$ paid. No fee to be taken by the officers of the exche.-. quer, &c. N.q fractions of a penny to be paid for intereft. Charges to be paid out of the finking fund, and to be replaced put of the firft fup-plies. Claufe of relief for bills loft or deftroyed.^ Bills difcharged to be cancelled. Sinking fund appropriated to difeharge national debts incurred before Dec. 25, 1716. Deficiency of the malt tax 23 Geo. 5. how to be fupplied. Arrears of former duties to be applied in aid of the fupplies granted, for the year iyg^.

C A P, III.

An aCt for the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while oji ft)orvx — Same as former years.

b3

CAP.

Hosted by

Googl

^	Anno	vicefiroo	quinto Georgh III. c. 4.	[*	7515.

t	...

C A P. IV.

An aft for granting an aid to bis Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for thefendce of the year onethoufand feven hundred an I eigbty-five. -*• Four (hillings in the pound.

VII.	And whereas doubts have arifen as to the qualification by law required of ike mnjler of his Mojeflfs houfehoid, the fir ft clerk of the houfehoid, the clerk of the kitchen, and feveral officers who, in virtue of their offices, have heretofore added, or may hereafter aft, as commiff oners for putting into execution Jo much of fever al adds of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majefiy by a land tax, as relates to the affejfment on the palaces of Whitehall and Saint James,

Qualification be it ena&ed, That no other qualification (hall be required of any required of fuch officers, who (hall act as commifiioners by virtue of their the ™oufe °* °®ces or place$> than the poffeffion of fuch refpe&ive offices e ou e* or places; and that no fuch officer fhall be fubjeft or liable to any penalty infli&ed by any fuch adts, for having heretofore afted without being pcffeffed of any other qualifications, which might have been required by any fuch adts refpediively, than fuch office or place.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That the matter of his Majefty's houfehoid for the time being, the firft and fecond clerks of his Majefty’s houfehoid for the time being, (hall be commiffioners for putting into execution fo much of this ad as relates to the affeffing, ordering, levying, and collecting of the money thereby limited and appointed to be raifed in and for the palaces of Whitehall and Saint fames.

LIV, Provided always, That the right honourable the matter of the Rolls, the matters in Chancery, fix clerks, clerks of the petty-bag, examiners, regifters, clerks of the inrolments, clerks of the affidavit and Subpoena offices, and all other the officers of the court of Chancery that execute their offices within the liberty of the Rolls, (hall there be afleffed for their refpedive offices, falaries, and other profits, and not elfewhere; and that all annuities, ftipends, and penfions, payable to any officers in re-fpedt of their offices, (hall be taxed add affeffed where fuch officers are rated and afleffed for their offices, and not elfewhere; Penfions tobe and that all other penfions, ttipends, and annuities, in England, Afie(Ted where ladles, and Berwick upon Tweed, not charged upon lands, (hall



Matter of the houfehoid, &c. tp be commiffion* ers.

Officers in chancery to be afleffed in the rolls 1U berty.

Annuities where to be rated.'

payable;

perfonal ef* tates, where perfons refident, &c,

Perfons not

be charged and afleffed in the pariflies or places where they are payable; and every perfon who is or (hall be rated, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for or in refpect of any perfonal eftate to him or her any ways belonging, (hall be rated at fuch place where he or (he (hall be refident at the time of the execution of this a<5t 5 and all perfonfc not being houfebolders, nor houfeholders, having a certain place cf refidence, fhall be taxed at the place denT.6 rC1" where they (hall be refident at the time of the execution of this Abfe'nt per- a# y and if any perfon, who ought to be taxed in England, ions to be rat- 'Woles, or Berwick upon Tweed, by virtue of this adl, for or in *d where they refpeitqf his perfonal eftate, ihall, gt the time of his affeffmenr,

be

Hosted by

Google

17^5-] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. C.5, 6.	7

be out of the realm, fuch per foil (hall be rated therefore in fuch were laft refi-county, city, or place, where he was laft abiding within this dent# realm.

C A P. V.

An aft for farther continuing, for a limited time, an aft made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, “ An aft for preventing certain inftruments from being required from (hips belonging to the United States of America; and to give to*his Ma-jeftv, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fubjefts of his Majefty’s dominions, and ther inhabitants of the faid United States*/' and for continuing, for a limited time, an aft made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, “An aft to extend the powera of an aft, made in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty, for giving his Majefty certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fubjefts of his Majefty’s dominions, and the inhabitants of the United States of America, to the trade and commerce of this kingdom with the Britilh colonies and plantations in America, with refpeft to certain articles therein mentioned.—

Continued till April 5,1786.

C A P. VI.

An aft for punifhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment n of the army and their quarters. — Number of forces 18,053, including 2,030 invalids.

VII.	And be it further enafted and declared, That in the Deferter may cafe of any foldier tried and convifted of defertion, whenfoever be adjudged rhe court-martial, which (hall pafs fentence upon fuch trial, to ferve inany (hall not think the offence deferving of capital punifhment, forhfc or for fuch court-martial may, inftead of awarding a corporal punifh- a term*of ment, adjudge the offender, if they (hail think fit, to ferve as a years; foldier in any of the corps fiationed in any of his Majefty’s dominions beyond the feas, or in foreign parts, for life, or for a certain term of years, according to the degree of the offence : and if fuch foldier (hall afterwards (without leave from his Ma- but returning jefty, or from the commanding officer of the corps in which without leave he lhall be appointed to ferve) return into this realm, or the ration of fuch kingdom of Ireland, before the expiration of the term limited term, he lhall by fuch fentence, and lhall be convicted thereof by a court- fuffer death, martial, he (hall fuffer death.

X. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted and declared, Proceedings That none of the proceedings, of any general or regimental of courts, or court-martial, nor any entry, or copy thereof, (hall be„charged co^es^here-or chargeable with any ftamp-duty whatfoever, any thing	liablg

contained in any former aft or afts to the contrary notwith- to ftamp-du-(landing.	ties*

LXVI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Soldiers, from the paffing of this aft, no foldier, being arrefted or con- while confin-fined for debt, in any prifon, gaol, or other place, (hall be in-reedve titled to any part of his pay from the day of fuch arreft or con- pay# r e finement, until the day of his return to the regiment, troop,, or company, to which he (hall belorig.

B 4	LXXVII.	And

Googl

8	Anno	vicefimo quinto GeoRGH IIL c. 6. [1785.

Where any LXXVII, And be it farther enaded, That when and as fe^Tfh^fbe^ °^ten as regiment or company (hall be relieved at any fta-relieved in or- or place beyond the feas, in order to their return to Great der to return Britain or Ireland, it (hall and may be lawful for any officer or home, fuch of officers, thereunto authorized by the commander in chief at fuch ftat'ron or place refpedively, to inlift as many of the foU may be^nlift- ^*ers belonging to fuch regiment or, company, returning to ed and in cor- Great Britain or Ireland, as (hall be willing, and who (hall ap-porated with pear to be fit for fervice, and to incorporate them in any regi-tbofeappoint- ment or company which (hall be appointed to remain; and h t0 re™ailhevery foldier fo inlifted (hall be, and is hereby deemed to be, of^u^tting11 difeharged from the regiment or company in which he before fpeh former feryed 5 and the occafion of his quitting fuch former corps fhall corps to be be recited in the inlifting certificate; a duplicate, or an attefted recited in the ^ppy whereof, (hall be delivered to fuch foldier, to proted him hfiWte^er*	being	any-ways molefted upon fufpicion of his having

deferred.

LXXVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-In what cafes faid. That this ad (hall be conftrued to extend to the iflands of ^tendt^Ter- 7erfe^9 Guernfey, Alderney, Sarkr and Man*, and the iflands ftyf Guern«r" th^retp belonging, as to the claufes therein for muftering and \py] See. paying, and to the provisions for the trial and punifhment of officers and foldiers who (hall be charged with mutiny or defer-tion, or any other qf the offences which are by this ad declared to be punifhable by the fentence of a general court-martial $ and alfo to the claufes which relate to the punifhment of per-fons who (hall conceal defprters, or (hall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwife receive, any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture, belonging tp the king, from any foldier or deferter, or who (hall caufe the colour of fuch clothes to be changed.

This ad not ^ LXXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this ad con-tl^mffitia*0 ta*nec* extend> or be any-ways conftrued to extend, to farther than is concern any °f the militia forces of this kingdom, or in Jerfey, direded by	Guernfey, Alderney, Sark9 or Man, or the iflands thereto belong-

the	ing, excepting only in fuch cafe wherein, by any ad for regu-

lating the militia forces in that part of Great Britain called England, the provifions contained in this ad, or in any a6t for punifhing mutiny and defertion, which (hall be then in force, are extended and meant tp take place in refped of the officers of the militia, and private militia men, within that part of exception. Great Britain aforefaid; and alfo except fo far as relates to the muftering of the militia forces of this kingdom, according to the provifions herein-after mentioned.

LXXX. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cafes, and particularly in fuch matters wherein any of his Majeflys marine forces may be interefled^ that officers of the marines fhall be affociaied with officers of the land forces^ for the purpofe of bolding courts-mar-A9 *>ften a9 ft iial; be it enaded and declared, That when and as often as it fary Officers ^ay neceffary> ft fhall and may be lawful for officers of the oJF the land land and marine forces to fit in conjundion upon courts-maraud xnarino tial, and to proceed in the trial of any officer or foldier of the

laud

Hosted by Google

1785*] Anno vieefimo quinto GeoRGII TIL c. 7*	9

land forces, in like manner, to all intepts and purpofes, as if forces may fit

fuch courts-martial were compofed of officers of the land forces

only j and the officers of the land and marine forces are, in mPartial°Ur S~

fuch cafes, to take-rank according to the fenioriiy of their com- taking rank

miffions in either fervice.	according to

LXXXI. And 1 for the better afcertaining the number of ejfec- ^f^e^com

five men of the regiments of militia, when embodied and in actual minions.

Jervice, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, from Militia and

and after the paftng of this aft, every regiment or corps of fencible men,,

militia and fencible men, when embodied and in actual fervice, when in ac-

(hall be regularly muttered by commitfaries appointed for that tual fervice,

purpofe, in the fame manner, and as often as the army is ufu- j° mu toed

ally muttered ; and the magiftrates (hall have the fame powers	.	*

and authorities, and both officers and men (hall be fubjeft: to

the fame regulations, reftri&ions, and penalties, as are impofed

pn thie officers and foldiers of the army by virtue of this aft.

LXXXII. And whereas the. lime of fervice in the militia is If

mited to three years, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the officer commanding each regiment or corps of militia, Names of mi-

or fencible men, (hall certify, on the back of the mutter-roll, hba men, &c.

the names of thofe men who are within fix months of the time ^famoxiths

of the expiration of their fervice, and alfo the number of men Qf the expira-

which have been inrolled fince the laft mutter, diftinguifiling tion of their

the ballotted men from the fubftitutes; and every man fo in- fervice, to be

rolled (hall be intitled to receive his pay from the time of his	ori

.	rj	the back of

mrollment.	mufter.

LXXXIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- roll, faid, That this aft (hall be and continue in force, within the Continuance realm of Great Britain, from the'twenty-fourth day of March, of this aft. in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, until the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix; and (hall, be-and continue in .force, in Jerfy, Guernfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the iflands thereto belonging, as to fuch parts thereof as relate to thofe places refpeftiveiy, from the thirtieth day of Apr if in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, until the firft day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix; and (hall be and continue in force, within the garrifon of Gibraltar, and in his Majefty’s other dominions beyond the feas, as to fuch parts thereof as relate to thofe places refpeftiveiy, from the twenty-fourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, until the twenty-fifth day of Marchy in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty Teven,

C A P. VII.

An aft for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts, within the town and port of Faverfham, the hundreds of Faverfham and Bough-ton, and the feveral parifhes qf Ofpringe, Seafalter, and Whitftable, jn the county of Kent,

A court

Hosted by Google

,IO

Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. c. 8—10. [1785.

A court inftituted, to be called. The Court of.Requefts in the Town and Port of IfaverHiam; to be held weekly, before three or more com* miflioners, to recover debts above 2s. and under 40s. (except for rent on leafe, or where title may come in queftion, or on real contract, or on will, or matrimonial contract, or other ecclefiaftical matter, or wagers, or won at play, or on penal ftatute, or bye law, or on promife made above fix years before fummons).

CAP. VIII.

An aft for defraying the charge of the militia fn that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day

of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.-Same as

former years.

CAP. IX.

An aft for paving, cleanfing, and lighting The High Street, and other places within the town of Huntingdon, and for removing and pre-

venting iiuifances and annoyances therein.-*-May rajfe 6001. by

mortgage of rates or on annuities.

CAP. X.

An aft for building a new gaol, a penitentiary houfe, and certain • new houfes of correction, for the county of Gloucefter, and for regulating the fame.

Preamble. \\7 H E R E A S theprefent gaol and houfes of correftion for the V V county of Gloucefter are very ill confirufted, and neither . fujficiently fpacious, nor in other refpefts well adapted for the reception of pr if oners: and whereas by an aft made in the nineteenth year 19 Geo. 3. of his prefent Majefy, (intituled, An aft to explain and amend c. 74-left. 5. the laws relating to the tranfportation or other punifhment of recited. certain offenders), his Majefiy is enabled to appoint fupervifors for building two penitentiary houfes 9 for confining and employing in hard labour fuch perfons convifted of tranfp or table crimes within England ,	or Wales, as are therein mentioned, with a limitation of the number

of convifts to be fent to the faid two penitentiary houfes from the re-Jfpeftive circuits and places within England and Wales, as therein divided and defcribed; and in the mean time, till certificate Jhall be made9 in manner therein mentioned, that fuch penitentiary houfes. are fitted and completed for the reception of offenders9 the court in which any fuch offenders as are therein-before defcribed Jhall be cony ifled, or any other court for the fame place, with like authority, is enabled to . order fuch offenders to be kept to hard labour in the refpeftive houfes of correftion, or other proper places, within each county, which, during the faid time, are to be deemed penitentiary houfes in manner therein mentioned; and the jufices of the peace for every county, at their feveral quarter feffions to be holden next after the feaf of Saint Thomas the Martyr, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, or at any adjournment of the fame feffions, are thereby required to give dire ft ions for the temporary reception, fafe atJUdy, employment, and due regulation of fuch offenders, the expences of which, being previoufiy examined and allowed by the jufices atlheir e	quarter

Google

1785 ] Anno vicefitno quinto GeoRQII III. C. 10.	II

quarter fejJioMs, are dirc fte4 to be paid by the treafurer of each county t and whereas two penitentiary houfes for England and Wales have not been erefted in purfuance of the faid recited aft, nor hath any houfe of correction been fitted and prepared as a temporary penitentiary houfe for the county <?/Gloueefter: and whereas it may be of great publick utility, that a houfe of correction to be ufed as a penitentiary houfe Jhould be built for the particular purpofe of confining fuch tranfportable and other convifts within the fame county, as well in refpeft to the uncertainty tvhen the two general penitentiary houfes for England and Wales may be built, as in refpeft of the fmall proportion of offenders which will be receivable therein from the circuit io which the county of Gloucefter belongs; and it is abfolutely necef-fary that a new county gaol9 and fevsral houfes of correction, jhould be builty for the ufe of the faid county: may it therefore pleafe your Majefly that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled,and by. the authority of the fame,

That all perfons who are now, or (hall hereafter for the time Commiilion-being be acting juftices of the peace for the county of Gloucefter 9 er8* fhall be, and they are hereby conftituted commiflioners for building a new gaol and a penitentiary houfe, and certain new houfes of corredion, for the county of Gloucefler, and for executing fuch of the powers of this act as are herein-after entrufted to them the faid commiflioners.

II. Andy in order to continue a fufficient number cf afting commif f toners for executing the powers of this aft9 be it further enacted.

That if any perfon, hereby conftituted a commiflioner, fna 11 For electing neglect to act as fuch for one year after the pafling of this act, gQ^erS°mmi^ or after his becoming an acting juftice of the peace for the1 county of Glou'cefery or if, by writing under his hand, to be delivered to the chairman of any meeting of the laid commif-iioners, he (hall fignify his intention not to act as a commif-fioner, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the right of being a commiflioner, hereby given to acting juftices of the peace for the faid county, and (hall be incapacitated from acting as a commiflioner, unlefs he (hall be afterwards elected a commiflioner tinder the power of election herein given; and if any perfon, having begun to act as a commiflioner, fhall, in manner afore-faid, fignify his intention no longer to act as fuch, or (hall not be prefent at any meeting, and fign his name in the book of proceedings as a commiflioners, for two years fucceflively (which laft-mentioned omifllon fhall in all cafes be confidered as a neglecting to a& as fuch), in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful tor the remaining commiflioners, or the greater number aflembled at any meeting, at which not lefs than feven (hail be prefent, to elect one other perfon, who (if not an acting juftice of the peace for the faid county) (hall be otherwife qualified as herein-after mentioned, in the room of each commiflioner fo declining or neglecting to act; but notice of the intention to proceed to fuch election fhall be publifhed in fome publick

newfpaper

Hosted by Google

Qualification of com mi f-iionenj.

Penalty on acting, if not qualified.

Com miffi oners meetings.

Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRgii III. c. io. [ 1785.

newfpaper circulating in the county of Gloucejier, at leaft eight days before the meeting for fuch purppfe.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no perfon, except fuch as (hall be commiffioners by virtue of their office as acting juft ices of the peace, (hall be qualified to a6t as a commiffioner under this adf, who (hall not have, in law or equity, to and for his own ufe and benefit, in poffeffion, a freehold, copyhold, or cuftomary eftate, for life, or for forne greater eftate, or an eftate for fome term of years, determinable upon one or more life or lives, or for a term certain, originally created for twenty-one years or more, in lands, tenements, of hereditaments, lying or being in the county of Gloucejier^ of the clear yearly value of twp hundred and fifty pounds', over and above what will fatisfy or difeharge all incumbrances affe&ing the fame, and over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in refpedl of the fame* or who (hall not be feifed of or entitled unto, in law or equity, to and for his own ufe and benefit, the immediate reverfior\ or remainder of and in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying and being as aforefaid, which are leafed upon conventionary rents for one pr more life or lives, or for fome term of years determinable upon the death of one or more perfon or perfons, and which are of the clear yearly value of four hundred pounds; and no perfon (hall be capable of a&ing as a commiffioner under this adi in any cafe in which he (hall be interefted, or in any manner, whilft he (hall under this a<5t hold ar.y office, except that of a commiffioner, or whilft in his private capacity he (hall be concerned in any contra# agreement relative to the execution of this adl, except lending money or buying annuities on the credit and for the purpofes thereof.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That if any perfon (hall acSt as a commiffioner under this adl, not having the requifite qualification of eftate or office, or being otherwise hereby difquali-fied from acting, he (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit one hundred pounds to the treafurer of the faid commiffioners for the time being, to be applied for the purpofes of this adt, and to be recovered, with full cofts of fuit, by adlion of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVefimiuJler; and ip every adlion for recovery of fuch penalty, the proof of qualifica,-* tion to adt as a commiffioner (hall lie on the perfon againft whom the fame is brought.

V.	And be it further enadled, That the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, (hall meet for executing this adl, for the firft time, at the grand Jury room at Gloucejier, oh the fifth day of Aprils one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-five, or as foon after as conveniently may be, of which firft meeting at leaft eight days previous notice (hall be given, by atjvertife-ment in fome publick newfpaper circulating as aforefaid, figned by two adfing juftices of the peace for the (aid county of Glou-cjler; and the faid commiffioners (hall then, and at every fub-fequent meeting, adjourn themfelves from time to time, and

Hosted by

Google

1785-] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10.	13

place tot place, as they, or any five or more of them* prefent at any fuch meeting, (hall think convenient, but no fuch adjournment (hall be made for a longer time than feven calendar months; and if five commiffioners (hall not attend at the time and place appointed for any fuch meeting, then the cotnmif-fioners or commiffioner prefent may make fuch adjournment; or if no fuch commiffioner (hall be prefent, or if at any meeting it (hall be neglefted to make an adjournment, then any three or more commiffioners may revive and continue the meetings of the faid commiffioners, by calling one for that purpofe, and caufing notice to be given of it in fome publick newfpaper circulating as aforefaid, at lead eight days before the day of meeting ; and every fuch meeting, i'o to be called for the purpofe of reviving and continuing the faid meetings, (hall be adjourned in the like manner; and all fuch adjournments, and the revivals and continuations of the faid. meetings, (hall be entered by the clerk to the faid commiffioners in a book hereinafter directed to be kept; and the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, (hall have authority, as often as they (hall, think fit, to call an extraordinary meeting, by a previous notice of at lead eight days, to be advertifed in fuch newfpaper	-	...

as aforefaid, fpecifying the time, place, and purpofe of fuch meeting ; and the faid commiffioners (hall at all their meetings pay their own expences; and all orders of the commiffioners in executing the powers of this aft (hall be made at meetings to be he d as is before directed; and at every fuch meeting one of the commiffioners prefent (hall be appointed chairman ; and all qneftions and matters (hall be determined by a majority of votes of the commiffioners prefent, and the chairman (hall not only have a (ingle vote, but, in cafe of equality of votes, (hall have the decifive or cading vote; and all fuch commiffioners as are Commiffion-acting judices of the peace may aft as fuch in matters arifing ers being juf-on this aft, notwithflanding their being commiffioners, except	^

only in cafes in which they (hall be personally intereded; and procee^ino.s all orders and proceedings at every meeting (hall be entered in t0 ente^€c[ a book, to be kept for that purpofe by the clerk to the. faid in books, commiffioners, and (hall be figned by thechairmanof the meeting; and fuch entries (hall be deemed original orders and proceedings, and may be read in evidence in all courts whatfoever; and all fuch books of proceedings fhali be lodged v\ ith the clerk to the faid commiffioners for the time being, and (hall and may. be perilled and infpefted, at all feafonab.le times, by any perfon aflefled to the poor’s rate within the county of Gkucejier^ on payment to fuch clerk of one (hilling for each time of inlpeftion, and one (hilling more for every hour during which fuch infpec-tion (hall continue after the fir# hour; and when the comm if- Difpofel of , fion appointed by this aft (hall ceafe, in confjquence of the final fuch books, execution of all the powers hereby intruded to the faid commiffioners, fuch books of proceedings (hall be depofited with the clerk of the peace for the faid county of GlouceJlerr and be

Hosted by Google

n

Sub-commit-

tees.

Commiffioners mav appoint officers,

and allow them falaries.

Attno vicefimo quinto Ge$r6II III. fc. td. [17$$*

Ky hitft kept and pfeferved am'bhgft the records of the feffions, of the pea6e for thg faid county,.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, may, if they think fit, nominate and appoint one or more fub-committee or fub-committees, and every fab-committee fo appointed (hall Fuperintend, regulate, and controul fuch artificers, officers, and workmen, as (hall be employed by the faid commiffioners, and (hall fee to the due performance of fuch contra&s and agreements as may be entered into for the purpofe of carrying this acft into execution ; and all orders and inftru<Stions figned by the majority of any fuch fub-committee, provided they do not exceed the limits of the orders of the commiffioners at large, (hall be binding on fuch artificers, officers, and workmen.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid commiffioners (hall and may appoint a treafurer, a clerk, a furveyor or fur-veyors, and fuch other officers, for executing the powers of this ad, and take fuch fecurity from them, as they the faid commiffioners (hall think, neceffary, and (hall, at their pleafure, remove any fuch officer or officers, and appoint others in the room of fuch as (hall die or be fo removed, and out of the monies arifing by this ad pay fuch falaries and allowances as they (hall think proper to their officers, and all others employed Under their authority; and all fuch clerks, treafurers, farveyors, and all other officers, who may at anytime refign or be removed, and the refpedive executors and adminiftrators of any, who may die, (hall, within three calendar months after notice given in writing, produce and deliver up to fuch commiffioners, or any one or more of them, all books, accounts, papers, or writings whatfoever, relative to the execution of fuciiTefpedive offices, which (hall be in their cuftody or power ; and every fuch officer or perfoti as aforefaid, negleding or refufing to deliver up fuch books, accounts, papers, or writings, (hall, for every fuch negled, forfeit any fum hot exceeding twenty pounds; and if any furveyor, appointed as hereby direded, (hall have any part, (hare, or irttereft, diredly or indiredly, in any contrad or bargain for work or materials to be made, done, or provided, on account of any works under his infpedion and management, or (hall on his own account let to hire any team, or fell or difpofe of any timber, (lone, or other materials, to be ufed or employed in performing or carrying on any fuch works, he (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds to the treafurer to the faid commiffioners for the time being, to be recovered and applied in the manner and for the purpofes aforefaid: provided always. That no treafurer (hall at any time be appointed or removed, unlefs feven commiffioners at. the leaft be preferit, nor (hall any clerk, furveyor, or other officer, be fo appointed or removed, unlefs five commiffioners at the leaft be prefent at the time of fuch appointment or removal} but publick notice, of eight days at the leaft, (hail be given, in fome newfpaper

-	circu-

Hosted by Google

1785. J Anno vicefimo qnittto Georgia Kf. <J. 10;

circulating as aforefaid, of the intention to proceed to the appointment of any treafurer or clerk; and no order of the faid commiffioners, for the removal of any* fuch treafurer or clerk,

(hall have any effect, until it (hall have been confirmed at a fubfequent meeting of a like number of feven* or five at lead, of the faid commiffioners, as: the cafe may require, of which fubfequent meeting a like.publick notice, of eight days at the leaft, (hall be given as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid commiffioners Commifflon-may fue or be; fued in the name of their clerk, and that no era may fue adtion that may be brought or commenced by or againft the ?nd be fued faid commiffioners,. or any^of them, by virtue of this a61, ^ o°f their clerk, the name of their clerk, (hall abate or be difcontinued by the death or removal of fuch; clerk, or by the adt of fuch clerk, without the confent of the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them ; but the clerk to the faid commiffioners for the time being (hall always beideemed plaintiff or defendant in fuch adtion, as the cafe (hall be.

, IX.. And be it further enabled, That the faid commiffioners, For fixing on or any feven or more of them, (hall, with all convenient fpeed, ground for after the paffing of this a61, fix upon fuch piece or pieces of houfes of ground, within the, city and county of Qloucejier, or one ofCOrredHon. them, for building thereon a new gaol, a penitentiary houfe, and a new houfe of corredtion, and alfo fuch pieces of ground, within the county of Gloucefter+ for building thereon four other new houfes of correction, as (hall appear mod commodioufly fituate; and in fo fixing (half more particularly have regard to the airinefs,. drynefs, and healthinefs of the fituation, the accommodation of water, the avoiding all ill fmells, and being over-looked,, and for that purpofe to the keeping at a proper diftance from the centre of any populous town;, and yet being near enough: to fome town for the purpofe of accommodation and fecurity, and alfo to the placing fuch new gaol and penitentiary houfe, and one of the'faid five houfes of correction, as* near to the county hall in the city of Gloucefter as may be, confidently with the aforefaid directions, and to having the faid four other houfes of correction fo diftributed throughout the county of Gloucefter, as (hall appear to them mod likely to cor-refpond with the general convenience of the faid county.

' X. And, in order to prevent any precipitancy in fixing upon fuch pieces of ground for the faid gaol, penitentiary koufe, and houfes of corrections be it further enacted, That no order of the faid com- Such fixing mifiioners in that inftance (hall have any force till it (hall have-not valid till been confirmed; by the commiffioners, or any feven or more of fu^ure^meet-them, prelent at a fecond meeting, to be holden at lead four-teen days from the day of making fuch order, of which fecond meeting, and the purpofe thereof, eight days notice at lead (hail be given by the clerk of the faid commiffioners, by advertife-ment in fuch newfpaper as aforefaid : provided always, That Refervmg the nothing herein contained fhallany-ways affect or prejudice the ^h^of the

rights Tewkfbury.

Hosted by Google

Anno vjcefimoquitifo G^ojigii III.	[1785,

rights and privileges of the bailiffs,. burgefles, and commorrahy of the borough of fewfflury9 mthia the faid county.

Comroiflion- XI, Ahd be it farther ena#ed,, That when and as foon as ers to pur- fuch pieces of ground for fuch new' gaol, penitentiary houfe* an(* new ^ou^e? eorreftion, (hall be fo fixed upon, the faid pr 6 - commiffioners, or any five or more of them* are Hereby authorized to contra# for the abfolute purchafe in fee Ample of the faid pieces of ground refpb#ively, together with any houfes or buildings thereon, or that (hall be (landing within fifteen yards of the intended boundary wall, for the purpofe of ere#ing the faid new gaol, penitentiary houfe, and new houfes of correction, and for obtaining a clear fpaee of ground furrounding the fame, in manner, and for the purpofes herein-after directed; and the pieces of ground, and houfes or buildings, fo to be purchafed, (hall be conveyed to the'cuftos rotulorum of the faid county of Gloucejier for the time being, and his fucceffors, fuch cuftos rotulorum being hereby conftituted a corporation foie* in order for him and his fucceflbrs to hold the faid pieces of ground, and the intended hew erections and buildings thereon, in perpetual fucceffion, for the purpofes of this a# $ and any fuch lands, houfes* or buildings, as may be fituate within the city of Gloucejier, which (hall be fo purchafed and conveyed as aforefaid, and which (hall be enclofed within the boundary,wall of fuch new gaol, penitentiary houfe, and houfe of correction adjoining thereto, (hall be deemed and taken to be part of the county of Gloucejier*

All perfons XII, And be it further enacted, 'f'hat it (hall be lawful for enabled to fell the King’s mod excellent majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and and convey. for ajj bodies corporate, and all feoffees in truft, executors, ad-miniftrators, hulbands, guardians, committees, or other truftees whatfoever, for and on the behalf of themfelves, their heirs and fucceffors, infants, iffue unborn, lunaticks, ideots* femes covert, and ceftuique trufts, and for all other perfons whomfo-ever, who are or (hall be feifed or poffeffed of or interefted in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which (hall be fixed upon as aforefaid, to contra# and agree with the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, for the fale thereof, or for their intereft therein, and to convey the fame unto the cuftos rotulorum of the faid county of Gloucejier for the time being* and his fucceffors, as is herein-before dire#ed j and fuch con-tra#s, agreements, and fales, (hall be valid to all intents and purpofes, any law, ftatute, fettleraent, or other matter or thing whatfoever, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftand-ing, and all fuch perfons are hereby indemnified for making the fame.	♦

If parties do XIIL And be it further ena#ed. That if any fuch bodies not agree, the corporate, truftee or truftees, or other perfon or perfons in-bufinefs refer- terefted in any fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or red q ajury. here()jtaments^ Upon a notice of fourteen days from the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, given or left in :	writing

Hosted by Google

■ . •.	..	•	... v=

*785;] A nrio vlcefiffld ifolntd GeoRgi! III. c. 16.	if

writing at the dwellrrig hoiufe of the chief officer belonging to / any fuch body corporate, or of any fuch perfon or perfons as dforefaid, or at the hoiife of the tenaur in poffeflioq, (hall not agree with the faid comnaiffioners, or any five or more of them* for the fale of any fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or for their intereft therein, or if, by reafori of abfence or incapacity, they ftiall be prevented from treating for fuch fale, then, and iri every fuch cafe, the juftices of the peace for the county of Gloucefter, at their general or quarter feflions, or at any adjournment of the fame, may and .fhall, and they are hereby impowered and required, to caufe the fame to be inquired into and fettled hy a jury, in the fame manner, and under the fame powers, regulations, reftri&ions, penalties, and determinations, as in and by an of the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, (intituled, An ad to explain 24 Ged. and amend an ad, made in the eleventh dnd twelfth years of the reign c* 54* of King William the Third, intituled. An a6t to enable juftices of the peace to build and repair gaols in their refpecftive cdun-^ ties; and for other purpofes therein mentioned)', are prefcribed, given, and directed, for afcertaining the value of houfeSj buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or privileges* which fhould be deemed neceffary for the purpofes of building or enlarging any gaol, and other the purpofes of that ach

XI V, And whereas Gloucefter cafle is the prefent gaol for the The fee-fini-county of Gloucefter, and the f'cite thereof, and part of the land he- pl^of the longing thereto, may be deemed an eligible fituation for the faid new fent^aol isTit gaol, and alfo for fuch penitentiary houfe, and one of fuch new houfei ^is Majefty. of correction as aforefaid: and whereas his Mrjefy, in right of his crown, is feifed of the fee-fimple and inheritance of the faid cajile, and the lands thereunto belonging; and Benjamin Hyett efquire, by Benjamin virtue of a grant of the office of conflable of the cafAe of Gloucefter, Hyett efquire* (made by his prefent Majefty to Nicholas Hyett, for three lives), the office hath, in right of his office, poffejfion of the faid caflle, and lands 0f GOnftable, thereunto belonging, except the pGrt lying'within the high wall iti- and pofieffioh clofing the court yard belonging to the faid caflle., which faid part is, °fthe caftie by a covenant in the grant, directed to be de?nifed by leafe, to be re- ce^the^rT newedfrom time to time, for certain conf derations, to certain trujtees, no^ nfecl for in trujl for the faid county; and which part has been, for a long time a gaol. pajl, and is now ufed for the couniy gaol: be it therefore enatfted,

That, on application of the faid commiflioners, or any five or His Majefty more of them, to his Majefty, or his heirs and fuccefiors, for grant , a grant of the fee-fimple of fuch part of the caftle, and fo much his of the lands and buildings belonging thereto, as may be thought neceffary for the purpofes of building the faid gaol, penitentiary fioufe, and one of the faid houfes of corre&ion, with the courts and airing grounds fuitable thereto, it (hall be lawful for his faid Majefty, his heirs and fuccellors, to make a grant accordingly to the cuftos rotulorum of the faid county for the time being, and his fucceffors, as a corporation in perpetual fuccef'-fion, in truft for the purpofes of this adf; and after fuch grant Mr. Hyett’s fhall be made, the eftate and intereft of and in the faid part df intereft to be Vox. XXXV,	-	C	the	purchafedh

.	;	Hosted by Google

i8	Anno	vicefimo	quinto	Georgii	III. c. io. [178^

the faid caftle, and lands and buildings, as aforefaid, now in the faid Benjamin Hyett, in right of his faid office, fhall be pur-chafed by the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, under the powers herein-before given to them; and fuch eftate or intereft, as is fo fubfifting in the aforefaid truftees for the ufe of the faid county, (hall, from the time of completing fuch purchafe from the faid Benjamin Hyett, abfolutely ceafe and determine.

How land to XV. And be it further enadted, That in all future rates, be purchafed taxes, and levies, to be made for any parifh or place in the ftiall be taxed COunty of Gloy.ee/ier, within which any land or ground to be in uture. purchafed for the purpofes of this adt (hall be fituate, fuch land or ground, with any building to be.eredted thereon, (hall not be afleffed to any fuch rates, taxes, and levies, at an higher value or more improved rent than the fame land or ground was v at the time of fuch purchafe ; nor fhall any building or buildings, which under this adt (hall be eredted on fuch land, be afleffed to any houfe or window tax ; any act or adts of parlia- 1 ment to the contrary notwithftanding.

Power to get XVI. And be it further enadted. That the faid commiflion-materials for ers, or any five or more of them, (hall and may, and they are building. hereby authorifed to impower their agents or workmen to dig, take, and carry away, any foil, clay, fand, gravel, or (tone, and to manufacture the fame for the purpofe of building, carrying on, finifhing, and completing, all or any of the gaols, Jioufes of correction, or other buildings, hereby diredted to be built, out of, upon, or from any common or wafte land, river, or brook, without paying any thing for the fame, they caufing all pits or quarries made by fuch digging and taking to be filled up, or railed and fenced, fo as not to be dangerous to paflen-gers or cattle; or, where there is not fufficient of fuch materials toJ?e procured from any common or wafte land, river, or brook, contiguous to any building carrying on under this adt, the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, are in like manner impowered to authorife their agents and workmen to fearch for, dig, take, manufacture, and carry away, any fuch materials as aforefaid, in, upon, or out of, from, and over the lands of any perfon or perfons (not being ground built on, or a yard, garden, or park, or land improved as pleafure ground, previous to the time of paffing this adt), paying or tendering iatisfadtion for the fame, as herein-after directed; and if any perfon whofoever, not hereby authorifed, (hall take away any materials fo dug or got in any lands, wafte grounds, or rivers, or (hall dig or take away any materials out of any pit or quarry made or opened for the above purpofe, before the faid agents or workmen (hall have difeontinued working therein for the fpice of twenty-one days (except the owner or occupier of any private ground, or perfons authorifed by fuch owner or occupier, to get materials therein for his own private ufe only, and not for fale), every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of forty (hillings.

y	XVII.	Andy

Hosted by Google

1785-1 Anno vicefimo quinto GEoRGli-tli. C. 10.	.	j*

XVII.	And, inafmuch as it is ejjential to the health'tnefs and venience of the faid intended prifons? that they Jbould be conflantly and uninterruptedly fupplied with a current of frejh water? be it therefore further enabled. That it (ball and maybe lawful to For obtaining and for the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them*,

their agents and workmen, without any hindrance or interruption, to enter upon any lands adjoining or contiguous to any fiich intended gaol* penitentiary"houfe, or houfe of correction, and there to fearch for any fpring or (iream of water, and to make any cut, channel, drain, or watercourfe, and dig, fix, ot build any refervoir or other works, as may appear neceflary for conducting any fuch fpring or current of water into, and effectually draining or difcharging the fame out of, any fuch. nevv gaol, penitentiary houfe, or houfe of correction; and alfo to and for all other agents and workmen, being hereafter duly authorifed to repair the faid gaol, penitentiary houfe, or houfes of correction, in like manner, from time to time, and as often as there fhall be occafion, to enter into and upon any fuch lands or grounds, for the purpofe of cleanfing, fcouring, repairing, or amending fuch cur, channel, drain, watercourfe, refervoir* or other works ; and all and lingular the cuts, channels, drains, vvatercourfes, refervoirs, or other works, fo to be made, (hall be veiled in the cuftos rotulorum of the county of Qloucejler for the time being, and his fuccefiors, as a corporation foie, in truft for the purpofes of this aCt, and fhnll be part of the faid county of Gloucefer: provided always, That no houfe ufed for habitation (hall be deprived of the ufe of any fpring or current of water from which it has ufuallv been fupplied, nor (half any field, .having a watering place, be deprived thereof; and any perfon who (hall wilfully clofe up, divert, or injure any fuch cut, channel, drain, watercourfe, refervoir, or other works* or difturb the water conveyed therein, (hall forfeit a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings.

XVIII.	And be itfurther enaCted, That in refped of all da- ftecoitipeiicc mages that may accrue to any owners or occupiers of lands ,or f°r damage grounds, by getting materials as aforefaid, or by carrying water

on or over any fqch lands, or by digging or making any water- 5 ‘ ® cotirfe, refervoir, drain, or other works, for conducting water as aforefaid, and alfo in refped of all and every other damage or damages arifing.by reafon or means of the execution of any of the powers herein contained, and which is or are not herein . fpeciaily provided for, the faid commiflioners,, or any five or more of them.* (hall caufe a reafonable fatisfaClion foY the fame to b,e made, from time to time, within three calendar months after, fuch damage or damages (hall happen, on application being made, by the refpeClive land-owners, or other perfons aggrieved, for that purpofe; and in cafe the faid commiflioners, or thejr agents, and the faid land-owners, , or. other perfons aggrieved, cannot agree upon fuch fatisfaClion, or the faid land-qyyners, or other perfons aggrieved, (hall refute to treat* or by

C 2	reafon

Hosted by Google

io	Anno	vicefimo	quinto	Ceorgii III. c. io. [1785.

< reafbn of abfence (hall be prevented from treating, or through difebility, nonage, coverture, or other impediment, cannot treat for (hemfelves, or make fuch agreement as (hall become rieceffary, then the faid fatisfa&ion (hall' be determined by the juftices of the peace for the county of Gloucejler y at their general or quarter feffions, on eight days notice of fuch appeal or application being given, by the party appealing, to the clerk to the faid commiffioners; and the juftices as aforefaid are hereby au-> thorifed to hear and examine witneffes on oath or affirmation, and to Order the fatisfa&ion fo determined to be paid to the party or parties aggrieved, by the treafurer to the faid commif-fioners, and fuch determination of the juftices (hall be final and conclusive to all parties ; and in cafe fuch treafurer (ball negledl, for twenty-one days next after fuch order, to pay the fatisfac-tion fo determined, the party or parties aggrieved (hall and may recover the amount thereof, by adtion of debt, again ft the faid treafurer for the time being, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminjler.

Foot ways on XIX. And be it ena<5led, That a fpace of five feet on the out-the outfide of fide of the boundary wall of every prifon to be built under this wans^3^	(hall be confidered as a publick foot way for ever; and all

roads and ways leading to or furrounding the faid gaol, penitentiary houfe, and houfes of corre&ion, (hall be confidered as publick highways, and (hall from time to time be repaired as fuch.

XX.	And^ for the more effectually fecuring a free circulation of pure and wholefome air, and thereby preventing the gaol fever, and For fecuring other malignant difeafes, be it further enadted, That, from and a free circula- after the time that any ground (hall be determined on and fet lion o air. out for any gao]^ penitentiary houfe, or houfes of corredlion, hereby directed to be built, no perfon (hall eredt any houfe or building, pur, or pile, or fet up any pole, timber, earth, dung, hay, draw, wood, rubbilh, or other thing (otherwife than for a fence, which (hall not exceed five feet in height), or keep any fwine, nearer to the boundary wall of fuch gaol, penitentiary houfe, or houfe of corredtion, than fifteen yards; and every perfon offending in any fuch cafe, and continuing fuch offence for the fpace of ten days after notice to di (continue the fame, or to remove the caufe thereof, jhall forfeit 'a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings ; and the caufe of fuch offence (hall be removed by the order of any two juftices of the peace for the county of Gloucejler, and the often-fender (hall forfeit and pay, over and above the faid penalty hereby diredled, the charges and expences of fuch removal; and if any tree (hall at any time be growing, (landing, or extending within fuch diftance, the fame (hall be cut down by the occupier or occupiers of the land whereon The fame (hall be, on notice given to him or them by the clerk of the peace, for the county of Gloucejler; and in cafe fuch tree (hall not be cut down within ten days after fuch notice, the juftices of the peace

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno viccfimo quinto GeoRGII III. c. icu	21

for the faid county, at their general or quarter feflions, may order fuch tree to be cut down and fold, for the purpofes of this act.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That the faid commifllon- For building ers, or any five or more of them, fhall and may, and they are a n^w Saoh hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, after purchafing hou'fc "and^ fuch pieces of land, and houfes or buildings as aforefaid, to ather’honfes caufe to be built and erected, on one of the faid pieces of land, of correction* a new gaol, with a penitentiary houfe, for the reception of fuch

convicts and offenders as are herein-after defcribed, and alfo one of the faid new houfes of correction, fo that the fame new gaol, penitentiary houfe, and houfe of correction, may be con* tiguous to each other, and be furrounded by an outfide wall detached therefrom ; and on the remaining pieces of land fo purchafed as aforefaid, four other new houfes of correction $ and alfo to caufe the faid new gaol, penitentiary houfe, and houfes of correction, to be fitted up and furnifiled in a complete and effectual manner for the reception of prifoners, as to. them the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, (hall feern beft adapted to anfwer the purpofes of this act, according to the feveral ufes for which the fame are hereby refpectively appointed ; for doing of all which (fubject to the directions hereinafter particularly given) the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorifed to make fuch contracts, and to employ fuch artificers, workmen, labourers, and others, and	^

to do all fuch other things as fhall in their difcretion appear requifite in the premifes, and particularly to pull down the houfes or buildings fo purchafed as aforefaid, and fell or difpofe of the materials thereof, as fhall be moft advantageous for the purpofes of this ad.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That in fettling and ad- For regulat-jufting the plan for the buildingTuch new gaol, and the yards, jng the plan .courts, and outlets thereof, the commillioners are hereby re- and adjufling

quired to have particular regard to the following provifions; the feveral 6 (that is to fay). That the wards and apartments of the faid wards in the gaol be fo conftructed as to allow of a reparation, both by night nev^ and day, of male from female prifoners, and of debtors and perfons in cuftodv for want of fureties, or on exchequer procefs, or for fines, -contempts, or pecuniary penalties, where there? can be no corporal punifhment, from perfons in cuftody fqr felonies or other crimes; that there be a convenient number of feparate and diftinCt night cells for felons; and apartments adapted to folitude, and a greater degree of conftraint, for the temporary reception of refractory prifoners; and a feparate place of confinement for fuch prifoners as are intended to be examined as witnefies on behalf of any profecution of any indictment for felony; and alfo a plain and decent room as a chapel for divipe fervjce.; $nd two or more apartments as an infirmary for fick prifoners, in conformity to the ftatute of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft for prejerving the *4 Geo. health? of prifoners in gaol2 and preventing the gaol difiemper); to- c.

C 3	gether

^jC *gle

n

corifi ruling the houfes of correction.

aa Geo. 3. c. 64.

34 Geo. 3.

Afino vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. io. [1785.

getber with fuch baths as are required by the faid ad ;/that; there be alfo provided convenient apartments or places for the ufe of fuch prifoners as (hall be directed, or may be willing to work for their maintenance whilft in cuftody; and further, that N fufficient offices and apartments be fet apart for the occupation ’ of the gaoler, his family, and affiftants; and proper and diftincl airing grounds for the ufe of each clafs of prifoners: and, in order as far as may be to prevent the introdudion of infedious difeafe, that there be provided a lazarette, or ward with feparate cells, for the, immediate reception of prifoners on their commitment, previoufly to examination by the furgeon or apothecary; and in or near fuch ward provifion (hall be made for wafliing fuch prifoners, and for purifying their cloaths.

Dire&iors for XXIII. And be it further enaded, That in the conftrudion of the faid five new houfes of correction, the faid commiffioners (hall obferve the feveral diredions prefcribed, as well by an ad of the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; (intituled. An aCt for the amending and rendering more effectual the law 1 in- being relative to ho ufe s of correction), as by an ad of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his faid Majefty, to explain and amend the faid ad of the twenty-fecond year of his feign, in refped to fuch houfes of correction as (hall be built under the fame ads; and, as an addition to the apartments pnd places thereby required, provifion (hall be made, as far as conveniently may be, for feparately lodging and keeping each individual priforier; apartments of a greater degree of reftraint (hall alfo be provided for the punifhment of the refradory, who, under the faid two laft- mentioned ads, may be ordered to clofer confinement; a room (hall be fet apart as a chapel for the per-fprmance of divine fervice; proper places for the reception of the fick; a bath, and a clofe room for purifying infeded cloaths; and in the arranging the apartments for the governor, there (hall be provided a room convenient for the meeting of the vifit-ing juftices, or of fuch other juftices of the peace as may be inclined to hold any petty' feffions therein.

Directions for XXIV. And be it further enaded, That in the coqftrudion conftru&ing pf tfle fajd new penitentiary houfe, the following diredions (lialj be particularly attended to by the faid commiffioners; (that is to fay),Mt (hall be formed into two general divifions, one for the confinement of male, the other of female convids, and of fuch dimenfions as (hall appear fufficient for the reception of each clafs of prifoners hereby intended to be confined in it; and fuch general divifions (hall be farther fubdivided into diflind cells for each individual, with apartments for labour, and airing grounds, fo difpofed as (hall appear bell adapted to promote the purpofes of punifhment by folituae and labour; and there (hall be a bath, infirmary, and chapel, particularly appropriated to the ufe of the faid penitentiary houfe, or to which the prifoners therein confined can have all neceflary accefs.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That all timber, (lone, jmd brick, and other material^ to be prac!e 'Ufe-pf*. or which

'	■	"	Hosted	by	G,OOgle	^

the penitentiary houfe.

Materials veiled in the

commiffion*

.....

*3

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGITIII. c. 10.

(hall be collected to be made ufe of, by order of the faid com-miffioners, or any five or more of them, for building and completing any gaol, penitentiary houfe, houfe of correction, or other building or work carrying on for the purpofes of this aCt, and which may not be the immediate property of their agents and contractors, (hall be vefted in the laid commiflioners, and they, or any five of more of them, are hereby authorifed and impowered to bring, or caufe to be brought, any aCtion or actions, in the name of their clerk, or to prefer or caufe to be preferred any bill or bills of indictment, againft any perfon or perfons who (hall (teal, take away, or damage any fuch materials, or difturb them in the poffeffion thereof.

XXVI.	And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon or For puniftiing » perfons fhall wilfully and malicioufly obftruCt the ereCting, £erfS?8 ob" building, or repairing any gaol, houfe of correction, boundary damaging0* wall thereof, or other building hereby directed to be built, buildings, &c, or wilfully or malicioufly pull down, damage, or deftroy the

fame, or any part thereof, every perfon fo offending, and being lawfully convicted, fhall be fubjeCt and liable to the like pains and penalties as in cafes of felony, and the court by and before whom any fuch perfon fhall be tried and convicted fhall have power and authority to caufe fuch perfon to be punifhed in like manner as felons are directed to be punifhed by the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

XXVII.	And whereas, in cafe of building the faid new gaol on the fcite of the prefent gaol for the county of Gloucefter, it may be

neceffary to provide a temporary gaol for the faid county; be it For providing therefore further enacted. That in fuch cafe it fhall and may be aatejm^f lawful for the fheriff of the faid county to remove the prifoners ceila’ry. ^ in the faid prefent gaol to fuch houfe or houfes of correction,

*or other places of confinement, within the fame county, as the juflices of the peace for the fame county fhall, at any general or quarter feffions of the peace, appoint, which houfe or houfes of correction, or other proper place of confinement, fhall be deemed the common gaol for the faid county, until the faid new gaol be built, and the prifoners in the cuftody of the fheriff therein fhall be removed therefrom, under the directions hereinafter given for that purpofe.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaCted, That'when the faid Prifoners to new gaol fhall be finifhed, it (hall be the common g«>l for the be [h^new* county of Gioucejler, and fhall from time to time be repaired

*and fupported by the fame ways and means as county gaols in B England are by law to be repaired and fupported, and the fheriff of the faid county for the time being fhall have the keeping thereof; and when the faid new gaol fhall be fit for the reception of prifoners, the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, fhall caufe notice thereof to be given to the fheriff of the.faid county, who fhall with all convenient fpeed remove to fuch new.gap! all fuel) prifoners as (hall be in his cuftody, which Removal fhall not be deemed or taken to be an efcape.

XXIX* And be it further EnaCted, That when and as foon

C 4	a*

■	Google

u

Juft-ices power £>ver the new houfes' of cor-jre&ion.

Geo. a.

G^J.

Juftices may appoint a furgeon and apothecary.

Penitentiary houfe to be tinder management of ihe juftices;

l r .

- Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. io. [1785.

as the faid five new houfes of correction (hall feverally and reflectively be completely erected and built, they (ball fie fitted up and furniftied, by order of the laid commiflionefs, pr any five or more of them, as houfes of correction are directed to be? by an ad pa (Ted in the feventeenth year of his late msjefty King George the Second^ (intituled. An oft to amend and make morh effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and diforderly perfons, and to houfes of cor re diion;) and fo foon as fuch houfes of correction, or any of them refpeCtively, (hall be fit for the reception of offenders, the juftices of the peace for the pounty of Gloucefer (hall have the like power and authority over the fame refpeCtively, as they have, by virtue of any law now in force, over thofe already ereCted or provided within the fame county; and the faid juftices, at their firft general or quarter feftions after each of the faid new houfes of correction (hall be fo completely ereCted and furniftied, (hall frame a body of orders and regulations for governing and regulating the fame refpeCtively, and for employing, relieving, and punifhing the perfons therein, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid laft mentioned aCt, and (hall then declare the fame refpeCtively to be fit for the reception of offenders, and (hall make fuch prder for ufing the fame accordingly, and for transferring offenders from the prefent houfes of correction, as the fucceffive completion of the faid new houfes of correction (hall make proper, and the nature of the cafe (hall require; and when all the faid new houfes of correction (hall be completed, the old houfes of correction for the faid county (hall no longer be ufed as fuch; and all the faid new houfes of correction (hall, from the time of their being firft ufed as fuch, together with the buildings, aqueduCts, eafements, and appurtenances thereto belonging, be repaired and fupported in the fame martner as* houfes of correction ought to be by the laws &qd ftatutes of the realm.

XXX.	And be it further enaCted, That the juftices of the peace, at their general or quarter feftions for the faid county of Gloucejler, may, if they think fit, appoint an experienced fur-geon or apothecary to attend the faid penitentiary houfe, and each of fuch new7 houfes of correction, at a ftated falary, and may remove him, or vary his falary, from time to time; and every furgeon or apothecary fo appointed, (hall and is hereby directed to report to the faid juftices, at every general of quarter feftions, a ftate of the health of the prifoners under his care.

XXXI.	And be it further enaCted, That when the faid peni-

tentiary houfe for the county oiGloucefler (hall, under the powers aforefeid, be ereCted and fitted up, fo as to be ready for the reception of offenders, it (hall be under the care and management of the juftices of the peace of the faid county for the tithe being, and (hall from time to time be maintained, fupported, and repaired by fuch ways apd means, and in fuch manner, as fioufes of correction \n this fiihgdofti^sire by Jaw directed to be ; gnd a* fotm af proper officers*with	fof^the

' govern-

,	Hosted by CjOO^Ic

i£-.85»3 Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii 1IL c. io.	25

government of the fame, (hall be appointed and made by the Juftices of the peace for the faid county, at their general or quarter feffions, under the powers herein-after given them, the clerk of the peace for the faid county (hall, by order of the faid juftices, make certificate thereof to the juftices of affize at the next enfuing affizes for the faid county, or as foon after as conveniently may be;'and from the time of receiving fuch certificate by inch juftices of affile, the faid penitentiary houfe fhall be made ufe of as a penitentiary houfe for the county of Glou*~ eefler, for the reception and cuftody of fuch offenders as are herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay), where any perfon hath been or {hall be, at any feffion of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any affize, or any general or quarter feffions of the peace for the county, of Gloucejler, lawfully convicted of any crime or offence, for which he or fhe fhall, by virtue of any ftatute now in force, or hereafter to be, made, be liable to be imprifoned and kept to hard labour within any gaol, houfe of corre&ion, or other proper place, within the faid county, or where any fuch imprifonment and labour fhall at any time be legally ordered as a condition of his Majefty’s royal mercy extended to any capital or tranfportable convieff, it fhall be lawful for the court before which any fuch perfon fhall be fo convicted, or any court held for the faid county, with like authority, or in the cafe of any offender who fhall be fo allowed the benefit of a conditional pardon, if no fuch court fhall be fitting, for any judge or juftice of the court by or before whom fuch offender fhall have been convicted, to order and adjudge that fuch perfon fhall be punifhed by being imprifoned and kept to hard labour in the faid penitentiary houfe, for any term not exceeding the term for which fuch perfon was liable to be imprifoned and kept to hard labour in any gaol, houfe of correction, or other proper place, within the faid county of Gloucejier.

XXXII.	And whereas difficulties frequently occur, which delay the carrying into execution fentences and orders of tranfportation of convicts to places beyond the feus, from whence great inconveniences arife to the faid county of Gloucefter, be it therefore further In what cafe* enacted, That when and as foon as, and at any time after fuch tranfportable certificate fhall be made by the clerk of the peace for the faid Perfons ®a7 county as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the fheriff or gaoler to the peni-for the faid county, having cuftody of any offender remaining tentiary ‘Under fentence of tranfportation beyond the Teas, to caufe every houfe. fuch offender to be conveyed to the/ faid penitentiary houfe, there to remain until he or fhe be tranfported, or otherwife removed, according to law, or until he or fhe, by thb expiration of the term of fuch tranfportation, or otherwife, fhall be entitled-to his or her liberty; and the governor of the faid peni-: tentiary houfe fhall have the cuftody of every fuch offender < during his or her confinement therein, and every, fuch offender fhalb be fubjecTt to the, difeipline, regulations, and reftrictions hereih-after provided, br directed to be provided, for employing? governing, smd freeing pfFeqders therein confined:

:: :v c '	“/ ’ ' "	"	..... ........ ’ provided

Hosted by CjOO^ iC

26	Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. io. [1785^

provided always, and it is hereby exprefsly declared. That the time during which fuch offender (hall fo continue confined by virtue of this ad, (hall be reckoned in, difcharge, or part of difcharge, or fatisfadion, of the term of his or her tranfpor-tation.

A proportion XXXIII. Provided always. That notwithftanding a peniten-ma°^be fent **ary ^ou^e ls by this ad provided for the county of Gloucejier, tothe national *here (hall Or may be fentfrom the fame county, to the national penitentiary penitentiary houfes to be ereded under the faid act of the nine-houfe.	teenth year of his prefent Majeity, or to any other place of re-

ception for tranfportable or other convi<5ts, that may hereafter be provided in lieu thereof, the fame proportion of offenders, in refped of the circuit to which the faid county belongs, as if this ad had not been made.

How offend- XXXIV. And be it further enaded, That when any offen-^harcTlabour ^er ^a^ adjudged to be kept to hard labour in the faid penial! be con- te&tiary houfe for the county of Gloucefer, the clerk of affize, veyed to the or other clerk of the court in which fuch offender (hall be con-penitentiary vided, (hall give to the fheriff or gaoler having the cuftody of houfe.	fuch offender, a certificate in writing, containing an account of

the chriflian name, furname, and age, of fuch offender, of his or her offence, of the court before,which he or (he was con-vided, and of the term for which he or (he fhall be fo ordered to hard labour; and fuch lheriff or gaoler (hall forthwith, after receiving fuch certificate, convey fuch offender to the faid penitentiary houfe for the county of Gloucefer, and fhall deliver him or her, together with fuch certificate, to the governor of the faid penitentiary houfe, to be appointed in manner herein-after mentioned ; and in cafe the office of governor of the faid penitentiary houfe fhall happen to be diftind and feparate from the office of gaoler, every fuch governor, or the perfon or perfons ading for him, fhall, under his or their hand or hands, give a K proper receipt in writing to fuch fheriff or gaoler, which fhall be his fufficient difcharge; and fuch governor (hall tranfmit fuch certificate to the clerk of the peace for die faid county of ,	Gloucejier, who (hall file or preferve it with the records of the

feffions.

XXXV.	And, for defraying the expence'of building the faid new gaol> penitentiary houfe, and houfes of correction, for the county of Gloucefter, and of otherwife carrying this aft into execution, be it County rates further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid commif-edTfoTthe* fi°?ers>.at any meet^ng at which feven■ at lead fhall be prefent, fxpenceTof 6 ^rom r*me t0 t,n?e to borrow and take up, on mortgage of the the ad; county rates for the county of Gloucejier, by inftruments in the form contained in the fchedule. hereunto annexed, fuch fum or fums of money as to them fhall appear neceflary and expedient for.the purpofes aforefaid, at legal or lower intereft, in feparate and fpecifick fums, not exceeding one hundred pounds each, and to take and receive any part of tbe.fum or fums of money, railed by^an- "fp Appearing neceffary and expedient for the purpofes aforefaid, unities/ * of any perfon or perfons willing \q pgy pr advance the fame,

uport

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vlcefimo quinto GeoRGII III. c.io,	27

upon annuities for any term of years, not exceeding twenty-five years, or for the life of the purchafer, and thereupon to charge-the faid county rates for the county of Gloucejler, with fuch annuities, by inftruments in the form alfo contained in the faid fchedule; and every fuch mortgage for the fecuring the payment of any principal money and intereft, and every fitch charge for fecuring the i payment of any fuch annuity, (hall be figned by the chairman, and three others at leaft of the faid commif-fioners, at a meeting held under this a<$t; and all fuch mortgages and charges, or fecurities, (hall be clear of all fees and expences from the perfon fo advancing the money, and copies thereof (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept by the clerk to the faid commiffioners; and all perfons to whom fuch Securities mortgages and charges, or fecurities, fhall be given, are hereby JP3? ^ af” impower^d, by indorfing their refpeddive names on the back *lgne • thereof, as in the. cafe of promiflory notes without ftamps, or by writing or writings executed under his or their hand and feal,' to transfer, or bargain, fell, and afiign the fame, 2nd his, her, or their right to the principal money and intereft, or annuity or annuities, thereby fecured, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever; who (hall thereupon be entitled to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and he, (he, or they may, in like manner, transfer, or bargain, fell, and allign again, and fo toties quoties; and all and every perfon or perfons, to whom fuch mortgages and charges, or fecurities, or transfers or aflignments thereof, (hall be made, (hall be creditors on the faid county rates for the county of Gloucejler, equally one with another, without any regard to priority of date of any fuch mortgage, charge, or (ecurity; but no annuity or annuities dial] be granted for the life of any one perfon, for any fum exceeding one hundred pounds per annum; and all transfers, fales, and aflignments of annuities, (hall (previous to any fubfequent demand of payment in refped of the fame) be notified to the faid clerk, who (hall caufe an entry to be made, fpecifying the date thereof, and parties thereto, in. the book or books containing the original entry of the fecurity, and fhall be paid for each fuch entry one (hilling and fixpence, and no more; and which faid book or books may, at all feafonable times, be perufed and infpeded by the creditors on the faid rates, without fee or reward.	•

XXXVI.	Provided always, That the faid commiflioners (hall Notice to be not proceed to treat and agree for any annuity or annuities as $iven of in-aforefaid, until publick adv|rtifement, containing the terms °f tranTannui? their propofals, and time of treating and agreeing for the fame, ^es. fhall have been inferted in fome publick newfpaper circulating as aforefaid, at leaft fourteen days before fuch time of treating; and all fuch agreements (hall be made in, open committee, to -which all contributors to the county rates (hall have free accefs, and the beft bidder for every annuity (hall be accepted as pur-chafer thereof; but nq apnuity foy twenty-five .years fhall be

grants

Hosted by

Godgle

28	Anno	vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. io. [1785;

granted for lefs than thirteen years purchafe, and fo in proportion for any annuity for a leffer number of years.

XXXVII.	'Andy in order effectually to fecure the regular and punctual difcharge ojjhe intereji on the principal fums fo to he bor~ rowed on mortgage, and the growing payment of the faid annuities, and further io provide for the paying off ofJuch principal fumsy be

Money to dif- it further ena&ed, That the faid commiflioners, or any five or charge inte- more of them, may and (hall, in every year after the pafling of Sge^and^o Mis adl, Ml the whole of the principal fums herein-before an-pay annuities, thorifed to be borrowed (hall have been repaid, with all intereft to be taken for the fame, receive the fum of two thoufand pounds out of out of county the county rates for the faid county of GlouceJlery for which ^rates*	purpofe they (hall in every year make one or more order or or-

ders upon the treafurer of the faid county, for payment of the faid fum of two thoufand pounds, either in one entire fum, or in parcels to the treafurer of the faid commiflioners; and the treafurer of the faid county (hall accordingly pay fuch fum or fums, in conformity to the faid order or orders, or as foon after as his receipts from the faid county rate (hall enable him; and the juftices of the peace for the faid county (hall, from time to time, at their general or quarter feffions, make fuch provifion for augmenting the faid county rate as the additional annual charge thereon, created by this adl, (hall require: and, in order to facilitate the payment of the intereft on the faid principal fums fo to be borrowed, and of the faid annuities, the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby required to appoint a day or days in each year on which the intereft of the (aid principal monies, and the growing payments of the faid annuities, as they (hall rcfpedlively become due, (hall from time to time be difeharged, at the office of their treafurer, and which he is to pay accordingly, without fee; and the faid commif-fioners, or any five or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby required, within ten days previous to fome one fuch day of payment in every year, to adjuft and fettle all books of account relative to the truft, in fuch manner that it may eafily be feen what principal fums have been difeharged, and what annuities or intereft (hall be growing due, and thereupon to make order for the regular difcharge of .the fame ; and the faid books, when fo adjufted and fettled, (ball be (igned by the faid commiffion-ers, or any three or more of them, prefent at fuch meeting, and (hail be kept by the clerk to the faid commiflioners, and at •	'	all convenient leafons be open to the infpedtion of all perfons

being creditors on the faid county ^ate, or afiefled to the poors rates within the county of Gloucejlery they paying to fuch clerk fuch fee for infpe.cSting the fame, as is herein-before diredted to be paid him for the infpedlion of the books of proceedings of the fajd commiflioners.

XXXVIII.	And whereas it is intended that all the faid mortgagee -' cr fecurities for the payment of any principal money Jhall be liable ta

be difeharged by the gradual operation of a ftnking fund% without an31

partiality

Hosted by Google

1785*] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. C. 10.'	29

partiality or preference; be it therefore enacted, That as (bon Mode for dif-as the faid new gaol and penitentiary houfe, and new houfes of charging correction, (hall be completed, and before any money (hall he mortgages, applied in difcharge of any fuch mortgages as herein-after directed, the faid commiflioners, or any live or more of them, fhall appoint a general meeting of commiiliopers, of which fourteen days notice (hall be given in fome newfpaper circulating as aforefaid, and to which all mortgages under this act (hall be admitted; and all the faid mortgages (hall then and there be drawn by lot, by order of the commiffioners prefent, and numbered according to the event of fuch drawing; and the mortgages fo drawn and numbered (hall be regularly difcharged in fucceflion, according to priority of number.

XXXIX.	And be it further enated, That the faid annual Application of furn of two thoufand pounds to be raifed out of the faid rate for *he annual the county of Gloucefer, fhall, by order of the faid com million- raj?e(j°&c ers, or any five or more of them, from time to time be applied * in manner following; (that is to fay), a fufficient part thereof (hall in the firft place be applied in paying all charges and ex> pences incident to and attending the obtaining and pafling this Expence of a61, and in the next place in keeping down the intereft of the palling this faid principal furps fo to be borrowed, and in paying the annuL k«;pinedowQ ties fo to be granted in manner aforefaid, and the furplus (hall the intereft, be applied in difcharging the expences of creeling, fitting up, and paying and furnifhing the faid new gaol, penitentiary houfe, and new the annuities; houfes of correction for the faid county; and when fuch laft	"aoT&c -

mentioned expences (hall be entirely difcharged, then fuch fur- furplus for a ’ plus dial! be applied as a finking fund, for the gradual difcharge finking fund, of the principal fums borrowed as aforefaid.

XL. And^ for ejlablijhing and enforcing a proper police within the faid new gaol for the county of Gloucefler, be it further enacted,

That before the opening of the faid new gaol for the reception Foreftablifh-of prisoners, a body of rules, orders, and regulations, as bye !n£ * Pol',ce laws for the government of the faid new gaol, and of the pri- e ncw foners to be therein confined, (hall be framed, made, and confirmed, by fuch perfons, and in fuch manner, as is appointed . for county gaols in general by a ftatute of the thirty-fecond year of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for 34 Geo. relief of debtors with refpeft to the imprifonment of their perfons ; c* and to oblige debtors, who Jhall continue in execution in prifon beyond • a certain time, and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the aft^ to make difeovery of and deliver upon oath, their efates for their creditors benefit; and-in the fame rules, orders, and regulations, proper and particular directions (hall be given for effectuating fuch feparation and clafling of prifoners as is hereinbefore directed in appointing how the fame gaol (hall be con-’Itructed, with fuch further feparation and clafling as (hall be thought requifite, and alfo as well for enforcing amongft the prifoners, cleanlinefs, temperance, and a decent and orderly behaviour, as forfecuring a juft and humane treatment of them by the gaoler* and his fervants; and all directions contained

in

Hosted by Google

19 Car. arc. 4* recited.

Prifoners in the gaol may be fet to woi;k

Recital of an a& 14 Eli 2.

Anno vicefimo quirito GfioRGli III c. io. [*7$5*

in the faid ad, refpeding fuch rules and orders, (hall be exactly conformed to.

XLI. And whereas, by an aft of the nineteenth year of King Charles the Second? intituled. An ad for relief of poor prifoners, and fetting them on work* after reciting that there was not any fufficient provifion made for the relief and fetting on work of poor and needy perfons committed to the common gaol for felony and other mif-demeanors, who many times perijb before their trial, and the poor there living idly and'unemployed, become debauched, and come forth inftrufted in the practice of thievery and lewdriefs, it is enabled. That the juJHces of the peace, in their refpeftive counties, at any their general feffions, if they Jhall find it needful fo to do, may provide a Jlock ofJuch materials as they find convenient for the fetting poor pri~ foners on work, in fuch manner and by fuch ways as other county charges may be levied and raifed, and to pay and provide fit perfons to over/ee and fet fuch prifoners on work, and make fuch orders, for accounts of and concerning the premijes, as J,hall by them be thought needful, and for punifhment of neglects and other abufes, and for be-jloiving of the profits arifing by the labour of the prifoners fet on work for their relief, which fall be dulyj/bferved \ and may alter, revoke, or amend fuch their orders from time to time, provided that no parijb be rated above fixpence by the week towards the premifes, having refpeft to the refpeftive values of the feveral parijbes: and whereas the provifion of the faid recited Jiatute is very fit to be executed with refpeft to fuch prifoners therein defcribea, as Jhall be confined in the faid new gaol for the county fl/'GIoucefter, with an cxtenfion thereof to all other prifoners inclined to take the benefit thereof, and alfo an increafe of the fum limited by the faid aft, for defraying the expence of executing the fame; be it therefore enaded, That the juftices of the peace for the faid county of Gloucefer (hall have autho-’ rity to execute the faid recited provifion in the faid laft mentioned a<5l, for fetting poor perfons on work, as well in regard to fuch perfons as are therein defcribed, as in favour of all other prifoners within the faid new gaol, who may at any time be inclined' and willing to work, and for that purpofe are hereby authorifed, at any general or quarter fefllons of the peace for the faid county, or at any adjournment thereof, to direct the payment of fuch fums of money, out of the county rate for the faid county, as they (hall from time to time think fit to be expended in executing the provifion of the faid laft mentioned ad, according to the extenfion thereof, hereby made.

XLIL And ivbereas, by an aft of the fourteenth year of ^ueen .Elizabeth, intituled. An ad how vagabonds (hall be punifhed, and the poor relieved, as alfo by the above mentioned aft of the . thirty-fecond year of King George the Second, fome provifion is made for the relief of prifoners-, but, notwitkflan ding the humane purpofes thereby intended, the health of prifoners is frequently fa affefted, by want of necejfdry food, as to render them incapable of labour when releafed; and therefore it may be expedient to have a new and more extenfive provifion in favour of fuch poor prifoners as fball be confined . in the faid gaol for the county of Gloucefter, and have not any means

Y

Hosted by Google

1785*] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III, c. 10.	31

of acquiring neceffary fuftehance\ be it therefore enabled, That, Juftices may from and after the paffing of this ad, it fhall be lawful for the ?rder food juftices of the peace for the faid county oiGloucefter, at their neceffa^for general or quarter feffions, or any adjournment thereof, from fUpp0rtof time to time to order fuch fum or fums of money to be paid health, out of the county rate of the faid county, towards affifting fuch. prifoners of every defcription, as, being confined within the faid gaol, are not able to work, or being able, cannot procure employment fufficient to fuftain themfelves’ by their induftry, or who may not be otherwife provided for by virtue of any law or ftatute, or of any cuftom or order, fuch food and raiment as the faid juftices fhall from time to time think neceffary for the fupport of health, and fuch money fhall accordingly be applied in conformity to directions to be given by the faid juftices.

XLIII. Andy for regulating the faid penitentiary houfe for the county of Gloucester, fettling the government and police thereof \ be it further enabled, That previoufty to the opening of the F°r regulat-faid penitentiary houfe for the reception of offenders, the juftices in& Peni* of the peace for the faid county (hall, at one or more general houfe "and pr quarter feffions for the faid county (at which fe.ven at lead police’thereof-fhall be prefent), appoint a governor or tafk-mafter of the faid penitentiary houfe, and fuch other officers, and with fuch fala-ries and allowances for the faid governor and other officers, as they the faid juftices (hall deem neceffary; and afterwards the juftices of the peace for the faid county (hall from time to time have power, at their general or quarter feffions, or any adjournment thereof, to appoint and remove the governor and other officers of the faid penitentiary houfe, and to appoint others in their (lead, and to increafe or diminifti the number of the officers, exclufive of the governor, and alfo to alter the falaries and allowances of fuch governor and other officers, as the faid juftices (hall from time to time find convenient ; and in fixing the falary and allowance of fuch governor or tafk-mafter, the juftices fhall have regard, fo far as may be, to the making the emoluments of the office depend on the quantity of work done and performed in fuch penitentiary houfe, that it may become the intereft as well as duty of fuch governor or tafk-mafter to fee that all perfons under his cuftody be regularly and profitably employed ; and further, fudh governor and other officers (hall give fuch fecurity for the performance of their refpedtive duties, as the faid juftices from time to time, at any fuch general or quarter feffions, (hall appoint; and fuch governor and other officers, for any negligence-or mKbehaviour in their refpebtive offices, may either be proceeded againft on the fecurity lb to be given, or (hall be fineable by the juftices of the peace for the faid county, at any general or quarter feffions, in the fame manr ner as the governor of any houfe of correction is fineable, by juftices of the peace, by an act pafled in the fevemh year of .King James the Firft, intituled, An adi for the due execution of 7 Jac. 1. c. 4I diverts laws. and JlatuUs heretofore made againjl roguesy vagabonds, x r . /	and

Hosted by Google

'3i

Juftices to make byelaws and orders refpett-ing the penitentiary boufe.

19 Geo. 3. C. 74*

Anno vicedmo quinto Georgii III. c. 10'.	[1785a

andJlurdy beggars, and other lewd and idle perfons, or by the afore-faid adt of the feventeenth year of King George the Second; and if any governor of any penitentiary houfe, being removed by any order of the faid juftices at their general or quarter feffions, or any adjournment thereof, (hall refufe or negle6l to quit the poffeflion of the faid penitentiary houfe, for forty-eight hours next after notice given to him in writing by the clerk of the peace for the county of Gloucefter, any two or more juftices of the peace for the faid county, upon proof before them of fuch order of removal, fuch notjee thereof, and fuch negledt or refufal to comply with the fame, may, by warrant under their hands and teals, diredt the fheriff of the faid county to remove fuch governor out of the faid penitentiary houfe, and the (beriff (hall accordingly clear the poffeffion thereof in like manner as upon a writ of Habere Facias Pojfefftonem.

XLIVY And be it further ena&ed, That, previous to the opening of the faid penitentiary houfe for the reception of of-? fenders, the juftices of the peace for the faid county of Glou-cejler (hall, and they are hereby authorifed and required, at fome general or quarter feftions for the faid county, to make fuch bye-laws, rules, and orders, for receiving, feparating* claffing, dieting, cloathing, maintaining, employing, reform-ing, governing, managing, treating, and watching all offenders, during their refpe&ive confinement in the^aid penitentiary houfe, and alfo for adjufting what aid (hall be given to them, as well during fuch confinement as on their being releafed, as to the faid juftices fliall feem moft fit and proper; but no fuch bye-laws, rules, and orders, (hall be made at any fuch feffions, unlefs feven juftices at leaft (hall be prefent; and in making fuch bye-laws, rules, and orders, the faid juftices (hall have regard to the difeipline, provifions, and directions, contained in the aforefaid a6t of the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, for explaining and amending the laws relating to the tranf-portation, imprifonment, and other punijhment of certain offenders* concerning the two national penitentiary houfes therein mentioned, as nearly as to the faid juftices (hall appear to be con* liftent with the more limited defign of the penitentiary houfe for the county of Gloucejler; and further, fuch bye-laws, rules, and orders, fo to be made as aforefaid, (hall not begin to have force till they have been fubmitted to the juftices of affize, at the affizes which (hall be'holden for the laid county next after the making of fuch bye-laws, rules, and orders, or at fome fubfequent affizes, and the faid juftices of affize (hall have fub-feribed a declaration, that they do not fee any thing contrary to law in the faid bye-laws, rules, and orders, fo to be made as aforefaid, and all fuch bye-laws, rules, and orders, (hall be afterwards added to or altered, from time to time, as often as the faid juftices of the peace for the faid county, at any general or quarter feffions (at which feven at leaft (hall be prefent) (hall think neceffary, and fuch additions or alterations (hall alfo in like manner be fubmitted to* the juftices of affize, at any affizes

for

—_	Hosted by Google

17S5.] Anno vicefimo quihto GSorgii III. c. id.	33

for the faid county, in manner aforefaid; but nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be xonftrued to extend, to deprive any convict confined in the faid new gaol or penitentiary houfe* of the benefit of any weekly or other allowance which has ufually been* or hereafter maybe granted or made* by virtue of any law* ftatute, cuftom, or order* for the purpofe of maintaining and fupporting convided prifoners; provided only, that the application of all and every fuch allowance (hall be fubjed to fuch limitations and reftridions as may be contained in the bye-laws* rules, and orders, herein directed to be made for the government and police of the faid gaol and penitentiary houfe.

XLV. And be it further etiaded* That the governor of the Powers of the faid new penitentiary Ivoufe, and his affiftarits, (hall have the governor of fame powers over the offenders to be confined therein as are in-	tiary houfe *

cident to the office of a (heriff, or of a gaoler, and in like man-	*	*

ner be anfwerable for the efcape of any offender within his cuftody; and moreover the faid governor (hall have power to hear complaints, add examine any perfons touching offences* and determine and punifh the fame (except by whipping) in fuch and the fame manner as the gqvernor of each penitentiary houfe direded to be built by the faid ad of the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, is by the fame ad impowered to do; and in cafe of the repetition of fuch offences, or in cafe of offences more enormous* which the faid governor of the faid new penitentiary houfe is not by this ad impowered to punifh, the faid governor (hall report the fame to the vifiting juftices of the faid penitentiary houfe, or one of them* for the time being* to be appointed as herein-after is direded; and fuch juftices, or one of them* (hall have power to enquire upon oath* and de* rermine concerning all fuch offences fo reported to them* and (hall order fuch offenders to be punifhed in fuch and the fame manner as the committee appointed by the faid laft-mentioned ad are thereby impowered to do refpeding offenders and offences in each of the penitentiary houfes thereby direded to be built; and if any perfon ordered to hard labour in the faid penitentiary houfe for the county of Gloucejier (hall, at any time during the term for which he or (he (hall be fo ordered* break prifon, or (hall efcape from the faid penitentiary houfe, or in the conveyance to the fame* or from the perfon or perfons having the lawful cuftody of fuch offender; or if any perfon (hall refeue any offender, who by force of this ad (hall be ordered to hard labour in the faid penitentiary houfe for the county of *

Gloucejier, either during his or her conveyance thereto* or whilft fuch offender (hall be in the cuftody of the perfon or perfons under whofe care and charge he or (he (hall be confined; or if any perfon (hall be aiding or aflifting in any fuch refeue; or if any perfon, having fuch cuftody as an afiiftant, (hall, voluntarily or negligently permit fuch offender to efcape; or if any perfon (hall, by fupplying arms, tools, inftruments, or means of difguife, or otherwife in any manner aid or affift any fuch of-Vol. XXXV.	D	fender

Hosted by Cj OO^Ic

Provifrons of Ad 19 Geo. 3. relating to efcapes, &c. to be extended to the penitentiary houfe.

Expenses of the penitentiary houfe to be paid out of the county rate.

Jn dices to be appointed to infped the gaol, Sec.;

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. [1785.

fender in any efcape, or in any attempt to make an efcape, though no efcape be adually made; every fuch offence as afore-faid (hall be pCmilhed in the fame manner as the like offence would be punifhable under the before-mentioned ad of the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, directing two national penitentiary houfes to be built, if fuch had been committed by or in refped to any perfon ordered to hard labour in either of the faid two penitentiary houfes therein mentioned.

XLVI. And be it further enaded, That the provifion.made in and by the faid a<St of the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, for carrying on. profecutions for efcapes, attempts to efcape, breaches of prifon, and refeues, in the cafe of perfons adjudged to either of the faid penitentiary houfes thereby dired-ed to be built* (hall extend and be applied to any profecutidn for any efcape, attempt to efcape, breach of prifon, or refeue, in the cafe of any perfon who, under this ad, (hall be adjudged to the faid penitentiary houfe for the county of Gloucefler.

XLVIL And be it further enaded, That from time to time, and at all times after firft opening the faid penitentiary houfe for the county of Gloucefler^ for the reception of offenders, the expenees of repairing the fame, with the buildings, eafements, and appurtenances thereto belonging, and of providing proper implements, with (lock of materials for work, to be ufed-there-in, and the falaries and allowances to the governor and other officers thereof, together with the aid, adjufted as aforefaid, to be given to prisoners, as well during their confinement, as on their being releafed, and all other charges and expenees necef-fary for fupporting the faid penitentiary houfe, in conformity to the diredions and intent of this ad, (hall be paid out of the county rate, by the treafurer of the county oi Gloucefler, and the juftices of the peace for the faid county (hall, from time to time, make provifion for the fame out of the county rate; and the faid penitentiary houfe (hall, in all other refpeds not herein particularly provided for, be confidered as a houfe of corredion for the county of Gloucejler, and be fubjed to the various fta-tutes and provisions made and now in force, for the managing, regulating, and repairing houfes of corredion*

XLVIII. And, for better preventing all abufes, as well in the faid new penitentiary houfe as in the faid new gaol, and new houfes of corredion, for the faid county of Gloucefler, the juftices of the peace (hall, at every Michaelmas general or quarter feffion 5 which (hall be holden for the faid county, after the beginning to receive offenders in the faid gaol, penitentiary houfe, and houfes of corredion, refpedively appoint two or more juftices vifitors of the faid new gaol and penitentiary houfe, and of the faid houfe of corredion contiguous thereto, and alfo two or more other juftices vifitors for each of the faid four other houfes of corredion ; and fuch vifiting juftices, fo refpedively appointed, (hall, either together or fingly, perfonally vifit and infped each fuch prifon at leaft three times in each quarter of a year, and ofterier if occafion (hall require, and (hail examine «	into

Hosted by

Google

Anno vicefimO quitito Oegagh. Ilf. g. iq.	.3$

Into the ftate of the buildings, the behaviour and conduct of the •refpeClive officers, and the treatment and condition of the prisoners^ the amount of their earnings, and the expences attending each prifon refpeCtively, and in matters of preffing neceflity, and within the powers of their commiflion as juftices, (hall take cognizance therein, and proceed to regulate and redrefs the , fame $ and at every general or quarter fefiions of the peace, the and report to laid vifiting juftices refpeCtively (hall make a report in writing tiie feffions’ of the ftate and condition of the faid new gaol, penitentiary houfe, and new houfes of correction, and of all abufes which may occur to their obfervation therein \ and the chairman of the faid feffions is hereby required to call upon the faid vifitors for fuch report 3 and further, it (hall be lawful for every juft ice of the peace for the faid county, of his own accord, and without being appointed a vifitor, to enter into the faid new gaol, penitentiary houfe, and houfes of correction, refpeCtively, and to examine the fame, at fuch time or times, and as often as he Shall think fir, and if be (hall difcover any abufes therein, he is hereby required to report them in writing at the next general or quarter fefiions of the peace which (hall be holden ior the faid county; and when and as often as report of any abufes in the faid gaol, penitentiary houfe, and houfes of correction, or either of them, (hall be made by the faid vifiting juftices, or , either of them, or by any other juftice of the peace for the faid county, the abufes fo reported (hall be taken into immediate confideration by the juftices of the peace for the faid county, at the general or quarter fefiions at which fuch report (hall be made, and they are hereby required to adopt the moft effectual meafures for enquiring into and rectifying fuch abufes as foon as the nature of the cafe will allow.

XLIX. And be it further enaCied, That no keeper of the Keepers or faid new gaol, or governor of the faid penitentiary houfe, nor governors not any perfon or perfons in truft for or employed by fuch keeper |° ^ or governor, or who (hall have any office or employment as tcntiar^ affiftant, or otherwife, under fuch keeper or governor, (hail fell, houfe. or be capable of being licenfed to fell, or have any benefit or advantage whatfoever, direCtly or indirectly, from the fale of any wine, beer, ale, or other liquors/ufed in fuch gaol or penitentiary houfe; and every perfon offending therein (hall, on complaint made on oath, and conviction before one juftice of the peace, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.

**■- L. And whereas a confiderable part of the emolument of gaoler or keeper of the gaol for the county of Gloucefter has ufually arifen from fees paid to him by debtors and other perfons confined therein, and from incidental charges made by him on the county rate, on the dif-tnijjion ofprifoners, and on the removal of tran [ports*, and, by reafon qfnegleft in regulating the faid fees, as directed by the aforefaid ail if the thirty-fecond year of King George the Second, they are become ' ipprejfive and burthenfome to poor prif oners, and fuch charges on the xouniy rate are liable to frequent abufe; be it therefore enaCted, Ju(tice9 to That the juftices of the peace for the county of Gloucefter, af- fettle a table

Da	fembled	of fe€S*

Hosted by Google

Anno vicefimo quitito Georgii III. c. io. [ 1785.

fembled at their general or quarter felfions, or at fome fpecial adjournment thereof, held for fuch exprefs purpofe, (hall, and they are hereby required, within one year after the reception of prifoners in the faid new gap], to regulate and fettle a table of fees and rates to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of the faid gaol; and the faid juftices, fo aflembled as aforefaid, are hereby authorifed and impowered, from time to time, to alter, vary, or totally difallow of all or any fuch charges and fees, and to order a copy of the table of fees, fo regulated, to -be hung up in the court of aflize and quarter feflions for the faid county, and another copy thereof to be tranfmitted to the faid gaoler or keeper, who (hall caufe the fame to be hung up in fome con-fpicuous place within the faid gaol; and all orders and directions contained in the faid laft mentioned a6l, refpefitng the table of fees and rates to be taken by gaolers or keepers of pri-fons, (hall be conformed to as if the fame were herein particularly ena&ed and repeated ; and, by way of recompence for any diminution of emolument in the office of gaoler or keeper of the faid new gaol, by means of any fuch regulation of fees, or by the difallowing any fuch charges on the county rate, or any part thereof, as well as for and in lieu of ail or any part of the profits and emoluments that have ufually arifen from the office of gaoler or keeper, the faid juftices, fo aflembled as aforefaid, are hereby further authorifed and impowered to grant fuch fa^ ries and allowances to the faid gaoler or keeper, and to his affiftants, as to the faid juftices (hall appear reafonable and fatif-fadtory, and from time to time to alter and vary the fame as they (hall think fit, and further to order and diredt the faid fala-ries and allowances to be paid out of the county rate by the treafurer of the faid county, upon an order or orders figned by the chairman of any general or quarter feflions of the peace held for the faid county, fpecifying the falary and allowance fo directed to be paid : provided always, That no fuch regulation of fees and charges, or any fubfequent alteration thereof, (hall be made, nor (hall any fuch falary and allowance, or any alteration thereof be fixed and determined at any general or quarter feflions, or fpecial adjournment thereof, unlefs fourteen days pub-lick notice at the leaft (hall have been given, by advertisement in fome newfpaper circulating as aforefaid, figned by the clerk of the peace, and fpecifying that fuch regulation of fees and charges, or fuch grant of falaries and allowances, will be taken - into confideration; and no fuch regulation of fees and charges, or any fubfequent alteration thereof, or any variation in fuch falaries and allowances, fo granted, that may in any wife affedt the (heriff or his officers, (hall take place, or have effedi, pending the continuance in office of the (heriff who (hall be adiually in commiffion at the time of making fuch regulation, or any alteration thereof, or of varying fuch falaries and allowances, unJefc fuch (heriff (hall, by writing under his hand, confent thereto; and the faid juftices, in granting to any gaioler or keeper any fuch falary or allowance, may ftipulate, as a condi-

Hosted by Google

1785*] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. C. 10.	37

tion of the payment thereof, that he do regularly obferve and keep the bye-laws, rules, and orders of the (aid gaol.

LI. And it is hereby further exprefsly provided. That no No allowance fuch; falary and allowance (hall be paid out of the faid county tobe made to rate to any woman, or other perfon incapable of executing the fncapable^f office in perfon, who may at any time be appointed gaoler or performing keeper of the faid gaol; hut in cafe any gaoler or keeper (hall, the office, from confirmed ficknefs, age, or infirmity, become incapable Gaolers be-of fo executing his office in perfon, the juftices of the peace for come infirm the faid county, at any their general or quarter feffions, at which feven at the leaft (hall be prefent, (hall take the circumftances ance from the of the cafe into their confideration, and if he (hall be found to falary of the have executed his office with diligence, honefty, and fidelity, officiating they are hereby impowered to grant him fuch an annuity as Saoi€r* they, in their difcretion, (hall think proportioned to the merits and time of his fervice, not exceeding fifty pounds per annum, and may dedud the amount thereof from the falaryvallowed to the officating gaoler or keeper, or, if they (hall think fit,, may order the payment of the whole, or any part thereof, out of the county rate for the county of Gloucejier.

LII. And be it further enabled. That the juftices of the peace Moneycharg-for the county of Gloucejier (hall caufe fuch fum or fums of ed on county money as may be neceffary from time to time for all or any the Jaife^as^di-purpofes of this ad, and as is or are hereby charged on the reded by 1* county rate, to be raifed in the fame manner as county rates are Geo. 2. c. 29. directed to be raifed by an ad made in the twelfth year of his late majefty King George the Second, for the more eafy ajfejfing, colie Sting) and levying of county rates.

LIII. And be it further enaded, That all and (ingular the All laws ap-laws and ftatutes of this realm, which, from the nature of the plicable to the cafe, can be applied to the faid new gaol, penitentiary houfe, and houfes of corredion, for the county of Gloucejier, or to the extended to building, fitting up, apd repairing the fame refpedively, or to it. the ordering, governing, and transferring prifoners to be confined therein, ihall extend to the faid new gaol, penitentiary houfe, an,d houfes of corredion, and .prifoners, in the fame manner as if the fame laws and ftatutes were herein particularly enaded and repeated, and applied to. the faid new gaol, penitentiary houfe, and houfes of corredion.

LIV* And be it further enaded, That all fines, forfeitures, Penalties and and penalties inflided by this ad, or which (hall be inflided by forfeitures virtue of any bye law, rule, or order, to be made in purfuance covered^and" thereof, the levying and recovering of which are not particu- applied, larly herein direded, fhall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feals of two juftices of the peace for the county of Gloucejier) who are hereby authorifed to hear and examine witneffes on oath or affirmation, and determine the fame; and all fuch re-fpedive fines, forfeitures, and penalties, by this ad impofed; and inflided,-or authorifed to be impofed and inflided, the application whereof is not herein-before particularly direded, (hah'

-	D3	be

Hosted by Google

38	Anno	vicefitno	quinto Georgii III. c. 10. [1785,

be paid from time to time to the treafurer of the faid commif* fioners for the time being, fo long as there fhall be fuch an cer, and when, by the operation of this adt, 'the office of treafurer to the faid commiffioners (hall ceafe, then to the treafurer for the time being of the faid county of Gloucefter, and fhall be applied and difpofed of for the purpofes of this a<5>, and to or for no other ufe or purpofe whatsoever; and the overplus of the ,	money	raifed by fuch diftrefs and fale, after deducing the pe-

nalty, and the cxpences of the diftrefs and fale, fhall be rendered to the owner of the goods diftrained; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, the offender fhall be committed by fuch juf-lices to fome houfe of eorre&ion for the faid county, for fuch term, not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month, as fuch juftices fhall think proper.

' LV. And) for the more eafy and fpeedy conviction of offenders How juftices againjl this a ft, be it further enadted; That all and every the t° proceed for juftjce or juftices of the peace, before whom any perfon or per-oSders? 0t f°ns be corvvi<aed of any offence againft this adt, fhall and may caufe the convidfcion to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any other form of words to the fame effedt, as the cafe fhall happen,; (videlicet).;

Form of con- TjE it remembered, f'hat on the	in the year

vi&ion. \J of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and

A. B. is convicted before me C. D. one of his Majejiys juftices of the peace for the county of	[fpecifying-the offence,

and the time and place when and where the fame was committed, as the cafe fhall be].

Given under my hand and feal> the day and year Jftrft above men-Honed.	' •

Appeals.	LVL	Provided	always, and be it further enabled, That if

any perfon fhall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any thing, done in purfuance of this adt, and for which no particular method of relief hath been already appointed, fuch perfon may appeal to the juftices of the peace, at any general or quarter feffioo of the peace to be holden for the county of Gloucefter, within fix calendar months after the caufe of fuch complaint fhall have, arifen, fuch appellant firft giving, or caufing to be giver^, eight clear days notice at leaft, in writing, of his or her intention to bring fuch appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the juftice or juftices of the peace, before whom the convidtion ihall have been had, and to the clerk to the faid commiffioners, and within four days after fuch notice enter into recognizance, before fome juftice of the peace for the faid county, with two fufficient fure-ties, conditioned to try fuch appeal, and abide the Order of, and . to pay fuch cofts as (hall be awarded by, the juftices at fuch quarter feffion; and the juftices at fuch feffion, upon due proof of fuch notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch recognisance, (hall hear and finally determine the caufes

and

Hosted by Google

39

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGH IIL c. 10.

and matters of fuch appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch cofts to the parties appealing, or appealed againft, as they the faid juftices. (hall think proper; and the determination of fuch quarter feffton lhall be final, binding, and conclufive to all intents and purpofes.

LVIL And be it further enabled, That no order made touch- Proceedings ing or concerning any of the matters in this adt contained, or notn^for any proceedings to be had touching the convidtion or convic- ^antofform. tions of any offender or offenders againft this adt, (hall be quaffed for want of form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at IVeftminfter; and that where any diftrefs (hall be made for any fum or fums of money to be levied by virtue of this adt, the diftrefs itfelf lhall not be deemed to be unlawful; nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaflers, on account of any defedt or want of form in the fummons, convidtion, warrant of diftrefs, or other proceedings relating thereto, nor (hall fuch party or parties be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaffers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which (hall be afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining, but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity (hall and may recover full fatisfadtion for the fpecial damage (if any) in an adtion upon the cafe; but no plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall recover in any adtion for fuch irregularity as aforefaid, if tender of fufficient amends hath been made, by or on behalf of the party diftraining, before fuch action brought.

LVIII. And be it further enabled. That if any fuit or adtion Perfons pro-(hall be profecuted againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing fecuted may done in purfuance of this adt, fuch perfon or perfons may plead ™aera\ ^ue the general iffue, and give this adt, or the fpecial matter, in s evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by authority of this adt; and if a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difcontinue his, her, or their adtion or actions after iffue joined, or if, on demurrer or other wife, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have the and recover like remedy for the fame as any defendants have by law in other treble cofts. cafes; arid though a verdidt (hall be given for any plaintiff, in any fuch adtion or fuit as aforefaid, fuch plaintiff (hall not have Cofts againft the defendant, unlefs the judge, before whom the trial (hall be, (hall certify his approbation of the adtion, and of the verdidt obtained thereupon.

LIX. And be it further enadted, That all adtions, fuits, and Limitation of profecutions, to be commenced againft any perfon or perfons a&ione. for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, (hall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fadts were committed, and (hall be commenced within fix calendar months after the fadt committed, and not otherwife.	>	c

LX. Arid be if further enadted. That this adt (hall be deemed Publick adt..

D 4	a	pub-

Hosted by Google

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii 111* C. io. [1785,

a publick j and be taken notice of as fuch in all courts, and by all perfons whom foe vcr.

The S C H E D U L E to which this Aft refers.

Form of Mortgage upon the County Rates, far fecuring the Money borrowed*

of the commtjf oners for executing certain powers in an aft paffied in the twenty fifth year of the reign of bis majefty King George the Third\ intituled, An a<5t for building a new gaol, a penitentiary houfe, and certain new houfes of corre&ion, for the county of Gloucefier, and for regulating the feme, being affembled at a meet-ing, of which the faid	is chairman,

held under the faid aft, at	on	the

day of	one thoufand feven hundred and ^	^ ^	,

do hereby mortgage and charge all the rates to be raifed within the faid county, under the defcription of county rates, by the laws now in being, with the payment of the fum of	which

of	hath	propofed	and

agreed io lend, and hath now aftually advanced and paid, towards defraying the expence of building the faid new gaol, penitentiary houfe> and houfes of correftion, and of otherwife carrying the faid aft into execution; and we do: hereby confirm and ejlablifb the faid mortgage and charge hereby made unto the faid his executors, adminijlrators, and affigns, for fecuring the repayment of the faid fum of	and interejlfor

the fame, after the rate of	per	centum	per

annum, and do order the treafurer to the faid commijfioners to pay the interejl of the faid fum of	half-yearly,	as	the

fame f hall become due, until the principal Jhall be difcharged, purfuani to the directions of the faid aft.

'1	'

Form of Charge upon the Qounty Rates* for fecuring the Annuities.

WE, &c. [as in the form of the mortgage] do hereby, in con-Jideratton of the fum of	which

of	hath	propojed	and agreed to pay, and hath

now aftually advanced and paid, towards defraying the expence of building the faid new gaol, penitentiary houfe, and houfes of correction, and of otherwife carry ing the faid aft into execution, charge and wake chargeable all the rates to be raifed within the faid county, under the defcription of county rates, by the laws now in being, with the payment to the faid	his	executors, admini-

strators, and affigns, of one annuity or yearly fum of for the term of	years [or, the life of the faid

years [or, the life of the faid as the cafe may require] \ and we do

hereby

Hosted by Google

4*

1785*] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 11—15*

hereby confirm and ejlablifb the f aid annuity or yearly fum unto the /aid	his	executors, adminifirators, and aj/igns,

and do order the treafurer to the /aid commijfioners to pay the /aid annuity or yearly fum half-yearly, as the fame Jhall become due, pur-fuant to the directions in the faid aft.

CAP. XI.

An aft for railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice.of the year one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-five.—? 1,500,0001. railed as by malt aft of this feffion.

CAP. XII,

An aft for railing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills* for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-Rvc. —«* 1,000,0001. raifcd more as by malt aft of this feffion. *

C A P. XIII.

An aft for repairing the highways, bridges, and ferries, in the county

of Perth.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for draining and preferving certain low lands, within the parifh of Timberland, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. XV.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of feveral afts relating to the harbour of Liverpool; and for making two additional docks and piers in or near the port of Liverpool.

, Recital of 8 Annae, c. 12. for making a dock at Liverpool, and enabling the truftees to borrow 6,qoq1. Aft 3 Geo. 1. for enlarging the term granted by the recited aft, and for borrowing 4,0001. more. Recital of 11 Geo. 2. c. 31. for enlarging the,term and powers of the former afts, and for borrowing 6,0001. more for making an additional wet dock and dry pier. Recital of an aft z Geo. 3. for enlarging the term and powers of the former afts, and for borrowing 25,0001. for paying former debts, and building another dock. Recital that another wet dock, &cf hath been built purfuant to the faid aft. 22,5501. now due io creditors. The prefent docks are not fufficient to hold the ftiipping,

Two Other wet docks requiflte. Corporation of Liverpool have con-trafted to purchafe the fcite of feveral timber yards, and other ground, on the weft fide of Wapping ftreet, there extending fouthwardly from the duke pf Bridgewater's yard and dock, up to Toxteth Park; out of which grounds to be appropriated, viz. beginning at the northerly boundary of Toxteth Park, and running from thence northwardly 260 yards;

:	apd	from	Wapping weftwardly ii5\yards for one dock; and for the

4»ther, a flip Or the wefternmoft pairt^of thejaid purchafed premifes, ex-? tending from the duke of Bridgewater's yard and dock fouthwardly 386 yards, and in breadth 45 yards; for which, or fo much as fhall be to appropriated, the corporation to be paid in proportion to their pur-chafe. And for a bafon for both the faid docks, it is agreed to appropriate a piece of wafte ground, lying to the weftward of the former, extending from the duke of Bridgewater’s dock and yard fouthwardly 45* yards; from June 1, 1785, to be appropriated for the new docks ahd bafon. Power to the common council to ereft two new docks.

The

Hosted by Googk

Anno vicefimoquinto Georgii III. C. i	[1785.

The duties continued, from the expiration of the term in ad a Geo. 3, for forty*one ye&rs. 70,000!. to be raifed by virtue of this ad, fubjed to all pripr incumbrances. Application thereof, firft for expences of the ad, then to pay former debts, and after for making, eredine, building, and finifhing fuch docks, piers, and other works, as this addireded; and for maintaining, &c. the three prefent wet docks, and the buoys and land-marks, beacons, or perches, Sec. ereded in purfuance of former, or this ad, and to pay the purchafe money to the corporation. One third of the duties to be paid for ever. Refervation to the corporation of the ground not ufed for the docks. Property of the docks, &c. vetted in the truftees. Extenfion of all the claufes relating .to the other docks, to the two intended docks, &c. Saving of rights of the corporation of Liverpool, and all other perfons. Publick ad,

CAP, XVI.

An ad for taking' down the prefent market houfe, and certain other buildings, in the town of Uxbridge, for the purpofe of widening The High Street; and for paving the foot-ways, and lighting andcleanf-ing the ftreets and other places within the faid town, and removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein; and for changing the courfe of the road between Mercer’s Bridge and High Bridge; and for rebuilding the faid market houfe.

Powers of the ad to be exercifed by a majority of truftees, who may appoint officers, and allow them falaries, and to take fecurity from their treafurer, and may treat for the purchafe of boufes, &c. Incapacitated perfons impowered to fell and convey. If fuch perfons refufe to treat, Sec. a jury to be fummoned. Jurors may be challenged. Verdid of jury, &c, to be binding ; and to be regiftered. Sheriff, Sec. negleding his duty, may be fined 101. jurymen 51. On payment of purchafe money, premifes to be conveyed. On default thereof, or if any defed in the title, the purchafe money to be placed out for the ufe of the perfons entitled thereto. Purchafe money for premifes in fettlement, to be laid out to the like ufes. Truftees having obtained pofleffion of houfes, to caufc the fame to be pulled down, and materials fold, for the purpofes of the ad. After the ftreet is widened, truftees to caufe a market place to be fet out, and market houfe built. New market houfe, when built, vetted in the lords of the manor of Uxbridge. Power to change the courfe of the road. Pavements, &c. vetted in the truftees. Truftees impowered to caufe the ftreets to be paved, &c. No perfon to alter the pavement. Power to provide lamps. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps, &c. not more than 408. nor lefs than 10s. Perfons accidentally breaking lamps, Sec. to make good the damage. Sign9, &c. to be regulaN ed. Truftees not to remove trees, &c. where the carriage-way is thirty feet wide. Application of the money fubferibed to pay expences, and the overplus (if any) to be laid out for the benefit of fubferibers. Sta-e tute duty and compofition, and contribution in lieu thereof, to continue to be performed and paid. Surveyor to be appointed. Surplus of the compofition and contribution money (after repairing the roads) to be applied in paving the foot-ways, Stc. Penalties and forfeitures to b,e recovered by diftrefs and fale of goods, and to be applied for the purpofes of the aft, Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions; giving fourteen days notice. Limitation of aftiona. General iffue. Treble cofts. Not to diminifti the rights of the lords of the manor, Publick aft.

CAR

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 17,18.

C A R XVII.

An aft to enable the houfe of commons to authorize the feleft com-mittee, appointed to try the merits of the petition of the honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, complaining of an undue election for the county of Bedford, to proceed in cafe the faid feleti committee Jball be reduced to a lefi number than is prefcribed by an aft, made ' in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An ad to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to ferve in parliament.

HE R E A S the feleft committee appointed to try and deter- Preamble. mine the merits of the petition of the honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, complaining of an undue election and return for the county of Bedford, have made a conftderable progrefs in the matters to them referred, but are now, by the indifpofttion of two of the members of the faid feleft committee, reduced to thirteen; and if the faid committee Jhould be further reduced, by the_ indifpofttion or death of any of the members remaining on the faid feleft committee, the fame would be dijfolved, which would be attended with manifejl injury and' inconvenience io the parties concerned; be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conferit of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if the faid feled committee (hall, by jhe indjlpofi- If the com^ tioft or death of any of the faid members of the faid feled com- miHttee be mittee, be further reduced to eleven, it (hall be lawful for the the houf^of1* houfe of commons, upon application made to them for that commons purpofe, to authorise and direft the faid feled committee tomaydired proceed in the matters referred to them, and report upon the	to Pr°*

fame; which report fhall be deemed to be as valid as if the	report,

number of the faid feled committee had not been reduced to eleven ; any thing in an ad made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An aft to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to ferve in parliament jf, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

C A P. XVIII.	j

An aft to impower the juflices of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery of Newgate for the county fl/’Middlefex, to continue to hold a fejfion of gaol delivery ^Newgate, begun to be holden before the ejfoign day of term, and fitting of the king's bench at Weftmin-fter, notwithfianding the happening offuch ejfoign day, or the fitting of the faid court of king's bench at Weftmmfter, or elfetvhere in the faid county ^Middlefex.

HE REAS, by the prefent law of this realm, the power Preamble and authority of juflices, appointed and authorifed under and by virtue of any commiffion of oyer and terminer, or any commiffion of gaol delivery awarded into and for any county or place3 are fufpended

h

43

Hosted by Google

44	Anno	vicefimo	quinto	Georgii	III. c. 19. [1785,

by the coming and fitting of his Majefiy’s court of king’s bench in fuch county or place: and whereas it hath oftentimes happened that the’ gaol of Newgate in London hath not been delivered of all the pri-foners in it> nbr the bufinefs of a Jeffion of gaol delivery of the faid gaol ^ Newgatethe county of M id d 1 e fe x, finally concluded before the ejfoign day of term, and the fitting of his faid Maj.efiys court of king’s bench at Weftminfter in the faid county of Middlesex, by reafon whereof divers prifoners in the [aid gaol 0/Newgate have remained untried at fuch fejfion, and have been kept and continued in the faid gaol until the following fejfion, to the great inconvenience of the publick, to the mdnifefi hindrance and delay of juflice, to the prevention of fpeedy and condign punifhment being inflicted on offender sx and to the great increafe of the number of prifoners confined in the faid gaol, from which the mofl alarming and dangerous confequences are at times dreaded and likely to enfue: may it therefore pleafo your Majefty that it may be enalted 5 and be it enalted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, hy and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this, prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. After May 3, That, from and after the third day of May, one thoufand feven if8 aoWte0” hundred and eighty-five, when any feflion of oyer and terminer IfreryofNew- an^ delivery of the faid gaol of Newgate for the faid county gate for Mid- of Middlefex9 fliall have been begun to be holden before the dlefex, not to effoign day of any term, that the feme feflion (hall and paay be **	continued	to	be	holden,	and	the	buiinefs	thereof finally con-

fitting of the	notwithftanding	the	happening	of fuch elToign day of

cm^rt of any term* or the fitting of his Majefty’s faid court of king’s, kiwg’s bench, bench at Weftminfler, or elfewhere in the faid county of Middle-fex\ and that all trials, judgements, proceedings, alts, deeds, matters and things whatsoever, and all proceedings, alts, deeds, matters and things, in purfuance of fuch judgements had, made, and done at fuch feflion fo continued to be holden after the efloign day of any term, or the fitting of his fajd Majefty’s court of king’s bench at Weflminfler, or elfewhere in the faid county of MiddhfeXy (hall be good, valid, and effectual in law, and deemed, reputed, and taken to be fo, to all intents and, purpofes whatfoever; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding,

Publick	II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That

this alt (hall and (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick alt.

C A P. XIX.

An aft for appointing commiffioners to enquire into the fees, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the fever al publick offices therein mentioned; to examine into any abufes which may ex if in the fame; and to report fuch cbfervations as Jhall occur to them9 for the better condufting and managing the bufinefs tranfafted in the faid offices.

Preamble. W/ HERE AS it is highly expedient for the publick fervicey YV . that an enquiry fhould be made refpefting the expences in the

different

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo qufoto Geo&gii III. c. tg*	^5

different offices and departments of bis Majeftfs government herein* after mentioned, and the fees, gratuities* perquifites, and emoluments* received and taken therein, with a view to Juch regulations as /ball be judged expedient and proper for the correction of abufes which may have arifen, and to effieCf fuch favings as may be made in each \ that is to fay* The offices and departments under the management of the commiffioners of his Majeftfs treafury, the commiffionersfor executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, his Majeftys principal fecretaries offate, the majler general, the lieutenant general, the purveyor general, and officers compofing the board of ordnahee* the paymafter general of his Majeftys forces, his Majefty's fecretary at war, the treafurer of his Majeftfs navy, the commiffioners of his Majejiys navy, the commiffioners for victualling his Majeftys navy, the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpec~ lively, the commiffioners of the excife in England and Scotland re-fpeClively, the commiffioners for fick and hurt feamen, the commtf-Jioners for taxes, the commiffioners for Jiamps, the commiffioners for fait duties, the poftmafter general, the furveyor general of the land revenue, the auditors of the land revenue, the furveyor general of Woods and for efts, the commiffioners for hackney coaches, and the com-fniffitohers for hawkers and pedlars: be it therefore enafted by the fCing’s moll: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, for the Lords of the office of the treafury, for the office of paymafter general of his treafury, kc. Majefty’s forces, the offices of cuftoms and excife in England turnJJffees and Scotland refpeclively, the offices of taxes, (lamps, and fait &c, taken in’ duties, the offices of the poftmafter general, furveyor general, their refpec-and auditors of the land revenue, furveyor general of the woods tive depart-and forefts, and alfo for the offices for hackney coaches, and for hawkers and pedlars, refpe&ively; that the commiffioners floner8 Prefer executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, in-after nam-for the admiralty, for the treafurer of the navy, for the offices ed. of the navy and victualling, and for fick and hurt feamen, re-fpe&ively; and the principal fecretaries of (late for their feveral offices, the matter general of the ordnance for the office of ordnance, his Majefty’s fecretary at war for his office, (hall, with all convenient fpeed, lay the returns of the fees, gratuities, perquifites, arid emoluments, ufually taken, demanded, or received, by any clerk or officer within any of the before-mentioned offices or departments refpe&ively, or copies thereof, together with copies of the annual eftabli foments', and alfo of the incident bills for defraying the contingent expences of the faid offices or departments, as they refpedively flood in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, or in fuch preceding and fubfequent years as they (hall judge mod convenient, before fir John Dick baronet, and William Mollefon efquire, comptrol- Names of lers of the army accounts, together with Francis Baring efquire, commiffion-who are hereby conflicted commiffioners for making the en-ers: quiries intended by this a<5t: and that the faid commiffioners, their duty.

or

Hosted by Google

^dSmo qdritib	Ilf.	€.19. [178^*

dir any two of them, (hall, arid they are hereby required to take into their confideration all the faid returns* eftablifhments, a\id . incident bills, arid (hall proceed thereupon according to fuch> Iriftruflions and directions as they (hall from time to time receive from the King’s moft excellent majefty in council; and the faid commiflioners (hall, from time to time, report and certify their proceedings, in writing under the hands and feals of them* or any two of them, to the king in council, upon each office or department, fpecifying what officers and clerks belong to or are employed in the fame, and what is the duty, fervices, and attendance required of them, together with the fees, gra* tuities, perquifites, and emoluments* which the faid officers and clerks, or their fubftitutes or under clerks, may or ought lawfully to have and take for or in refpeCt of their feveral offices and places; adding, at the fame time, fuch observations as (hall occur to them, and fuch plans, either for correction and improvement, or for abolifhing or regulating any of the faid fees* gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments, or for carrying into execution the general purpofes of this act, as may appear to them proper to be adopted for the time to come; and in particular, the faid commiflioners (hall, in all cafes in which they (hall be of opinion that any fees ought to continue to be taken in any of the faid offices or departments, confider and report whether it will be practicable to appoint a perfon to receive and diftribute the fame, under the directions of the feveral boards or principal officers, hi fuch mariner, and in fuch proportions, as (hall be hereafter fettled.

Commiffion- II. And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be ers may take ]awful to and for the faid commiflioners, or any two of them, o^oath^10118 anc* they are hereby impowered, authorifed, and required, to 9 examine upon oath (which oath they, or any two of them, are hereby authorifed to adminifter) the feveral perfons employed under the lords commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, the principal fecretaries of ftate, the matter general of the ordnance, and his Majefty’s fecretary at war, and the feveral perfons in any other of any of the offices or departments before mention-edj whom they (hall think fit to fummon at fuch time or times as (hall be fixed, on application to be made to the principals of the faid offices for fuch purpofe, and all other perfons who have had any dealings or tranfaCtions with the faid offices, or the reprefentatives of fuch perfons, whom the faid commiflioners* or any two of them, (hall thirik fit to examine, touching the fees, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments taken therein, and touching all other matters and things neceflary for the execution of the powers vetted in the faid commiflioners by this a6t; all which perfons are hereby required and direCled punctually to attend the faid commiflioners, at fuch time and place as lhafll be appointed, arid alfoto obferveand execute fuch orders and directions as the faid commiflioners, or any two of them', (hall make or give for the purpofes before mentioned.

III. And

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefiMo qiiltito GfioRgll ITI. C* 19*	47

III.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the arid may fend faid commiffioners, or any two of them, (hall be, and are here- for perfons, by impowered to examine into any corrupt and fraudulentpape1^’ an<i practices, or other mifcondu<9:, as far as relates to the purpofes recor 8* intended by thi^a^t, committed by any perfon or perfons concerned in the management of any of the offices or departments

herein-before mentioned : and, for the better execution of this prefent aCt, the faid commiffioners, or any two of them, are hereby authorifed to meet and fit, from time to time, in fuch place or places within the cities of London and Wejlminjler, as they (hall find mod convenient, with or without adjournment, and to fend their precept or precepts, under their hands and feals, for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and for fuch books, papers, writings, or records relating to any of the offices or departments herein-before mentioned, as (hall be neceffary for carrying into execution the purpofes of this act.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That the faid commiffioners, Commiflion* named in this aCt, before they enter upon the execution of the £rs t0 be fame, lhall take an oath, before the chancellor of the exche- worn* quer for the time being (which he is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter), the tenor whereof (hall be as followeth;

that is to fay:

I A. B. do /wear, That, according to the heft of my fkill and know- Their oath, ledge, I will faithfully* impartially, and truly, execute thefeveral powers and trujh vejled in me by an aft for appointing commiffioners to enquire into the fees, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the feveral publick offices therein mentioned 5 to examine into any abufes which may exift in the fame; and to report fuch obfer* vaticns as (hall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the bufinefs tranfa&ed in the faid offices; according to the tenor and purport of the faid aft.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaicf,

That in cafe any perfon or perfons, upon examination upon Penalty on oath before the faid commiffioners refpeCtively, as before men- giving falfe tioned, (hall wilfully and corruptly give falfe evidence, every evidence, fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convicted,

(hall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, fubjeCt and liable to fuch pains and penalties as, by any law now in being, perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjeCt and liable to.

VI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,	7

That in cafe of a vacancy or vacancies by death or refigna- On death, &c. tion of any one or more of the faid eommiffioners, during the ofacomraif-continuance of this aCt, it (hall and may be lawful for his Ma- Majeftymay jefty to nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as he may appoint a fuc-think proper, to Cupply fuch vacancy or vacancies; and that ceffor. every perfon fo nominated and appointed (having taken the oath of office above mentioned) (hall be held and conlidered to

be

Hosted by Google

4?

Continuance of this adt.

Anno vieefimo qbrnto Georgii III. c. 20,21. [ 1785.

be inverted with all the fame powers as are delegated to the commiffioner appointed by this ain whofe room fuch perfon is fo nominated.'

VII.	And be it further ettadted* That this a£t (hall continue in force until the end of the next feffion of parliament.

CAP. XX.

An adt for appointing commiffioners to put in execution an adt of this feffion of parliament, intituled, " An adt for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to bfe raifed in Great Britain, for the Fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five;” together with thofe named in three former adts for appointing commiffioners of the iand tax, arid with thofe named in the land tax adt of the twenty-third year of his Majefty's reigti, arid in the land tax adt of this feffioii of parliament.

C A P. XXt.

An adt to render more effedtual feveral adts of parliament, for eredting hofpitals and workhoufes, within the city and county of the city of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the poor there; and to raife further fums of money for the better carrying the purposes of the faid adts into execution.

Recital of 9 & 10 Gul. 3. private adt, No. 33. Adt of yt Gteoi 2. C. 53. a Geo. 3. c. ao. refpedting militia. 14 Geo. 3. c. 61. impowering corporation of the poor to raife further money* Not more than 3,3001. per ann. raifed in purfuance of the laft adt. Corporation impowered to raife 8,6601. within a certain time. Not more than 2,2001. to be raifed in either of the two firft, nor in any fuceeeding year more than 1,1001. to be raifed by the governor, &c. of the poor of Exon, by an equal taxation. To be applied towards difcharging debts, &d. Parifh officers to colledt, and on nonpayment to diftrain and imprifori. Yearly meetings to raife money on the fecond I'uefday in June yearly, deficiency arifirig by nonpayment of afleffments, to be certified refpedtively to the corporation; and to be made good by re-aflefiment. Corporation impowered, in cafe of negledt or refufal of the mayor, juftices, &c. to ifiue their warrants for levying affefTments, to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale. Corporation to afcertain what weekly, monthly, or other fu.m necefiary for maintenance of the poor. No perfon to be abated in afTefT-ment, fo as to reduce the fame under the weekly rate of two-pence, unlefs upon application to the mayor, juftices, &c. Claujfe in former adt refpedting charitable gifts, $cc. repealed. Disqualification of guar-dians, if made aldermen, or removing out of city or county for one year, or do not attend courts for one year, or be bankrupt, or difcharg-ed as an infolvent debtor, or compound his debts, or do not pay 3d. per week poors rates. Out-patients of the Devon and Exeter hofpital to be maintained by their refpedtive parifhes. In-patients to be provided with clothes by their refpedtive parifhes. Recital that the annual in-- come of 3,3001. is inefficient for the poor. Commiffioners to be eledted by their refpedtive parifhes. If no 'inhabitant within any particular parifh qualified to be elected commiffioner, power to eledt from any other parifh. Names of commiffioners to be returned to the clerk of the corporation, who is to enter the fame in a book to be kept for the pur-pofe. New eledtion, in cafe of death, or difqualification of commif-lioners. Commiffioners to be fummoned to attend meetings. Com-miffioners to be convened at a general court before any money levied above the annual afiefiment of 3,3001. and 8,6ooi. If commiffioners negledt to attend general court, or be equally divided in opinion, dr negledt to determine on the fum to be borrowed, corporation to apply to the quarter feffions. Treafurer to account within fix months after

Hosted by

Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo qulntd dEORdii HI* c. 22<	49

the ekpiration of his office, or in default to be committed; Commif-(iofters impose red to infpeft accounts, and vifit workhoufes, & c. If guardians negie& to attend, commiffioners may vifit, and make report.

No perfon to fupply the workhotife with any kind of provifions, liquors, articles of manufacture, li ten fi ls,'or other matters, above 50I. in a year, tinlefs by public* contract. Penalties and forfeitures to be levied by diftrefs. Perfons or parishes over-rated may appeal to the quarter fef-fions. The mayor, dec. of Exon to convey the tolls of the market for fecurity of any money for fetting the poor id work. Continuation o# former a&s. This a<5t not to annul proceedings under former ads.

Charges of this att to he paid out of the firff money arifing thereby.

Limitation of a£tichi$ in fix months. General iffue. Treble cofts.

Pubiick a6K

C A P. XXII.

yfn aft for repealing fo much of an aft made in the IdJj fejfton of parliament as relates to the dijl illation of corn fpiriis in /mall fills, iti certain counties or diftrifts of the highlands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland ; and for authorifmg the commif-fioners of excife in Scotland to grant, licences, to perfons living in the /aid counties or dtftrxfts, to diftil fpints from barley, bear, or bigs the growth of the faid counties > and fdr impofmg a duty on fuch licences.

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the lajl fejfton of parliament. Preamble (intituled, An a<$l to difeontinue, for a limited time, the *4 Geo. 3. payment of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home con- c. 46. recited lumption, and for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties iti lieu thereof 5 and for the bdttei* regulation of thd making and vending Britijh fpirits, as well for home confump-tion as for exportation; and for deftroying all home made and foreign fpirits, after the condemnation thereof; and for vetting in his Majefty the duties of excife within the lands of Ferintojh, in the county of Invernefs; and for difeontinuing, for a limited time, certain impofts and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the IVeft Indies) ; it was, among other things, enafted, That it Jhould and might be lawful for the commissioners of the excife, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or the major part of them, not with [landing the feveral former afts and flatutes then fub-ftfling in relation to the diflilling and manufacturing fpirits from cor n> and notwithjlaniing.the provijoes and regulations in that aft, to authorize and impower Juch number of perfons as they Jhould judge proper and expedient, within the highland parijhes or dt/lrifts of the counties, therein-mentioned, to ere ft, hep, and work fills, the cubical contents of which, including the head, Jloould not exceed twenty gallons, Englifh meafure, or at the mojl thirty gallons, nor in any cafe be of lefs than the ftrjl mentioned fize: and whereat it now appears that the purpofes which the fatd aft was intended to anfwer, with refpeft to the revenue, and the improvements of agriculture in the parijhes and dijl rifts aforefaid, have been in a great meafure defeated by the variety of rejlfiftions therein contained, and particularly by the:

Jize of the fills being too fmaU^bt it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent ma^^^by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritn#%nd temporal, and commons, in this Vol. XXX— -	E	prefer#

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

50	Anno	yicefimO	quinto	GEORGii III. C. 22. [17S5.

So much of prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, the recited That fo much of the faid ad as particularly refpe&s the high-' the'^hV Wands counties of Scotland, fhall be, arid the fame is hereby re-ot ScoHand,S Pealech arid that no a6tion for penalties incurred fhall be.brought repealed. * in terms thereof.

^ II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Licences may*That upon the fir.ll day of December, one thoufand feven hun-be granted dred and eighty-five, or as foon as may be in the courfe of that the commit- month> and fo from year to year thereafter, it (halband may be tionersofex- lawful to and for the commiflioners of his Majefty’s excife in cife in Scot- Scotland, or the major part of them, by licences under their land, within hands, to authorife perfons, qualified as herein-after mentioned, knd^counfies,	r^e	feveral	counties	of	Orkney, Gaithnefs, SutherlandRof$+

for di(tilling ’ Cromarty, Inverneft, Argyle, Bute, Stirlings Clackmannan, Perth, corn fprits. Dumbarton, Aberdeen, Forfar, Kincardine, Banff, Nairn, ' and .Elgin, (excepting thofe parts of the counties of Dumbarton, Stirling, Clackmannan, and Perth, hereki-after deferibed), to Size of the ere<ft, keep, and work ftills, the cubical contents of which re-ftills.	fpedively	(hall not be lefs than thirty, nor more than forty gal-

lons of Englijh meafure, including their refpedlive heads, and to diftil and draw off fpirits from the barley, bear, or big, of the growth of the laid counties, during the. term of one year, and for no longer or fhorter fpace, from the date of the corami (Tion or licence, and tp ufe, fell, and difpofe of the fpirits fo •difttileci, fubjedl to the reftridtions and regulations, and on payment of a compofition or licence duty at the rate of twenty (hillings, fterling for each Englijh gallon of the content of fuch ftill, for the fpace aforefaid, and that in place of the whole rates apd duties impofed on the diddling of corn fpirits, and upon the malt or grain from which the fpirits are extracted ; but declaring that the licenfed didillers (hall not be allowed any drawback or deduction from the above duty, on account of their, or either of them, having bought from any entered maltder any part of the malt to be ufed by them, and for which the ordinary duties upon malt have been paid, or are due.

III.	And, for the better afeertaining the perfons to whom fuch licences may be granted, the conditions under which they are to be obtained, and the powers of the commiffioners of excife, and others, with refpeft to the granting thereof, be it ena&ed by the authority The heritors afprefaia, That, within two months after the paffing of this to a^mble	t*le	^er*tors	of	each	parifh, within which fuch licenfed ftills

and make out are t0 be permitted, or perfons duly authorifed to a<ft for them* a lift of per- (hall aflemble in the paridi church, previous notice of the day fons proper to and hour and purpofe of fuch meeting being given by adVertife-e licenled. ment, figned by the collector of the excife of the bounds, and by one or more of the principal heritors of the pari(h, or their .factors, and affixed on the church doors for two Sundays preceding the day of meeting; and fhall proceed by a majority of the voices, not in point of number, but according to the extent 1 of their valued rents, (o that thofe who cohesively fhall have the greateft extent of valued rent, (hall be deemed to have the

majority

Google

I?85.] ArinG vicefimo quinto G&ofidil IIL c. 22.	51

iVikjority of voices, to make out.a lift of the perfons within the laid parifti to whom fuch licences may mod properly be granted ; which'lift the ptefes or clerk of the meeting (hall forthwith Lifts to be tranfmit to the commiffioners of excife at Edinburgh, and a copy tranfmitted thereof to the col lector of excife within whole bounds the faid parifti lies 3 and the faid commiffioners (hall have power to limit excife at the licences to.be granted, in confequence of the faid lifts, to Edinburgh, fuch number as they (hall judge the particular cifcumftances.	f

and population of each parifti or county (hall-require, provided —. the number be not lefs than two for each parifti, if fo many (hall be demanded b^the heritors; which bfring done, the faid com mi (boners (hall, without delay, return the faid lifts,’ fo approved of or reftriefted, to the different collectors of excife, with . orders to give immediate notice thereof, to the perfons te-whom licetices are to be granted, and to require them to ftnd fecurity, as hereih-after mentioned. '■

IV.	And be it enaefted. That, in all fucceeding years, the Heritors to heritors of each parifh (ball aftemble for the purpole of making ^Heirible,after out the lifts as aforefaid, in the firft or fecorid week of May, at yea^TnThe the parifti church, previous notice being given of the precife month ot* day and hour of meeting by advertifement on the two preced- May.

\ng Sundays as aforefaid ; which lifts (hall be tranfmitted to the commiffioners of excife, in the manner before directed, who ftiallv without delay, give notice to the refpe&ive collectors of excife of the bounds, to what extent the lifts are approved of, and who are to be intitled to licehces, on the firft. day of De-■ cember following, or as foon after as maybe in the courfe of that month ; and the collector or collectors (hall in like manner forthwith give the fame notice t6 the perfons who are to receive the licences: and if, from neglect or inattention, no lift (hall If heritors be tranfmitted from the heritors of any. parish to the faid com- ne£J<;<t to miffioners the faid commiffioners (hall neverthelefs give orders coamr^i^r^o1^-S, to the collectors of excife of the bounds to ifiue licences for the ers to lieenfe enfuing year to fuch perfons as they (hall think proper, the fuch perfons number of which perfons (hall not be lefs than two, as before as they think mentioned, if fo many are!‘demanded ; .and thofe perfons who Pl0Per* held them for the preceding year (hall have the preference, on . paying the former compoiition, and complying with the other regulation herein-after mentioned.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby fpecially provided and declared, That no licence (hall be granted to any per foil to Power of dreeft of work stny ftill under this a<3, within ten Engtijh ftatute grantinj? h; miles of any diftillery regularly entered according to the laws of ^ces lim ’ excife, and provided fuch entered di(filler has paid yearly, for

the tvVo preceding years, duties to the extent of eight hundred pounds (terling yearly^ and is going oh in the fame bufinefs; or who, being in that bufinefs, and within the diftance afore-ftidj (hall require the fuppreftion of a fmali ftill, and give obligation, with fufKcient fecurity, that the duty to be impofed upon the diftillery, carried on by him, her, or them, (hall amount to aMeaftThe faidf yearl/ funi 6f eight hundred pounds . v	""	E	2	fterling

Hosted by Cj oogle

5i

Certain con ditions to be complied with by every per-fon applying for«a hceffce.

Perfon s whdf are to obtain licences muft give proper fecurity to the collector of excife.

ticence to fpecrfy the name and re-fidence of the perfon who obtains it, with the fize of the ftill, -etc.

-Computation of the quantity of grain

Anno viceiimo quinto Georgii III. e. 22v [1785^

fterling for two years to come, the diftance to be computed By the ufual pubfick road, or by any ufual ferry or palfage by. water*

VI.	Provided alfa, That no perfon (hall be intitled to a licence under this ad who (hall not, at the time of his or her application, produce aVecbmmehdatton from the heritor on whofe property he or (he lives, or bis fador, and a certificate of his or her being a perfon of good charader, and reputed in good circumfiances, together with the name or names of the perfon or perrons propofed to be given as fecurity for the payment of the duty hereby impofed upon his licence, and of the further fum of fifty pounds fterling, to anfwer thefrpayment of fuch penalties as he or (he may incur.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That when the perfons who are to obtain licences in any particular parifh are thus afcer-tained, they (hall be obliged to find fecurity, to the fatisfadion of the colledor of excife of the bounds, that they (hall take out their licences at the time and in the manner before direded, and (hall make payment of one quarter of the faid licence duty at the time when the licence (hall be delivered to them, and of another quarter of the fame at the end of each three months then after, till the whole twenty (hillings is paid for the year’s licence; and in cafe they, or either of them, fail to give fuch fecurity, with at lead one cautioner bound for him, to the fatif-fadion of the colledor as aforefaid, the perfon fo failing (hall not be infilled to the licence, but in that cafe it (hall be in the power of the faid cqlledor to grant a fimilar licence to any other perfon within the fame pari(h who (hall appear to him fuffi-ciently qualified for the purpofe, and who is willing to pay and find fecurity as aforefaid, the colledor of excife always preferring thofe who have been recommended by the heritors; and that each licence fo to be iflued as aforefaid, (hall fpecify the name and place of refidence of the perfon who obtains it, the place at which the ftill is to be ereded, the fize of fuch ftill, together with an acknowledgement of the licence duty to the above extent being paid, and fecurity found for the penalty, as before direded.

VIII.	And whereas the faid privilege and exemption are hereby granted for the purpofe of promoting agriculture and improvement in the faid highland counties and diftricis, and for accommodating the inhabitants thereof with fpirits drawn from their own grain at moderate rates \ and it has been computed that a ftill of forty gallons, wrought in the manner known and praftifed in thofe diftrids of the countryy and during that part of the year in which it will commonly be in their power to work them, will manufacture into good fpirits two hundred and fifty bolls, Linlithgow meafurey of the barley, bear, or bigy of thefe countiej, and no more, which will producey at an average, one thoufand fix hundred and fixty gallons of pure fpirits, and that the produce of fmaller fiitts will be in a fimilar proportion; be it therefore enaded, That when a licence (hall be tak&n our, and the compofition duty paid, for a ftill of forty gallons, fuch

• *	duty

Hosted by Google

17&5.] Anno vkefimo quinto Georgii IIL c. 22^	53

4wty fhaU be held to be a compofitlon for the duty oa malt .to made into the extent of two hundred and fifty bolls, Linlithgow meafure, fp,rit8 yearly and no more, and for the duty on the fpirits manufactured in ^ Lllons1 fuch ftill to the extent of one thoufand fix hundred and fixty ancj Qf the* gallons Englijby and no more ; and when a licence {hall be taken fpirits pro-out., and the compofitlon duty paid, for any ftill of a lefler fize, duced there* the like proportion (hall be obferved both as to the quantity of *ronu malt, and the quantity of fpirits for which fuch duty fhall be held to be a compofitlon; and that for all malt which fhall be Duty to he ufed or made by fuch licenfed diftiller, over and above the faid and^1 quantity, and.for all fpirits which (1)ail be manufactured from fpirits ex-fuch ftills, over and above the quantity aforefaid, there fhall be ceeding thofe paid the fame duties to which the entered maltfter and diftiller quantities, are, by the laws of excife, liable.

IX.	And) for the more effectually fecurtng to his Majefly's revenue the payment of the above-mentioned duties, for all fpirits which the owners of fuch fills Jhall be able to manufacture beyond the quantity correfponding as aforefaid, to the fefpeCiive fizes of the fills, be it

enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the officers of excife Excife officers fhall at all times have full liberty to enter into and furvey the (^r^rnalT^ malt barns and-diftilleries belonging to fuch licenfed diftiller, barns and and to keep an exact account of the malt and fpirits manufac- diftilleries, tured therein, and to charge with the ufual duty all malt, made and charge or ufed therein, exceeding the quantity of two hundred apd fifty a^ffUch* bolls in the year, and all fpirits exceeding in quantity one thou- malt^etc^ land fix hundred and fixty gallons annually ; and that no fpirits manufactured fhall, from and after the faid firft day of December, one thou- therein, fand feven hundred and eighty-five, be allovyed to pafs or be From Dec. r, carried from one place to another within the counties or dif- ™ triCts aforefaid, to which counties or diftriCts the fale of the fpi- moved,wiUvf^ rits to be manufactured in the ftills to be licefifed under this aCt the before-is hereby exprefsly reftriCted, without being accompanied with mentioned a permit from the proper officer, exprefling the quantity fo per- diftricts, mitted to pafs, and alfo mentioning that the fame is the produce p^ndt.1 * pf a licenfed ftill; that the owner or owners of fuch licenfed ftill V pr ftills fhall, in confideration of the annual compofition paid by him, her, or them, be entitled to demand free permits, in the courfe of the year for which fuch licences are held, for the quantity of fpirits before exprefled as the produce of a ftill containing forty gallons, and for a proportional quantity if the ftill be of a lefler fize, but for no more, allowing them to pafs any where within the faid counties or diftriCts; and ip fo far as permits are demanded for a greater quantity, they fhall only be obtained on payment of the duties chargeable by law on the entered diftiliers and maltfters.

X.	And, for the more effectually preventing the fpirits ivhich may be dif Hied by virtue of this a Cl, from interfering with or prejudicing the trade of the entered dfillers, who carry on their bufmefs fubjeCt to the payment of thofe duties which are impofed by the laws of excife;

be it enacted. That no ftill fhall be licenfed in the counties of No ftills to

Dumbartonr Stirling, Clackmannan, and Perth9 to the eaft or hcenfed ------	£3	rlght	certain parts

Google

54

of the counties of Dumbarton, Stirling^ etc.

Spirits,, the produce of licenfed ftiils, removed to the foUtherri parts of the kingdom, liable to feizure,

Penalty on {icenfed .dif? tillers for ■having ?h |heir ppffef-fiori ftills larger than thofe compounded for;

or on difppf-ipg of any malt, tic.

Anno vicefitno quinto Geqrqii III. c. zz* [1785,

right hand of a line beginning at the boat of Babel), wherg L<$h Lomond run^ into the rivpr Levtn, and proceeding along the. gre^t military road from thence by Bqcklivie, to the town of Stirling; and from thence along the great road called Hillfooft Roqd, on the fouth fide of the Uchell Hills, till it meets with the great road from Kinrofs to Perth, and along the fame till it comes Jo the bridge of Earn, arid along the water of Earn till, it$ junction with tfie river Tay, and along that river till it joins the German ocean; and that no fpirits, the produce of fuch li-cenfed ftills, (hall be allowed tp pafs, either with or without permit, into the fouthern parts of the kingdom, either by land acrofs the line above exprefled, or by water carriage frpm the coafts or ports of any of the counties mentioned in this ad; and that all fpirits, diftilled to the weft and north of the above line, the produce of fuch licenfed ftills, or not produced by ftills entered in the manner direded by the laws or excife, thaj (hall be found pafting tp or in other parts of the kingdom, either with or vyithpuf permit, (hall be liable to feizure by the proper officers, to be difpofed of by them in the fame manner as other fpirits fo feifed are direded to be difpofed of by the laws of exqfe.

Ttj. And it is hereby enaded J>y the authority a fore fa id. That every ficenfed djftiller haying; in his poflefliori or ufing a ftill of larger dirnenfipns than thofe for which he fias obtained a licepce, and paid a compofitipn, .(hall be fubjed to a further duty of two pounds fterling for each gallon fuch (till (haft cop-? tain^ over and above the quantity fpecified in his licence 5 and if fuch furplqs (ball exceed three gallons Englifo, he (hall forfeit fiich ftill, and all the utenfils thereto belonging, together with his licence, and be liable to a penalty of twepty pounds fterling stnd further, if he (hall be coriyided of having in his poflefliori any other ftill than that for which he has obtained a licence, hp (ball in like manner forfeit his licence, and be fubjed to a penalty of fifty pounds fterling, and fuch unlicenfed ftill (hall be feifed and forfeited; and every licenfed diftiller, who (hall be convided of ufing "any grain, not the growth of the counties qbove-nientionpd^ 9t feme one of them, (hall forfeit five (hillings per bufhel for all fuch grain or malt, and (hall in like manner forfeit his ftilpand utenfils, and his licence.

XII.	And it is hereby declared. That no licenfed diftiller Q£

diftillers (hall fell or difpofe of any malt, under any pretepee whatever, nor have in his, her, or their ciiflpdy, any corp fpirits other than thofe of their own manufadure, unfefs thp fame (hall have been purchafed frpm an entered or licenfed di£-tiller, and accompanied with a regular permit > and if fie, (he, or they, (hall ad contrary hereto, he, (lie, or they, (hall forfeit their licepce apd utenfils, and double the value ot the laid malt ?nd fpirits.	^

XIII.	jpd whereas the licenfed diJUUcr is intitled by this aft to (i free permit 10 the extent of one them Jan4 fvc hundred and fixty gallons 'of fpirits, for aJiill of forty gallons, and fq in poporiiot\ JoT cne of

\ v ^	‘	**'	$	I'M

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 22.	55

a leffer fizey being the full quantity for which the above compofition No. fpirits to is meant to be paid; it is declared, That no fpirits fhall be re-he removed moved from the place they are diftilled at, without a permit ; and that all fpirits carrying from one place to another, without jeci without a permit, fhall be feifed and forfeited.	permit.

XIV.	Andy in order1 the more effectually to prevent the ufe of jlills of any other fize than thofe allowed by the laws of excifey or thofe authorized by this ably and the dfi tiling of corn fpirits by any perjbis other than thofe qualified according to laWy or ivko jhall hold licences

in purfuance of this ably be it enaded, That, from and after the Directions palTing of this ad, no ftill (hall be made or offered to fale for rel^e t<ithe home ufe, without having ftamped or engraved thereon the ^g,ng p maker’s name, and place of refidence, with its cubical content exprelfed by the number of gallons, under a penalty of ten pounds fterling on the maker or feller of every ftil} made or fold contrary to this provifion \ and alfo, that all ftills made for the ufe of chymifts, druggifts, or perfumers, lhall in the fame manner be marked, ChymiftSy Druggijlsy or Perfumers Still; and that no perfon fhall fell, for home ufe, a ftill of the dimenfions permitted to be licenfed by this ad, except to perfons who pof-fefs licences in purfuance thereof, or on feeing a certificate, from the colledor of the bounds, of their licence being ordered by the commiffioners of excife; and further* That if any ftill Stills made fhall be found, on the faid firft day of December next, in the contrary pofleffion of any perfon refiding within any of the before-men-tioned counties or dlftrids, not having the name and place of ddtroyed. the maker, its contents, or number of gallons, exprefTed upon it as herein-before direded ; or if. its dimenfions be of a kind not allowed by law to be ufed in the diftillation of corn fpirits, not marked as a druggifts, chymifts, or perfumers ftill, fuch ftill (hall be liable to feizure by any officer or officers of excife, who are hereby direded to deftroy the fame; and the materials of all fuch illegal ftills, fo feifed and deftroyed, fhall be fold by or under the diredion of the colledor of the bounds, and the money arifing from fuch fale fhall be difpofed of in like manner as the penalties herein-after mentioned are direded to be difpofed of.

XV.	And be it further enaded. That the licenfed diftiller. Stills how to on the expiration of his licence, unlefs the fame fhall be renewed bedifpofedof, within eight days after fuch expiration, fhall be obliged to de* piration^f^ pofit his ftill with the officer of the diftrid, or to difpofe of it licence.

in the view and prefence of the faid officer, to fome other perfon taking out a licence, or to the original maker thereof; and in cafe of his failing fo to do, or ufing the faid ftill during the faid eight days, he fhall be cortfidered as an illicit diftiller, and be liable to the fame penalties.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That the commiffioners of excife may withdraw the licences, Commiflion-or reftrid their number, in all or any of the counties before- ers of excife mentioned, during the courfe of any year, upon ap application {ic^n^gh ^rraw from the commiffioners of fupply of fuch county, affembled at reftrict their ^	E 4	-	a	meeting	number,upon

Hosted by

Google -

fjippiy.

56	Anno	vicefimo	quintp GeoRGII III. c.23.	[1785^

app ication a meeting previoufly advertifed and called for the purpofe, by from the cpm- the convenor of the county, certifying, as the ground of fuch miffiopprs of application, that there arc probable grounds for apprehending a fcarcity of grain; and in cafe the licences (hall be withdrawn^ the licenfed diftiliers (hall be refpe<dively intitled to a return or abatement of a proportion of the duty which had been paid for fuch licences; and in cafe a reftridion only (hall be impofed, fuch reftridion to be proportionably laid on all {he parifhes of the county.

Penalties and XVII. And it is hereby further enaded, That all penalties forfeitures and forfeitures impofed by this ad, (hall gnd may be fued for co^red^and6" ^e^ore ?nY two ^]S Majefty’s juftices of the peace within the applied. ^ county where the offence (hall be committed, whpfe fentence (hall be fubjed to review only by the juftices of the county in iheir quarter feflions, or before the barons of his Majefty’s court of exchequer, but before no other court; and that the faid penalty and forfeiture (hall be fued for and recoverable by any of the officers of excile, or any of the expedants of excife, or any member of the kirk feflion in the parifh within which the offender lives, or by any licenfed diftiller within the fame parifh pr county; and the one half of the faid penalties apd forfeitures (hall go to the poor of tfie parifh within which the offence is committed, and the other half thereof to the profecutor, and of limitation of which there (hall be no power of mitigation; and all adions 'adions. for the recovery thereof (hall be commenced within fix months after fuch offence has been committed/

CAP. XXIII.

An ad for better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the ftreets, lanes, yards, courts, alleys, and pafiages, within that part of the parifh of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondfey, in the county of Surrey, called The Water-fide Divifion, and for removing and preventing nuiTances, and annoyances therein; and for lighting and watching certain part$ of and belonging to the turnpike road leading* from the eaft end of New Street, in Southwark, to Deptford, in the county of Kcnt^ within the faid Water*fide Divifion of the faid parifh, therein mentif oned.

Commiffioners appointed for putting this ad in execution. Qualification of commifiioners, 50I. per anri. or i,oool. perfonal effcite. Penalty pn ading, not being qualified, 50I. Vidiiallers incapable ot being commiffioners. Meetings to confiflof 5 or more commifiioners. Adlourp-merits. Commifiioners to pay their own expences. Commifiioner8 may appoint officers, and allow them faiaries. Officers to account. If balance be not paid, it may be levied by diftrefs. On failure of dr-ftreis,etc. offender may be committed- Limitation of imprifonment, (ix months. Officers taking fees, or being interefted in any bargain, incapable of ferving, and to forfeit tool. Commifiioners impow^ ered to pave ail the ftrepts, Japes, yards, courts, alleys, and pafiages, within the faid divifion, of the faid parifh of Saint Mary Magdalen, Ber: mondfey!; and alfo to repair all the highways in the faid pari fit, not under the diredion of particular trufiees, lay virtue of any ad of parliar ment, and to caufe all to be cJeanfed, lighted, and watched; and may btrht and watch the turnpike road, and contrad for pavements, etc. purveyors to infped the works, and if contract not performed, adions fp be brought thereon, Materials may be dug out of or brought

■ -" ‘	'■	‘	*.......	'	■	itf

Hosted by Cj O

1785 ] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 23.

into ftreets, etc. Property pf all materials to be vetted in the commifli* pners. Penalty on interrupting workmen ;firft offence, 20s. fecond, 40s. and third, 3K Commiflioners may fell the old materials, and apply the money to the purpofea <of the a&. No alteration to be made in the form of the pavement, without confent of commiflioners. Commifliori-ers to provide watch-houfes, watch boxes, watchmen, and beadles. The duty of watchmen and beadles is to endeavour to prevent all mif-chiefs by fire, all murders, burglaries, robberies, difturbances, and breaches of the peace, and all outrages, mifdemeanors, indecencies, and diforders; and for that purpofe, without warrant, to arreft, and detain in the watch-houfe, or other convenient place, provided by the commiflioners within the faid Water-fide Divifion, all mhlefaftors, rogues, vagabonds, difturbers of the peace, and other diforderly perfons, found loitering, wandering, or mifbehaving, or committing diforders in or near the faid divilion, or whom the faid watchmen (hall have reafon or juft caufe to fufpeft of any evil defign, to be carried before a juftice of peace, to be examined and dealt with according to law. Commiflioners of fewers to make and repair grates, fewers,'and drains, and to call the fewers within the faid divilion. If comraiffioners of fewers negleft to do the works, commiflioners for pavements to do the fame, and recover expences. Commiflioners of paving to alter gutters, or channels in the ftreets. Lamp-irons may be fixed againft walls of houfes. Perfons wilfully damaging lamps, etc. may be feized without warrant, and to forfeit 5I. for each lamp, and pay damages, or may be committed to bard labour for fourteen days. Perfons accidentally damaging lamps, etc. to make fatisfa&ion. Commiflioners to employ perfons to cleanie, and to purchafe carts, etc. Penalty on laying allies, etc. in the ftreets ; firft offence, aos. fecond, 40s. and third, 3I. faving the right of the owner or occupier of the mill- pond there, who may call the. foil thereout as heretofore. Penalty on obftrufting the ftreets by carriages, etc. to forfeit 20s. and pay damages. Penalty on driving, etc. wheel-barrows, etc. oi> the foot pavement; for fir ft offence, 5s. fecond, 10s. and third, $os. Hoards, etc. may be made for building, by leave of the furveyor. Foot pavements to be fwept every day except Sundays. Houfes to be numbered, and names of ftreets to be affixed on the corner houfes. Signs, etc. regulated. . Penalty on, offenders, 5!. To remove the foil, at any time caft out of Saint Saviouris Mill-pond, within five days. If foil not removed within five days, the furveyor to remove the fame, and recover double the expence. Step9, etc. proje£ting too far to be removed. Commiflioners not obliged to pave highways. Rates, upon occupiers of hpufes," fliops, warehoufes, wharfs, dock-yards, or other yards, mill, mill-ponds, rope-walks, cellars, vaults, or other tenements in the faid divifion, whether occupied with land or not, and on every perfon occupying land therein, and on all occupiers of houfes, (hops, warehoufes, land, cellars, vaults, or other tenements in the divifion of the faid parifh of Bermondfey, called The Land-fide Divifion, on the fouth fide of the turnpike road, fo to be lighted, at the rate of as. 3d. in the pound on houfes, and gd. in the pound on land: and the houfes jn the occupation pf Samuel Read, Robert Lewis, Thomas Crout, William Randall, Thomas Child, Thomas Flowers, William Burrell, and John Keating, to be charged with the land held therewith, at 9d. in the pound. Half rates till paved. Rates to be figned by juftices. Owners of houfes, let out in tenements, to beaflefled, and to be paid by pny tepaftt, anc) deduced put of the rent. Meeting-houfes and void fpaces of ground to be rated at the diferetion pf the commiflioners, and to be paid by the proprietor, trpftee, treasurer, or minifter, or deacon officiating. Rates recoverable by action, with cofts. Occupiers quitting without paying rates may be followed, and by warrant their goods diftrained. 4ny perfon authorized by comraiffiohers to infpe<$£ parifh rfttes^ etc. Perfons paying this rate exempted from all pther expences 6f paving, etc. Pavements liable to be repaired by any pari fhes, corporations, or truftees of turnpikes, etc. to be repaved at their expence. The commiflioners may compound with fuch pari/hes, 3,000!. Hjay be borrowed on annuities. Annuities charged upon $e rates, and

r	82^

Hosted by'

/

58	Anno	vicefimo	quinto Gb.pR.GQ III. c. 24. [1785.

not Viable tp the land tax. When annuitants die, other annuities mAy be purchafed. Annuities may be affrgncd. As annuitants die, the rates to be lowered. Monies raifed veiled in the commiffioners. Expences qf paffiug this aft to be firft paid. Commiffioners may purchafe lands, etc. Monies in the hands ot the treafurers, receivers, or coile&ors, to be the firft paid in cafe of death. Power to repair or rebuild certain bridges over the Mill pond, viz. Folly Bridge, Water-lane Bridge, London ftreet Bridge, and the bridges at the weft and eaft end of Jacob-ftreet. Provifo for excluding Five foot Lane out of the ad. Penalties may he mitigated, but not to iefs than a moiety. Commiffioners to relay pavement taken up for repairing any vaults, drains, or pipes, and to be reimburfed by the party taking upiuch pavement. Power given to compound with commiffioners ot fewers. Action to be brought for ex-pences, of relaying any pavement. Penalty on negled of giving notice of taking up the pavement for 44 hours, aos. Commiffioners to pay for altering pipes. Ptrfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of goods* and in default of goods, to be committed for three months, and not left fhan fourteen days, or till paid, and to be applied for the purpofes of the 3$. Commiffioners may reward informers. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends hath been made. Minute book to be kept. Juftices impowered to adminifter oaths. Commiffioners who are juftices may ad as fuch. Proceedings not to be quaftied for want of form. Inhabitants may be witnefles. Limitation of actions, in fix months. General iffue. Treble cofts. Pub-; lick ad.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft to repeal fo much of an aft made in the laft feffion of parliament* as impofes duties on all fluffs made of cotton and linen mixed, ' and fluffs wholly made of cotton wool wove in Great Britain, not being printed\ painted, or flained; and on licences for bleaching or dying the fame.

Preamble.	HEREAS	an	aft	was made in the laft feffion of parliament,

*4 Geo. 3. c. VV (intituled. An ad for granting to his Majefty additional 40. lecited. duties on linens printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in Great Bri-tain; and for granting certain duties on cotton fluffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on licences for bleaching or dying the fame; and upon the importation of fluffs made of, or mixed with cotton, not painted, printed, ftained, or dyed, in foreign parts): and whereas fo much of the faid recited aft as impofes duties on all fluffs made of cotton and linen mixed, and fluffs wholly made of cotton wool wave, in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, or flained\ and on 'licences for bleaching or dying the fame, has been fund inconvenient’, be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirimal and temporal, and commons, in this prefent 1 of the	parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar,

recited act	from and after the palling of this ad, fo much and fuch part

jepcaac. pf the recited ad, as impofes duties on all cotton fluffs made of cotton and linen mixed, and fluffs wholly made of cotton wool wove in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, pr flained,' and on licences for bleadving or dying the fame, ijiall be, gnd tfie fame is hereby repealed,

.	.	'	- . ; C a; ft

Hosted by Google

17.85.} Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII IIL €.'25, 26.	59

CAP. XXV.

An a & for allowing further time for the importation of goods the produce or manufacture of the ifland of Tobago, upon payment of the Britiih plantation duties.

13 Geo. 3. c. 14' recited. Goods, the produce of Tobago, may be imported before Dec. 31, 1785, upon payment of firitiih plantation duties.

Purport of the oath to be taken by the importer.

C A P. XXVI.

An ad for the better prefervation and improvement of the river Wear* . and port and haven of Sunderland, in the county Palatine of Durham. '	.

Afl 3 Geo. 1. Private ad No. 3. 13 Geo. 1. c. 6. *0 Geo. a. c. 18.

The duties in that ad, ad. per chaldron of coals and cinders. Ad 3%

Geo. a. A further duty of id. per chaldron of coals and cinders. The works done under the faid ads; a large pier and key, and deepening the * channel. The prefent fituation and condition of the port : the ealt end of the pier ruinous. That the duties are infufficipnt. 1,4001. borrowed on the credit of the tolls, .The importance of the port, etc. it would be convenient to have all neceflary power* in one a A. The term of the former ads continued, and the' provifions of this aff to be exercifecj for twenty-one years more. Commiflioners appointed. The qtfalifi-cation of cornmiffioners, iool. per ann. Penalty op acting, not being quashed, 5Pl. Commiflioners to take an oath of qualification yearly.

Meetings, Jfune 13, and as often as neceflary. If npt feven commiCjiqn-ers prelent, chairman to adjourn. ..CJcmimilfiohers to pay their own ex-pences at meetings. Chairman to be prefent at meetings; and have 4 determining vote. If chairman not able to attend on a notice left at his houfe, another to be chofen. Times for chufirig the chairman, June £Q, and Dec. 31, yearly. For eledingcommiflionera on death, etc. in twelvemonths. Commiflioners may appoint officers, and allow them faUries. Officers not tp be removed unlefs eleven commiflioners pre-fent. Commiifloner v^ho does not attend in twelve months, not to vote ip removal or election of officers# Commiflioners not to hold offices* etc Officers to take an oath. Power for improving the navigatjoh.

Materials may be taken from private grounds, making fatisfadiorf for damages. Power to purchafe lands, etc. incapacitated perfons im-powefed to felt and convey. To afeertam the value, where perfons do not treat to fell. Sheriff or coroner to return a jury. Jurors may be challenged. Jury to aicertain damages, etc, Verdi A of Jury, etc. to be tin all (except as after.) Witnefles or jurymen making default, may be fined. Fees to (heriff, and expences of jury, etc. by whom to be paid. Verdids and judgements to be returned to the feflions. Damages done by the works being made, to be provided for. On tendering money agreed or afeertained, to proceed in the work. 'If any parties are diflatisfied with the jury’s verdid, they may try the value, etc. in a feigned iffue in.the court of pleas at fjurham. Sixpences of trial for fettling damages, etc. to be paid according to the event.' Lands, etc. to be ufedfor the purpofes of the navigation only, and the pwnefs to hold and enjoy the fame for other purpofes. ^Commiflioners hot to have waggon ways, but for the purpofes of navigation. Dwners, makers, or Ikippers, to be anfwerable for damage done to the pfers, ef c. hy any pf the crew. The property of buildings, etc. veiled in tfie chairman; who is impowered to projecute. To prevent abufcs and annoyances. A jury to be fummoned. Jury to give in their verdid, etc.

Time for repairing keys, etc. three months, and removing impediments.

Further time to repair, etc. to be allowed, if neceffary. Owners of lands may go thereon to build keys, etc. without being guilty of a tref-pgfs, to tue occupier. C^muuffioners may I’M? and fu?d it} the name |	9f

Hosted by Google

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c.2& £1785.

of their chairman. No action or indictment to be brought or preferred, but by order of eleven commiflioners. To prevent fkippers, etc* from overloading their keels ufed for ballaft, to forfeit 408. Owners and fkippers names to be on the keel. Keels for ballaft to be weighed, etc^ Coal keels to be entered, and marked. Pitch, etc. fhall be boiled on board veflels, by an iron inftrument called a Loggerhead, on forfeiture of 5I. Time allowed for weighing and railing veflels funk, twenty-four hours, or to pay damages. To prevent ballaft being call: into the river, penalty 5I. To prevent calling ballaft without a port fail, penalty 5I. To prevent ballaft lying on the keys too near the edge, penalty 5I. Power for the engineer to remove ballaft, etc. Penalty on taking coals, etc.' on board of fhips in the narrow, 5I. or in the channel between the high Hairs, belonging to John Thornhill, efq; and the extreme eaft end of the pier; except between the faid ftair3 and the coble flip, if but one fhip in a tier, next to the key; or to the north fide of the channel, if but one fhip in a tier. Not to moor fhips in the narrow, except as aforefaid. No fhips to He in the narrow, after being loaded or delivered, on penalty of 5I. Stopping the paflage. or hindering the works, penalty 5s. an hour. Proceedings againft offenders withdrawing. Commiflioners may bring an action. Wilfully damaging the works, to anfwer damages. To prevent fhips being milled by fire of limekilns, commiflioners to build walls, to be repaired by the owner. New duties on coals and cinders, brought to the faid river, between South Biddick or Biddick Ford, and the port of Sunderland, 3d. per chaldron by owners, and id* per chaldron by fitters. Commiflioners may collect duties already due. For afeertaining the quantities of coals liable to duty, may examine on bath perfons belonging to colliers. Exemption from duties; if coals be loft or ufed in making fait and glafs, glafs bottles, vitriol, copperas, earthen ware, bricks, tiles or lime, in limits of the faid port, to be proved on oath. If the ftaitbmen dp not appear to be examined, owners may be charged with 3d, per chaldron, and fitters with 4d. per chal* dyon, for not above 15,009 chaldrons in a year, as the commiflioners think fit. Commiflioners may borrow money, and aflign the tolls as a fecurity. Form of aflignment. Aflignment8 may be transferred. Form of transfer. The manner of levying penalties, by diftrefs and fale of goods. Tor rewarding informers. The money to be applied to pay the expences of act, and paying charge of feveral works done in purfu** ance of the act, and paying money Borrowed and intereift. Information to be given in fix months, and profecution in twelve months. Offenders not to be punifhed twice. Commiffioner not to fit or vote in his own cafe. Proceedings to be entered in books, and to be evidence. No order to be quafhed for want of form. No order to be repealed* tinlefs eleven commiflioners prefent. Commiffioner being a juft ice may act as fuefi. Power to ma^re bye-laws; and notice thereof to be given by advertisement. Commiflioners may admirrifter an oath to prove ferving of procefs, etc. Perfons giving falfe evidence, to be deemed gtiilty of perjury. Quakers affirmation to be taken, under like pains and penalties. Officers to account. Penalty on default. For want of diftrefs by commitment till account, &c. or by action. Officers to deliver up books, etc. when required fo to do by the commiflioners, or tp be commuted. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. For preferving the keys, etc. ufed at the time of pafling this act. Allowing the budding of new keys, wharfs, and ftaiths. Nujfances may be punifhed at common law. Commiflioners to fatisfy damages occa-lioned by carrying on any new works; and keys, etc. to be rebuilt: damages to be afTefied‘by a jury. Saving of rights to the lord bifhop of Durham, and others. Navigation to be free. ^Limitation of aptionsf General iffue. Treble cofts. Publickact.

Hosted by Google

1785.]* Anno vicefimo quinto Georgij III, c, 27.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hun* dreds of Tunftead and Happing, in the county of Norfolk, i *

Perfons feized of eftates in their own right, or in right of their wives, of 30I. per ann. in the ftid hundreds of Tunftead and Happing, and juftices of the peace redding therein, and all rectors and vicars, ufually refident therein for.6 months, and occupiers of land, etc. of iool. per* ann. refident there, to be guardians of the poor, within the hundreds of Tunftead and Happing, in the county of Norfolk, and incorporated.

Women to act by proxy. Corporation not to hold lands for more that! five years. Poor to continue under the law of the churchwardens and oyerfeers as they now are, until a houfe be provided for their reception*

Children may be apprenticed by the guardians. Juftices may ,grant re-dref8 to children mifufed. Children may be di fluffed to their parents and friends. Firft meeting to be four weeks after the pafling of the aft, and to choofe by ballot twenty-four direftors. Qualifications of directors; 8ol. per ann. in one of the faid hundred?, or 6ol. there, and 40I. in fome other hundred. Perfons feifed of 300I. per ann. or heirs appa-rent to 600I. to a£t as direftors. Officers to continue in office only during pleafure. Direftors and guardians, at the firft meeting, to deliver in their qualifications. Penalty on directors acting, not being qualified,

50I. Power to elect three directors not qualified. Officer# to account# and pay the balance * Officer not accounting to be committed . Balance of money in hand at receiver’s death, to be paid by his executors, etc.

Directors may contract for lauds and buildings. Incapacitated perfons impowered to fell lands, etc. Director# may inclofe thirty acres of * wafte; and, if no agreement can be made, may caufe the value to be af-certained by a jury. Penalty on ffieriff, jurymen, etc. making default,

10I. Directors impowered to exchange lands in certain cafes, but not more than fifty acres; and thofe taken in exchange to be deemed freehold, and thofe given in exchange according to their former tenure*

Accounts to be delivered to the directors of lands and tenements givert for the benefit of the poor. Such lands and tenements may be let, etc. by the directors and guardians, with content of the churchwardens, etc.

May be let or fold by five directors, on four weeks notice in the Norwich newfpapers. No director concerned in the letting or felling fuch lands, etc. (hall be interefted in any leaie or contract. Monies arifing by letting or foie, to be paid to the treafurer, and to be applied according to the direction of the donor of the lands, and the furplus diftributed to the moft meritorious poor. Aftey purchafe compleated, paflefiion ffiall be delivered to purchasers, Directing an allowance to be made to the parifhes for town houfes let or fold, at 5 per cent* per ann. for future rates. Money hereafter left for the poor, without any particular direction, is to be diftributed to the poor of the parifti 5 and overfecra to forfeit treble value, if mifapplied. Houfes, etc. to be purchased, to be free of all parochial, county, or parliamentary taxes, except fuch as they were affefled at before the act. Directors to erect or provide neceflary buildings for the reception of aged or infirm perfons ; another for children unable to work; another leparate for the poor that are able to work, and working rooms; another for an infirmary for the fick; another feparate for lunaticks; alfo a chapel, and other neceflary buildings; to be called The Houfe for the Poor of the Hundreds of Tunftead and Happing; and alfo to inclofie a burial ground, and may alter and enlarge the fame, and to keep them in repair: the expencea to be defrayed by money arifing by virtue of the act. Perfons obstructing the erection of fuch buildings, deemed guilty of felony. Seven directors to fuperintend the buildings* Power to get materials for building. For obtaining a fupply of water, may enter any lands adjoining; but not to deprive any other houfe or lands of their water. Penalty of injuring the drains, etc. 19I, and not left than 40ft Recqmpence ffiall be made.

* for

Hosted by Google '

4t

Anno vitdirrio qtiinto GeoRGII III. c. 27. t 1785.

for damages. Directors to furnilb the houfe, and provide materials for employment of the poor, etc. The houfe to be built and furnifhed by contract. When the houfe is finilbed, a general meeting to be called, and the vaCkhdy of directors filled up. Acting guardians to be appointed yearly, On the firft Tuefday after the fifth of July. Power to make bye-laws. Bye-laws to be approved at the quarter feffions. Meetings annually oti the firft Ttiefday after the jth. of July, ioth. of October, 5th. of January, and the 5th. of April, at the houfe For the poor. Choice of director^, guardians* and frearuref. At other quarterly meetings may fill up vacancies of directors and guardians. Divifion of directors and guardians iri quarterly committees. That the weekly or quarterly fiieetihgS.may be altered, and they may divide themfelves ih-tb committees for each month. Penalty of aos. for non-attendance of dife£for, atid ios; For a guardian. Power to relieve occafional poor. Poor fibt haring h legal fettle then t within the faid hundreds, to be re-Iretfed by a yxiftitt, or guardian, till able to be removed, and to be reim-Lfhffed by the directors, or guardians, and they by the overfeers of the pariffi where fuch perfon fettled ; and if the poor perfon die before ex-atTilnatioil, tbdehiilg fettlenient, to be buried at the expence of the guardians and directors. Children becoming chargeable to the parilhes, (ball be received into the hoiife, nurtured, and put out by the guardians. Not to afftdl the fettlemeht of any perfon. Sic. For punilhing idle and difotderty perfoflg, able but unwilling to work* as by the ad of 17 Geo. 3. CHUffcft Wardens or overfeers neglecting to make complaint thereof, to be fined. The hulband or father of poor perfons to affift in maintaining them. Guardians may apprehend idle perfons refilling to Work. Accounts to be fettled and allowed at each quarterly meetings Nine to cofiftltute a quarterly meeting; four of which fball be director*. Directors may borrow money, but not more that 15,0001. in feveral films bf rool. each, and affign the rates as a fecurity. Alignments tramfer-rSbie. Power to raile 6,oobl. by annuities. Annuities may be transferred: Power to raife money by a fcheme of furvivorlhip, at not more than 5 per cent. No contributor to advance lefs than 50I. Afiefimentg to be ihade at yearly and general quarterly meetings. Deficiencies to fee made good by a re-affiefTmeht. Afletfments not to exceed the poor rates oft ah average of feven years. Churchwardens and overfeers may make afielTments for other purpofes. Houfes and lands ufually rated to continue chargeable. Churchwardens and overfeers to attend firft meeting, bring their books, and leave them with directors. For want of books and fates, to a fiefs at their difefetioh. Churchwardens and overfeers to aid and affift directors ahd guardians in execution of this aft. Penalty ort default, 5). Every dire&or arid aCting guardian, failing in his duty of holding quarterly meeting, to forfeit 5I. Directors and acting guardians migrant certificates with the perfons Who fhall remove. An Cehificatei'"t6 be delivered to the directors. Penalty of 40s. on dverfters, &c. ftfffering perfons to relide Without certificate, or not informing directors of litfgle v*6meri fufpbCted to be with child. Parishes Jidble 16 maintain fuch paupers as fhall, by fuch negleCt, gain fettle-ntents. Bonds of indemnity againft baftards, already giveh to pari fh officers* to be delivered to the officers of the directors* and acting; guardians; and the corporation may file thereon in their own name} and all future bonds to be their property. Churchwardens and over-feefS, to be ordered by a fuftice to find work for the poor, Or make fhem a weekly allowance inthe mean time; which is to be reimburfed Out of the parilh rates, over and above the money to be raifed By this act. A governor and matron to be appointed; a furgeon or apothecary; £ clergymen* and fchoolmafter. Such po6r as fhall mifbehave, or be guilty of arly vice or immorality, may be inflicted by order of the di-fedbrs and acting guardians, at Weekly meetings, viz. if a child Under it years of age, by moderate correction, or abatement Of diet, of di-ftihctlon in drefs and diet; above that age, by foiitafy confinement, ibkfeftlent of diet, or diftinction in drefs 6r diet* or by putting id the ftccks, for not more than two hours for one ofibnee* or to be fed with

bread

Hosted by Google

*785.] Anno vicefitno quinto GtfofeGtl III. C. 27,'

bread and water only, not more than twenty-Tour hours. The apparel of the poor to be the property of the guardians and corporation; and fdr purloimng? Felling, pawning, or carrying away, kny materials, furniture* or implements of work, or other their effects, or any apparel, or running away without leave, may be apprehended by juftices warrant, and committed to hard labour for not more than twenty-one frays, nor lefs than five davs, and to be whipped privately; and for the feoond offence, to be pnnilhed as if convicted of petit larceny, Perfons receiving ftqlen goods and clothes to forfeit not more than iol. nor lets than 40 s. to be levied by diftrefs and fide of goods; and if no goods, to be committed' to hard labour not lefs than feven days, nor more than three Calendar months. Governor and officers, for purloining, embezzling, 6r wilfully mifapplying any money, or goods, or. damaging any materials, or implements of work, utenfils, goods, and chattels, belonging to the fatft corporation, to be difchargedfrom their offices arid pay tot, and treble the value of fuel) money or goods, &e. to be levied by diftrefs arid fale of goods, in the fame manner as overTeers of the poor bv this a£T, and applied to theufe of the poor of the houfe; and if ho diftrefs found, to be committed to the houfe of corredion for not left than one, nor more than fix calendar months. Directors and guardians may a£t as juftices. Power to indices to proceed in all cafes, not other-wife provided for in this a£t. Encouragement to be given to the induft-rious out of the profits of their work, at the diferetion of the diredfors, &c. .and to the governor and matron in office. Profits of the work to go in aid of ihe rates. The poor may be hired out to harveft or other work. Juftices to fettle differences between them and people employing them. Directors may contract for employment of the poor. Pef*» fons contradling with the corporation not to aft as guardians. ; Hdut*s of work limited to ten hours a day, and t.o be allowed not lefs than fix’i ' nor more than twelve days every year for recreafion; and parents and relations may have accefs to the poor at all proper times,-except meal times. Guardians to pay their own experices. Majority to determine' all queftions. Directors, Sic. May appoint fp^cial edri tables. Governor may execute warrants. Ptini foment On conveying fplritpous liquors-into the. houfe, the fame as by 24 Geo. ». c. 40. for conveying fpiri* tuous liquors into gaols. If ten guardians feifed together of effates of the annual value of 6,0001. aifemblcd at a general quarterly meeting, defire a general meeting, on three weeks notice in Norfolk newfpapers; and in cafe they then prove any mismanagement or abaft of truft in the prefent directors and aiftfng guardians, others may be ehofen by the rules in the adt. Penalties audfoffeitures edmirig to the hands of any churchwarden, overfeer, or conftable, to be accounted for to the trea-furer, and applied to the ufe of the.cprporation, as judged proper. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diftrefs ind fale of goods, and paid ‘to the treafurer, and the overplus returned to the owner; and if no diftrefs found/the offender to be committed for ndt ihord than t,wo months, or till paid. Money borrowed on fecurities may be difeharged on fix months notice by lot. That notice FhaTl be given of paying of the money. In cafe of ref Ufa! to receive the fame, intereft to cekft. Three months notice bo be given. This adl not. to extend to the parifo of North Waltham. Refidence in North Walfoam no difqUalificatidn t6 be director or guardian. Appeal allowed againft guardians $nd directors as againft juftices of the peace. Expences of this adt to,be paid firft, Limitation of actions* General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick act.

The' S C H E D U L E to which this A& refers*

Form of mortgage upon the rates for relief of the poor within the bun-. dreds of Tunftead and Happing, for fecuring the money borrowed, arid the intereft thereof.

E. ' * “	being	.	oftheFormof

directors and acting guardians of the poor within the hundreds mortgage.

of

Hosted by Google

Anno vfcdimo.tjuiiito OEoilGlt III. C.

of Tunftead and Happing, in the fcounty of Norfolk, by authority of ad ad pafled in the twenty* fifth year of the reign of his male fry King George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poof within the faid hundreds of Tunftead and Happirig, at a meeting afr fembled, of which the laid,	is chairman, held

under the faid ad, at	ori	thfi	day	of

one thoufand fevrin hundred and do hereby mortgage and charge all the rates to be raifed within the faid hundreds, under the defcription of poors rates, by the faid ad} with the payment of the film of	which

hath propofed and agreed to lerid; arid hath now adually advanced and: paid, towards the expence of bqildiog a houfe or houfes for the recep~\ tion of the poor of the faid hundreds, and otherwife carrying the faid ad into execution; and we do hereby confirm and eftablifk the faid mortgage and charge hereby made, unto the faid his executors, adminiftrators, arid afiigns,- for fecuring the repayment of the (aid fum of	and	intereft	for	the	fame,' after

the rate of	per centum per arinum, and do order the

treafurer to the faid diredors and ading* guardians to pay the intereft half-yearly, as. the fame fhall become due, until the principal fliali be difcharged, purfuant to the diredion of the faid ad*

(L. S.)

Form oF charges on the poors rates for fecuring the annuitieB.

WE, &c, [as in the form of a mortgage] do hereby, in confidefa-tion of the fum of	which

hath propofed and agreed to pay, and hath now adually paid, towards defraying the expence of building the faid houfe dr houfes, and of otherwife carrying the faid ad into execution, charge and make charge* able all the rates raifed for relief of the poor within the faid hundreds under the ad now in being, with the payment, to the faid his executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, of one	annuity

or yearly fum of	for	the	terra of

years, [or, the life of the faid	as the cafe may

require]; and we do hereby confirm and eftablijh the faid annuity or yearly fum unto the faid	his	executors,	admini-

ftrators, and afiigns, and do order the treafurer to the faid diredors and ading guardians to pay the faid annuities or yearly fum half-yearly, as the fame fhall become due, purfuant to the diredions of the faid ad.

* ■- .....

Form of agreement and mortgage by way of tontine.

Tontine TT7-EEREAS A-B.C.D. have agreed with the diredors and ad-mortgage. VV ing guardians of the poor within the hundreds; of Tunftead and Happing, in the county of Norfolk, to advance jointly and togethert towards carrying on the building of a houfe or houfes fbr the reception of the faid poor, under an ad of the twenty-fifth of his maiefty King George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poor within the faid hundreds of Tunftead and Happing, in fhares of each, by loan, at legal intereft, and in the nature of a tontine, with benefit of furvivorfhip; and have adually advanced the fame, and have alfo mutually agreed amongft themfelveSj that the intereft of the faid fum fo advanced by the faid parties fhall, as it becomes due, be paid to, and diftributed equally ihare and (bare alike, amongft them the fai<r joint partners; arid the furvivors or furvivor of them fliall be entitled to, and receive the full amount of the intereft of the^above principal fum, during his [or her, or their] natural life or lives, after which time the faid principal and intereft fhall fink into and become a part of the flock of the faid diredors and ading guardians: now we the faid diredors arid ading guardians do confirm and eftablilh the faid tontine, and * ••	.	do

Hosted by

Google

1785-] Anno vicefimo qulnto Georgii III. C. 28.

do charge all the rates railed for the relief, of the poor within the faid hundreds, by authority of the faid , kdt, or Of any Jaws now in being, with the payment of the faid intereft fof arid during the natural lives or life of the faid A. B. C. D. and the furviVors or furvivor of them, and direct our treafurer to pay the faid intereft half-yearly, in the manner and to the perfons above-mentioried*

Form of transfer.

IDO transfer this fecurity, with all my right and title to the principal money hereby feeured, and to all intereft now due, or hereafter to be due, unto C. D. his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns.

Dated this	day	of

WitnefsE. F.	>:	A.	B.

GAP. XXVIII.

An a& for opening an eafy and commodious communication from the High Street of Edinburgh, to the country fouthward ; and alfo from the Lawn Market to the new extended royalty on the north, and for enabling truftees to purchase lands, houfes, and areas for that pur-pofe; for widening and enlarging the ftreets of the faid city, and cer*

; tain;.avenues leading to the fame; for rebuilding or improving the univerfity ; for enlarging the publick markets, and communications • thereto} for regulating certain taxes; for lighting the faid city; for providing an additional fupply of water; for extending the royalty of the faid city.; and for levying an additional fum of money for ftatute .labour in the middle diftridt of the county of Edinburgh.

RecitaLaf a6 Geo. a. c. 36. and 7 Geo. 3. c. 17. Truftees For the uni-verftty of Edinburgh and; South’Bridge, the right honourable James Hunter Blair lord provoft of Edinburgh, the right honourable Henry Dundas of Melvil, the right honourable Hay Campbell lord advocate of Scotland* fir William Forbes baronet of Pit/ligo, Robert Macqueen of Braxfield efquire, one of the fenators of the college of juftice, Archibald M Dowal efquire, merchant and dean of the guild of Edinburgh, John Grieve efquire, merchant in Edinburgh^ Mr. William Jamiefon^ mafon and convener of the trades of Edinburgh, John Davidfon efquire, writer to the fignet, Niel M‘Viecar efquire, merchant in Edinburgh, and Jamea Brown efquire,.architeft. insEdinburgh, for erecting fuch buildings in the univerfity of Edinburgh as they (hall think proper^ and for making the accefs from the High Street there to the country on the fouth; eafy by a bridge over the Cowgate, and by ftreets, See. on the fouth fide of the city. On death of truftees, new ones to be chofen. Meetings of truftees on the third Monday in June, fik or more to chufe a prefes, to continue a year, and have the catting vote. Truftees to bear their own expences, and to meet four times a year. Lord provoft, magiftraties* and town council, to form a,Commodious accefs from the Lawn Market to the weft part of the netir extended royalty,’ by the mound or pafiage acfofs the North Loch tQ.Prince’s Street; to enlarge the publick markets, and make roads thereto, and to eredt a bridge between the road to Leith and Galton Hill,: kcrofs. Calfcon Street, and bring into the city frefli water, &c. The city divided into two diftri&sr one The Ancient Royalty; and the other The Extended Royalty, and the line of divifion to be the key-ftones of the middle arch of the bridge over the North Loch,'running eaft to Trinity College church, and weft to the north fide of/the cattle, in a line along the middle of the low ground, formerly the North Loch. Gommifiioners for lighting the ftreets of the Ancient Royalty named; and alio commiilioners for lighting the-ftreets of th£ Extended Royalty. Meetings of commiffioriers, or eight of them; for the AncieriLRoyalty in the council chamber of Edinburgh, and for the Extended Royai ity in Saint; Andrew,a;ehurc.hi each to criufe a coirf VOL. XXXV.	F	vener.

Hosted by Google

Anoo vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1785.

vener, to catt meetings for the year, on ten days notice in newf-papers. Five comipiffioners to go out of office annually, and others to be elected in their room. Commiffioners Jhall go out of office by rotation, as they ft and on the roll, tjualification, poffeffing an houfe of 181* per ann. rent in the drftrift. Powers of truftees to make a bridge over the Colgate, and to agree with the owners and occupiers of houfes and ground on the fonth fide of the High Street, bounded by Merlin’s Wynd on the weft, and Niddry’s Wynd on the eaft, and all houfes and areas between the laid Wynds to Cowgate on the fouth, and from thence to Nicolfori’s Street, particularly mentioned. All the prefent road leading from the Cowgate to College Street, through Adam’s Square, and twenty feet to the weft of the faid road; on the weft fide of which area, oppo-fite the houfes of George Buchan of Kello efquire, lord prefident or the court of feffion, Alexander Farquharfon and Robert Chalmers efquires, no building to be erefted, except a wall fix feet high; all houfes and grounds from profeffor Hamilton’s houfe to the Infirmary Ground, bounded by College, or Infirmary Street, on the north, and the infirmary ground on the eaft; all houfes, &c. from the corner of Cowgate, and the weft fide of Aitken’s Clofe, in a line fouth, fixty feet eaftwaTd from the centre of lady Nicolfon’s pillar, and weft in a line to a point forty feet weft ward, and from the faid point in a line parallel, till it meet the town wall, and as much more ground as is ncceffary to form a road parallel to the town wall forty feet wide, in a line from lady Ni-eolfon’s pillar fixty feet eaft ward; and for all houfes, grounds, and areas on the fouth'fide, and fronting High Street, one hundred and fifty feet weft ward from the weft wall to Tron Church, and from the weft end of the faid line fouthward two hundred feet in a parallel line with Merlin’s; Wynd, apd from thence eaftward to Merlin’s Wynd, and"from the fouth or the faidfpace to the Cowgate,.including the wed.fide of Merlin’s Wynd, and both fides of Peeble’s Wynd, and the timber houfe eaft of Niddry’s Wynd, fronting High Street. For making fatisfeftiori to John Adam efquire, for the damage that may be done to ftis houfe. For making fatisfaftion to Thomas Carnegie efquire, for damages re-fpefting the ground, to open the communication, &c. Powers of truf-tees to make a proper communication to the fouthward of faid bridge; and to purchafe houfes and grounds neceffary for the above purpofe. Where proprietors refufe to fell their houfes or grounds, a jury to be fummoned. Witneffes may be examined on oath. Verdift of jury, &C. to be final. Fines to be impofed on jurymen br witneffes making default. By whom the expenees of juries fhall be borne. Purchafe-monies awarded are to be tendered to the party, and if refufed, paid into the bank of Scotland*, or into the royal bank of Scotland. After fuch pay* ments, truftees may pull down houfes; &c. Monies paid for damages to be fettled to the ufes the premifes taken were fettled. For regiftra-tion of feafines.and renunciations. i Geo. a. c. aa. Regulations relative to houfes infured in the Edinburgh Friendly Infurance. Policies may. be. transferred to other houfes of equal value. Truftees may, by publick roup, difpofe of ufelefs ground. Monies arifing thereby, &c. to be applied towards the purpofes of the aft. Truftees to keep a record of their proceedings, and regular accounts. In cafe of furplus of money; to he applied towards paving Nicolfon’s Street, and buildings in the uni-verftty of Edinburgh. In cafe the funds are deficient, 10 per cent, on the valued rent may be levied; but no more. If not paid within eighteen months, truftees may levy the fame. For rebuilding the univerfity. Nieolfon’s Street, and the crofs ftreets leading thereto, and the roads on the fides of the triangular piece of ground belonging to the heirs of lady Nicolfon, deemed publick ftreets. The lord provoft, magiftrates, and town council, impowered to make a commodious accefs from the Lawn Market to the new extended royalty; and to make a road by the north fide of the cattle; and to make a bridge over the Caltort Street, powers vetted in the magiftrates and town council.. Lord provoft, &x* to have no ;plaim on any perfon on account of damages by making the purchafes. Powers of commiffioners for lighting the laid cityy- Rates all

- ftt

Hosted by Google

178*} Arino vicefimo quinto GeoR(3ii tlL c. 29*	67

percent, on the valued rent. Rates may be levied by di ft refs and fate of goods in three diys by publick aU<5Htfn. Houfes of 3 ?. per ann. exempted.* A collector arid clerk tc( be appointed by the commiflioners of each diftrift. Commiflioners riiay coritraft for lamps and lighting. Collectors to account annually, Money raifed bjf the commiffioners for lighting ftreets. Commifiioiiers to defray their own expences. An additional fupply of water to be brought into the city. Sheriff depute of the county impowered to determine any difpute relative thereto.

Perfpns aggrieved by the fheriff, may apply to the court of feflion. Limitation of appeal in twenty days. The faid fheriff impowered to f 11 Trillion a jury to afcertain damage done to grounds by. bringing in faid Water. Jurors may be challenged: Sheriff depute to order payment of Aims awarded, and to enforce verdicts of invies. On failure of a fupply of water, heritors may puTchafe fprings, 8cc. at or near Over Libberton, before June 24, 1788* Heritors may profecute fuits in that behalf, Magiftrates^&c. for negleft of bringing fpring water in twelve months, ti> forfeit their right to the fprings, and the fame are vefted in the heritors of the eight diftri&s fouth of Edinburgh. Land tax to be rated on all houfes in the extended royalty, &c. Stent-mafters to be appointed, tp value the rent of houfes, &c. Land tax to be levied as by law re-fpe&ing Scotland. Proprietors to be anfwerable for collectors. Valua- ' tions of rent fettled by arbitration to be final . Impowering the magi-ftrates of Edinburgh to appoint ftent-mafters, in cafe the prefent ftent-ibafters do not aCt. Duties payable to the city on wines, fpirits, mum, and beer, and other liquors, to be continued on vintners, taverns, or inns, and on publick houfes, and in the city of Edinburgh, or the royalty or liberties thereof, in the parilh of St. Cuthberts, fouth and north Leith, and Canongate; and to be payable in NicolforiS Street, etc. Said duties to be taken off private families. An additional fum of one per cent, to be levied on the valued rent of, houfes. For levying an additional fum for ftatute labour in the middle cjiftriCt. The royalty extended over five acres of the lands of Broughton, purchafed of the heirs of John Dickfon of Kilbucho efquire; and one acre one rood and eleven fklla belonging to the right honourable James Montgomery, lord chief baron of the Exchequer in Scotland, and other truftees, for building a repofitpry for. the records of Scotland, who by their charter, dated;

Jtitie i6, 1776, are bound to pay a proportionable part of the taxes and p'iiblick burden £ BotifeS to be 'built thereon liable to city rates. Ex-tenfion of the royalty fubjeCl to the provifions of 7 Geo. 3. c. 27.

Powers to drain the meadow on the fouth fide of the city. Refervation of rights in the eight diftrifts. Not to infringe the aCt of ip Geo. 3* in f e&atrd to the fouth diftri&s, and the rights of the city of Edinburgh reserved. Continuance of this atft to January 1,179$, and no longer.

Saving the rights of the college of juftice. Expences of this a<5t to be paid one-third by the lord provoft for the city, another third by the truftees^ for building the bridge over the Cowgate, and the other third by the cbmmiffionefs for lighting the ftreets. Publick aCt.

C A P. XXIX.

An aft to explain, amend, and render more effeftual, an aft paffed in the twenty* third year of bis prefent Majeffs reign^ intituled*

An for authorising the trealurer of the navy to pay to the ‘ garrifon and naval department at Gibraltar > the like bounty for deftroying certain Spanijh (hips of war, as is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his Majefty’s (hips of war taking or deftroying ftiips of war belonging to the enemy.

fTTHEREAS by an afty made in the Jwenty-third year of Preamble.

V y the feign of bis prefent Majefty^ (intituled, An a61 for au- 13 Geo. 3. horifing the treafurer of the navy to pay to the garrifon and c. 16. recited.

F 2	naval

Hosted by Google

68	Anno	vicefimq quin to Georgii III. c. £9* [-1785.

twal department at Gibraltar, the like bounty for deftroying certain Spanijh (hips of war, as is allowed to the officers and* men on board any of his Majefty’s (hips of war taking or deft roying fhips of war belonging to the enemy), it is, among other things, enabled^ That the commiffioners of his Majejlfs navy pall, and they are thereby authorifed end required (upon proof'made to, the J'atisfaflion of the faid commijjioners, by certificates or otherwife, of the number of men living on board the faid Spanfth fhips of war at the time of the attack and furrender of them refpeflively), to make out bills for the amount of the faid bounty, dire fled to the ireafurer of his Majefiy s navy, to be divided amongJl the officers, foldiers, feamen, and marines, within and belonging to the faid garrifon and naval department, at the refpeflive times aforefaid, in fuch manner, and in fuch proportions, as his Majefiy Jhould gracioufly pleafe to order, direfl,i and appoint $ and the treafurer of the navy was thereby author ifedand required to pay all fuch bills, according to the courfe of-the navyj to the faid officers, foldiers, feamen, and marines, or to fuch agent or agents as they Jhould autborife or appoint to receive the, fame: and whereas, befides the bounty money given by the faid afl, ajid- received by the agent or agents appointed by the late garrifon and naval department 0/" Gibraltar, to receive and dijlribute the farnej thf faid agent or agents have received, and are likely to receive, under and by virtue of the like appointment, further Jums to aconfiderable. amount; which further fums are or may be dijlributable to and among ft the officers, foldiers, feamen, and marines of the fold garrifon, as prize money, ’in fuch or the like pares and proportions as the] ffidf.bounty money fas' keen dijlributed, or is dijlributable :and\ Whereas the difiribution %of fuch pari>of the faid bounty money and\ prize 'money, as bath been allotted toimd remains to be dijlributed,: and pall hereafter be allotted to, and difir ibut able' among, the officers) and foldiers of fuch of t$eJBritift\ regiments and royal artillery, whicj formed part of the faid-garrifon, and are fiill fubfifiing corpse may t be greatly facilitated if the prize agent or agents, appointed as afore-faid, were authorifed to pay the fame over to the agents for the time) being of the faid Britifli regiments and royal artillery, m order that\ the fame may be paid and dijlributed by them to and among fuch of %he officers and foldiers of the faid corps as are intitled to receive the famemay it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and cotffent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and Commiflion- by the authority of the fame, That the fecretary’ at war* the rrs appointed governor of Chelfea Hofpital, and the adjutant general of his account^of Majsfty’s forces for the time'being, together with the prefent bounty mo- governor* and lieutenant governor of Gibraltar, (hall be, and ney, etc. with they, are hereby appointed commiffioners for the infpe&ing, prize agents, examining, and fettling of all accounts of fuch bounty money and prize money, with the prize agent or agents who have received, or (hall hereafter receive, all or any part,of the faid bounty money and prize money, and for directing the future diftribution of the faid bounty money and prize money, as it a	(hall.

Hosted by Google

6g

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. C. igl

(hall, from time to time, come to the hands of the faid prize agent or agents ; fuch diftribution neverihelefs being always to be made in fuch and the like (hares and proportions, as have been heretofore fettled and obferved with refpedl to the faid bounty money and prize money already received and diftribut-ed, unlefs his Majefty (hall think fit to order any variation in the fame.

II. And) for the better enabling the faid commiffioners to infp ’efi and examine fuch accounts, and to order fuch diftribution to be made in future; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the Prize agents prize agent or agents who now are, or hereafter (hall be ap-deliver to pointed, by the officers, foldiers, feamen, and marines, of the liners™™- * faid garrifon of Gibraltar, to receive their feveral (hares of bounty counts of money or prize money, which hath already been, or (hall at their receipt any time hereafter be allotted and diftriburable to and amongft aild difburfe-them as aforefaid, is and are hereby required, within one ca- mentb> lendar month after the paffing of this act, and once in every three months after the expiration of the faid calendar month, to deliver to the faid commiffioners, and each of them, a true and perfect account in writing of his and their receipts and dif-burfements of the faid bounty money arid prize money, and of	:::

the balance remaining in his or their hands, diftinguifhing fuch money as (hall be then in a courfe of diftribution, from fuch money whereof no diftribution (hall have been then diretf ed; which account the faid commiffioners are hereby authorifed and required to infpedt and examine; and it (hall and may be lawful for them to demand, and the faid prize agent or agents is and are hereby required, from time to time, to furnifti to them, and each of them, fuch further information as may be neceffary, by production of any books, papers, or vouchers, in his or their cuftody or poffeffion, relating to the faid bounty money or prize money.

' III. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or Commi/fion-a majority of them, after infpedlion and examination of fuch ers may order accounts as aforefaid, from time to time, as they fliall fee fit QfdbountUti0n and reafonable, to order, by writing under their hands and feals, money, Itc. a diftribution, by the faid prize agent or agents, of the whole in the bands or any part of fuch bounty money or prize money, as (hall have of agents, come to his or their hands, and of which a diftribution (hall not before have been made by the faid prize agent or agents, on fuch day or days as they (hall think proper; which order of the faid commiffioners (hall, and is hereby declared to be bind-^ ing upon the faid prize agent or agents, who (hall forthwith proceed to make a diftribution accordingly.

IV,	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That it fliall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or Commiffion-a majority of them, from time to time, if they (hall fee fit, by ers impo^er-writing under their hands and feals, to authorize and direct the faid prize agent or agents to pay over to the regimental agent agents to pay Pf agents for the time being, of fuch of the faid Britijh regi- to the regi-

F 5	ments	mental a*

Hosted by Google

7°	Anno	vicefimo quinto/Georgii II1.0.23. [1785,

gents, etc. ments and royal artillery as are (till fubfifting corps* and to the,

fuch (hares of perfons who were* on the thirteenth day of Septcriilcr, one thou-bounty mo* r____i c____l — j—j______i _:^iIG.'

tie etc as	^even	hundred and eighty-two. Colonels or eotniiianding

(hall hereafter officers of Britijk regiments at Gibraltar, which have fince been

remain m their hands.

reduced or dilbanded, or to fuch agent or agents as (hall be appointed by the faid colonels or commanding officers refpec-tively, for the purpofe of their being diftributed by fuch regimental agent or agents, colonels or commanding officers, or their agent or agents refpe&ively, as aforefaid, to and among the officers and foldiers of fuch fubfifting and difbanding corps refpedlively, all and every the (hares of fuch bounty money or prize money, which (hall at any time or times hereafter be or remain in the hands of the faid prize agent or agents^ under or* jn a courfe of diftribution, including in fuch payment to fuch regimental agent or agents, all and every the (hares pf fuch officers, non-commifiioned officers, and foldiers, as were a part pf the faid ftill fubfifting corps whilft on fervice at Gibraltar* but who may fince have died, quitted, or been difeharged from the fame, after deducting from all and every fuch payment or payments as aforefaid the ufual allowance of five pounds per ccn~ turn, by way of cornmiffion on fuch bounty money and prize mopey fo received and paid by him or them as aforefaid; and the receipts or acquittances which (hall from time to time be tobeaccepted given, by the faid regimental agent or agents, colonels, or comas vouchers of manding officers, or their agent or agents refpedtively, as afore-

Ueceipts of regimental agents, etc

payment.

Com mi (Boners not to direct commanding officers to receive fuch

faid, to the faid prize agent or agents, (hall he, and (hall, in the fettling and allowance of the accounts to be rendered by the faid prize agent or agents, with the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, be accepted and received as goodand Efficient vouchers for all and every fuch payment and payments as aforefaid.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby alfo enabled. That the faid commiffioners (hallnot authorife or direeft the faid colonels or commanding officers of Britijl) regiments, or their agent or agents refpe&ively, to receive from the faid prize agent or agents any part of the (hares fo due as aforefaid, unlefs upon u^on^thdr ^ application previoufly made to them by fuch colonel or com-rtqueft,1 etc. manding officer requefting fuch authority or direction ; nor unlefs fuch colonel or commanding officer, or his or their agent or agents refpecftiveiy, fhall alfo, previoufly to his or their receiving fuch authority and diretfion, give full and ample fecu-jity to the fatisfadiion of the faid commiffioners, or a majority of them, for the due and faithful diftribution of fuch monies fa ' direcled to be paid to them as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, J»;f. That, from and after the fir ft day of January* one tkoufand fpvcrl hundred and eighty-eight, no claim or claims/lhall be admitted or received by the faid prize agent or agents, nor by the faid regimental agents, nor by the laid colonels or commanding officers, his or their agent qr agents refpedlively, or any of them, to any (hare or (hares of the faid bounty money or prize money, unlefs the faid commiffioners, or a majority

.......... '	" ■ vf

Google

bounty mo ney, et,c. to be received, without content of com* milfionerg.

Hosted by '

1785.] Anno vicefiEno qutffto Georqii III. c. 29.

of them, (hall feq good reafon to declare a further day for receiving and admitting fuchor claims; in which cafe the faid commiffioners, or a majority of them, may, by writing under their h'ands, fix a further day, riot exceeding twelve months after the faid fir ft day of January y one thou fa nd feven hundred and eighty-eighty for* receiving and admitting fuch claims.	j	•	£l

VII.	And be. it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That when the time by this a<5t limited, or to be limited by authority thereof, for receiving and admitting fuch claims as aforefaid, (hall be expired, the faid prize agent or agents, and alfo the faid regimental agent or agents, and the faid colonels or commanding officers, his or their agent or agents refpe&ive-ly, in cafe any of the faid bounty money or prize money (hall have been paid to them, or any of them, by virtue of any of the directions and provifions contained in this act, (hall, within three months after the expiration of the time fo limited or to be limited as aforefaid, deliver to each of the faid commiffioners an exact account in writing, attefted upon oath, which oath the faid commiffioners, or a majority of them, are hereby autho-lifed and required to adminifter, of all receipts and difburfe-ments, and of all money remaining in their hands, cuftody, or power refpectively, for or on account of the (hares unclaimed of fuch bounty money and prize money, or on any other account; and (hall alfo produce and (hew to the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, and verify the fame upon oath, if thereunto required, all books, papers, and vouchers, necef-fary or material for explaining the faid accounts; and (hall pay and deliver, or caufe to be paid and delivered, to fuch commiffioners, or a majority of them, all fuch money remaining in his or their hands refpedlively, taking from the faid commiffioners, or fuch majority of them, their acquittance or acquittances for the fame, which acquittance or acquittances is and are hereby declared to be valid and effe&ual; any thing in any former law contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacSted, That all and every perfon and perfons, hereby directed to deliver all or any of the accounts fo required to be delivered and verified, upon oath as aforefaid, who (hall refufe or negleft to deliver all or any fuch account or accounts to the faid commiffioners herein-before mentioned, or a majority of them, within the time before limited and appointed in manner and form as is herein-before mentioned and required; or who (hall negleft or refufe to pay and deliver over, within ten days after the fettling of fuch accounts, all and every fuch fum or fums of money as (hall remain fct his or their cuftody, power, or poffeffion, after fettling fuch accounts as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, over and above fuch money then in his or their hands refpe$ively; one third part whereof (hall belong to his Majefty, and the remaining two thirds to the royal hpfpitai at Qbeljea, to be recovered by the treafurer

F 4	for



Prize agents, etc. within a limited time, to deliver to each com mif-fioner an account of all receipts and difburfe-ments, etc. relative to bounty and prize money;

and all fuch money remaining in their hands.

Perfons neg Ie6Hng to deliver accounts, and to pay the b; lance.

(hall forfeit 1001.

Hosted by

DOgle

n

If any fraud fhall be com*

to fprfeitiool.

Money ari fin g from unclaimed and forfeited

Anno vieefiiho quinto C^oRGif HI. c. [*785.

for the time being of the faid royal hofpital, witK cofts of fuir, by a<5iion of debt, bill, plaint, of information, ija any of his Majefty’s courts of record, in which no eflbin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allpwed.	'•

IX.	And be it further enadfcd, That if any fraud, collu-fion, or deceit,' (hall be witting or wilfully made, ufed, com-

ingletc.^of3 * mitted, permitted, done, or fuffered, in making, dating, or faid accounts, balancing, any fuch accounts fo to be verified upon oath as the offender aforefaid, then all and every perfon or perfons, who (hall be thereof duly convi&ed, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, over and above the penalties inflidted by this adf, the fum of one hundred pounds; one third part whereof (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, one other third to the ufe of the faid, royal hofpital at Chelfea, and the other third to the informer who (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered, with cofts of fuit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, in which no effoin, privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all’fuch money as fhall arife from the unclaimed (hares of fudh

_______ bounty mopey or prize money, or otherwife, which (hall be

Jhares, how to received by the faid commiffioners, or a majority of them, upon bs applied, fettling fuch accounts as aforefaid, (hall (after deducting fuch charges and expences as (hall feem reafonable to the faid com-miffioners) be, as to fo much thereof as may arife from the unclaimed (hares of the foldiers, by them immediately paid over to the treafurer of Cbelfea Hofpital for the time being; and fo much thereof as may arife from the forfeited and unclaimed fhares of the feamen and marines, be by them immediately paid over to the treafurer of Greenwich 'Hofpital, who (hall, and are hereby refpectively authorifed to give them a full and complete difcharge for the fame- and the faid money, when fo received by the laid refpective treafurers, fhall by them be carried to the credit, and fhall be applied to the ufe and benefit of the faid hofpitals refpedlively ; any thing in an adl parted in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft to amend an aft, made in the laf fcjfion of parliament, intituled. An adt for the encouragement of feamen/ and the more fpeedy and effectual manning his Majefty’s navy; and for making further provifions for thofe purpofes), to the contrary thereof in any-wife norwithftanding.

XL And whereas a great number of brafs and iron ordnance, anchors, cables, ana other fores, have been fifhed up from the ruins or ivreck of the Spanifh battering fhips which were defrayed on the late etc. fHhrrf no attack ^Gibraltar, to a c&nfderable amount in value; be it enadt-%°th^erU,‘nB e<^’ That ail fums of money which have arifen, or fhall here-hatteringam * a^rer ar^e» from the fale of fuch ordnance, anchors, cables, and fhips, how to ftores,' as have already been, or (hall hereafter be fifhed up bedifpofedof. from the ruins py wreck of the faid battering (hips, within three

years

ttQ Geo. 3.

c. 23.

Ordnance,

Hosted by Google

r781.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoiIGII IIL fc. 30.	73

years from the fir ft day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-five, (hall be divided amongft the (aid garrifon and naval department vjho were prefent at Gibraltar on the ever memorable day, the thirteenth day of September^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, in fuch (hares and proportions as the faid bounty money has been ordered to be divided, un-Jefs his Majefty (hall be plea fed to make any. variation in the faid divifion.

XII.	And be it further enabled. That the faid commiflion- Expences of ers, or a majority of them, (hall and may order the expences this a& how of palling this a<ft, and fuch expences as (hall &rife in carrying t0

the fame into execution, to be paid from time to time by the faid prize agent or agents, out of fuch bounty money or prize money as (hall be in his or their hands, of which a diftribution (hall not have been declared, and (hall allow to the faid prize agent or agents, on fettling his or their accounts, fuch fum or fums of money as he or they (hall have paid by virtue of, arid in compliance with fuch order or orders as aforefaid.

XIII,	And be it further enadted, That fo much of the faid Part of *3

hereby in part recited adt of the twenty-third year of his prefent Gco- 3* c. 16. Majefty, and of the before-mentioned aft of the twentieth year c»«4re?eaUd* of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as can or may extend to make	•

the faid prize agent or agents, appointed by the faid garrifon

and naval department of Gibraltar^ in any manner accountable to the treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital, his deputy or deputies, agent or agents, in refpedt of any bounty money or prize money due or belonging to the faid garrifon and naval department, which has or may hereafter come to the hands of the faid prize agent or agents, (hall, and is hereby declared to be utterly repealed and made void.

CAP. XXX.

Jin aft for granting to his Majejly certain duties on Jhops within Great Britain.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, in order to raife the neceffary fupplies which we have freely granted to your Majefty in this feftion of parliament, have refolved to grant unto your Majefty the feveral new rates and duties herein- • after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent prom • ,j parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, I7g5> the^fol-from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hiin- lowing duties dred and eighty-five, there (hall be raifed, levied, ,and paid unto (hall be paid his Majefty hi§ heirs and fucceftors, throughout GreatBritain^' [hrou ho>Pt8 goofi every houfe, or pth^r building, npvv or hereafter to be GreatBritain,

ere&ed, via.	’

^ogle

for	Aixno	yiaefimo	quinto	Geo^gii	III.	c. 30* [1^85.

ere&qd, any p$Et of which (hall for the time being be ufed as a (fiop, publickly kept open for carrying on any trade, or for felling any goods, wares, or merchandize, by retail, and upon eyery building or place ufed as a (hop only, for the purpofes before-mentioned, a yearly duty according to the feveral and refpe&iye rates following; (that is to fay).

From the For every fuch houfe, or other building or place, of the

__ye^rIy rent^ C)r value of five pounds, and under ten pounds, the

in^he	yearly fum of fixpence in the pound of fuch rent or value:

pound:	For every fuch hpufe, or other building or place, of the

10I. to 15I.— yearly rent or value of ten pounds, and under fifteen pounds, 1 s. in the the yearly fum of one (hilling in the pound of fuch rent or pound:	value:

15I. to aol.—■ is. 6d. in the pound:

aol. to ajl.-n is. 9d. in the pound:

»5l. and upwards, as. in the pound.

For every fuch houfe, or other building or place, of the yearly rent cm* value of fifteen pounds, and under twenty pounds, the yearly fym of one (hilling and fixpence in the pound of fuch rent or value:

For every fuch houfe, or other building or place, of the yearly rent or value of twenty pounds, and under twenty-five pounds, the. yearly fum of one (hilling and nine-pence in the pound of fuch rent or value:

And for every fuch houfe, or other building of place, of the yearly rent or value of twenty^five pounds and upwards, the yearly fum of two (hillings in the pound of fuch rent or value:

The above duties to be paid in addition to thofe granted by 6 Geo/ 3. c. 38;

19 Geo. 3. c. 59.

and 24 Geo. 3

c. 38.

Firft nflcffr tnrrit for tmee quarters, etc,

Which faid yearly rates and duties (hall be aflefled and paid in manner herein-after expreffed.

1,1. And be it further enabled. That the faid feveral yearly duties, fo charged as aforefaid, (hall be paid over and above, and in addition to the refpedive duties charged by an a<5l, made in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for repealing the feveral duties upon houfesy windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majefty other duties upon houfes, windows,, and lights;. and by another a6t, made in. the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for repealing the duties on all inhabited houfes, impofed by an aft made in the loft Jejfton of par* liament> and for granting to his Majefty other duties upon all inhabited houfe s in Great Britain, and for amending the faid aft; and alfo for amending fo much of an aft made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as impofes a duty upon all fervants retained or employed in the Jeveral capacities therein mentioned; and by another a&, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for repealing the feveral duties on tea, and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof; and alfo feveral duties on inhabited hovfes; and upon the importation of cocca nuts and coffee; and for repealing the inland duties of excife thereon.

III. And be it further enaefted, That the firft aftefiment of the faid duties fo hereby granted as aforefaid, (hall be made for three quarters of 3 year, from the fifth day of July, Que thou-

fand

Hosted by Google

1785^ AnnQ vi^fimo qwnw GEf^jW^ pi. 9.50.	75

fand feven hundred and eighty-five ; and afterwards that, th^ aflefiment of the faid duties.'(hall be made for one whole year, from the fifth day of April in every year.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid feveral duties Duties to be by this ad granted as aforefaid, (hall be paid quarterly on the* paid quar-four following days of payment in the year; (that is to fay), terlY»

the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, by equal portions; the firft payment thereupon to be made on the tenth day of Ottober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the faid duties, granted by the occu-by this ad as aforefaid, (hall be charged only upon the inhabi- piers, fants or occupiers for the time being of the houfes, buildings,

or places hereby charged, or their refpedive executors, or ad-miniftrators, and not on the landlord or landlords who (hall have let or demifed the fame, except in the cafe herein-after mentioned; any covenant 6r agreement made or entered into previous to the pafiing of this ad, relative to the payment of any duties impofed, or to be impofed on fuch houfes, buildings, or places, or upon fuch inhabitants or occupiers in refpecS^ thereof, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enabled. That where any houfe (hall, Houfes how by reafon of having fome part thereof ufed as a (hop, be liable t0 affefled. to any of the duties fo by this ad charged as aforefaid, fuch

houfe lhall be affeffed under this ad at the fame yearly rent or value as the fame (hall for the time being be aflefled at, for and in refped of the duties on inhabited dwelling-houfes, by virtue of the faid ad made in the nineteenth year of his prefent Ma-jefty; and where any building or other place, not being fubjed to any of the duties on inhabited dwelling-houfes, (hall, by reafon of the whole or fome part thereof being ufed as a (hop, be liable to any of the duties charged by this ad, fuch building or place (hall be aflefled to the faid duties under this ad, according to the full yearly rent or value of fuch building or place.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no Warehouses, warehoufe, being a diftind and feparate building, and not part in feparate pr parcel of any (hop, place, or building, chargeable with any chargeable* duty by this ad, but employed folely for the purpofe of lodg- g * ing goods, wares, and merchandize, or for fale of goods by yvhoiefale only, or carrying on fome manufadure,. although the

fame may adjoin to or have an internal communication with fuch (hop, place, or building, fhall be charged with any of the duties hereby granted.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in nor bakers this ad (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any (hop, (hops* etc* houfe, or place, where bread, flour, meal, bran, and rubbles

only are made or fold.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That where any houfe, build- Where houfes ing, or place, liable tp any of the duties hereby granted, (hall ?re

fee divided into different apartments arpongft (eyeral occupiers, ap^tments^

w	.

Hosted by CjOO^Ic



the landlord to pay the duties.

Duties to be afTefied and collected, etc according to the methods prescribed by

.30 Geo. a.

C. 3 5

C. 4»5

ai Geo. ir. c. 10;

*6 Geo. a. c. 17;

3-t Geo. a. c. 22;

a Geo. 3. c. 8;

and the adls of arid 24 Geo. 3*.

MadC.36: [1785.

ftic* fame (hall be aflefled as if the fame was occupied by one peifeiri' or family only, and the landlord or owner of every fuch houfe, .building, or place, (hall be aflefled as the occupier, and fllafl accordingly pay the duties hereby granted.

;X. Arid be it further enabled. That the duties charged by this a6t as aforefaid, fltall be aflefled, raifed, levied, colledted,

' and received by perfons to be appointed by the fame authority, &nd ftiall be paid into his Majefty’s exchequer, for the purpofes in this adl expreffed, in fuch and the like form and manner, and with fuch allowances, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to fuch rules, methods, and di-regions as are preferibed or appointed for afleffing, railing, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, in and by an adl, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled. An aft for repeating the feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon houfes, windowsor lights; and for raifing the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties; and by another adl, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled, An aft to enforce the execution, of an aft of this feffort of parliament, for granting to his Majefty fever al rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and by an adl, made in the twenty-firft year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an aft paffied in the laft fejfton of parliament, intituled, An adl for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and for raifing the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties; and by an adl, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled, An aft for the more ejfec tual levying' of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of Great.Britain called Scotland ; and by an adt made in the thirty-* firft year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon offices and penfeons'i and upon houfes; and upon windows or lights; • and for raifing the fum of five millions by annuities, and a lottery, to he charged on the' faid rates and duties ; and by an adl, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An a ft for granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon windows, or lights-; and by the laid herein-before mentioned adls, made in the fixth, nineteenth, and twenty-fourth years of the reigri of his prefent Majefty, or by any of them, fo far as the fame now remain in force, or are not altered by this adl; and all the powers, authorities; rules, diredlions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, .matters, and things, now in force, contained in the faid feveral adts, or any of them, for the afleffing, raifing, levying, coftedling, and paying the rates and duties thereby grant-ed? (hall be in full force, and be duly obferyed, p radii fed, and

put;

Hosted by GoO^lc

1785*1 Anno vieefima^ulnto	c.30.	57

put in execution,, throughout the wholejdogdom of[Great Brt^ tain, for the afleffing, raifing*, )evying,"colledlfog, arid paying the feveral duties upon houfejs,. buildings, or places, by this adt, granted, as fully and effe&ualty, to all intepfs'and purpofes, as the fame are and( may be for Ithe afleffing, raifing, levying, col-le&ing, and charging the rates'.andt duties granted by the afore-faid adts, or any of them, fo.far as 'the faid poyvers, authorities, rules, and penalties are applicable hereunto, and not altered by this adh	'	.	,	:	,

XI.	And be it further enadled, That all the monies arifing. Duties to He from the duties granted by this aft (the n^ceflary charges of pai4into tJlc raifing and accounting for the fame excepted), fhaJI, from time exc e<*uer* to time, be paid into the receipt of his IVrajefty’s exchequer at,

Wejlminjler y and in the office ,of the auditpf *of:the faid receipt,

there.(ball be provided and kepta^Dook'oV.^ iri which all . t :

fiich^monies fo paid into the faid1‘receipt pC

aforefaid, (liall be emered. feparate, aha^%^Cffrw all \pther and to be eu* monies paids and payable, to' lijs M^jefty, bialKeits arid; Tpc.cefr ^dhor^e^ fors,;;.upon any account whatfe'eyer;	jai^.	rhpbnjsp, fo •.rate from ail «

paid T$6; jh'^.A’i^jreceipt.pr	,^3*e	-otfefem.

pay merit 'of' die,	ui ties, ‘ and ^tj] -.apjl’	ex*,

penceXas'are directed to be paid .and pzjable,’purfuant.to/aiij aft of this prefent fe$oh. '	ia	» Ah a & far.

granting, annuities to fatisfy certain havfa vtSitaUin^/and trapfaprtl itlh+And ordnance debentures.	% :.V*.:	*.*

, 'XII. And; pe ijt further ena^ed, ,That fqr.an& in’ eonMer^r:. Allowance to tion'of the extraordinary care and pains requifitejn making;and?a5e?°n? f£r*r adjuSing the firfta{fe(fment to be made^. in,,carrying' tins	m|n J a €

into execution, fo'far as refpedis fuph bujldings and} places, as* ihall be aflefled, without reference to theaffefiment oftheduties* on inhabited dwelling-ho.ufes, the afleflorbraffeffors flisfll Kayean* allowance for fuch'firft afeflment of threepence for each hqufe,-building, or place, a fie (fed by him or them refpedtiv.ely ; to Had and received Trom- the refpedtiye receivers general, their deputy pr deputies, who are hereby appointed and dbredied, to pay the fame accordingly, and who fliall be allowed the fame in palling their accounts.	f M

XIII.	And be lt further ehadled, That for the better execu- Comraiflion-tion of .this .ad, and for the ordering, raifing, levying, colledt- €rs* ing, and paying the duties hereby granted, the coramiffioners authorized or'appointed, or who Ihall be authorized or appointed hereafter for putting in execution the faid herein-before mentioned adts, concerning the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, or any of them, (hall be commiffioners for putting in. execution this prefent a<3, and,the powers therein contained, in all the counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpcdtively, within Great Britain^ and the faid commiffioners, in order to the fpeedy exe- Their fit ft cution of this adt, (hallj in their refpedtive counties, (hires, meting, etc. fiewartries,. ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and *	*	places,

Hosted by Google

J*

If cotnmifli-onere negleCt ta meet at the times appointed, they may afterwards meet} &c.

Commiffion-ers not to a6t until they have taken the proper oaths.

Oath of qualification.

. Ahi^lcd^qotetd Ois©Reir itfi.

places, for which they are or (hall be appointed cdfchAljlipnersr refpeiiively; meet For the firft time on of before t|i^ fifth day °f July, one thoufand feven Hundred and eighty-five^jAhji fh^ll ih like manner meet yearly and every year, at fuch days or times aS the faid commiflioners for the time being (half think proper tb appoint, before the thirtieth day of April yearly, and ftlall then divide therhfelvefs to a<ft in feparate dmfiCfs, and proceed in the execution of this prefent aCt, for afleifing, raif-ing, levying, and collecting the duties hereby granted as afore-laid, in fuel; and the fame manner, and under the fame regulations and directions, as are preferibed by the faid before-men-tiotied aCts, or any of them, with refpeCt to the rates and duties on hoiifes, and windows or lights, thereby impofed, except in fuch cafes iii which art alteration \s made by this aCt.

XIV.	Provided always, and be It further enaCted, That if,

by any negleCt. or default, there foal! riot have been a meeting of the/aid cammiffibners, and a due execution of the feverai, powers hereby created; within or at the time or times, or according to the .manner: or clrcamftanCes directed Or preferibed in and by this prefent aCl, /t Ihall arid may be lawful for the; faitf c^tt;miffidners, or any hvirp /or^	in	all	the	*

courses;,. fhirei, ftewartries, ridirigs, cities, boroughs, cinque' poftsy towns, arid: places, in Gredt Britain refpeCtively, Wherein; foefi default (hall havr happened, to meet and execute, the1 faid: powers at any other time or times, any thing herein-before' ctmtained to the contrary notwittiftaridirig; and they are hefe-; , by authorized and required*forthwith, or as foon as may be alF-’ tef the time or times 'at which fuch meetings (hall have been Hdd, and fuch power?' (houId have been executed according to the directions bf'this prefent aCt, to meet and‘execute the fame,* 0aS That the faid rates and duties charged by this &<9t be duly arid effeCtbally charged, raifed, levied, collected, and paid, to Hi;s Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for the ufes in this aCt,v notwithftanding any fuch omiflion or defeCt; and all fuch meet-* irigs and a‘cts of the faid commiflioners, or ariy two or more of them, (hall be deemed arid are hereby declared to be good arid valid to all intents and purpofes, notwithftanding any fuch omiflion or defeCt as aforefaid.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That no per-' fon (hall prefume to aCt as"a commiflioner in the execution of this aCt ("except in adrriiniftering the oath of qualification here-in-after exprefled), until he ihall have taken the feveral oaths required to qualify him for aCting as a commiflioner of the feveral duties charged on houfes, and windows or lights, by any of the aCls herein-before referred to, and alfo (hall have taken the following oath; (that is to fay),

IA.B. do [wear, That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a cmmijjioner, according to an all, made in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Third, for granting' to his Majefty certain,

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGii III. c. 30.	^9

tain duties on (hops within Great Britain; and will determine upon all appeals , which Jhall he brought before me under the faid ait, according to the beji of my Jkill and knowledge.

So help me GOD.

Which oath any two or more of the commiffioners, in the county, (hire, city, or place, where the afleflment is to be made* are hereby authorized to adminifter: and if any perfon (hall adt Penalty on as a commidioner of this adf (except as aforefaid) before he acting.before (hall have taken fuch oaths as aforefaid, he (hall, for every of- ^jngthe fence, forfeit one hundred pounds.	.

XVI, And be it further enadted, That the faid commiffiorw Notice be ers (hall caufe notice" to be infer ted in the precepts to fee from Siven in time to time directed by them to the inhabitants of the pariflies^ theCaPpoint. or places within their refpedtive diftridtsor divifions, whotn mentof af-~ they (hall think fit to be prefentors or afleflors under the laid fefiors. before-mentioned adts charging duties on houfes, and windows or lights, pr.any of them, that fuch perfons are.alfo appointed a Be (Tors, of the duties upon houfes, buildings, and places, with-? in this‘aidf.

XVII'. 4ridy for the more effectually, levying and collecting the itu-, ties impofed'by this ad, be it further enaaed. That \( at any: time there (hali be a negleiSt to appoint afieffofs for the fqidj duties on houfes, and windows or lights; or if the afleflors $p-; pointed (halt negledt to perform what is required of: theth b^ this adt, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor or furveyors, or the infpedtor or infpedtors ap^ pointed or to be -appointed under the authority of apy of the faid adts, relative to the duties on houfes, and windows pr lights, and they are hereby required to do or perform fuch and the like fervices as by. this adt is required from fuch afleflors; and the furveyors or irifpe&ors, ifj on the firfl: afleflment under this adt, they /hall perform the duty of afleflors, (hall be intitled to the fame reward as is hereby provided for the affef-fors for the faid firft afleflment under this adt.

XVIII. And be it further enadted, That every perfon fo appointed or to be appointeid iafleffor as aforefaid, or any furveyot or infpedtor hereby authorized to adt as an afleflor, (hall, before he prefumes to adt in the execution of the faid office or. employment, take (betides the oaths required to be taken by afleflors by the before-mentioned adts relative to the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, or any of them) an oath, or, feeing one of the people called Quakers, make and fubfcribe a folemri affirmation, in the following form :

On failure of appointment of afleflors, &c. furveyors or infpedtors to do their duty.

Afleflor to take an oath, befides thofe appointed by former adts.

IA.-B. doJwear, (or affirm, as the cafe may require,), That in The oath, in-the affeffment which, by authority of an ah made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Third, for granting to his Majefty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain, IJhalt 'make upon the houfes, buildings, and places, liable to. any of the faid

duties,

He ;d by

Google

-	&Of

i

Penalty on acting before taking the fkid oath.

Duty of afleflora.



Two com-miilioners to fign the af-feflments.

VijceGmo qulnto Georgii IIL c. 30* [1785.

duties, within the diftrift or parijfh for which I am appointed an af~ fifiof, I wtli fate each at the true annual valuer according to the bejl dftofjuigeinifttdnijktlh and that 1 will truly and faithfully etie-cute the trujls repofed in me by virtue of the faid a ft:

* V ^ ‘ ’	So	help	me GOD.

Whith oath or affirmation any two or more of the commiffi-oners in the County,.(hire, ftewartry, city, or place, where the laid afleffment is to be made, are hereby impowered and required to admihifter.

XIX. And be itfurther ena&ed, That if any perfon appointed or to be appointed afleflor, or any furveyor or infpe&or hereby authorized to a& as an afleflor, (hall prefume to a& in the execution of the faid office or employment, before he fhall have taken* the aforefaid oath, (unlefs fuch perfon (hall be a Qtfaker,f and (hall have made fuch affirmation as aforefaid) he (hail forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of twenty pound*?.

4 XX. And be- it further enabled. That fuch perfons fo appointed or to be appointed affeffors as aforefaid, do and (hall, before the tenth day of September, in this prefent year one thou-land (even hundred and eighty-five, and in all future yCars be-‘fofb the twenty-fourth day of June> eifttmate and afcertain, ac-> Cbfdihg tdThe heft of their, (kill and judgement, the full and Ju(£ yearljr rent which every fuch building or place, hereby ; Charged with 'atiyduty, within tire limits and places for which . fOdfi ’dffeffors'.are tb adf, and which is not already charged to Cfijd diity/on inhabited houfes, is really and bona fide worth to brief,J and dp and (hall make an afleffment in writing of the diitf hereby impofed, accoVding to fuch eftimate or valuation . tipOrt the bcctf pier or occupiers of every fuch building or place, and do and (hail, by writing under their refpeftive hands, certify, the number of buildings and places refpedively charged by Virtue of this a&, which are not already charged to the duty ori inhabited houfes, yvithin the limits of fuch places as aforefaid, together with the rents eftimated and ascertained as aforefaid, for or in refpe<5t of the fame refpedively, and the names of the feveral occupiers thereof refpe&ively, and the feveral fums of money charged on, and payable by them, for or in refped of the fame, by virtue of this aft; and likewife do and fhall, on or before the tenth day of September, in the prefent year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and in all future years on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, in every yekr, dei fiver the certificates or afleflments, to be made by them refpec-tively as aforefaid, unto the faid cofnmiffioners, or any two of more of them.

XXI. And be it further enafted, That the faid commiflion-ers, to whom fuch .affeffments (hall be delivered in purfuance bf this aft, or any tvio of them, (hall, within, the /pace of one calendar month next after the receipt, of the fame refpeftively^

*■ • ‘	v':“	'	‘	5	of

Hosted by

Google

1785.} Anno vicelimo cpjinto GeoRGII III; c.gaJ	81

Or,as foori after as conveniently may be, fet their hands to the faid refpeCtive afleflments, and to fuch furcharge or furcharges as (hall or may have been made in the meari time, either by the fame afleflors, or by fuch furveyor or furveyors, or infpeCior or infpeCtors, as is or are herein-after mentioned, teftifying their allowance of the fame; and (hall likewife nominate and and tdap-appoint two of the perfons named in each of fuch afleflments Point cbilec«. to be collectors, or any other two fuch perfons as they (hall tors* think able and refponfible, for their refpeCtive divifions and places for which they (hall be fo prefented, and fhall forthwith deliver, or caufe to be delivered, fuch afleflments fo by them allowed of, unto the refpeCtive perfons by them nominated to be collectors for each year refpeCtively, who are hereby enjoined and required to colled: and pay the duties hereby aflefled4 and to give acquittances for the fame; for whofe paying unto the receiver general, now or for the time being, appointed by his Majefty, or by the lord high treafurer for the time being, or by the cotnmiflioners of the treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, in the manner hereby directed, fucit money as they (hall be charged with under this aCt, the parifti or place for which they are fo employed fhall be anfwerable.

XXII.	And be it further enaCted, That in all privileged and AflefTors and other places, being extraparochial, and not within the confta- colle^ora blewicks or precinCts of the refpeCtive afleflors, to be appointed pointed in exl by virtue of this aCt, the faid commiflloners, or any three or traparochiai more of them, (hall, and they are hereby required to nominate places.

and appoint two fit perfons, living in or near the faid privileged or other places as aforefaid, to be afleflors for the faid places; and to make and return their faid afleflments in like manner as by thisaCl is appointed in any parifh, tithing, or place; and alfo to appoint two or more collectors, who are hereby required to coileCl and pay the fame, according to the rates appointed by this aCt for collecting and paying all fums of money payable by this aCt.	.

XXIII.	And be it further enaCted, That the faid commifli- Commifiiori-

oners, or any three or more of them, fhall (triCtly perufe the €£s to Perufe certificates or afleflments which by this aCt are before directed ^ffments to be annually delivered to them, and alfo (hall examine the	*

afleflors and prefentors thereof; and if the faid commiflloners*

or any three of them, within their feveral limits or divifions* fhall, at the time of the delivery of fuch certificates or aflefiT-meats, or within ten days after, have certain knowledge, or caufe to fufpeCl, that any houfe, building, or place, or any part thereof, which ought to be charged by this ad, is omitted in fuch certificates, or that any fuch houfe, building, or place, or any part thereof, is undercharged, or not duly charged according to the directions of this aCt, the (aid commiflloners, or arid may fdmi any three or more of them, fhall have power to fummon the mon before perfoa or perfons occupying fuch houfe, building, or place, to appear before them at a day and place to be prefixed, of which be under-three days notice at leaft (hall be given; and if any perfon or rated;

Vo*,, XXXV*	G	perfons

Hosted by Google

Sz	Anno	vieefimo	quinto	Georgii III. c. 30. [1^85.

perfons fummoned (hall negled: to appear* the faid commiflion-ers may proceed to amend fuch afleffments, and to charge fuch occupier with fuch rate as (hall appear reafoqable from the evidence before them; and moreover, the faid commiffioners, to whom fuch certificates or afleffments lhall be delivered, or any three of them, or any other three commiffioners of the refpec-tive counties, (hires, or ftewartries, where fuch afleffments (hall be made, (hall have power, and are hereby required, by all lawful ways and means, to examine and enquire into and concerning the annual value of any fuch houfe, building, or place as aforefaid, charged in or by any fuch afleffmenr, or which fhall have been omitted to be charged therein, and thereupon and may cor- to enlarge, "alter, abate, or diminilh the faid afleffments, fo to reft the affef- be delivered to fuch commiffioners, to the end that fuch duty found to be may **et anc*	upon	every	fuch houfe or tenement,

erroneous. according to the true intent and meaning of this ad:; and the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, (hall, after fuch perufal and examination thereof, fet their hands to the faid refpedive afleffments, and to fuch furcharge or furcharges as (hall or may have been made thereto in the mean time, te-ftifying their allowance of the fame.

Duplicates of XXIV. And be it further enacted. That the faid commiffi-affeffments to 0ners, or any two or more of them, (hall, from time to time e made ou . yearjy^ caufe true duplicates of fuch afleffments as aforefaid to be made out, delivered, and tranfmitted, in fuch and the fame manner, and at like times, as is direded by the aforefaid ads relative to the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, or any of them, with refpecl to the duplicates of the afleffments therein mentioned.

What thofe XXV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in duplicates the faid duplicates to be tranfmitted to the receiver-general* .fhall contain. an(j to tjie King’s remembrancer, the number of (hops, buildings, and places, exclufive of thofe affeffed from the affeffmenfc on inhabited dwelling-houfes, (hall be inferted, as well as the amount of the duties, in order to afcertain the money which the receivers-general are direded by this ad to pay to the af-feffors for the firft year’s afieflment, at three-pence each (hop, building, or place, not being afleffed from the afieflment on inhabited dwelling-Jhoufes, and for the information of the proper officers, who are to allow the fame in the receivers accounts, purveyors and XXVI. And be it further enaded, That all and every fur-anfpedors to veyor or furveyors, and infpedor or infpedors, appointed or to CffMrinC	appointed	under	and	by	virtue of the feveral ads relative to

beforTthey ^uties on houfes, and windows or lights, herein-before men-are figned by tioned, or any of them, for the rates and duties thereby impof-thecommif- ed, (hall be, and he and'they is and are hereby impowered to loners* infped, examine, and fupervife the afleffments to be made in or for any fuch pari(h or place as aforefaid, before the commiffi-pners (hall have figned and allowed the fame, and to alter and amend any fuch affeffment or afleffments, if he or they (hall fee juft caufe for fp doings and every perfon* in whofe cuftody any

»	fuch

Hosted by Googl

Anno vicefimo quinto GEo&Gii lit.	8i

fuch certificate or afleflment (hall be, is hereby required, upon the requeft of any fuch furveyor or furveyors, or ipfpeCtor or infpeCtors, as aforefaid, to produce the fame; and if any fuch If any omjjV furveyor or furveyors, infpe&or or infpeCtors, (hall, after fuch ^n5 ^e afleflment or afleflments (hall be fo refpe&ively made out, {^itbefup-iigned* and allowed as aforefaid, find or difcover, upon his or plied by a their furvey, that any houfe, building, or place, or any part furcharge. thereof, which fhould and ought to be charged with the duties hereby granted, (hall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or (hall have been under-rated, fuch furveyor or furveyors, or in-fpe&or or infpeCtors, (hall certify the fame in writing, under his or their hand or hands, by way of furcharge, to any two or more of the faid commiflioners, on or before the fixteenth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, for the firft quarterly payment* which lhall be due on the tenth day of Oftober, in the fame year, and thenceforward, and in every future year, at the fame times they make their furcharges for the duties on houfes and windows under the faid aCts here-in-before mentioned, in order to have fuch omifliori or underrate rectified in the faid afleflment; and the faid commiffionerg are thereupon to caufe the fame to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly.

XXVII.	And be it further enaCted, That if ariy furveyor or If a furCbargd

furveyors, infpeCtor or infpeCtors, (hall omit to make a furcharge j?	th^

or furcharges for the firft half year, it (hall and may be lawful ftrTOay bJear^ for the faid furveyor or furveyors, or infpeCtor or infpectors* to made for a make a furcharge or furcharges for the whole year.	year.

XXVIII.	And) for the better information of the corhmiffioners appointed to carry this aft into execution, and the furveyors and in-Jpeftors, and the perfons to be appointed affeffors as aforefaid, zvitb refpeft to the annual rent or value of all houfes, buildings, dr places ebarged by this aft, and the better to enable them to perform their

duty; be it further enaCted, That the faid commiflioners, or aay Affeflbrs, ete two of them* and the faid afleffors, furveyors, and infpeCtors, or any one or more of them, or any perfon or perfons authorized Sea parith1" by them, or any of them, (hall have liberty to infpeCt and to rates. . take copies of, or extracts from, any book or books kept by any parifh officer or officers, or any other perfon or perfons, of or concerning the rates for the maintenance of the pbor, or any other public taxes* rates, or afleflments, in any part of Great Britain within the limits for which they (hall be appointed; and if any perfon or perfons* in whofe euftody or power any of Penalty oti the faid books (hall be* (hall refufe or negleCl to permit the faid refuting them* infpeCtion, or the copies or extracts to be made as aforefaid, or to attend the faid commiflioners with their books when required fo to do, then* and in every fuch cafe, every perfon who fhall fo refufe or negleCt dial!, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings.

XXIX.	And be it further enaCted* That no houfe, building, Houfes to bd ©r place, chargeable by this aCt as aforefaid, (hall be* eftimated

Or rated at any left value yearly than that at which the fame	*

*	G	3	(lands

Hosted by

30gle

84	Anno	vicefimo	quinto'GEORGil	III. C. 30# [1785;

(lands legally rated and aflefled to the publick rates, taxes, and afleflinents, or any of them, now fubfifting, where fuch premi-fes are charged by a pound rate, and according to the full annual value thereof refpedtively; and when fuch premifes as afore-faid are charged by a pound rate, according to any proportionate part of the real annual value thereof refpedlively, the fame (hall not be eftimated or rated for the purpofes of this adt at lefs than the full annual value upon which fuch proportions have been computed and taken as aforefaid.

Occupiersnot XXX. And be it further enadted, That no occupier or oc-to be charged cupiers of any houfe, building, or place, liable to any duty rates6&c°for c^arSec^ by lhls a& *n anY Parifa or place, (hall be charged or the duties im- aflefled to the poor’s rate or highway duty for or in refpedt of pofed by this any rates or duties impofed and made payable by this adt; but adt.	fuch owners and occupiers (hall continue to be rated and afleff-

ed to the poor’s rate and highway duty, in fuch manner as they were rated and aflefled to the faid rates and highway duty re-fpedtively at the time of palling this adt, any thing contained herein to the contrary notwithftanding.

Payment of XXXI. And be it further enadted, That the payment of affeaiettle- anY rates an^ duties granted by this adt by any occupier ment.	or occupiers of any houfe, building, or place, charged with any

duty by this adt in any parilh or place,'(hall not intitle the per-fon or perfons, fo paying fuch rates and duties, to a legal fettle— ment in fuch parilh or place.

Perfons over- XXXII. And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or a^eal to^he Per-r°ns ^a^ think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves refpedlively commiffion*6 overcharged or over-rated by any affeflmenr, charge, or fur-cra,	charge,	to	be	made	by virtue of this adt, it lhall be lawful for

him, her, or them* refpedtively to appeal to the faid commifli-oners; and the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all fuch appeals; and all fuch appeals, in refpeft to the affeff* ment for the firlt three quarters under this adt, lhall be heard and determined between the tenth day of December, one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty-five, and the fourth day of Ja~ nuary, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix; and all appeals in refpedt of any future aflfefiments, on the days appointed, and in the manner diredied, in the feveral adts herein-be-fore mentioned with refpedt to the rates and duties on houfes, and windows or lights, thereby granted.

In what cafes XXXIII. And be it further enadted, That the faid commif-±he commif- fiQners, or any of them, lhall not, upon the hearing of fuch abat^the af- aPPea'> roake any abatement or defalcation in the charge or fur-feflments. * charge made upon any perfon by fuch afleflinent as aforefaid, or the furcharge of any fpeh furveyor or furveyors, or infpedtor or infpedlors as aforefaid, but the fame lhall ftand good and remain part of the afleflment, unlefs it lhall then appear to the faid commiflioners, by examination of the circumftances of the cafe upon oath, to b$ adminiftered by any three or more of them* tha* fuch perfon hath been over-rated in and by fuch af-p	feffmen|

Hosted by Google

i 5.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30.	85

feflment or furcharge; in which cafes the faid commiflloners are hereby authorifed and impowered, upon every fuch appeal, to abate or diminifh any fuch affeflment to be made as aforefaid in fuch manner as they (hall think proper, and agreeable to the true intent and meaning of this a&; and every perfon intending Perform Into appeal to the faid commiflioners (hall, and is hereby required t^,nt|to.®P* to give, at the lead, ten days notice thereof to any afleflor or joVaysno-afleffors, furveyor or furveyors, or infpe&or or infpe&ors, of the tice to aflef-pari(h or place wherein fuch perfon is aflefled, of fudi intention for, See. to appeal, and fuch afleflor or afleflors, furveyor or furveyors, or infpedtor or infpedtors, may then and there attend to juftify the faid affeflment and furcharge 5 and fuch affeffor or afleflors* furveyor or furveyors, or infpe&or dr fnfpe&ors, and appellant,

(hall have full and free liberty to be prefent during all the time of hearing fuch appeals, and whilffi the faid commiflioners (hall be determining the fame.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadted, That all appeals, once Appeals once heard and determined by the faid commiflioners, or any three determined to or more of them, or the major part of them then prefent on be na ; the day or days by them appointed for hearing of appeals, (hall

be final, except as is herein-after directed.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuch afleflor Exception* or afleflors, furveyor or furveyors, or infpedtor or infpedlors, or

the perfons fo appealing, in that part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon Tweedy (hall apprehend the determination made by the faid commiflioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a&, and (hall then declare himfelf or herfelf diflatisfied with fuch determination, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch afleflor or affdffors, furveyor or furveyors, or infpedtor or infpe&ors, or appellant refpedlively, to require the faid commiflioners to (late fpecially, and to fign the cafe upon which the queftion arofe, together with their determination thereupon; and the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them then prefent, are hereby required to (late and fign fuch cafe accordingly, and to caufe the fame to be delivered to the party making fuch requeft as aforefaid, to be by him or her tranfmitted to one of the juftices of the Further ap-court of king’s bench or common pleas, or to one of the ba- P^ allowed rons of the court of exchequer for the time being; and every Wales to one fuch juftice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient jufticeofthe fpeed, to return an anfwer to fuch cafe fo tranfmitted, with his king’s bench, opinion thereupon fubferibed thereto, according to which opi- ^- 5 nion fo certified, the affeflment, which (hall have been the caufe of fuch appeal, (hall be altered or confirmed: and if fuch and iq Scot? afleflor or afleflors, furveyor or furveyors, infpe&or or infpec-*an<*» tors, or the perfon fo appealing, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall apprehend the determination made by the faid commiflioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and (hall then declare himfelf or herfelf diffatis-fied with fuch determination, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch furveyor, or perfon diflatisfied, refpediively, toejfequire

G 3	thp

Hosted by Google

jg&	Anno	.vicefimo	quinto	Georgii	III. c. 30. [1785;

the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them then prefent, to ftate fpeciajly, and fign \he cafe upon which the queftiop profe, together with their determination thereupon; and the laid commiffioners are hereby required to (Jate and fign fuch :	cafe accordingly, and to caufe the fame to be delivered to the

party making fuch requeft as afore faid, to be by him or her to aiudge tranfmitted to one of the judges of the court of feffion, or of harons of the exchequer in Scotland; and every fuch judge a baron”of°r and baron is hereby required, with all convenient (peed, to re-the exche- turn an anfwer to fuch, cafe fo- tranfmitted, with his opinion querf	thereupon fubfcribed thereto, according to which opinion fo

.certified, the affeffment, which (hall have beep the caufe of fuch appeal. Avail be altered or confirmed: provided always, That notwithftanding any fuch cafe, fo tranfmitted to any of the faid juftices, judges, pr barons, the determination of the # faid commiffioners (hail (land, with refpedt to the payments which (hall become due precedent to the opinion certified by any fuch juftice, judge, or baron, upon fuch cafe.

Penalties^*- XXXVI* And be it further enacted. That every penalty or feeding 20I. forfeiture, which (hall be incurred under this a<51, of a greater recoyered.2 than twentyfounds, (hall be recovered in any of his Ma-' jefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjlery if the matter (hall arife -within;England or TValesy or the town of Berwick upon Tweedy or in the court of feffion, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, if the matter (hall arife in that part of the united king-• dom called Scotland^ by adfion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin, prote&ion, privilege, wager of law, of jKpore than on.e imparlance, (hall be allowed; and one moiety pi every fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the per-jon or perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame.

Penalties not XXXYII. And be it further enaded. That in all cafes pxceedmg.ol. wbere tjie pecuniary penalty by this ad impofed doth notex-ableYefore^ ce^ the of twenty pounds, it (hall be recoverable before two jujiices; two or more juftices of the peace of the county, riding, (hire,

’	.ftewartry, diyifion, city, liberty, town or place wherein	the of-

.	fence (hall be committed, on proof of the offence, either	by the

*	voluntary CQnfe.ffion of the party or parties accufefi, or by the

'	:	v> Aath of oner or more credible witnefs or witneffes; and one

. - a , Moiety pf every fuch laft mentioned penalty (hall belong to hi$ Majefty, r his;.heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the pd may-fee;\	informer or informers profecuting for the fame; and in	cafe of

levied by di- .nonpayment (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale.of the offender’s .	:	goods apd chattels, by warrant under the hands and' feals of

t'juch juftices 5 and the .overplus; of the money raifed, after de-dufftiftg the penalty, and the expences of the diftrefs and fale, jftiall fee rendered to the owner ; and for want of fufficient di-'	jtkefs* the offender (hall be-fent by fuch juftices to the prifon of

|uch M«nty,: (hire, ftewartry, divifion, city, liberty, town or place, for fuch time, pot exceeding fix months, nor Jefs that* ^nep^onth^ fis fuch juftices (hall think moft proper,

. ' 'r....	>y;......................... And

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo qnlnto Georgii III. c. go*	87

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled. That if any perion Perfons ag-or perfons (hall find himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the grieved may* Judgement of any fuch juftices, then he or they (hall andtnay, aPPeaI to the upon giving fecurify to the amount of the value of fuch penalty er e * and forfeiture, together with fuch cofts as (hall be awarded, in

.Cafe fuch judgement fhali be affirmed, appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter feffions for the county, riding, or place, who are hereby impowered to fummon and examine witnefles upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in cafe the judgement of fuch juftices (hall be affirmed, it fhali be lawful for fuch juftices to award the perfon or perfons to pay fuch cofts occafioned by fuch appeal as to them fhali feem meet.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Penalty on That if any perfon or perfons fhali be fummoned, as a witnefs Perf°ns fum-or witnefles, to give evidence before fuch juftices of the peace, ^tnefTe^who touching any of the matters relative to this ad, either on the fhali negleft part of the profecutor, or of the perfon or perfons accufed, and to attend, lhall negled or refufe to appear, at the time and place to be

for that purpofe appointed, without a reafonable excufe for fuch his, her, or their neglect, or refufal, to be allowed of by fuch juftice or juftices of the peace before whom the profecution fhali be depending, that then every fuch perfon (hall forfeit, fpr every fuch offence, the fum of forty (hillings, to be levied and paid in fuch manner, and by fuch means, as herein-before directed as to other penalties.

XL. Provided neverthelefs. That it fhali and may be lawful Juftices may to and for the faid juftices, where they fhali fee caufe, to miti- mitigate pe-gate and leffen any fuch penalties as they fhali think4it, rea-naltie8-fonable cofts and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the difcovery as in profecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above fuch mitigation, and fo as fuch mitigation does not reduce the penalties to lefs than one moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the faid cofts and	v

charges; any thing contained in this ad, or any other ad of parliament, notwithftanding; and no fuch convidion (hall be removed by certiorari into any court whatfoever.

XLI. And be it further enaded, That all conftables and Conftables, Jieadboroughs, tithingmen, and all other his Majeftys officers, and other of-4hall, and are hereby required and enjoined to be refpedively a^nginthe aiding and affifting in the execution of this ad, and to obey execution of and execute fuch precepts or warrants as fhali be to them di-this ad. reded in that behalf by the refpedive commifljoners hereby appointed, or any three or more of them*

.XLII- And be it .further enaded,. That all adions, fuits, Limitation of and informations,^: for any: offence againft this ad, fhali be a<ftmns, brought within one year after the offence committed, and being brought after the time fo limited, (hall be void; and if any perfon or perfons fhali at any time or times be fued, molefted,

(pr profecuted fox any thing by him or them done or executed . m pprfuance of this ad, or of any daufe, matter, or thing

G 4	herein

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

General iffue.

Treble cofts.

Preamble#

From July i, 1785, the t’eafurer of the navy to apply to the treaiury for money as herein mentioned ; which (Kail b< ifTued to the bank,

and placed t the account of the treasurer of the navy,'

Anno vtcefimo qninto Georgii III. c. 31. [1785J

herein contained, fuch perfon or perfonS' (ball and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdid lhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difcontinue an adion, or fuffer a nonpros, or (hall become non-fuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs. '

GAR XXXI.

An aft for letter regulating the office of the treafurer of bis Maf-Jeffs navy

WHEREAS it appears, by the reports made by the comtnif feoners appointed to examine, take, and fate, the publick accounts of the kingdom, that regulations are neceffary for better conducting the bufmefs in the department of the treafurer of his Mdjejly s navy; be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of July, one thou fa nd feven hundred and eighty-five, the treafurer of his Majefty?s navy for the time being, in all memorials to be by him prefented to the treafury for money for navy fervices, (hall pray that fuch fum as he requires may be iflued to the governor and company of the bank of England oh his account; and (hall tranfmit with each memorial a copy ; of the letter or letters from the commiflioners of the navy, victualling, and fick and hurt boards, direding him to apply for fuch fum or fums; in whicli letter or letters the faid commif-fioners (hall, and they are hereby required and direded to Specify for what particular fervice or fervices the faid money is wanted; and fliall alfo date the balances then in the hands of the treafurer of the navy, under each head of fervice refpedive-ly; and the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, by their letter from time to time, (hall dired the auditor of the exchequer to iffue, to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy, naming fuch treafurer for the time being, the fum for which fuch letter (hall be drawn, upon the unfatisfied order at the exchequer in favour of the faid treafurer, for which the receipt of the caftiier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company (hall be a fufficient difcharge; and all fums: for which letters of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury Avail be drawn, (hall be iflued to the: governor and company of the bank of England, in like manner as they have been heretofore iflued to the trea-0 furer of hjs Majefty’s navy j and all fuch monies to be iflued to the governor and company of the bank of England, (hall be placed pn kn account or accounts to be raifed iti the books of the governor and company of the faid bank of England, and to be intituled, Tke Account of the Treafurer of his Majejlfs Navy,

Hosted by

Google

*785.] Anno vlcefimo quinto GeoRgii III. c. 31.	89

inferring the name of fuch treafurer for the time being, for the pay branch, cafhier’s branch, and the victualling branch; and on receipt of all fuch monies at the exchequer, the treafurer of the navy (hall immediately certify to the commiffioners of the navy an account of the whole receipt, under therefpe&ive heads of fervice, and (hall alfo certify to the commiffioners of the victualling, and fick and hurt boards, the particular fums received, and applicable to thofe fervices refpeCtively.

II.	And be it further enaCted and declared, That no fees No extra fees whatfoever (hall be paid at the exchequer or treafury for or by *<> be paid at reafon of the tranfaCtions aforefaid, beyond the amount of what xc e* hath been ufually paid upon imprefts and accounts hitherto q

made, according to the former cuftom of tranfaCting bufinefs between the exchequer, navy pay office, and bank, feverally.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the firft From July i,

jday of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, no *785* ho mo-money for the fervice of the navy (hall be iffued from his Ma- f^vices^a? jefty’s exchequer to the treafurer of the navy, or (hall be placed, be tinted from or directed to be placed in his hands or pofleffion,. but the fame the treafury (hall be iffued and directed to be paid to the governor and com-	*betrea-

pany of the bank of England, and to be placed to the accounts	°*thc

iabove-mentioned, according to the fervices for which it is craved

and iffued.

IV.	And be it enaCted, That the treafurer of his Majefty’s The treafurer navy for the time being, by himfelf, or the perfon or perfons to draw on in his office duly authorifed by the faid treafurer, from and after aUnav*^fertile firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- vjce8# y five, (hall draw upon the governor and company of the bank of

England for all navy fervices whatever, and (hall fpecify, in each and every draft, the head of fervice for which the fame is drawn ; and no draft of the faid treafurer, or the perfon or perfons authorifed as aforefaid, (hall be deemed a fufficient voucher to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, un-lefs the fame fpecifies the head of fervice for which it is drawn, and has been actually paid by the faid governor and company of the bank of England.

V.	Provided always, That the monies to be iffued unto the Bank not to governor and company of the bank of England, on account of P?y faid mo-the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy, (hall not be paid out of the fo^2vy fer-bank, unlefs for navy fervices, and in purfuance of drafts to be vices, and in drawn on the governor and company of the bank of England* purfuance of and figned by the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy for the time proper draft#, being, or the perfon or perfons authorifed as aforefaid; in which

•drafts (hall be fpecified the heads of fervice to which the fums therein mentioned are to be applied; and which drafts, fo drawn, (hall be fufficient authority to the bank to pay fuch money to the perfons mentioned in fuch drafts, or to the bearer *pf them.

c ' VI. And be it further enaCted, That upon the death, refig- On the death nation, or removal, of the prefent, and every other treafurer of or renlova* °* fiis Majefty’s navy hereafter to be appointed, the balance of ^balance in

calh

Hosted by Google

gQ

the bank to veft in his fucceffor.

Treafurer to

iffu'e hts*draft3 for all unfatif-fied demands;

and to make ub annual' accounts df nivy and victualling fer-viC€8, ’ W/'

t6 be tranf- ’ mittedfothe auditor of the impreft.

Treafurer to inferty in the’ annual ae-1 Count, all payments made” •to him in loch year, etc.

j

Amo ykefimo quinto Georgii IIL c. 3 u [1785;

caflvfor rwhieh he (hall at that time have credit, an his account or accounts as treafurer of his Majefty’s navy, with the governor and company of the bank of England, (hall, at the end of the current moath after a fucceffor (hall be appointed to the faid office, adually veil in fuch fucceffojy in truft for the fervice of the navy under the refpectiye heads, and be forthwith transferred,. carried over, and placed to the account or accounts of fuch fucceffor treafurer of his Majefty’s navy, to be applied to the faid fervice, in purfuance of the like drafts as aforefaid: and the treafurer of his MajeftyVnavy for the time being (hall, and he is hereby direded and required to form his memorials and requifttions to the treafury, and to iffue his drafts as aforefaid, for all charges and demands on account of the navy fervice, which, (hall be due and remain unfatisfied, although the fame may have,accrued in the time of any former treafurer. c VII. And be it further enaded, That the faid treafurer of the navy (hall, and he is hereby required to make up, or caufe to be <made'upy .an annual account of the navy and vidualling fsrvices, intituled. The Account of the Treafurer of his Majejlf s Navyr to berfigned and attefted by every treafurer who (hall llffvepaid;or difcharged any part of the faid account; the firft (account toend.on:theihirf.y-firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix; and every fucceeding account to rhegin on the Sift day of January^	to end on. the thirty-firft

day of;December^-in each year following, and to tranfmit the fame (having: heen previoufly examined in the offices of the comniiflioneRscof the navy, of the vidualling office, and of the lick and hurt^ and .figned by the commiffioners of the navy), to the auditor ;of auditors of the impreft, who (hall, and they are hereby direded and required,^ within three months after the receipt thereof, to examine, or caufe to be examined, the faid annual accounts, and, if found fatisfadory, to prefent, or caufe to be prefented, the fame to the proper officer, or officers for declaration; and when the fame is declared, a quietus or ac* quittance, in the ufual form, (hall be made out to the faid treafurer or treafurers, his or their heirs, executors, and admirff* iirators. r:

VIII. And be it further enaded, That the treafurer of the navy (hall every year infert, in the faid annual account, all payments which (hall have been made by him in thecourfe of fuch .year,; and that all bills, which (hall have been drawn by the commiffioners' of the navy or vidualling, (hall be fufficient vouchers ; to discharge the faid treafurer of any Aims paid by him upon fuch bills, whether the payments direded to be made by the faid bills (hall be fpecified to be upon account, or,other-wife; and that when the faid treafurer of the navy (hall, in the account of. any year, have taken credit for any payments made in purfuance of impreft bills, or on account, no further bills (hall inr any fubfequent period be drawn upon the faid treafurer, or any treafurbr>of the navy for the time being, for the purpofes of clearing the (aid imprefts, but the perfons to .whom the pay-1 -	menu

Hosted by

Google

9*

1785.] Anno vicefitno 'quinto Geqrgii HI. c. 31,

jments have been fo made on account, (hall he fet infuper; in the exchequer, apd to be made accountable for the fame, and the treafurer of the navy (hall be no longer chargeable or accountable for the fame.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the Treafurerto

firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, keep an ac-thp .treafurer of his Majefty’s navy for the time being (hall keep the bankltetc the account with the bank of all monies iflued to or directed to 1	*

be paid to him for the fervice of the navy; and the faid treafurer, obferving the rules and regulations hereby prefcribed,

(hall not be anfwerable for any money which he (hall not actually receive; and the governor and company of the bank of England (hall be anfwerable for all the monies which (hall be actually received by them for the fervice of the navy.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or perfons Any perfon (hall, from and after the palling of this adt, knowingly and wil- forgingthe fully forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or tr^ahire^ etc counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully adt or affift in the forg- to obtain mo-ing or counterfeiting the name or hand of the treafurer of his ney from the Majefty’s navy for the time being, or the perfon or perfons au- bank, (hall thorifed as aforefaid, to any draft, inftrument* or writing what-

Soever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the a3 a 0 money in the hands or cuftody of the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy; or (hall forge or counterfeit, or caiife or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully adt or affift in the forging or counterfeiting any draft, inftrument, or writing in form of a draft, made by fuch treafurer of his Majefty’s navy, or the perfon or perfons authorifed as aforefaid; or (hall utter or publifh any fuch, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, with an intention to defraud any perfon whomsoever ; every fuch perfon and perfons fb offending, being thereof lawfully convidted, (hall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enadted. That this adl (hall Not to pre-mot extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent the treafurer

of his Majefty’s navy from iffuing to the pay clerks at the feve-	mmiey

ral outsorts, fuch Sums as maybe thought neceffary by the to pay clerks

navy board for paying fhips, and carrying on recalls; and the at outports.

-pay clerk at each port (hall, and he is hereby required to make

up, at the end of every month, on account of all his receipts	!

and payments during that month, which account (hall be figned

.by him, the comptroller’s clerk, and the ticket office clerk, at

each port, and tranfmit the fame, within fourteen days after the

expiration of each month, to the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy,

and a copy thereof to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy ;

and the comptroller’s clerk at every out-port (hall, and he is

hereby required to tranfmit to the navy board every week an

pccount of the payments made by tlietreafurer’s clerk at that

port*	'	'

f	XII. And

Hosted by Google

Preamble.

92	Anno	vicefimo	quinto Georgii III. c. 32.' [178$.'

On the death, XII. And be it further ena&ed, That, upon the death, re-etc. of every fignation, or removal, of every treafurer of his Majefty’s navy, derkTac- ld *ke accounts of the pay clerks at the feveral out-ports (hall be counts to be immediately made up and the balance of ca(h, for which he made up, etc. ftiall at that time have credit with each of them, (hall, as foon as a fucceffor (hall be appointed, be carried to the credit of the account of fuch fucceflor, and an account thereof forthwith tranfmitted to the commiffioners of the navy.

CAP. XXXII.

An aft for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, viftualling, and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures.

May it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty,

WHEREAS, notwithjlanding the large fupplies which were granted for carrying on the late war, feveral debts remain unprovided for, on account of bills payable in the courfe of the navy and viftualling offices, and for tranfports, and upon account of debentures payable out of the office of ordnance; and it is highly expedient that provifton Jhould be made for the ejlablifhing certain annul-ties,; to be paid to the perfons interejled in or intitled unto fuch bills and debentures, in lieu thereof in the manner herein-after mentioned j we* your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, do therefore ixiqft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,. and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all perfons interefted in or intitled unto any bill or bills payable in the courfe of the navy or victualling offices, or for tranfports, which were dated on or before the thirtieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, who already have carried, or (hall, on or before the fixth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, carry the fame, after having had the intereft thereupon computed up to the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and marked upon the faid bills at the navy or victualling offices refpe&ively, to the office of the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy, (hall have, in exchange for the fame, from fuch treafurer, or his paymafter or calhier, a certificate to the governor and company of the bank of England for the amount of the principal and intereft computed thereupon ; and the perfons who (hall be poflefled of fuch certificates (hall, upon delivery thereof to the faid governor and company, be in-titled, in refpedt of the fame, to the fum of one hundred and eleven pounds and eight (hillings capital (lock, for each one hundred pounds contained in fuch certificates, and fo jn proportion for any greater or lefler fum; and alfo, that all perfons interefted in or intitled unto fuch navy, vidlualling, and tranfport bills, made out between the faid thirtieth day of June, one

thoufand

Perfont pof-fefled of navy or victualling bills, etc. dated on or before June 30,1783, etc. may carry them to the treafurer of the navy’s office, and exchange them for certificates ;

on delivery whereof at the bank, they (hall be intitled to certain flock. Regulations relative to fuch bills made out be-

in osted by

Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c.	93

thoufapd (even hundred and eighty-three, and the firft day of Ja- tween June nuary, one thoufand feven hundred and eiehtv-five. who alreadv 3°, 1783, and

one thoufand feven hundred and ei^ y	^

after having had the intereft, due upon fuch of the faid bills as bear an intereft, computed and marked upon the faid bills to the fifth day of July, one thoufend feven hundred and eighty-five, at the navy and victualling offices refpedively, to the trea-furer of his Majefty’s navy, (hall have in exchange for the fame from fuch treafurer, or his paymafter or cafhier, a certificate to the faid governor and company of the bank of England for the amount of the principal and intereft computed thereupon, after deducing therefrom a fum, at the rate of five fhillings per centum, upon the amount of fuch principal and intereft, for every month between the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, and the day on which fuch bill was made out; and the perfons who fhall be poffefled of fuch certificates, upon delivery thereof to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, (hall be intitled, in refpeCt of the fame, to one hundred and eleven pounds and eight (hillings capital (lock, for every one hundred pounds contained in fuch certificate, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler fum : and alfo that all Similar pro-perfons interefted in or intitled unto any debentures, payable v.ifions re^-out of the office of ordnance, which were dated on or before deben-the thirty-firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred tures. and eighty-three, who already have carried, or (hall, on or before the fixth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, carry the fame to the treafurer of his Majefty’s office of ordnance, and (hall have the intereft ,on fuch debentures computed, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the expiration of fifteen months from the date thereof, to the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, (hall, in exchange for fuch debentures, have a certificate to the governor and company of the bank of England for every one hundred pounds contained in the amount of the principal and intereft of fuch debentures, upon delivery thereof to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, (hall be in-titled, in refped of the fame, to the fum of one hundred and eleven pounds and eight (hillings capital (lock, for each one hundred pounds contained in fuch certificates, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler fum; which faid capital (lock fhall be attended with annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and (hall be paid and payable at the bank of England, at the times and in the manner herein-after mentioned.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or per- Perfons pof-fons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who fefied of any fhall be poflefled of, interefted in, or intitled unto, any bill or deliver0* bills payable in courfe out of his Majefty’s offices of the navy or them to the

victual* refpe6fcive

have carried, or (hall, on or before

Hosted by Google

treafarerg, t# have them marked,* etc. before June 7, 17 $5’

Intereft due on July 5, 1785, on navy bills, etc. to be marked thereon at the refpe&ive offices.

Treafurers of the navy and ordnance may receive and cancel fuch bills, and deliver certificates in lieu thereof.

Annoividefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32. [1785;

'vkSfualling, or for tranfports, which were refpe&ively made out or'dated in the faid refpe&ive offices on or before the thirtieth day of June? one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, and between the faid thirtieth day of June, one thoufand feven hun-' dr-ed and eighty-three, and the faid. firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five; or fhall be poffeffed of* interefted in, or intitled unto, any debenture or debentures payable out of his Majefty’s office of ordnance, which were re-fpe&ively made out or dated on or before the thirty-firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, to deliver fuch bill or bills, debenture or debentures, to the refpe&ive rreafurers of the faid offices, to be marked, cancelled, and certified, in fuch manner as is herein-after mentioned, at any time on or before the fixth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and at fuch place or places as (hall have been appointed, by notice given in the London Gazette, and other publick papers, for that purpofe.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That the intereft which became due on the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, for and in refpecSt of fuch of the faid navy, victualling, and tranfport bills, as bear an intereft, fhall be computed and marked upon the faid bills at the navy or victualling offices refpec* tively, before the fame are delivered to the treafurer of his Ma-jefty’s navy; and the proper officer and officers of his Majefty’s navy office and victualling office refpecftively, is and are hereby authorifed and required to compute and mark the intereft as aforefaid upon every fuch bill which fhall be tendered to him or them for that purpofe.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy for the time being, to take in and receive from ail and every perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who is, are, or fhall be poflefTed of, interefted in, or intitled-unto, any fuch navy, victualling, or tranfport bills, all the faid bills which any fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, fhall, on or before the faid fixth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five* deliver to fuch treafurer; and the faid treafurer, or his paymafter and cafhier, is and are hereby authorifed and required to mark and cancel every fuch bill, and make forth and fign the certificates herein directed to be made out in lieu of the faid bills; and that alfo it fhall and may be lawful to and for the treafurer of his Majefty’s office of ordnance, in like manner,- to take in all fuch debentures, payable out of the faid office of ordnance* which, on or before the faid fixth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, fhall be delivered to him; and the faid laft mentioned treafurer, or his deputy, is hereby authorifed and required to cancel the fame, and to make forth and fign the certificates herein dire&ed to be made out in lieu of fuch debentures.

V. And

Hosted byGoO^lC

17%5*1 A^o vicefimo quirito Georgii IIL c,

V.	And be it further enaCied, That if it (hall happen that,' from the multiplicity of computations to be made upon the fe-veral bills that may be brought to the refpeCtive offices of the navy or victualling to be marked, and the intereft thereupon computed up to the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hun-dred and eighty-five, the fame cannot be completed fo as to be delivered to the treafurer of the navy, or his paymafter or cafhier, within the time limited by this aft, for the faid treafurer, or his paymafter or cafhier, to form the proper calculations, and make forth fuch certificates as are herein directed to be transmitted to the bank of England; in all fuch cafes, any perfon or perfons, intitled to fuch of the faidl navy, victualling, or tranf-port bills, as (hall be tendered to, and left with the officers herein directed to receive fuch bilk*, on or before the faid fixth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, upon producing to the treafurer of the navy, or his paymafter or cafhier, any bill or bills, marked and computed in the manner herein before directed, (hall be intitled to receive from the faid treafurer of the navy, or his paymafter or cafhier, a certificate to the bank of England for the fums contained in fuch bill or bills; provided fuch bill or bills fhall be-demanded at,-and received from the refpeCtive offices of the navy or victualling, on or before the thirtieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and fhall be delivered to the faid treafurer* or his paymafter or cafhier, within feven days after the fame fhall be received from the faid navy or victualling offices refpeCtively, notwithftanding the time of tendering the fame to the faid treafurer, or his paymafter or cafhier, fhall be after the day herein limited for that purpofe; and the feveral and refpeCtive officers above mentioned are hereby authorifed and required to iffue fuch bills and certificates accordingly.

VI.	And in cafe it fhall happen that any perfon or perfonsy intitled to any fuch navy, victualling, or tranfport bills, or ordnance debentures, fhall, from any unavoidable accident or caufe, not be able to deliver into the refpeCtive offices of the navy or victualling, or to the office of the treafurer of the ordnance, on or before the faid fixth day tf/'June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty five, any fuch bills or debentures, be it enaCted, That upon fuffici'ent caufe being fhewn, to the fatisfaCtion of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, at any time or times before the fixth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, to direCt, authorife, and impower the officers of the navy or victualling offices refpeCtively, and of the treafurer of the ordnance, to accept and take in from fuch perfon Or perfons any fuch bills or debentures, and to compute the intereft and mark the fame; and the treafurer of the navy and ordnance refpeCtively to make forth fuch certificate cr certificates as are herein-before directed to be done and made out; and the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorifed and impowered to give credit for fuch flock and

annuities.

9$

In cafe all fuch bills caa-not be delivered to the treafurer of the navy, within the . time before limited, a further time to be allowed:

and fo like-wife for fuch bills as cannot be delivered into the navy or victualling offices, etc. within thes time before limited.

Hosted by

Google

Perfon& pro-ducing their certificates at the bank, (hall be intitled to 5 per cent, annuities for the fame.

Annuities to be deemed perfonal eftate,

and to be tax-free.

Annuities to be paid out of a fund to be eftablifhed this fefiion, etc.;

and to be made a joint Hock with the annuities efta-

Annp vicefima quinto Georgii III. c.32; [1785]

annuities, as fuch perfon or perfons would have been intitled to, in refpedt of fuch bills or debentures, in cafe fuch bills or debentures had been delivered into fuch office or offices before the faid fixth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.

VII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, who (hall deliver any fuch bill or bills, debenture or debentures, to the faid refpedtive treafurers as aforefaid, upon producing fuch certificates as are hereby diredted to be made forth by the faid treafurers, in lieu of fuch bills and debentures, (hall, in refpedt of the principal fum hereby granted, for every entire fum of one hundred pounds contained in fuch refpedtive certificates, have and be intitled to an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and to be paid or payable to fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or fuch as he, (he, or they (hall appoint, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns refpedtively; which faid annuity (hall be payable half-yearly at the bank of England, at two of the moft ufual days of payment in the year; (that is to fay), the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of July, the firft payment thereof to become due on the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix ; and that all perfons and corporations intitled to any fuch annuity or annuities aforefaid, and his, her, and their adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns refpedtively, and all perfons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, (hall have good, fare, abfolute, and indefeafible eftates and interefts in the faid annuities, according to the tenor and true meaning of this adt 5 and (hall be poffeffed thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which (hall not be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwise, any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding; and that all the faid annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and im-pofitions whatfoever.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,* That the faid annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the monies which (hall from time to time arife and be in the receipt of the exchequer of the fund to be eftablifhed in this feffion of parliament, and for which the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund,. (hall be a collateral fecurity; and that the faid annuities (hall be irredeemable until twenty-five millions of the publick debt, bearing intercft after the rate of either three pounds per centum per annum, or four pounds per centum per annum, (hall have been redeemed and paid off.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all the monies to which any perfon or perfons (hall become intitled by virtue of this adt, on which the faid annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, (hall be attending.

Hosted by Google v

*;8*] Ahno vicefimd qulhto Georgii III. e. 32.	(	97

tendings (hall* from and after the fifth day of "July, one thou- blifliedby fand feven hundred and eighty-five, be added to, and made a4 Geo. 3, one joint flock of annuities, tfansfierrarble at the bank of Eng- c* land, with the annuities eftabliflied by an a<5t made in the* laft feffion of parliament,^(intituled, An aft for granting annuities, to fatisfy certain navy, victuallings and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures); and that all and every perfori and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he*

(he, or they (hall become intitled, as aforefaid, by virtue of this* a<St, (hall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional ill ter eft and (hare in the Paid flock of annuities at the rate aforefaid ; and that all the faid joint flock of annuities (hall be paid and payable out of the feveral duties granted, as well by fundry adts pafled in the laft feffion of parliament for the payment of annuities granted in the fame feffion, as of fuch duties as by any act or acts of this prefent feffion (hall be charged with, and madd applicable to, the payment thereof.

X.	And be it further enadled by the authority' aforefaid.

That, upon the delivering in of every fuch navy, victualling, Treafufei4 of or tranfport bill, by any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or recei^of n^-* corporate, the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy, or his paymafter vy bills, etc* * and cafhier, (hall, and they are hereby authorifed and required to give cer-forthwith to give a certificate, figned by him or them, for the tificates for principal fum or fums contained in every fuch bill, and alfo for fariie> the intereft which (hall have been computed and marked as aforefaid, to be due on the faid fifth day of July, one thou fand feven hundred and eighty-five, upon fuch pf the faid bills as bear an intereft, to fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or his, her, or their affigns; and that upon the de- and fo Itke-livering in, by any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corpo-	the^*

rate, of every fuch debenture or debentures, the treafurer of his QVdnance, on Majefty’s office of ordnance, or his deputy, (hall, and they are the receipt of hereby authorifed and required forthwith to give a certificate, debentures, figned by the faid treafurer or deputy, for the principal fum or fums contained in every fuch debenture, and alfo for the intereft on fuch debentures, computed.after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the expiration of fifteen months from the date thereof, to the fifth day of July, one tboufand feveii hundred and eighty-five, to fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or'his, her, or their affigns; and all fuch Certificated certificates (hall be affignable by indorfement thereupon made, at any time before the firft day of December, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and no.longer; and all Rich certificates and alignments thereupon (hall not be charged with any ftamp-duties whatfoever; and that the intereft fo computed and marked on every fuch bill and debenture refpedtively, bearing intereft as aforefaid, (hall be added to the principal fum contained in every fuch bill and debenture refpeclively; and the amount of fuch principal and intereft, or the amount of the fum contained in every fuch bill and debenture not bearing ir.-tereft, certified in. manner before directed, except as herein-after You XXXV.	H	h

Bills or debentures, the property of infants, may be delivered

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. C. 32. [1785,

is mentioned, (hall be the principal fums for which the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, delivering fuch bills or debentures, (hall, for every one hundred pounds therein mentioned, fye intitled to one hundred and eleven pounds, and eight (hillings, in the capital (lock of annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, eftablifhed by this adt, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum.

XI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any infants (hall, by the gift, devife, or deceafe of the parent, or other relation of fuch infants, or otherwife, become intitled to any of the faid bills or debentures; in fuch cafe, the guardian or guardians, truftee or truftees of fuch infant or in-

by their guar- fants, (half or may be, and he, (he, or they, is or are hereby

riians, etc. to the faid treafurers.

impowered, for the benefit of fuch infant or infants, to deliver up to fuch refpedlive treafurers all fuch of the faid bills or debentures to which fuch infant or infants (hall be fo intitled ; and fuch infant and infants, guardian or guardians, truftee or truf-

tees, delivering up fuch bills or debentures, (hall be intitled to

Claufe rela-

etc

fuch an annuity as aforefaid, and the faid guardian or guardians, truftee or truftees, (hall be difcharged from the fame; any thing herein contained, or any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding,

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid, That any perfon or perfons who, as executor to,

etc. in poffef- or adminiftrator, truftee, committee of an idiot, or lunatick, or fion of execu- perfons of unfound mind, depofitary or mortgagee, (hall be or tors, truftees, become poffefled of, interefted in, "or intitled unto, any of the depofitaries, faid bills or debentures, (hall and may deliver up fuch bills or debentures, as they (hall be fo poffefled of, interefted in, or in-titled unto, to fuch refpedtive treafurers as aforefaid ; and as to executors or adminiftrators, the annuities which they (hall be intitled to in refpedf of the faid bills or debentures fo by them delivered up, (hall be the fame affets in their hands as the faid bills or debentures were or would have been had they not been fo delivered up for fuch annuity as aforefaid; and as to truftees, committees, depofitaries, and mortgagees, the annuity which they (hall be intitled unto, for or in refpedl of fuch truft, or mortgaged bills or debentures, which they (hall fo deliver up to fuch refpedtive treafurers as aforefaid, (hall be fubjedi and liable to the fame trufts, and equity of redemption, as fuch bills or debentures were, or would have been, had they not been fo delivered up for fuch annuity as aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, or fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint for that purpofe, and he and .they is and 2re hereby refpedtively authorifed and required to take in and receive all and every of the certificates to be made out in lieu of the faid bills and debentures as aforefaid, in pur-fuance of the diredfions of this adt; and upon the receipt of every fuch certificate (hall, and he and they is and are hereby

required

The bank to receive certificates;

Hosted by Google

1785*] Annd viccfimo quinto GeoRGII III. c. 32^	gg

required forthwith to give credit, in a book or books to be pre- and for every pared for that purpofe, for the principal fum of one hundred iool. therein and eleven pounds, and eight (hillings, for every one hundred contained, to pounds contained in every fuch certificate* To brought to him	°

or them as aforefaid, and fo in proportion for a greater of lefter fum; and the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, Stock may hi whole credit fuch principal fums (hall be entered in the faid transferred* book or books, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall and may have power to aflign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpofe; and the faid governor and company for the time being (hall alfo, on of before the fifth day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly written dh paper* of the faid book or books firft herein-before mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIV.	Andy for the more ea fy and Jure payment of the annuities ejiablifhed by this atty it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the bank The batik, of Englandy and their fucceflors, fhall, from time to time, ap- ffom fime t(* point and employ one or more fufficient perfon or perfons. I1 a^caftSief within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or firrt ^nd account* calhier or calhiers, and one other fufficient perfon, within the ant general* fame office, to be their accountant general; and that the mo- e*c;

nies from time to time, and at any time, being in the receipt

of the exchequer of the fund to be eftablifhed for paying the

faid annuities, fhall, by order of the commiffioners of the trea-

fury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for

the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued

for, had, or obtained in that behalf, be i(fued and paid at the

faid receipt of exchequer to the faid firft or chief ca(hiej* or

cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of Eng-

landy and their fucceflors, for the time being, by way of im-

preft, and upon account, for the payment of the faid annuities;

and that fuch cafhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid monies (hall Caflijef', dii

from time to time be iffued, fhall, from time to time, without ^£idesat the

delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or ^che%feMO

their accounts thereof according to the due eourfe of the? ex- pay the ari-

chequer.	miitics.

XV.	And it is hereby alfo enadted, That the faid accountant Accountant

general for the time being (hall, from time to time, infped and general to examine all receipts and payments of the faid caffiier or cafhiers*	$

and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any and payments* fraud, negligence, or delay,

XVI.	And be it further ena<5led by the authority aforefaid*

That all the monies intended to be converted into annuities by Monies to be virtue of this a<5t, fhall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be converted in-one capital or joint (lock, on which the faid annuities, after the rate Of five pounds per centum per annum> Ihall be attending; joint ftoek*

Hi	and

Hosted by

Google

and to be transferrable.

Transfer books to be kept in the accountant general’s office, &c.

100	Anno ViecGmb quinto G&d&ctti III. fc; 32. [if785*

• arid that all and every perfort and perfons, ihd corpbfktidhs whatfoever, in proportion to the triorifey tohich he, (he, or they (hall be intitled to as aforefaid, (hall haVe, and be deie'med to have, a proportional intereft arid fhare in the faid (lock, arid in the annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid; and that the faid whole capital or joint flock, or any (hare or intereft therein, arid the proportional annuity attending the fame, (hall be aflignable and transferrable as this a d direds, arid not other-wife : and that there (hall conftantly be kept in the office of the faid accriuntant general for the time being, within the city of London, a book or books, Wherein all aflignments or transfers of the faid whole capital or joint flock, or ariy part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the farrie at the rate aforefaid, (hall be entered and regiftered ; which entries (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and lhall be figned by the parties making fuch aflignments or transfers; or, if any fuch party or parties be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully authorifed by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witnefles; and that the perfon or perfons to whom fuch transfer (hall be made (hall refpedively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of afligning or transferring the faid flock, and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good and available in law, and that no ftamp-duties whatfoever (hall be charged on the faid transfers, or any of them.

XVII.	Provided always. That all perfons pofleffed of any (hare or intereft in the faid joint flock of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles; but that no payment (hall be made upon any fuch devife, until fo much of the faid will, as relates to fuch eftate, (hare, or intereft, be entered in the faid office; and that, in default of fuch transfer or devife, fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft, (hall go to the executors, admi-niftrators, fucceflbrs, and affigns,

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and. it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of

portion until t^ie	and	their	fucceflbrs, notwithftanding the

redemption of redemption of all or any of their own funds in purfuance Of the the annuities, ads for eftabliflhing the fame, or any of them, (hall continue a corporation for the purpofes of this ad, until all the faid annuities (hall be redeemable by parliament; and the faid governor and company, or any member thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of his or their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this ad,

XIX.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, . That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever, (hall be demanded or taken for computing and marking the intereft on the faid

intereft on or bdls or debentures, or for receiving, taking in, or cancelling cancelling’ the faid bills or debentures, or any of them, or for granting faid bills, &c. certificates in lieu thereof as aforefaid, or for ifliiing the monies

for

Stock may be devifed by will.

Bank to con-

No fee to be taken for computing

Hosted by

Google

i785.] Anno vicefinap quinto Georgii 1IL c. 33.	tot

, for paying the faid annuities, or^any of them, or for any tranf-fer of any fum, great or ftnall, to he made in purfuance of this a<ft, upon pain that any officer or perfon offending, by taking or demanding any fee, reward, or gratuity contrary to this adfc,

{hail, for every offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to on penalty of the party grieved, to be recovered, with full cofts of fuit, by 2Q * adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Wefiminjler, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three Treafury may or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three ™fons aem. or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, ployed in (hall have power, and they are hereby authorifed, out of the executing this fund to be eftablilhed in this leffion of parliament for payment ^ut of tbe of the annuities granted by this aft, or out of the finking fund,

to reward all fuch perfons 3$ (hall be anyways employed in the annuities., execution of this adl, for their fervice, pains, and labour; and alfo to defray fuch incident charges as fhall neceflarily attend the fame: and alfo to appoint fuch allowances as they (hall think proper, for the fervice, pains, and labour of the calhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities made payable by this adt; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and trouble of the accpuntant general of the faid governor and company, for performing the duty and truft incumbent on him /by this aft; all which allowances hereby impowered to be made as aforefaid, in refpeft to the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company of the bank ' of England^ fhaU be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, he Perfon9 profiled, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them execu^n^this .done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of any matter or thing therein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall or may plead the ge-plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in.evidence neral for his or their defence; and if a verdift (hail pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difcon-tinue his or their aftion, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given againft him or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts to him and recover or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.	treble cofts,

CAP. xxxur.

An aft for railing a further fum of money, by exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five. —•

To raife 1000000 before Jan. 5* 1786, as by malt aft,

H 3	CAP.

102	Anno	yicefimo	quinto	GeoRGH	III; c. 34, [1785;

CAP, XXXIV.

aCt for better paving, cleaning, repairing, lighting, and watching ' the highways, ftreets, and lanes, of and in the vill of Ramfgate, in the county of Rent; and for removing and preventing annoyances there** in; and for erecting a market-houfe, and holding a publick market in the laid yilj.

Commiffioners for putting the aft in execution. In cafe of the death* &c. of commiffioners, new ones to be defied. Not obliged to eleCt new commifiioriers, until the number is reduced to thirty. No perfon folding any office, or having ftiare in contract or works, to aft as com-miffiooer. The major part of comroiffioners, not lefs than feven atany meeting, to carry the aft into execution. The prefident to have the caft-jng voice, proceedings to be entered in a book. Such book to be evidence. No aft of the commiffioners tp be binding unlefs tfone at ^ meeting, fr'irft meeting at the workhoufe in Ramfgate on the Tuefday fortnight after the parting the aft. Adjournments by majority, &c. Qualities.ion of commiffioners, (except mayor of Sandwich and vicar of 5>t. Laurence) refidence in faid vill, aol. per apn. real eftate, and 500L perionG. Penalty op aftmg not being qualified, iool. Commiffioners jjto appoint a clerk, treasurer, and furveyor, and allow them falaries. pfiicers refilling, &c. to obey the orders of commiffioners, to be inca-pacitated, and to forfeit 50I. Pavement veiled in the commiffioners,

,	who	may direft the pavements to be altered, relaid, or repaired. Ma-

terials to be provided, and paid for, by the commiffioners. No altera- ' tion to be made in the pavements without confent of the commiffioners, Commiffioners to contract for paving the llreet’s, &c. Lamps to be affixed in fuch places as commiffioners (hall appoint. Perfons deftroying the lamps, or furniture thereof, to forfeit for the firft offence ios. for jthe fecond 15s, and for the third 203. Perfons accidentally damaging lamps, to make good the fame. Watchmen to be appointed. Tor every chaldron of coals, coke or cinder, containing thirty-fix Winchefter butoels, imported and landed, or carried through the liberty of the vill of Ramfgate, is. and for coals, &c. fold by tun, of twenty hundred weight, is. and fo ip proportion above ail other duty. Puty on coals, Stc. lo be collected before (hips be permitted to depart from the port. On refufakto pay the duty, veffels and,carriages to be detained. ObftruCt-ing payment of duty, or felling or confuming coals, See. before payment thereof, to forfeit 4Q8. and damages, or be committed to the houfe of correction for two months, if not paid fooner; one moiety of the penally jto the informer. Books to be provided for entering accounts of monies received by the duty. General highway aCt to remain in force, as by 7	S3	Geo. 3. c. Surveyors of the highways to produce their accounts

to the commiffioners. Commiffioners may borrow money at interest, *	|>ut	not more than scocl. and affign the rates as a fecurity; or may grant

annuities on lives. Acbount of money borrowed, and annuities granted, to be entered in books. Perfons purchafing annuities to enjoy the fame during their lives, dr lives of their nominees. Securities may be trans-ferred. Monies borrowed to be charged upon the duties, &c.. The duties to be applied to the purpofes of the aCh When monies paid off, commiffioners to affemble inhabitants, and if they agree, then the duty to continue for ten years longer, but if they do not confent, then the duty to be reduced to 6d. per chaldron or tun ; and at the expiration of the faid fen years, finally to ceafe. Pavements to be repaired upon complaint.of want of reparation, foot pavements to be fwept by inhabitants. Land to be provided for depofiting materials for repairing the l	ftreets.	Signs to be placed on the fronts of houfes, and incroachments

to be removed. Foot-paths and highways may be widened. Annoyances to be rempved. Nuifances not to be permitted in the ftreets, &c. Liberty to make inclofures for building or repairing houfes, &c. Projections to be avoided in future. Penalty on obftruCting the execution of the ad* 3I. Power to get materials, Watchmen to apprehend ma-■	*	**	rs	•	lefaCtorf

17 85.]	Anno vlcefimo qulnto Georgii III, c. 35.	103

lefattors and difturbers of the peace. Comraiffioners to fet out a market. Market-houfe to be erected. Market-houfe veiled in the com-miflioners. Market tolls not to commence till twelve months after the market is opened. To prevent incroachments on the market, no other to be held in the vill, nor any flelh, nor raw victuals, fifh, poultry, butter, eggs, herbs, roots, nor garden ftuff, to be fold in any other place therein, on penalty of 5I. to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of goods, and one moiety to go. to the informer. Fifhermen may fell filh on the ftrand, and the inhabitants provifions in their houfes. Penalties may be 'mitigated. Market-houfe, &c. to be eredted by voluntary fubfcription. Commifiioners to purchafe ground for the market. If owners of ground refufe to agree, jury to fettle damages, with the ufual claufes. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of goods, and applied for the purpofes of the a6t. Expences of the a6l to be paid out of the money colledted. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the feffions. t)iftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Saving the jurifdidtion of Sandwich. Limitation of a&ions. General iflue. Treble colts. Pub-lick adt.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft for the more eafy and ejfeftual fale of lands, tenements, and hereditaments of crown debtors, or of their fureties,

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the thirteenth year of Preamble.

the reign of Queen Elizabeth, (intituled, An adt to make 13 Eliz, c. 4, the lands, tenements, goods and chattels, of tellers, receivers,

&c. liable to the payment of their debts), for the better fecurity of the Queen's maje/ly, her heirs and fuccejfors, againjl fuch as Jhould have the receipt and charge of the money and treafure of her highnefs, her heirs and fuccejfors, it was declared and enafted, That all lands, tenements, profits, commodities, and hereditaments, which certain officers of the crown, farmers, and perfons therein named, particularly the treafurer or receiver of any fums of money imprejfed, or other-wife^ for the ufe of the Queen's maje/ly, her heirs or fuccejfors, then had, or at any time thereafter Jhould have, within the time he or they, or any of them, Jhould remain accountable 5 Jhould, for payment and fatisfaftion unto the Queen's majejly, her heirs and fuccejfors, of his or their arrearages, at any time thereafter to be lawfully, according to the laws of the realm, adjudged and determined upon his or their account, (all his due and reafonable petitions being allowed), be liable to the payment thereof, and be put in execution for payment of fuch arrearages or debts, in like and in as large and beneficial a manner, as if the perfon had, the day he became officer or accountant, flood bound by writing obligatory, having the effeft of a Jlatute of the Jla-ple, to her Majejly, her heirs or fuccejfors; and reciting, that foraf-much as many times it might come to pafs, that the Queen's highnefs, her heirs or fuccejfors, might not be conveniently fatisfied of the debt to be determined or due upon any account as ajorefaid, by way of extent, for that the yearly value of the lands extended would not fatisfy her\ highnefs, her heirs or fuccejfors, within the compafs of many years,

Jo as that great lofs might enfue to her highnefs, her heirs and fuccef-fors; for remedy thereof it was enafted. That if any treafurer, or other perfon accountant before mentioned, which Jhould, from and after the feajl of Saint Michael then next enfuing, receive or be charge-

H 4.	$bl$

.104	Anno	viceftmo quinto Geoiuhi HI. c. 35.	[1785;

able with any money or treafure of the Queen, her heirs or fucceffors, and fhould, upon the determining of his or their account, or by reafon-of any farm as aforefaid, be found in arrearages, and Jholtld not' within fix months next after his or their accounts finijhed, or debt known, pay all fuch fums of money as he or they fhould, upon determination of his or their account, or upon his or their debt known, it fhould be lawful to the Queen's highnefs, her heirs and fucceffors, at any time, and from time to time, after the faid fix months ended, to ■' make fale, by her or their letters under the great feal of England, of ft much of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of every fuch accountant or debtor, fo being found in arrearages or debt, as might fuffice the Queen, her heirs or fucceffors, for fatisfaftion, until her Majefiy, her heirs or fucceffors, fhould be by fuch fale fully fails fed ana paid off fuch arrearages and debt; and that if any overplus fhould be received upon any fuch fale, then the fame fhould be paid to the accountant or farmer, or his^ heirs, by the officer that fioould receive the fame money upon any of the faid fales, without further warrant in Eliz *c. 3. that behalf: and- whereas by an aft, made in the twenty feventh :	'	year	of the fame Queen, after reciting certain doubts upon the faid aft

of the thirteenth year of her reign, it was declared and enafted. That the faid recited a ft, in every part thereof touching the power thereby given to her highnefs, her heirs and fucceffors, to make fale of any the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by the fame aft limited tv be fold, fhould be expounded and intended, as well in cafe where the fale is to be made after the death of fuch accountant or debtor, as where it is to be made in his or .their life-time; and alfo as well in cafe where the account is made, or ike debt known, within eight years after the death of fuch accountant or debtor, as where the fame account is made, or the debt known, in the life-time of the fame accountant or debtor; but it was provided. That after the death of fuch accountant or debtor, and before any the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, deft ended'unto the heir of fuch accountant or debtor as heir, fhould be fold, a feire facias fhould be awarded out of her Majefiy's court of exchequer unto the fheriff of the county where any fuch lands lie, to garnijh the fame heir, to fhew caufe why the fame lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fhould not be put to fale for Jatisfaftion of the fame debts or farms in the faid aft. mentioned, according to the tenor thereof \ whereupon if the heir fhould not, within a convenient time. Upon a garnijhment or two nichils returned, fhew and prove unto the faid court that the executors or adminifirators of fuch accountant or debtor, have fufficient, which ought to anfwer or he liable for the fame debt or farm, then, after ten months next after fuch two nichils or garnifhtnent returned, the fa?ne lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fhould be fold by her Majefiy, her heirs or fucceffors, and the money thereof coming difpofed according to the faid former recited aft : and after various other enafting claufes, there was a provifo to prevent Jak of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments of any heir, during the 5 9 EHz, c. 7. time of his or her nonage: and whereas by an aft, made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, the faid recited explanatory aft of the twenty-feventh year of Queen Elizabeth was repealed, and a new expofition was made of the faid recited fiatute of

ihi

Hosted by Google

1785.} Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. C.35I

the thirteenth of Elizabeth, %vith various new provifions \ buttle faid aft of the thirty-ninth year of Elizabeth being only temporary, and having expired early in the reign of James the Firfi, the faid explanatory aft of the twentyfeventhyear of Elizabeth became revived, and is now in force: and whereas it may tend greatly to facilitate and expedite the payment of debts to the crown, where the real ejlates of its accountants or debtors, or of their fureties, are feized into the King's hands under writs of extent, if a fufficient part of fuch ejlates was to be fold unto the provifions of the faid recited afts of the thirteenth and twenty-feventh years of £)ueen Elizabeth, but the faid afts have not been lately put in ufe, and inconvenience is likely to arife if the mode of fale therein direfted Jhould be purfued; be it therefore declared and ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty’s court of exchequer, and the fame court is hereby authorifed, on the application of his Majefty’s attorney general in a fummary way, by motion to the fame court, to order that the right, title, eftate, and intereft of any debtor to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the right, title, eftate, and intereft of the heirs and afligns of fuch debtor, in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments which have been, or (hall hereafter be extended under and by virtue of any fuch writ of extent or diem claufit extremum as aforefaid, or fa much thereof as (hall be fufficient to fatisfy the debt for which the fame (hall have been fo extended, (hall be fold in fuch manner as the faid court (hall direct; and that when a purchafer or purchafers (hall be found, the conveyance of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo decreed to be fold (hall be made to the purchafer or purchafers by his Majefty’s remembrancer in the (aid court of exchequer, or his deputy, under the direction pf the faid court, by a deed of bargain and fale, to be inrolled in the fame court; and that, from and after the making of fuch conveyance, and the inrollment thereof as aforefaid, the bargainee or bargainees in fuch conveyance, and his or their heirs, executors, administrators, and afligns, (hall have, hold, and enjoy the lands, tenements, and hereditaments therein comprized, for his and their own refpedtive ufe and benefit, not only againft the extent of the crown, but alfo againft fuch debtor of the crown, or the furety or fureties for fuch debtor, and all perfons claiming under fuch debtor, or the furety or fureties, unlefs by a title paramount to, and available in law againft fuch extent as aforefaid; and all monies which (hall become payable from any fuch purchafer or purchafers as aforefaid, (hall be paid, accounted for, and applied towards difcharge of the debt due to the crown, and of all cofts and expences which (hall be incurred by the crown in enforcing the payment of fuch debt, in fuch manner as the faid court of exchequer (hall from time to time order and appoint: and if, after payment of the whole debt tq the crown* and of a}l colls and ex-

105

Court of exchequer, on application of the attorney general, may order the eftate of any debtor to hi$ Majefty, &c, to be fold*

Hosted by

Google

pences

The furplus, if any, after ’ payment of

*O0

debt and cofts, to be paid to the perfons inti-tled thereto.

Court of ex-chequer may make an order for the production o title deeds.

Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGH III. c.36. [1785;

pences incurred in enforcing the payment thereof, there (hall be any furplus of the monies arifing from any fuch fale, the faid furplus (hall belong to the fame perfon or perfons as would be intitled to the lands, tenements, or hereditaments fold, if there had not been a fale thereof, and (hall accordingly be paid to fuch perfon or perfons, under the order and direction of the faid court of exchequer, upon motion or petition to the faid court, to be made upon fuch notice to the crown, and to be fupported by fuch affidavits or other proofs, as to the faid court (hall from time to time feem juft and reafonable.

II.	Arid whereas, from the want of the deeds and writings rela~ five to the title of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as the faid court of exchequer may decree to be fold under this atty difficulties may arife in the execution hereof \ be it therefore further eha&ed. That it (hall be lawful for the faid court of exchequer, from time to time, to make fuch order touching the production, delivery, and cuftody of fuch title deeds and writings as aforefaid, in the fame manner ,as if a decree had been made by the faid court for a fale of the lands of a crown debtor, in execution of a truft created for payment of debts by fuch crown debtor himfelf.

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft for building a new bridge over the haven of Great Yarmouth; and for enlarging the term, and altering fome of the powers, of an a6t of the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, “for clearing, depthen-ing, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the haven and piers of, Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the ieveral rivers emptying tbemfelves into the faid haven; and for pre-ferving fhips wintering therein from accidents by fire.”

xi Geo. 3 c. 14. Commiflioners to caufe a plan to be made of a new bridge, which is to be built by contract. When the new bridge is built, the prefent one to be taken down, and the materials fold. So much of the duties by former aCt, as is equal to one halfpenny per chaldron on coals, Winchefter meafure, laft of wheat, rye, barley, malt, or other grain, and every weigh of fait, and every ton of other goods (fifti excepted) imported into the faid haven or road, and alfo all money thereby directed to be applied towards repairing the faid bridge and the pub-lick quays, there collected, and not applied, or after received, to be applied by the mayor, &c. of Great Yarmouth, for building the faid bridge, and fupporting the quays, and for other expences as the com-miffioners fhall direct; and all fuch money to be annually accounted for. Power to borrow aoool. and to afiign the rates as a fecurity. Afiign-ments may be transferred. After the bridge i3 completed, the money borrowed to be paid off, according to the direction of the commifiion-ers. The duty appropriated to repair the prefent bridge, to be applied (after payment of the money to be borrowed) to the repair of the new bridge, etc. Power to apply the furplus of the duties appropriated to Norwich, Norfolk, and Yarmouth, for other purpofes than thofe directed by the act. The corporation to advertife for propofals for fur-nifliing material for repair of the bridge, etc. Penalty on throwing rubbifb, etc. in the haven, etc. 40s. for every offence. Expences of this act to be paid out of the firft money. Former act continued, (except where altered,) and the prefent act to commence June 13, 1785, and to continue for the further term of twenty-one years, from the expiration* qf the former act. Pubiick act.

CAP,

Hosted by

Google

*785.1 Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 37J CAP. XXXVII.

An aft for rebuilding the bridge acrofs the river of Ayr, at the town of Ayr.

WHEREAS the bridge acrofs the river of Ayr, which is of great publick utility, being the only communication for travellers going for Ireland, by the great wejl road, through the county of Ayr, and for the march of his Mfljejlfs troops to Ireland by tjoat road is not only very incommodious, being Jleep at each endy and fo narrow, that it is with difficulty that two carriages can pafs each other, but alfo the fame, from its great age and natural decay, is become inefficient \ it is therefore abfolutely neceffary either to have the faid bridge taken down and rebuilt, or to build a new bridge near to it \ but the fame cannot be effected without the aid of parliament•

Magiftrates of Ayr empowered to rebuild the bridge of Ayr. Damages to be afcertained by a jury, and the ufual claufes for that purpofe. For injuring the works of the bridge to pay damages and cods, and may be committed. Pontage for pafling the bridge: coaches, &c. drawn by fix horfes, 8cc. 48. by four horfes, &c. as. by three horfes, etc. is. 4d. by two horfes, etc. is. and by one horfe, &c. 6d. waggons, etc. drawn by fix horfes, etc. 48. by five horfes, etc. 3s. 4d. by four horfes, etc. as. 8d. by three horfes, etc. is. by two horfes, etc. 8d. and by one horfe, etc. 4d. for fledges without wheels, and horfes, etc. not drawing, ad. for oxen, etc. per fcore, is. horfes, etc. unihod, per fcore, as. for calves, fheep, lambs, hogs, or goats, per fcore, 6d. Pontage may be levied by cliftrefs. Carriages loaden with coals, peat, or turf, drawn by one horfe, one penny toll. Toll to be paid but once a day, unlefs pafling with a new loading. Penalty on evading the toll, aos. Penalty on taking off horfes td evade the tolls, aos. Exemptions from tolls: horfes, etc. carrying corn, or virtual, to or from Ayr milns, or farm meal to granaries, or dung, etc. or implements of hufbandry, carriages, etc. with hay, corn in ftraw to be laid up, (but if for fale to pay,) but not coals for exportation, nor cattle, etc. to pafture or water, poft horfes, carriages, attending foldiers on march, or carrying vagrants. But this exemption only to extend to carriages with one horfe, except carriages attending foldier.9 on march. Materials may be gotten for building or repairing the bridge. Houfes not to be built on the bridge. In cafe new bridge fhall not be built on the fcite of the old one, the toll to be collerted at the old bridge till the new one is built. If old bridge becomes impalpable before new one built, a ferry to be eftabiiihed. Foot paflengers to pay one halfpenny for pafling the ferry. Tolls for pafling over the river by the old bridge, the fame as for the new one. Carriages not to remain on the bridge, etc. longer than neceffary, nor caufe ob-ftrurtions, on penalty of aos. Bridge veiled in the magiftrates of Ayr. 5000I. may be borrowed. Fords in the river to be fpoiled. Old bridge not to be ufed by wheel carriages after new one built. Commiflioners appointed. Toll3 to be reduced when they produce 7I. 10s. per cent, of the coft. Free when money borrowed is paid, and a fund raifed to keep it in repair. Commiflioners to fettle accounts. Commencement of the art from the pafling. Magiftrates and council to have jurisdiction in complaints, and determine thereon in a fummary way. Cofts allowed in artions brought. Sheriffs, etc. to be aiding in execution of |heart. Publick art.

cap.

Hosted by Google

■u#

Anno vxceGpio quinto Georqii JII. c. 38. £1785;

Preamble.

dated O^t. 2$ *775*

cap. xxxviii.

An aft far vefting in Edward Bancroft, doctor in phyfick, his ex-ecutors, adminfirators, and afiigns, the foie property of his inven-0r difcovery of the nfe and application of certain vegetables for dying, flaming, printing and painting certain valuable colours, throughout that part of his Majefly's kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited time.

WHEREAS his mojl excellent majefly King George the Third, by his letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date at Weflminfter, the twenty-third day of Oc-Recital of his tober, in the fifteenth year of his reign, did give and grant unto Majefty'slet- Edward Bancroft, of Downing-ftreet, Weflminfter,doifor in ters patent, phyfick, and fellow of the royal fociety, his executors, adminiftrators, 'and afitgnSy his faid Majefly s efpecial licence, full power: foie privi-lege and authority to make, ufey exercife, and vend his the faid Edward Bancroft’s invention of ufing certain vegetables growing fport-taneoufiy in his Majefly's American dominions^ and their tingenty flamingo or colouring parts and particles, for dyings flamingo printings paintings or other wife communicating certain valuable colour s9 in9 upon, or to wooly hairs furs filK hemps cottons linen, JkinSs leather, papers and woody and to the feveral produilionSs manufactures, and Jubflances compofed of the fames within his Majefly's kingdom 0/* England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the term of fourteen years: and whereas, in confequence of an ait of parliament made in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majeflys \To prohibit all trade and iptercourfe yvit.li the colonies of Newhampjhires Majfachufet's Bay, Rhode Ifland, Conneiii-cuts New Yorks New Jerfeys Penfylvanias the three lower counties on Delawares Maryland, Virginias North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgias and for other purpofes therein ipentipned), and of the fucceeding war, the faid Edward Bancroft has been deprived of the benefit of the faid letters patent: to the end therefore that the faid Edward Bancroft may be reftored to the full benefit of the faid letters patents and be enabled and encouraged to profecute and complete his faid invention, and that his property therein and in Us improvements thereof, may be fecureds fo that the publick may reap all the advantages to be derived therefroms in their fulleft extent; and the faid Edward Bancroft may receive an adequate recompence for his fludys labours expence, and time; may it pleafe your Majefly (at the humble petition of the faid Edward Bancroft) that it may be enabled ; and be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this adt, the foie privilege and advantage of making, ufinS> exercifing, and vending the faid invention, mentioned in tionveftedin the faid letters patent, with the additions and improvements

finq$

*6 Geo, 3 £• 5*

The foie privilege of mak ing and vend ins the inven

Hosted by Google

1785*1 Anno vicefimo quinto dEORfili III. C. 38,	rogi

lince made therein, within that part of his Majefty’s kingdom Edward Ban-of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and croft, his exe-town of Berwick upon Tweed, (hall be, and the fame is here- cutors, etc. by declared to be, veiled in the faid Edward Bancroft, his ex- or 14 y€ars# ecutors, adminiftrators, and affigns, for ahd during the term of fourteen years from thenceforth next enfuing, and fully to be compleat and ended ; and that he the faid Edward Bancroft, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, and every of them, by himfelf or themfelves, or by his or their deputy or deputies, fervants or agents, or fuch others as he the faid Edward Ban-£roft, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall at any time agree with, and'no others, from time to time, and at all times during the term of years herein-before laft mentioned, (hall, and lawfully may, make, ufe, exercife, and vend the faid invent tiort herein-before mentioned, with all and every the additions and improvements thereof, within that part of his Majefty’s kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, in fuch manner as to him the faid Edward Bancroft, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, or any of them, (hall, in his or their difcretion, feem meet; and that the faid Edward Bancroft, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, and every of them, (hall and lawfully may have and enjoy the whole profit, benefit, commodity, and advantage, from time to time, coming, growing, accruing, and arifing, by reafon of the faid invention, for and during the (aid tfcrtn of fourteen years, herein-before laft mentioned; to have, hold, exercife, and enjoy the faid privileges and authorities, and every part thereof, unto the faid Edward Bancroft, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, for and during, and unto the full end and term of fourteen years, from the paffing of this adl as aforefaid; and that no other perfon or perfons Penalty on 0-within that part of his Majefty’s kingdom of Great Britain call,- ther perfons ed England, the dominion of Wales ^ and the town of Berwick ^tfo^wUh-upon Tweed, (hall at any time, during the fame term of fourteen out iiceafe, years, either diredllv or indiredily, make, ufe, or put in prac- etc. tice the faid invention, or any part of the fame, nor in anywife counterfeit, imitate, or refemble the fame; nor (hall make, or caufe to be made, any addition thereunto, or fubftradlion from the fame, whereby to pretend himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, the inventor or inventors, devifor or devifors thereof, without the licence, confent, or agreement of the faid Edward Bancroft, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, in writing under his or their hand and leal, or hands and feals, firft had and obtained, in that behalf, upon fuch pains and penalties as can or may be juftly inflidted on fuch offender or offenders, for his, her, 6v their contempt of this adl; and further to be anfwer-able to the faid Edward Bancroft, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, according to law, for his or their damages thereby ©ccafioned.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That nothing This a& neft contained in this adl (hall extend, or beconftrued to extend, to to hinder the

prejudice ufin8anyin'

Ho:	/	Google

no

vention which is not the invention or application of Edward Bancroft, etc.

If Edward Bancroft, etc. ihall transfer the privilege of his invention to more than five per-fons, etc.

or (ball do any thing contrary to the recited a ft.

6Geo.i.c.i8,

Anno vicefimo quinto GboKGII III. c< 3 8/	fi -?8gi.

prejudice or hinder any perfon or perfons from making or ufing any invention, which is not of the invention of application of ‘the laid Edward Bancroft, of ufing certain vegetables growing fpontaneoully in North America, as defcribed in his Majefty’s letters patent aforefaid, or which is not, or at the date of the faid letters patent was not, a new invention, as to the publick ufe and exercife thereof within that part of his Majefty’s kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that every objedior* which might have been juftly made to the faid invention not being a new invention within the true intent and meaning of an ad of the twenty-firft of James the Firft, fufiicien't to invalidate letters patent, may be made in bar to any adion brought by virtue or in confequence of this ad.

III.	Provided alfo. That if the faid Edward Bancroft, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, or any perfon or perfons who (hall, at any time during the faid term of fourteen years from the palling of this ad, have or claim any right, title, or intereft, in law or equity, of, in, or to the power, privilege, or authority of the foie ufe and benefit of the faid invention, (hall make any transfer or aflignment, or pretended transfer or aflignment, of the faid liberty or privilege hereby granted to the faid Edward Bancroft, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, or any lhare or (hares of the benefit or profits thereof, or (hall declare any trufts thereof to or for any number of perfons exceeding the number of five, or (hall open, or caufe to be opened, any book or books for publick fubfcriptions to be made, by any number of perfons exceeding the number of five, in order to the raifing of any fum or fums of money, under pretence of carrying on the faid liberty or privilege hereby granted to the faid Edward Bancroft, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, or (hall, by him or themfelves, or his or their agents or fer-vants, receive any fum or fums of money whatfoever of any number of perfons exceeding in the whole the number of five, forfuch or the like intents or purpofes, or (hall prefume to ad as a corporate body, or (hall divide the benefit of the liberty or privilege hereby granted to the (aid Edward Bancroft, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, into any number of (hares exceeding the number of five, or (hall commit or do, of procure to be committed or done, any ad, matter, or thing whatfoever, during fuch time as the faid Edward Bancroft, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, or any fuch perfon or perfons (hall have any fuch right, title, or intereft, either in law or equity, which (hall be contrary to the true intent and meaning of an ad of parliament made in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, (intituled, An aft for the better fecuring certain pcivers and privileges intended to be granted by his Majefty, by two charters for ajfurance of /hips and merchandizes at fea, and for lending money upon bottomry ; and for refraining feveral extravagant and unwarrantable praftices therein mentioned), or irt cafe the faid power, privilege, or authority, (hall at any time

bee 01*6

Hosted by

Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto Geokgii III. c.39.’	111

become vefted in, or in truft for more than the number of five

perfons, or their reprefentatives, at any one time, otherwife than

by devife or fucceffion, (reckoning executors and adminiftrators

as and for the Angle perfon whom they reprefent, as to fuch

intereft as they are or (hall be intitled to in right of fuch their

teftator or inteftate); that then, and in every of fuch cafes, all then this act

liberties and advantages whatfoever, hereby granted and vefted y^ecome

in the faid Edward Bancroft his executors, adminiftrators, and

afligns, (hall utterly ceafe, determine, and become void; any

thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any-

wife notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled and declared by

the authority aforefaid. That if the faid Edward Bancroft, his Edward Ban-executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, or fomeone of them, (hall	ec?

not particularly defcribe and afcertain the nature of the faid in- ficati0n ofthe vention, in its prefent improved ftate, by an inftrument pnder nature of his his hand and feal, and caufe the fame to be inrolled in the high invention to court of chancery, within four calendar months after the paff- enrolled in ing of this adt, that then all the liberties, powers, privileges, ^thin four and advantages, hereby granted and vefted in the faid Edward months\ or Bancroft, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, (hall ceafe, tolofe the determine, and be and become abfolutely void ; any thing here- benefit of this in-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith- ac * ftanding.

V.	Anti be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That Publick act. this adfc (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick

adt; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleads ing the fame.

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft for the better preferring and maintaining the piers and harbour of Cromarty in North Britain.

WHEREAS Cromarty Bay in North Britain, has, in all times been a mcji fafe road ftead to jhips of all nations overtaken with forms, in any part ofthe German ocean; and the erection of a pier and harbour, has been judged beneficial to navigation in general, and to the commerce of that part of the united kingdoms in particular: and whereas George Rofs of Cromarty, efquire, proprietor of the barony of Cromarty, and of the port and harbour, has given up, for the benefit ofthe publick, the ground and coaft necefary to be occupied by the faid harbour and pier; and his Majejly has been gracioufy pleafed to grant the futn of five thoufand pounds, out of the produce of the forfeited eftates in Scotland, towards ere ft ing the faid . harbour and pier: and whereas the main pier is erefted\ and one of the other piers, or jettees, to compleat the faid harbour, is begun to be erefted: and whereas the above fum of five thoufand pounds not being fuff dent for ere ft ing and completing the faid piers and harbour, the faid George Rofs has undertaken to complete the fame at his own e;xpence; but the faid harbour, and piers, of fo great publick utility,

cannot

Hoste >,y

Google

Hi	Anno vkefimo quinto Georqii III. c. 40.	[1785.

tannot be maintained and preferred, without fueh tolls are levied as - may be adequate to that purpofe: and as the fame tannot be effected without the aid and authority of parliament: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted, &c.

Sheriff depute for the counties of Rofs and Cromarty, the provofts of Dingwall and Fortrofe, and the baron baillie of Cromarty, to be truftees. From Aug. 1,1785, truftees may colled the following tolls: For every boll of grain, confiding of 4 firlots, one halfpenny: for every boll of meal, one farthing: for every barrel of Englifti coals, of three bufhels, one halfpenny: for every ton of Scots coals, twenty hundred weight, 3d.: for every grofs of quart bottles, id.: for each 100 bolls of lime, is. 6d.: for each boll of foreign fait, three farthings: for each boll of native fait, one halfpenny: for every 40 folid feet of wood in logs, 4d.: for each 3000 Hates and pantiles, 6d.: for each 1000 bricks, 4d.: for each barrel of falmon, id. iq.: for each 100 falmon kits, is. 8d.: for each barrel of herrings, three farthings: for each 100 barrel hoops, one halfpenny: for each 150 half barrel hoops, one halfpenny: for each 1000 Virginia barrel ftaves', is.: other goods according to value, a per cent.: for each barrel of goods, id.: for each fmall parcel, one halfpenny: for all empty calks, one fourth of what they pay when full. Anchorage duties: Vef-fels of 300 tons, 8s. ditto of aoo, 7s. ditto vof 150, 6s. ditto of 100, 5s. ditto of 75, 43. ditto of 50, 3s. ditto of 30, as. ditto of 15, is. ditto of 6, 6d. under 6, 3d. Owners of vefiels to permit them to be raeafured, on penalty of 5I. Collectors and other officers to be appointed. To prevent evading the payment of the rates and duties, not to enter or clear out, without receipt for duty. Duties to be paid. In cafe of re-fufal, to be levied by diftrefs. Owners of vefiels refufing to pay duties, to forfeit 5I. fterling. Truftees impowered to borrow 3000I. Rates, &c. to be applied to the repair of the works of the harbour. Obftruc-tions to be removed. Goods not to remain on the piers more than forty-eight hours. Warehoufes to be prepared for depofiting goods. Gunpowder and other combuftibles to be removed off the quays. Ships may be removed from one birth to another. Allowing (hips in diftrefs a preference. Throwing ballaft, etc. into the harbour, 40s. penalty. Ballaft, etc. to be removed off the quays. Matters of vefiels anfWerable for damages done by their crews. Fifh not to lye on the quays above forty-eight hours. Penalties and forfeitures above 5I. to be recovered by aftions, and applied to the purpofes of the aft. For recovering penalties under 5I. before a juftice. Penalties and forfeitures may be mitigated. Materials may be taken. Roads to be made to quarries for getting materials. Perfons deftroying the works, may be committed for twelve months. Bye-laws may be made. Saving the right to the ferry, etc. Aft to commence Aug. 1, 1785, and to continue twenty-one years. Aft may be pleaded in aftions brought. Juftices* etc. to aflift in the execution of this act; which fiiall be deemed a publick one.

CAP. XL.

An a51 for more effectually preventing frauds and abufes committed by perfons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worjled yarn, and goods made from worjled^ in the counties of Bedford* Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicefter, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Ifle of Ely.

P ble.	T T T H E R E A S, by an aCt made in the twentyfecond year of the

re. j o£ V V reign of his late majefy King George the Second, intituled, acts’** Geo. An aft for the more effeftual preventing of frauds and abufes a. c. 27; committed by perfons employed in the manufafture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, iron, leather, fur,

hemp.

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c.46.	113

hemp, flax, mohair, and filk manufadures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers* and journeymen hot preflers, and of all perfons employed in the faid feveral manufadures; and for the better payment of their wages; and by mother aCt, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent majejiy King George the Third, intituled, An ad to amend an 14 Geo. 3. e* ad, made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late 44; majefty King George the Second, intituled, Jn aCt for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abufes committed by perfons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fufiian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and filk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers, and journeymen hot prefers, and of all perfons employed in the Jaidfeveral manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages: and by another aCf, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his faid prefent Majejiy, intituled. An ad: to explain and amend an ad:, and 15 Geo* made in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, 3*c. 14.

An act to amend an a51, made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late majejiy King George the Second, intituled, An a5i for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abufes committed by <c perfons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the ivoollen, c< linen, fuflian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and iXfilk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot prejfers, and of all perfons <c employed in the faid feveral manufactures; and for the better pay-€i ment of their wages ” certain penalties and punijhments in the faid aCls reffectively mentioned^ are inflicted upon all perfons. who Jhall reel floor t or falfe yarn, and on perfons embezzling the materials ufed in the faid manufactures: and whereas the good purpofes in the faid taivs have been greatly fruflrated, from the manufacturers of combing wool, worfied yarn, and goods made from worjled, being unwilling to expofe themfelves fingly to the lofs attending the refentment of the fpinners and work-people, by profecuting them for offences againjl the faid ads: and whereas this important branch of the woollen manufacture will be greatly prejudiced thereby, unlefs the manufacturers are enabled jointly to cany thefe laws into effectual execution; which cannot be done without the aid of parliament: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That a general meeting of the manufadurers of General combing wool,, worded yarn, and goods made from worded, in meeting of the counties of Bedford, Huntingdon,, Northampton, Leicefler,™flf opointed Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Ifie of Ely, (hall be held at Ket- r ■	*

tering, in the county of Northampton, upon the fecOnd Tujday in the month of Auguft next enfuing after the palling of this ad, it the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon of the fame day, notice of which ihall be givgn in the Northampton,

Cambridge, Stamford, and Lincoln newfpapers, at lead twenty-one days before the faid meeting, by the clerk of the peace for the Vol. XXXV.	I	county

Hosted by Google

114	Anno	vicefimo	quinto	Georgii	III. c. 40. [1785.

county of Northampton; at which faid general meeting the faid manufacturers prefent, by themfelves or proxies appointed by writing under the hands of any fuch manufacturers, fuch proxies (if any) being alfo manufacturers, (hall have votes; and having firft chofen a chairman, the (aid manufacturers (hall who are to eleCt, nominate, and appoint eighteen perfons from amongft chufe a com- themfelves, in the manner and proportions following;’ videlicet, mittee. from the county of Bedford three; from the county of Huntingdon three; from the county of Northampton three; from the county of Leicefter two ; frormthe county of Rutland two; from the county of Lincoln three, videlicet, one from the parts of Lindfey, one from the parts of Holland, and one from the parts, of Kejleven\ and from the Ife of Ely two; which faid eighteen perfons, fo to be elected, (hall be a committee of the faid manufacturers for the time being, and until another committee (hall be chofen and appointed in the manner herein-after pro-Powersof the vided, and fo as often as there fhali be occafion; which corn-committee. mittee are hereby authorifed and impowered to nominate and recommend proper perfons for the (aid counties, and the faidt Ife of Ely refpeCtively, to be licenfed by the juftices of the peace of the faid counties, and the faid Ife of Ely refpeCtively, at any of their quarter feffions, or any adjournment thereof, or if vux adjournment, then by two juftices of the peace for any of the faid counties, and the faid Ife of Ely> to be infpe&ors for the purpofes herein-after mentioned ; and the faid committee (hall alfo have the direction of all profecutions of offenders againft this and the faid before-mentioned aCts, and the management of the fund or fuods herein-after to be created, and (hall have power to do all other matters and things which may be deemed neceffary and proper" for carrying this a Cl into execution, in fuch manner as the faid committee of the manufacturers for the time being, or the majority of them, at a quarterly meeting to be affembled, (hall judge and think beft for the intereft and advantage of all the faid manufacturers in the faid counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicefer, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Ife of Ely.

Committee to II. And be it further enaCted, That it (hall be lawful for appoint a	the faid committee, or the majority of them, at any quarterly

clerk;	meeting affembled, and they are hereby authorifed and required,

from time to time, to nominate and appoint, by writing under their hands, a proper perfon or perfons to be their clerk or clerks for the feveral counties before mentioned, and the Ife of his duty. Ely; which faid clerk or clerks (hall attend the meetings of the faid committee, and (hall, in proper hooks to be provided for that purpofe, enter and keep true and perfect accounts of all the aCts, proceedings, and tranfaCtions of the faid committee; and that each and every of the faid manufacturers (hall and may, at all convenient times, have recourfe to and perufe and infpeCt all fuch books gratis^ and may demand and have copies thereof, or of any part thereof, paying two-pence for every one hundred words fo'to be copied; and if any

'	'	fuch

Hosted by Google

*7$5'j Anno vlcefiino quinto Georgii III. c. 40.	15

fuch clerk fhall refufe to permit any fuch manufacturer to infpeft any fuch book, or refufe to make copies or extracts thereof, at the rate or times aforefaid, he ftlall, for every fuch offence; forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered in fuch manner as any other penalties inflicted by this ad are direded to be recovered.

III. And be it further enaded, That for the purpofes afore- Quarterly faid a meeting of the faid committee for the time being fhall be meetings aP* held four times in every year, (that is to fay), on the Monday Pomte • before Midfummer-day, the Monday before Michaelmas-day, the Monday before the Epiphany, and the Monday before Eafter-day, at eleven of the clock in the forenoon of each and every of the faid days, in any of the counties before-mentioned, which the faid committee fhall think the moft convenient place for tranf-ading the bufmefs; and the committee at fuch quarterly meetings fhall have power to adjourn themfelves from time to time* as occafion may require; the firft of which faid quarterly meetings fhall be held on the firft of the faid days on which the faid quarterly meetings are herein-before appointed to be held, which (ball firft happen after the eledion of fuch committee for the feveral counties before mentioned, and the faid Ifle of Ely, and at fuch place as fhall be fixed and agreed upon by fuch committee after their eledion; and at fuch firft quarterly meet- Chairman to ing, and every fubfequent quarterly meeting, of fuch committee be chofen* for the time being, a chairman for each of fuch quarterly meetings fhall be chofen, and the place at which the then next quarterly meeting fhall be held fhall be fixed upon and appointed by tne majority of fuch committee then aftembled, and the chairman of fuch committee is hereby required to caufe fourteen days notice to be given of the time and place of the next following quarterly meeting of fuch committee, in the Northampton^ Cambridge, Stamford, and Lincoln newfpapers; and all Queftions to matters or things that ftlall come before fuch committee for ^determined their determination fhall be determined by a majority of votes b7 a majority, of the members of fuch committee there prefent; and if there fhall be an equality of votes upon any queftion which fhall come before the faid committee, then the chairman (hall have a cafting vote, by which vote fuch queftion in difpute ftlall be determined.

IV. Provided-neverthelefs, That in cafe, at any fuch quar- No bu fin eft to terly meetings, there fhall not be prefent arid aftembled feven he done at of the perfons conffituting fuch committee, then and in fuch	un-

cafe it is hereby declared, that no bufiriefs whatsoever fhall bejefs feven done at fuch meeting, and the majority of the perfons then pre- members are fent fhall caufe fourteen days notice to be given in the Nor- prefent. thampton, Cambridge, Stamford, and Lincoln weekly newfpapers, of the then next enfuing quarterly meeting.

V* Provided* alfo. That if, at anytime after the expiration After two of two years from the pafFing of this a6t, the faid committee years, half-(hall judge it fufficient for the purpofes of this a6t to meet half- fngg onT^may yearly only, inftead of quarterly, that then the faid committee be hallien.

12	lhall

Three committee men may call a fpeciai meeting.

New committee men to be chofen upon vacancies.

If committee neglect their duty.

juft ices may, on complaint thereof, call 2 general meeting.

Anno vicefimo quinto GeorGII III. C. 40# [1785;

(hall not afterwards be obliged to hold their meetings oftener than twice in every year, which meetings (hall be holden upon the Monday before Michaelmas-day, and the Monday before Ea* Jler day; and the committee at every fuch half-yearly meeting (hall be fubjeCt to the like regulations and directions, and (hall have the like powers and authorities, in all refpeCts, as are in this aCt mentioned or contained with refpeCt to the faid quarterly meetings; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That if at any time it (hall appear to any three or more of fuch committee for the time being, that, for the more effectual putting any of the powers granted by this aCt into execution, or for fettling or difeuffing any matters or things whatfoever relative to the fame, a fpeciai meeting of fuch committee is neceffary or expedient to be held, it (hall be lawful for the faid three or more of the faid committee for the time being to direct the clerk to give notice of fuch fpecia! meeting of the committee to every member thereof, fetting forth the place where, and the time when, fuch fpeciai meeting (hall be appointed to be held; and in cafe there (hall be then prefent at fuch fpeciai meeting feven of the faid committee, it fhall be lawful for the faid committee, fo prefent, to proceed in the execution of the powers given by this aCt to fuch committee.

VII. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any one or more of the faid committee for the time being (hall die, or fhall decline bufinefs as a manufacturer or manufacturers, or (hall go to refide in any county not fubjeCt to the regulations of this aCt, or (hall wilfully abfent himfelf or themfelves from the faid quarterly meetings, for the fpace of one year, or refufe to a£t, then and in fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid committee for the time being, at any of their faid quarterly meetings, there being feven of fuch committee then prefent, to chufe another or other proper perfon or perfons, being a manufacturer or manufacturers of combing wool, worried yarn, or goods made from worfted, in his or their place or places, who (hall have the fame power and authority as if ap-> pointed at a general meeting.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That if, at any time hereafter it fhall appear to any fixty or more of the manufacturers of combing wool, worfted yarn, or goods made from worfted, within the faid counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicejier, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Ijle of Ely, that the faid committee for the time being neglect to difeharge their duty, to the ends, intents, and purpofes for which fuch committee was appointed; and in cafe fuch fixty or more cf fuch manufacturers, fo diffatisfied, (hall, in writing under their hands, make complaint thereof to the juftices of the peace for the county of Northamptony in any of the general or quarter feflions of the peace, or in any adjournment thereof, tor the aforefaid county, to be held and affembled, then and in

fuch

Hosted by Goo<

1785-] Anno vicefimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 40.	117

fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch juftices, in fuch feflions af-fembled, and they are'hereby required (if they (hall think proper, after hearing the nature of fuch complaint) to call and appoint a general meeting of the manufacturers of combing wool, worfted yarn, and goods made from worfted, within the aforefaid counties, and the,f/Z? of Ely, at fuch time and place as fuch juftices (hall think proper, and (hall alfo caufe notice to be given of fuch general meeting of fuch manufacturers as aforefaid, in the Northampton, Cambridge, Stamford, and Lincoln newfpapers, fetting forth the place where, and the time when, fuch general meeting (hall he held, the fame not being lefs than twenty-one days after fuch notice given in the faid papers, and which notice (hall be continued in the faid papers until fuch meeting (hall be held; and it (hall be lawful for fuch manufacturers, then prefent at fuch general meeting, called and held in manner aforefaid, to eleCt, nominate, and appoint a committee, ccnfifting of the fame number of perfons, and in the like manner, and under and fubjeCt to the like orders, regulations, and directions as is and are herein-before laid down and ordered for the election of the firfl: committee; and the perfons fo elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new committee in manner aforefaid, (hall thereupon be invefted with the fame powers and authorities as the former committee were invefted with.

IX.	And^ for preventing frauds and abufes for the future by per* fons employed in the faid manufactures ofxombing wool, worftedyarn^ and goods made from worfted, and for the more effectual carrying

this aCt into execution, be it further enaCted, That the juftices of Juftices to ap-the peace for the faid counties, and the JJle of Ely refpeCtively, point infpec-at their next quarter feflions of the peace to be holden for the tors )arn-faid counties, and the faid Ifte of Ely refpeCtively, or any adjournment thereof, after Michaelmas next after the pafling of this act:, or in cafe of no adjournment, then any two juftices (hall and may, and they are hereby authorifed and required to licenfe and appoint fuch perfons of good character and repute, within the aforefaid counties, and the JJle of Ely, as (hall be recommended to the faid juftices by the faid committee of manufacturers, in writing under their hands, to be infpeCtors of worfted yarn within the faid counties, and the Ifte of Ely.

X.	And be it further enaCted, That the faid committee of Committee to manufacturers for the time being (hall and may, and they are ftation infpec-hereby authorifed to ftation fuch infpeCtors for fuch diftriCts in tors, and

the faid counties, and the Ifte of Ely, as the faid committee fhal! think proper, and (hall and may aflign, allow, and pay to the faid infpeCtors fo appointed, fuch yearly falaries as the faid committee (hall think proper, to be paid out of the fund herein-af-ter mentioned to be raifed for that and the other purpofes of this aCt, and alfo (hall and may remove, difmifs, and difplace any of fuch infpeCtors, who by ficknefs, or any other accident,

(hall be rendered incapable of ferving the faid office, or (hall rni(behave, or not conduCt himfelf or themfelyes to the fatis-faCtioA of fuch committee.

I 3 .	XL	And

Hosted by Google

u 8

Infpe&ors to life diligence in convifting and bringing offenders to juftice:

tbeir power.

Directions how worfted yarn (ball be reeled.

Bedfordfhire,

Huntingdon-

(hire.

Northampton {hi re.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c.40*	[1785.

XI. And be it further enaded, That the faid infpe&ors for the time being, fo appointed, (hall Severally and refpe&ively, in the fevera] diftridts allotted to them by the faid committee, ufe all due diligence and induftry for the convicting and bringing to juftice all offenders againft this and the faid former acts, and glfo (hall and do from time to time, and as ofren as they (hall be thereto required by the faid committee, infpe& the fe-veral reels of all and every the fpinners of worfted yarn in their feveral and refpective diftricts within the faid counties, and the IJle of Ely, and alfo the hanks of worded yarn, in order to fee that the directions herein-after laid down for reeling fuch yarn be complied with; and alfo (hall and do, from time to time, when and as they, or any of them, (hall deteCt any perfon or perfons offending againft this, or the faid former adts, lodge informations againft fuch offender or offenders before any juftice or juftices of the peace for the county or place where fuch offence (hall be committed, and prolecute fuch offender or offenders to conviction: and it (hall be lawful for every fuch infpec-tor, from time to time, as occafion (hall require, to infpeCt the yarn in the cuftody oi any manufacturer or putter-out of wool, or of any agent or agents hired or employed by him, or of any fpinner of fuch wool or worfted yarn, within the faid counties, and the IJle of Ely, and in cafe any fuch perfon (hall refufe to fliew and produce the yarn in his cuftody, he (hall forfeit and pay fuch fum of money, not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, if a manufacturer or putter-out of wool, or an agent or agents, qr perfon or perfons hired or employed to put out wool; and if a fpinner pr fpinners, then a fum not exceeding twenty (hillings, nor lefs than five (hillings, as fuch* juftice or juftices before whom he, (he, or they (hall be convicted, (hall think proper, to be recovered and applied as herein* after mentioned.

XII. And be it further enaCted, That every perfon or perfons employed or undertaking to fpin or reel worfted yarn for hire in the faid counties, and the Ife of Ely, (hall reel, or caufe or procure the fame to be reeled, either upon a yard red of thirty-fix inches, or a feven quarter reel of fix* ty-three inches, or a two yard reel of feventy-two inches round; and when fuch worfted yarn (hall be fo reeled, each and every feveral hank or fkain of fuch worfted yarn which (hall be fo reeled (hall confift of or contain fuch a number of raps or -leas, each and every of which raps or leas confiding of or containing eighty threads of fuch worfted yarn, as is herein-after f fpefcified ; (that is to fay,) the worfted yarn fpun in the county of Bedford (hall be fix or feven leas reeled on the yard reel, and fix leas reded on the feven quarter reel, and fix leas reeled on the eight quarter, or two yard reel, according to the cuftom of that county: the worfted yarn fpun in the county of Huntingdon (hall be fix or feven leas reded upon the yard reel, and fix leas reeled on the feven quarter reel, and fix leas reeled on the eight quarter, or two yard red, according to the cuftom of that county : the worfted yarn fpun in the county of Northampton

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo qulnto Georgii III. c.40.	119

fhall be fix or feven leas to the fkain, reeled on the yard reef,

according to the cuftom of that county: the worfted yarn fpun Leicefter-

ini the county of Leicejier (hall be fix or feven leas reeled upon

the yard reel, according to the cuftom of that county: the Rutlandfture.

worfted yarn fpun in the county of Rutland (hall be fix or feven

teas reejed upon the yard reel, according to the cuftom of that

county: the worfted yarn fpun in the county of Lincoln (hall be Lincolnfliire.

feven leas, reeled upon the yard reel, or two yard reel: and the

worfted yard fpun in the IJle of Ely (hall be feven leas reeled up- Ifle of Ely.

on the yard reel, and fix leas reeled on the feven quarter reel,

and; fix leas reeled on the eight quarter, or two yard reel.

. XIII. And be it further enaCted, That all perfons employed General re-to put out wool for fpinning, (hall confine themfelves either to gulations for fix or feven lead yarn, but (hall by no means put out both ^UQojrJ:Qrout from the fame place, nor (hall any fuch perfon or perfons take fpinning etCf in, or have in his pofleffion at’ one or the fame time, the wool or yarn belonging to more than'one manufacturer; and that every perfon or perfons who (hall put out wool, or take in yarn, other wife than as above fpecified, (hall pay forty (hillings, upon conviction of fuch offence by the oath (or, if the witnefs be of the people called Quakers^ folemn affirmation) of one witnefs, which penalty (hail be paid into the hands of the neareft infpedor, and (hall be levied by warrant under the hand and feal of the juftice before whom fuch offender (hail be convicted, for the benefit of the perfons interefted in the fund herein-after directed to be eftablifhed; and that the faid committee may and (hall give inftructions to the fpinners, or agents employed to put out wool for fpinning, that every hank or fkain (hall be the work of one fpinner only; and that if any perfon (hall be fufpeCted of having mixed the work of two or more fpinners in one hank, and it (hall be made appear before one juftice of the peace, by the oath (or, if the infpeCtor is of the people called Quakers, by the folemn affirmation) of the infpeCtor, that in his opinion the fufpeCted hank or hanks is or are of fuch different degrees of finenefs as will be prejudicial to the faid manufacturers, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for the laid juftice to conviCt the perfon who (hall have delivered in the faid hank or hanks of having mixed the fame as aforefaid, and fuch perfon, for every fuch hank, (hall forfeit the fum of fixpence; and if a pound of yarn, more or lefs, be wrapt about with a (kain of yarn, it (hall be equal in goodnefs, and contain the fame number of leas as the hanks in the pound or pounds are directed to be; and that the leas be divided in manner following; (that is to fay,) three double leas and a fingle lea for the feven leas, 2nd three double leas for the fix lead yarn: provided always. That every fpinner to whom any wool of yarn (hall be put out by any manufacturer, who (hall -keep the fame in his or her cuftody more than four months before it is wrought or delivered back to fuch manufacturer, or his agent, (hall be deemed guilty of embezzling the fame.

XIV* And he it further enaCled, That if any perfon or per-

I 4	*	Tons,

Hoste Google

120

Penalties on fa!fe reeling of worfted yarn,

Anno vicefimo quinto Georg II III. c. 40. [ 1785.

fons, hired or employed in the combing of wool, or in the fpinning, reeling, winding, or weaving of worfted yarn, or jtx the preparing or working up any of the materials ufed in the faid manufadures, in the faid counties, or the IJle of Ely, (hall reel, or caufe to be reeled, or tie up, or caufe to be tied up, any worfted yarn, contrary to the directions before fpeci-fied and laid down for the reeling and tying up fuch yarn,' of (hall conceal, keep back, embezzle, fell, or otherwife difpofe of any wool, or other materials intruded with him, her, or them, to fpin, or for other purpofes, and (hall of all or any of fuch feveral offences be lawfully convided, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, liberty, division, city, town, or place, where fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, upon the oath (or, if the owner thereof be of the people called Quakers, folemn affirmation) of the owner of fuch yarn or wool, or upon the oath or affirmation as afore* faid of the infpedor or infpedors appointed as aforefaid, or of any one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, (which oath or affirmation fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter*) or by the confeffion of the perfoa or perfons charged with all or any of fuch offences, every fuch per fort (hall, for each and every fuch offence, be fubjed and liable to the fame penalties and puniftiments as are feverally inflicted by the faid former ads, fo far as the faid former ads, or any of them, are unrepealed; all which penalties (hall be recovered, and puniftiments inflided, in the manner direded by the faid ads, or any of them, and which faid penalties (hall be publickly diftributed, by the conftable of the townfhip, parifh, or place, where fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, in the prefence and under the direction of the faid infpedor or infpedors, amongft the poor of fuch townfhip, parifti, or place, '

XV”. Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the fubjeding any profecutor or profecutors of any offender or offenders againff this, and the faid former ads, to any charges or expetices of conveying fuch offender or offenders to prifon; but fuch charges and expences (hall be paid and borne by the conftable or other officer conveying fuch offender or offenders to prifon, and fuch conftable or other officer (hall be reimburfed and repaid fuch charges and expences, in like manner as he is reimburfed and repaid any other charges or expences incurred in his faid office,

XVI.	Provided neverthelefs. That no part or (hare of fuch penalties or forfeitures be given to fuch offender or offenders, his, her, or their family or families.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That if any agent or per-fon hired or employed to put out wool to be fpun into worfted yarn, (hall have in his or her cuftody or poffeffion any worfted

..........  yarn	not reeled according to the diredions herein-before fpeci-

coyef perfons fled s*nd laid down for the reeling thereof, and (hall refufe, or

pot

Profecutors not liable to charges of conveying offenders to prifon.

No part of penalties to be giyen to offenders or their fa ini lies. Penalty on agents reft* (lug to dif-

Hosted by Google

1785O Anno vicefimo quinto GeorgIi III. c.40.	121

not fet forth and give in evidence, before any of his MajeftyY guilty of falfe juftices of the peace for the county, liberty, divifion, city, town, reding, or place, wherein fuch agent or perfon {hall refide, being thereto required, what perfon or perfons. was or were the reeler or reelers of fuch falfe or (hort yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the fame, fo that the perfon or perfons who reeled or caufed to be reeled fuch falfe or fliort yarn may be lawfully convidled thereof in manner aforefaid, he, (he, or they, fo refilling, or not fetting forth, or giving in evidence as aforefaid, and being thereof-lawfully convidled, upon,the oath of any perfon or perfons, before any fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five (hillings for every parcel of yarn made up as and for a pound, fo falfe and fliort reeled, which (hall be found in his or her cuftody; all which penalties, inflidted by this adl, dial I be recovered in the fame manner as the penalties inflidled by the faid former adls are di-redted to be recovered, and (hall go, be paid, and applied by every fuch perfon, and in fuch manner and form, to the poor of the townftiip or place, as the penalties herein^before mentioned are diredted to be paid and applied.

XVIII.	And forafmuch as doubts have arifen,whether the goods Goods of and chattels of a hujband, wbofe wife fhall offend againjl the faid ^h^wivcs former aftsy are liable to diftrefs and fale for raifmg the penalties offend, liable thereby created; be it therefore further enadled, That, from and to diftrefs after the palling this adl, all fuch penalties as fhall be incurred and fale. by any married woman or married women (hall and may be recovered, levied, and raifed, by diftrefs and fale of the goods

and chattels of the hufband or hulbands of fuch married woman or women fo offending againft this adl, in the manner diredled by the faid former adls, or any of them.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enadled. That if Upon the any perfon who (hall be fo appointed an infpedlor of worfted death of in-* yarn (hall happen to die, or (hall be removed or difplaced from otfierTtobe his faid office, it (hall be lawful for the juftices of the peace of appointed, the faid counties, or the IJle of Ely refpedtively, in quarter feffi-

ons affembled, or in any adjournment thereof, to licenfe fome other proper perfon or perfons to be an infpedlor or infpedlors of worfted yarn within the faid counties, and the IJle of Ely, upon the recommendation of the committee men, or the majority of them, redding in fuch county, or the Ife of Ely9 within which the infpedlor or infpedlors, fo dying, removed, or difplaced, (hall have adled; which faid perfon or perfons (hall be jnvefted with all the powers, and fubjedl to the like removal, jand liable to the like penalties for any breach or negledl of duty, as the infpedlor or infpedlors in whofe place or places he or they (hall be appointed to fucceed, was or were invefted with, or fubjedl or liable to.

XX.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe any infpedlor Pumfhment or infpedlors, fo appointed as aforefaid, fhall at any time or of infpectors times hereafter take or receive, from any perfon or perfons of- fen^e^from feuding againft this or the faid former adls, any fum or fums of jUftiCe.

money,

-	Hosted by	Google

122

Anno vtcefimo quinto GeoRGH III. c.40. £1785.

money, or any other thing whatfoever, to fcreen from juftice* or other wife to hinder or prevent fuch perfon or perfoos* fo offending as aforefaid, from being convicted for fuch offence or offences, and being thereof convicted upon oath (or, if the witnefs be of the people called Quakers^ folernn affirmation) of two or more credible witneffes, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, liberty, divifion, city, town, or place where fuch offence (hall be committed (which oath or affirmation fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby ipi-powered to adminifter), then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace to commit fuch in-fpeCtor or infpeCtors, fo offending, to the houfe of correction, or other pubiick prifon, in the county, divifion, liberty, city, town, or place, where fuch offence (hall be committed, for the fpace of one month.

XXI.	And whereas, by feveral aCfs of parliament made in the tenth and tzvelfth years of the reign of Jpueen Anne, and feveral fnhfequent adsy the collectors of the duties upon foap, by the faid aCls granted, are directed to pay out of the monies in their hands, by way of drawback, unto any perfon or perfons who Jhould employ any quantity °f foaP in tie making of any manufacture whereof the greatefi part of the value of the materials Jhould be wool, or in preparing the wool for the famey the duties upon the foap fo fpent and confumed as aforefaid \ and to the end that a fufficient fund may be raifed for defraying the expences in and about obtaining this aCi, and for paying the falaries of the infpeCtors, and clerk or clerks to be appointed under and by virtue and for the purpofes of this aCty as aforefaid, and all other necejfary expences attending the carrying this aCl into execution, under the direction of the faid committee, be it further enabled. Fund to be That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every the eftabhfbed for co]le6tor or collectors, fupervifor or fupervifors, or other perfon expences of6 or Per^ons employed in the collection of the duties on foap the execution within the counties aforefaid, and the faid Ifle of Ely, and who oftbis act. ,by the faid acts are directed to pay fuch drawback of the duties on foap to fuch manufacturers as aforefaid, and fuch collector or collectors, fupervifor or fupervifors, or other perfon or per-r v	Tons, is and are hereby required from time to time to deduCt

and retain the fum of four-pence out of every (hilling, to which any perfon, being a matter manufacturer of combing woo), worfted yarn, or goods made from worfted, refiding within the counties aforefaid, or the 7/7<? of Ely, (hall from time to time hereafter be entitled, and of which he, (he, or they (hall de-> mand payment under or by virtue of the faid aCts, or any other aCt or aCts of parliament whatfoever, as and for the duties of and for all foap fpent, employed, and confumed in the comb-: ing of wool, making of worfted yarn, or any kind of goods made from worfted, or preparing the wool for the fame, in the faid counties, and the Ifle of Ely y and fuch collector or collectors, fupervifor or fupervifors, or other perfon or perfons, and each and every of them, (hall feverally and refpeCtively pay, or £aufe to be paid, into the hands of the treafurer of treafurers

i	appointed!

Hosted by Google

1785*] Anno vicefimo quinto Georg II III. C.40.	123

appointed by the faid committee, at their quarterly meeting (demand being made thereof), all and every the fum or fums of money by him, them, or any of them, fo deduced, retained, had, or received, under and by virtue, and for the pur-pofes of this ad, fuch treafurer or treafurers giving fecurity, to the fatisfadion of the faid committee, for all fums fo received by him or them.

XXII.	Provided neverthelefs. That the drawback of the du- Drawback on ties on all foap which (hall be fpent, employed, or confumed f?apftufe£ m within the faid county of Leicejler, in preparing and combing mLufactu^ of wool, and making of worfted yarn, ufed in the flocking- inXeicefter-weaving manufadure, and in fitting wove ftockings for fale, fhire exempt lhall, upon oath, (or, if the perfon be of the people called fro*nthede“ Quakers, folemn affirmation) being firft made, that the foap duc lon* was fpent, employed, and confumed in the faid flocking-weaving manufadory, be entirely exempted from the above-mentioned deduction; which oath or affirmation anyjufticeof the

peace is hereby impowered to adminifter.

XXIII.	Provided alfo. That the faid committee may and Power to re-flhall repay all manufadurers of haroteens that make their own Pa? ™a^Uua<> yarn, within the county of Northampton, whofe rate of fpinning roteen^in^ does not exceed ten fkains dr hanks in a pound on the average, Northamp-fix leas to the hank or fkain on the yard reel, half of the mo- tonfliire part ney which (hall have by them been paid out of their drawback

on foap/the preceding year, fuch manufadurers certifying the their°draw-fame to the faid committee oh oath (or, if the perfon be of the backs, people called gtuaken^ folemn affirmation), which oath or affirmation any juftice of the peace is hereby impowered to ad-tninifter; but if a manufadurer makes any other fort of goods befides haroteens, or any other fort of yam befides that which is ufed in the manufaduring of haroteens, he (hall be fubjed to the fame drawback, or dedudion, out of his drawback, as any other maker of worfted yarn.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded. That the faid treafurer or The treafur-treafurers for the time being (hall,- out of the money hereafter ers t0 repay to be received by him or them in manner aforefaid, pay the Qfthjga^out charges and expences of obtaining and paffing this ad* and the 0f monies to expences relative thereto, together with intereft for all or any be received, part of fuch .expences, the falaries of the infpedors and clerk herein-before direded to be appointed, the expences of all pro-fecutions in fupport of this, and the faid former ads, and fuch

other charges and expences as may be hereafter incurred or expended for the fupport and encouragement of the faid manufadure, as the faid committee, in committee aflembled, (hall, by writing under their hands, dired or appoint; and the faid treafurer or treafurers is or are alfo hereby required not to pay any fum or fums of money, to be hereafter received by him or them for the purpofes of this ad, in manner aforefaid, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever, or for any purpofes whatfoever, without fuch order, diredion, or appointment in writing, under the hands of fuch. committee for the time being, in committee

aflembled •

Hosted by Google

The rate of Ad. in the Shilling may be increafed or reduced.

Water mill fpinning machines not to be fubject to the provifions of the act.

Members of the committee within each county, or the Hie of Ely, may ap-

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. [1785.

affembled ; and fuch treafurer or treafurers (ball lay their account before the faid committee for examination whenever they may require the fame, and (hall return and tranfmit to fuch committee a true and perfed account of all and every the fum or fums of money which (hall have come to his or their hands, or been paid by him or them, from time to time, as often as the faid committee (hall require the fame.

' XXV. And it is hereby further enaded, That in cafe, at any time hereafter, the monies herein-before direded and ordered to be paid into the hands of the treafurer or treafurers for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall, after payment of all and every the charges and expences herein-before ordered and direded to be paid thereout, amount to the fum of two hundred pounds only, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for the faid committee, by writing under their hands, to make orders for increafing the aforefaid four-pence per (hilling, which the colledors and fuper-vifors of excife are herein-before direded to retain in their hands, to any fum not exceeding fixpence in the (hilling, as they may think neceffary, until the fund (hall amount to five hundred pounds; and from time to time, upon like application, reduce the fame to three-pence, two-pence, or one penny, fo as the fund in the treafurer or treafurers hands (hall not exceed five hundred pounds, nor be reduced to lefs than two hundred pounds, and fo as the fame (hall not exceed the rate, proportion, or fum of fixpence/w (hilling, herein-before direded to be deduded and retained as aforefaid.

XXVI.	And whereas it is found inconvenient to fubjeft certain machines, wherein worfted yarn is fpun by means of a water mill, to the entrance of an infpeftor or infpeftorsbe it therefore enaded, That all fuch machines (hall be exempted from the feveral provifions of this ad, and that no order of any of the aforefaid committees (hall have power to extend to the drawback allowed on foap ufed in the wafhing of wool to be fpun in the faid machines : provided that all perfons pofifeffed of any fuch machines* who (hall alfo give out wool to be fpun by hand, (hall caufe the wool intended for fpinning by hand to be wa(hed in fome place or places different and diftant from that whereat they (hall walh the wool for any fuch machine, and (hall from time to time exhibit to the colledors or fupervifors of his Majefty’s excife, and to the committee aforefaid, if required, a feparate account of the wool wafhed in each place, and intended for each purpose herein mentioned, which account (hall be* verified upon oath (or, if the owner or owners be of the people called g)uaker$x folemn affirmation) of the owner or owners, condudor or con-dudors of fuch machines, which oath or affirmation any juftice of the peace is hereby impowered to adminifter.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for fuch of the members of the faid committee as (hall be appointed for, or refide within any of the faid counties refpedively, or the faid Ife of Ely, or the majority of them, and they are hereby refpedively authorifed and impowered from

time

. Hosted by

Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGH III. c. 40,	125

time to time, whenever they (hall judge neceflary, to appoint point addi-luch number of perfons to be additional infpedors within and tionai infpec-for their refpedive counties, or the Ife of Ely (the charges and ^aWe ^ula-expences attending fuch appointment to be paid and defrayed [tons/^1* out of the money fubfcribed or to be fubfcribed, as herein-after mentioned), and alfo to make fuch regulations, and do fuch ads, matters, and things, as they fhall think proper for carrying the purpofes of this ad into execution within, and fo far only as relates to their refpedive counties, or the faid Ijle of Ely (except the removing of infpedors to be nominated by the find committee); and all fuch additional infpedors fo to be appointed (being approved of by the juftices of the peace for fuch refpedive counties, or the Ife of Ely, but not otherwife), (hall have the fame powers and authorities of acting as infpedors within fuch refpedive counties, or the Ife of Ely, for or in re-fped of which they (hall be appointed, as are herein-before given to the infpedors which (hall have been nominated by the faid committee in purfuance of this ad; and that all fuch regulations, ads, matters, and things, fo to be made as aforefaid,

(hall be as valid and effedual as if the fame had been made or done by the faid committee, until the next quarterly meeting of the faid committee, at which quarterly meeting a report (hall be made of fuch regulations, ads, matters, and things, and the faid committee, at fuch quarterly meeting, (hall, and are hereby required to take fuch report into confideration, and to allow and confirm, or difallow and fet afide, or to vary and alter fuch report, and the feveral regulations, ads, matters, and things, therein mentioned, or any part or parts thereof, in fuch manner as they (hall think proper, any thing in this ad to the contrary hereof notwithftanding: provided, that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the appointment of any additional infpedors, or to any regulation, ad, matter, or thing, to be made by fuch members of the faid committee as (hall be appointed for any of the faid counties refpedively, or the faid Ife of Ely, or the majority of them, in refped to the management of the private fubfeription fund within any fuch county, or the Ife of Ely, as herein-after mentioned.

XXVIII.	Jnd whereas fome perfons who are not manufacturers • of combing wool, wotfed yarn, and goods made from w orfed, may have; already fubfcribed', or may■ hereafter fubferibe thorny for encouraging the faid manufacture within their refpedive counties, or within the faid I(le of Ely, be it therefore enaded, That all mo- Application ney which hath been or (hall hereafter be fubfcribed by any	.

perfon or perfons, not being a manufadurer or manufadurers perfons not^ as aforefaid, for or towards encouraging the faid manufadure beine manu-within any of the faid counties, or the faid Ife of Ely, (hall be faefcurers. paid to fuch perfon as (hall be appointed to receive the fame, by fuch of the members of the faid committee as (hall be appointed for, or refide within fuch county, or tlie faid Ife of Ely, and it (hall be. lawful for fuch members of the faid committee, fo ad-ing for, or refiding within fuch county, or the Ife of Ely, and

they

Hosted by Google

Juftices for fouthern divifion of LindTey to act for Lincoln-ihire.

Form of conviction.

Perfon?? aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fef-fions.



Anno vicelimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40,

they are hereby authorifed and impowered to apply and difpofe of fuch money in paying and making proper falaries or allowances to any additional infpedors whom they may think fit to appoint as aforefaid, for fuch county, or the IJle of Ely, and for encouraging the faid manufadure within fuch county, or the faid IJle of Ely, in fuch manner as they (hall, from time to time* think proper, and to or for no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever $ any thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof not-withftanding.

XXIX.	And whereas the county 0/* Lincoln confifts of three feve-ral parts or divifions-y (videlicet), Lindfey, Holland, and Keft-even, be it therefore enaded, That the feveral powers vefted in and by this ad in the juftices of the peace for the refpedive counties included in this ad, (hall be conftrued and taken, as to the faid county of Lincoln^ and the city and county of the city of Lincoln, to be vefted in the juftices of the peace for the fouthern divifion of the parts of Lindfey, within the faid county.

XXX.	And be it further enaded. That the juftice cr juftices before whom any offender (ball be convided as aforefaid, (ball caufe the convidion to be made out in manner and form following; (that is to fay),

BE it rememberedy That on the	day	of

in the year of our Lord A. B. is convifted before me [or us]	of	his

Majeffs juftices of the peace for

[fpecifying the offence, and the place where the fame was committed ; and alfo fpecifying that it was the firjly fecondy or third offencey againjl this afty as the cafe (hall be].

Given under my hand and fealy [or our hands and feals~]y the day and year aforefaid.

Which convidion the faid juftice or juftices (ball caufe to be fairly written on parchment, and returned to the next general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, city, liberty, divifion, town, or place, where fuch convidion (ball be made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept amongft the records of fuch county, city; liberty, divifion, town, or place as Worefaid.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded. That if any perfon or perfons (hall find him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any order , or warrant made by any juftice or juftices of the peace, or upon any convidion before him or them, in purfuance of this ad, fuch perfon or perfons may appeal to the next general quarter feflions to be held for the county, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, which (hall not be held within fourteen days after the caufe of appeal (hall arife, giving ten days notice of fuch appeal to the perfon or periods difeovering the offence on which the convidion was made; and if the juftices at the faid quarter feflions either confirm or cfif- •

annul

Hosted by G( ^Ic

127

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeorgIi III, c. 40*

annul the order or proceedings of the faid juftice or juftices, they (hall allow fuch cofts and charges to the party aggrieved thereby as they (hall think reafonable, to be levied and paid in fuch manner as is ufual in cafes of appeal from any order of the juftices of the peace to the feflions, whofe order therein (hall be final.

XXXII.	Provided neverthelefs, That the perfon or perfons Perfons ap-appealing to fuch quarter feflions of the peace as aforefaid (hall pealing to give fecurity, to the fatisfa&ion of the faid juftice or juftices, fo^rol'ecut^ to profecute fuch appeal with effedf, and to pay the cofts which c p

(hall be afcertained by the faid quarter feflions, in cafe fuch

order or judgement be affirmed; and the juftices in the faid

quarter feflions are hereby authorised to hear and determine fuch

appeal, and to make fuch order therein, and to award ftieh

cofts, as to them (hail appear juft; which order (hall be final Orders to be

and conclufive to all parties, and (hall not be removed or re^ Anal.

moveable, by any writ of certiorari, or otherwife, into any of

his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, or .elfewhere.

XXXIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further ena&ed, Provifo*

That no order or other proceedings fo made or had by or before

any juftice or juftices of the peace, in relation to the premifes,

(hall be qua(hed or vacated for want of form only.

XXXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuit or Limitation of a&ion'fhall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or actions, perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this a6t, every fuch

fuit or action (hall be commenced within fix calendar months,

next after the fa£t committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be

Severally laid, brought, and tried in the county or place wherein

the caufe of a&ion (hall have arifen, and not elfewhere; and

the defendant or defendants in every fuch fuit or acftion (hall

and may plead the general ifliie, and give this adl, and the fpe- General ifluc.

cia! matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and

that the fame was done in purfuance of, and by the authority

of this a6t: and if it (hall appear to be fo done, or if any fuch

fuit or a&ion (hall be brought after the time before limited for

bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other county or

place than as aforefaid, then the jury (hall find for the defendant

or defendants; and upon fuch verditft, or if the plaintiff or

plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difcontinue his, her, or their

adlion after the defendant or defendants dial) have iflpeared, or

if upon demurrer judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff

or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover

treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the'fame as any Treble coft9.

defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts in other cafes

at Jaw.

XXXV* And be it further enabled, That the city and county City of Lin-of the city of Lincoln fhall, for the purpofes of this a<ft only, be ^oln tcVbe deemed and taken to be part of the county of Lincoln, and to thecounty. be within Jthe parts of Lindfey, in the faid county.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted,. That this a<Sl fhall be Publickact. deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick adl; and (hall be

judicially

;	Hosted by- Google

128

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 41* [1785.

judicially taken notice of as fuch ,by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

C A P. XLI.

An att to repeal part of an a£t, paffed in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, “ for the relief and employment of the poor of the parifh of Richmond, in the county of Surrey, and other purpofes in the faid aft mentioned;” and for making new provifions for the relief and employment of the poor, for the repairs of the highways, the paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the ftreets, and other places* in the town and parifh of Richmond aforefaid; for the removal and prevention of annoyances, obftru&ions, and encroachments therein; for in-clofing certain commons or wafte lands within the faid parifh, for the ufe of the poor; and to enable the veftrymen of the faid parifh to erett a workhoufe thereon; and to purchafe land for a burial ground; and alfo to enable his Majefty to fhut up a lane within the faid parifh* called Love Lane.

Aft 6 Geo. 3. c. ya. recited; fo much thereof as relates to the relief and employment of the poor, the repairing the highways, paving, cleanf-ing, lighting, and watching the ftreets, and other places, in the town and parifh of Richmond, and alfo fo much thereof, as provides for the removal and prevention of annoyances, obftruftions, and encroachments therein, is repealed. Thirty-one veftrymen appointed, together with the minifter and churchwardens, and fuch afting juftices as fhall refide in the parifh of Richmond. Veftryfcnen to meet for the purpofe of putting the act in execution, and to bear their own expences, on notice by five veftrymen. Inhabitants impowered to meet and elect other veftrymen* in cafe of death, or removal. Veftrymen to occupy aol. per annum* Electors, for fix months before, to occupy an houfe charged to the poor at ia 1. per ann. and to pay all arrears before voting. Perfons having acted under the act of 6 Geo. 3. to render to the veftrymen a juft account of all monies received, and to pay the fame to them, and to deliver books, papers, and writings, upon pain of imprifonment, till com* pofition made with eleven veftrymen. Veftrymen impowered to make bye-laws; to be confirmed afterwards at a meeting of thirteen or more* Veftrymen to take an oath of office to act impartially, to be adminiftered by five or more veftrymen. Penalty upon veftrymen providing goods, &c. or being concerned in any contract under this act, 50I. a moiety to the informer, the other to the poor. Perfons felling fpirituous liquors by retail, not to be veftrymen. Veftrymen to contract with perfons (for repairing, etc.) who are moft capable of executing their contracts, without the aid of fob contractors; Proceedings of the veftry -men to be entered in proper books. No bufinefs to be done but at a publick meeting. Five veftrymen fofficient to conltitute a meeting. Veftry to irieet annually, to appoint a veftry-clerk and the officers of the parifh. Churchwardens to pay all money they fhall receive to the treasurer. Side{$nen to be elected annually. Sidefmen not to be veftrymen in right of their office. Veftrymen to elect proper perfons to be over-feers. Overfeers refuiing to act, others to* be appointed. Fine for re-fufal to ferve, when chofen as overfeer, 101. Veftrymen to appoint a forveyor of the highways, and to give directions for repairing the highways, and other places. IF the forveyor ffiould die, or neglect his duty, another to be appointed. Proper perfons to be chofen to collect the rates. Allowance to collectors 3d. in the pound. Collectors to give fecurity, and to deliver in their accounts when required; and in cafe of failure, may be imprifoned, etc. until the balance paid. A treaforer to be chofen annually, and to give fecurity. Pound rates to be made for the relief of the poor, and for repairing the highways, etc. Poor’s rate fo much as thirteen veftrymen fhall judge neceffary. Highway rate not to exceed is. 6d. in the pound. Rates to be paid quarterly. Sums afFeff-ed to be entered in books. Landlords of ready furnifhed houfes, to pay

the..

Hosted by Google

t^5-i Anno vicefitiio qulntd (jEORGII ill & 4

the rates of fuch houfes. Veftrymen tq fign the poof rates, and the fame to be allowed by juftices. Veftrymen may compound with the occupiers or owners of houfes tinder iol. per annum. Ajuftice may act in his office, although a. veftrymap, .and inhabitants may be wit-neffts. Rates to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of goods and chattels. Veftrymen to appoint, what number of watchmen they, think fit, and in cafe of death, or milbehaviour, to engage others. The watchmen are impowered to apprehend all malefactors and diforderly perfons, and to deliver them to the conftables, See. Veftrymen to regulate the number Of lamps, and contract for lighting them. Perfons breaking lamps to be fined 40s.. and to be imprifoned till paid., Veftrymen to contract for repairing and cleanfing. the ftreets, &c. and may bring actions againft contractors, not fulfilling their, contracts, and recover penalties. No aOies, dirt,- Sec. to be thrown before any dwelling houfe, or in any pub-lick place. Perfons who fuffer their fwine to go at large, or create riui-fanbes, to' forfeit 40 k. Owners of waterworks taking up the pavement, to repair the feme, and on neglect thereof, the Veftrymen to do fuefr repairs, and recover the expences by diftrefs. Expences of watchine, lighting, &c. to be paid out of the rate. The prefent workhoufe out of repair, and the leafe thereo* near expiring. Veftrymen empowered to erect and build a workhoufe upon part of the commons to be en-cibfed by virtue of this act. Veftrymen empowered to' purchafe a burial ground within the pari(h. Fourteen days notice of meeting for contracts,, to be given, by advertisement, &c. Property of goods, &c. for the ufe of the poor in the workhoufe, vefted in the veftrymen, who are authorized to profecute all perfons who (hall emhezzle any of the (aid goods, etc. Indictments and actions to be laid and brought in the name of the treafurer. Veftrymen impowered to borrow money, if re-quifite, not exceeding 30001. Money borrowed, to be paid off, but not more than 5601. at a time, out of the rates. Bonds to be difeharged by lot. Securities for money tD be entered in a book; and may be aligned. Securities for money already borrowed not to be altered or im- -peached. Vagrants and perfons neglecting or deferring their families; etc. to‘ be apprehended and fent to the workhoufe, and to be fet to labour therein, and their earnings to defray the expences, for fupport of their families. Vagrants to be fent to the workhoufe, and kept to labour. Offenders may be punifhed by abftinence, and clofe confinement. Officers employed by the veftry, who* (hall purloin, etc. to be difeharged, and alfo to forfeit treble the value of the goods embezzled, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of gobds; and for want thereof, may be imprifoned for three, and trot lefs than one month. Veftrymen to eaufe the poor in the workhoufe to be maintained and employed. Money ariiiug from work done there, to be applied in aid of the poor’s rate. Perfons refufmg to faofk, mifbehaving, and not acting confident with the rules of the houfe, (hall be puniflied, by abftinenhe and confinement, at the diferetion of the veftrymen, etc. Encouragement for thofe deferving of the fame. Overfeers and conftables to aid and affift the veftrymen, and obey their warrants, etc. and oh neglect or refufal, pe-* tfalty 5.U to be levied by diftrefs. May appeal to the quarter feffions. Oafual poor to be relieved by a perfoh appointed by the Veftry. State and cireamftatices of cafuai poof, fa relieved, to be laid before the veftrymen, at the next general meeting. Churchwardens, fidefmeny and overfeers, to b£ reftrained from relieving the cafuai poor. Churchwardens and fidefmen to vifit the workhoufe, and report the date there-6f to the veftry. Forfeitures and penalties to be paid to the treafurer, and applied to the purpofes of this act. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diftrefs or imprifonment, etc. as above. How juftices to* proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction. Two commons, or pieces of wafte ground, called the Pefthoufe Common, and the Hill Common. Their Majefties willing to grant, and the perfons having a right 6f common defirous to inclofe the commons. Their Majefties, by writing under their hands, enabled to grant the commons to the veftry. Veftry enabled to inclofe the commons. No building to VOL. XXXV.	&	be

Hosted by Google

*3°	Anno	vicefimo	quinto Ge'oRGII III. C. 42.	[1785.1

be ere«ted en the hill common. Grant of the commons to be entered on the court rolls. Poor of the parifli of Kew to be received into the workhoufe to be built at Richmond. Kew poor to be ufed like Richmond poor. Minifter, &c. of Kew, have power to examine the ftate of their poor received into the workhoufe. His Maiefty enabled to fhut up Love Lane, from the freehold land of George Rofs, cfquire, at the fouth end of the faid lane, to the highway leading from Kew-green to the river fide. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. Order of fefiions to be final. Juftices upon appeals may grant relief. Actions commenced in the name of the treafurer fhall not abate in cafe of ■death, &c. Informers to be paid, at the difcretion of the veftrymen. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form, nor removed by certiorari. Diftreffes not to be deemed illegal for want of form, &c. Plaintiff fhall not recover after notice, or after tender of amends. ^ Limitation of actions not till ten days after tender of amends, and within two calendar months. General iffiie may be pleaded, and the defendant fhall have treble colls if he recover, and to be a publick aft.

CAP. XLII.

An at1 for vejling in Archibald earl tf/'Dundonald, his executorsy adminiflrators, and offtgns, the foie ufe and property of a method of extracting or making tar, pitch, ejfential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, falls, and cinders, from pit coal, throughout his Majejlys dominions, for a limited time.

Preamble. TI7 HEREAS his mo ft excellent majejly King George the His Majefty’s W Third, by his Utters patent under the great feal of Great ^VantedTo^he	hearing	date	at	Weftminfter,	the	thirtieth	day	of	April*

carl of Dun- in twenty-firft year of his reign, did give and grant unto donald. Archibald earl 0/ Dundonald, his executors, adminijlrators, and ajftgns, his efpecial licence, foie power, privilege, and authority, of making, ufwg, exercifing, and vending, within that part of his Majejly s kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town Berwick upon Tweed, his invention of a method of extracting or making tar, pitch, ejfential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, falls, and cinders, from pit coal, for the term offour -teen years, with a provifo, obliging the faid Archibald earl <?/Dun-i donald, by writing under his hand and feal, to caufe a particular defcription of the nature of the faid invention to be inroiled in his Met-jejlfs high court of chancery within four months after the date of the faid recited letters patent: and whereas the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald did, in purfuahee of the faid provifo, caufe a particular defcription of the faid invention to be inrolled in the high court of chancery upon the twentieth day of Auguft, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- one\ which defcription is in the words Specification and form, and Ig the ejfe ft following-, that is to fay: The method of the method I have invented for the extracting of tar, pitch, eflential oils, of extracting volatile alkalies, mineral acids, and falts, and the making of frompit coal* c^n(^ers> ^rom coaU confifts in admitting the external air to ’ have a paffage or paflages through the veffels or buildings in which the coal, from which any of the above fubftances are to be diftilled, is put, whether by itfelf, or along with lime ftone, flints, iron ore, bricks, or any other fubftance, by which means the faid coals, after being kindled, are enabled, c	by

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vlcefimO quinto GeoRG It Iil, c,44/	I31

by their own heat, and without the afiiftahee of any other fire* to throw off, in diftillation or vapour, the tar, oil, alkalies* acids, and fairs they contain, into receivers or condenfing vef-fels, communicating with the veflfels or buildings containing the coals, and at the fame time of roafting, calcining, or burning any fubftances that may be mixed with them 5 it appears to me neceffary, left others encroach on my patent, to defcribe, as above, the principal upon which I ad, in as few words as poftible, and in fuch a manner as will admit of no ambiguity t therefore, according 10 what is above fet forth and declared, perfons who fhall extrad tar, etcetera, from pit coals in veflels or buildings, (it matters not their fhape or fize,) whereby the coals are made to burn or ignite, without flaming, by a regulated ad million of the external air through .different apertures in the buildings, fo as by their own heat to throw off the tar, oils, etcetera, that they may contain; perfons who do fo, without my permiflion, are deemed to encroach upon my patent; as the only method ufed or known until my new difcovery, was a diftiJlation of coal in clofe veflels, where the admiflion of the external air was prevented ; and whether other fuel or C9als were required befides the coals contained in the clofe veffel to produce the heat neceffary to pervade the fame, and to caufe the coals contained therein to throw off the tar, oils, etcetera, that they contained. I do not think it any ways of moment to fubjofa any drawings of the buildings or kilns that may be ufed according to my new invention for the making of tar, etcetera, becaufe thefe buildings may be made either fquare, circular, or oval, as fancy may dire&, the art depending upon the management of the air admitted into the kilns, which can only be acquired by experience; and as it is by no means meant to keep the manufadure hid or concealed, thofe who want to fee the practical part will have an opportunity fo to do at the different places where the manufacture is to be carried on. Exclufive of the above invention, for which only the patent has been obtained,

I promote the condensation of the lefs coercible part of the vapour that comes off in diftillation, by commixing it with the fleam of boiling water, and complete the condenfation by the means of cold water, either in contaCt with the vapour, or applied externally to the veflels through which it paffes; and by an admiflion of the external air into the condenfing veflels when needful, I alfo caufe the vapour to pafs through more con denting veffels than one, to feparate by that means the different oils and fubftances, according to the different degrees of cold and moifture requifite to condenfc them ; or occafionally I follow the ufual and common modes in practice for condenfing^ the vapours thrown off from any fubftances by the aCtion of heat : And whereas his /aid mojl excellent Majejly, by his other let • His Majefty’s ters patent under the feal appointed by the treaty of union to he letters patent kept and ufed in Scotland, in place of the great feal formerly ujed ^a^e^tc/the there, bearing date the twenty-feventh day 0/ February, in the faid farl of twenty-firjl year of his reign, did grant the like licence, power, donald.

>. ,,	K	2	privilege,

Hosted by G( Dgle

132	Anno vieefimo quinto GeoRgii III. c. 42. [1785*

privilege, and authority, *0 the [aid Archibald earl 0/* Dundonald, of making, vjing, exercifing,	vending his faid invention within

that part of his Majeffs kingdom of Great Britain Scotland, yi?r like term of fourteen years, with a provifo, obliging him,	writing under his hand and feal, to caufe a particular de-

fer ip t ion of the nature of the faid invention to be inroiled in his Ma-je/ly s chancery in Scotland, within four months after the date of the faid recited letters patent; in purfuance of which provifo the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald did caufe fuch defeription to be in-rolled in the faid chancery of Scotland upon the twenty-fixth day of June, in the faid year one th oufand feven hundred and eighty-one, in the fame words and form, and to the fame effeft, as that hereinabove mentioned, as inr oiled in the high court of chancery ^/'England; and whereas, in the opinion of competent judges who have attended to the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald’s method, and examined and ufed the tar, pitch, and other extractions, the invention will be attended with, the mof beneficial confequences to the publick, the pro-cefs being fimple and eafy, and the tar and pitch of a better quality for certain ujes than what is generally made in foreign countries, and particularly ufeful in preferving Jhips bottoms from worms: and whereas the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald fpent much of his time, and was at a great expence in bringing his faid invention to perfection before applying for the patents; and after he had procured them, his circumfances not permitting him to carry on the neceffary works without the aid of others, the connections he formed with that view turned out unfortunately y fo that hitherto, and when upwards of four years of the term are elapfed, he has reaped no benefit, but on the contrary, his paternal efiate is involved in debt; and he is under engagements, by taking leafes of coal mines and other wife, which mujl be ruinous, unlefs the fcheme is profecuted with vigour by a large advance of money: and whereas the remainder of the Jhort term of exclufive privilege, granted by the faid recited patents, does not afford fufficient encouragement to people otherwife willing to fupport the faid Archibald earl ^Dundonald; and unlefs he is fupported, the publick mujl be . deprived of the benefit of the invention, while the privilege remains with him: to the end, therefore. That the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald may be enabled and encouraged to profecute and Complete his faid invention, and his properly therein fecund, not only within Great Britain, but in his Majeffs colonies and plantations in North America, fo that the publick may reap all the advantages to be derived therefrom in their fullefi extent, and the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald may obtain an adequate recompence for his labour, time and expencey may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty (at the humble petition and requeft of the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald) that it may be enabled, and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual. and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. Sale privilege That, from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven of making tar, hundred and eighty-five, the foie privilege and advantage of from’p^coal makHig extracting tar, pitch, eifential oils, volatile alkali, *	mineral

Hosted by Google

Earl of Dun-donajd been at great expence, and cannot carry on the works without af-fiftance.

1785*] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. C.42.	133

mineral acids, fairs, and cinders, from pit coal, by the method vetted in the 'herein before particularly fet forth and defcribed, and of vend- ?arl Dun-ing the fame within the kingdom of Great Britain, and year^, fronx ° Majefty’s colonies and plantations in North America, (hall be, June 1,1785. and are hereby declared to be, vetted in the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, for and during the term of twenty years; and that he the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, and every of them, by himfelf and themfelves, or by his and their deputy or deputies, fervants or agents, or fuch others as he the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, (hall at any time agree with, and for no others, from time to time, and at all times, during the term of years herein-before mentioned, (hall, and lawfully may, make	--

or extra# tar, pitch, eflential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, falts, and cinders, from pit coal, by the method herein-before defcribed, and vend the fame within the kingdom of Great Britain, and in his Majefty’s colonies and plantations in North America, in fuch manner as to him the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, (hall in their difcretions feem meet; and that the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, (hall, and lawfully may, have and enjoy the whole profit, benefit, commodity, and advantage, from time to time, coming, growing, accruing, and arifing, by reafon of his faid invention, for the faid term of twenty years, to have, hold, receive, and enjoy the fame for and during, and to the full end and term of twenty years, as aforefaid; and that no other perfon or perfons within the kingdom of Great Britain, or any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in North America, (hall, at any time during the faid term of twenty years, either diredlv or indiredly, do, make, ufe, or put in pradice the faid invention, or anypart of the fame, nor in any wife counterfeit, imitate, or refemble the fame; nor (hall make, or caufe to be made, any addition thereunto, or fubtradion from the fame ; whereby to pretend himfelf or themfelves the inventor or inventors, devifor or devifors thereof, without the licence, confent, or agreement of the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, adminiftrators, or af-figns, in writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, firft had and obtained in that behalf, upon fuch pains and penalties as can or may be juftly inflided upon fuch offenders, for their contempt of this ad* and further, to be an-fwerable to the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, according to law, for his and their damages thereby occafioned.

II. Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That nothing Ad not to in this a# contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to ^deran prejudice or hinder any perfon or perfons from making or ex- perfon from -trading tar, pitch, eflential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, making tar, falts, and cinders, from pit coal, by any method which is not pitch,etc. ths invention of the faid Archibald earl of Dundonald) as afore- whlch18 notL

K 3	faidj

*34	Anno	vicefimo quinto Geokgii III. c. 42.	[1785.

the invention faid; dr which has been publickly ufed or exercifedby any of the earl of other perfon or perfons, before the time of the date of the fa'id Dundonald. letters patent herein recited; but that all fuch methods which are npt at prefent of the faid invention of the faid Archibald earl of Dundanald, or are not particularly fpecified in this ad, (hall be and remain to the publick, and to the refpedive in-* ventors thereof, as if this ad had never been made; any thing ■herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Provifo. - III. Provided alfo. That every objection in law, competent againft the faid patents, lhall be competent again ft this ad, to all intents and purpofes, except fo far as relates to the term hereby granted.

Theprivileges IV. Provided always. That if the faid Archibald earl of Dun-grated hy	donald, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, or any perfon

this act not or perfons who (hall, at any time during the faid term of twenty ferred^more years> have or claim any right, title, or intereft, in law or equity, than, hve per- °fr or to the power, privilege, or authority of the foie ufe fona/	and benefit of the faid invention, fhall make any transfer or af-

fignment, or pretended transfer or affignmenr, of the faid liberty or privilege hereby granted, or any (hare or (hares, of the benefit or profits thereof; or (hall declare any truft thereof to or for any number of perfons exceeding the number of five, or fhall open, or caufe to be opened, any book or books for pub-lick fubfcriptions, to be made by any number of perfons ex^ ceeding the number of five, in order to the railing any fum or fums of money, under pretence of carrying on the faid liberty or privilege hereby granted; or fhall by him dr themfelves, or his or their agents or fervants, receive any fum or fums of money whatfoever, of any number of perfons exceeding in the whole the number of five, for fuch or the like intents or purpofes ; or (hall prefume to ad as a corporate body j or (hall divide the benefit of the liberty or privileges hereby granted, into any number of (hares exceeding the number of five; or (hall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any ad, matter, or thing whatfoever, during fuch time as fuch perfon or perfons (hall have any right, or title, either in law or equity, which (hall be contrary to the true intent and meaning of an ad of parliament made in the fixth year of the reign of his late 6Geo.i.c.i8. majeftyr King George the Firft, (intituled, An aft for the better fecuring certain pnuers and privileges intended to be granted by his , Majejly, by two charters, for ajfurance of /hips and merchandizes at fed, and for lending money upon bottomry; and for refraining fever al 'extravagant and unwarrantable praftices therein mentioned)y or in cafe the faid power, privilege, of authority, fhall at any time become vefted in, or in truft for more than the number of five , perfons, of their reprefentatives, at any onetime, otnerwife than by devifeor fucceffion, (reckoning executors 3nd adminiftrators as and for the fingl£ perfon whom they reprefent, as to fuch intereft they are or (halF be intitled to in right of fuch their teftator or inteftate); that then, and in every of the feid cafes* all liberties and advantages whatfoever, hereby granted (hall

utterly

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. C43.	135

utterly ceafe, determine, and become void; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That Publick act. this aCt (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick a<St; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XLIIL

An aft to repeal the duties on male fervants; and for granting new duties on male and female fervants*

Wr H E R E A S by an aft, made in the feventeenth year of the Preamble# reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled, An a<5t for granting 17 Geo. 3. to his Majefty a duty upon all fervants retained or employed c* 39-in the feveral capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing feveraj rates and duties upon glafs, impofed by an a<5t made in the? nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon glafs in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the duties upon glafs ; and for repealing the feveral rates and duties charged, by an a£t made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his laid late Majefty, upon air perfons and bodies politick and corporate haying certain quantities of filver plate; it was enafted\ That from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, there jhall he paid unto his Majejiy, his heirs and fuc^ ceffors, after the rate of twenty-one Jhillings per annum for every male fervant within Great Britain, who Jhould then have been, or who jhould afterwards be retained or employed in the feveral capa-cities therein deferibed and enumerated; fuch yearly fum to be charged on the mafier or mijirefs of every fuch male fervant in manner there-in mentioned; and the faid duty on male fervants was put under the receipt and management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes : and whereas, in the nineteenth year of his Majejiy*s reign, another aft was made, for amending the faid aft : and whereas by another aft, made in the twenty-firft year of bis Majejiy*$ reign, intituled, An si Geo. 3. aCt for the better management and collection of the duties upon c- 31-male fervants, granted by an aCt made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, the receipt and management of the faid duties upon male fervants were transferred from the com-mifftonersof the, duties on houfes,, window s, and lights, to the com* mifftofiersof excifcfor England and Scotland refpeftively; and further provifions were made for better Jecuring the faid duties on male fervants: and whereas by virtue of an aft made in the twenty-fe-iond year of his Majejiy* s reign, for granting additional duties orv u Geo. 3, the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the c* commiffioners of cuftoms and excife, an additional duty of five poundsr per centum became charged upon the faid duty on male fer-vantt^md has been ever ftnee collefted: now, we y your Majejiy*s mcjl ‘	K*	.	dutiful



Anno vicefimo quinto Georg H'lit. c. 43.	[1785*

dutiful and loyal fubjefis, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembledy thinling it expedient to repeal the faid duties on mate fervants, mentioned in the faid feveral recited atts refpeftively, and to grant unto your Majejly the fever al new duties herein-after mentioned upon male and female fervants, as well for the purpofes for \which the faid recited duties on male fervants were made applicable, as towards, raifmg the fupplies which we have freely granted to your Majejly in this fejfion of parliament, do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent rp^jefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of Puties on the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thou-cranted by	^and ^even hundred and eighty-five, the duties on male fervants,

the recited	granted by the faid recited a&s, or any of them, (hall ceafe, de-

aths,repealed. fermine, and be no longer paid or payable. **

Not to jiffe# II. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That nothing the recovery	herein contained (hall be conftrued to affedt the recovery of ar-

or arrears.	rears of the faid repealed duties, which, on the faid fifth day of

July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, may retrain unpaid, or the recovery of any penalty or forfeiture which may have been incurred on or before the fame day.

From July 5, III. And be it further ena&ed and declared, That, from and 1785, the fol« after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and to^be pJd^for e’ghty ^ve5 t^lere be paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and male fervants. fueceffors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, by every perfon who (hall retain cu* employ any male fervant or fervants, the feveral yearly fums following 5 that is to fay, :

For one or two, il. 5s. each s

for three or four il. 10s.

each;...-	'

five to feven, il. 15s. each: eight to ten, al. each: for eleven,and upwards, 3I. each.

An additional il. 5s. for every male fervant retained by unmarried men above %i years, of age.

Enumeration of male fer-yants fo*

For one male fervant, the fum of one pound and five fhil-lings:

For two male fervants, and not more, the fum of one pound and five (hillings each:

For three, and not more than four male fervants, the fum of one pound and ten (hillings each:

For five, and not more than feven male fervants, the fum of one pound and fifteen (hillings each:

For eight, and not more than ten male fervants, the fpm of two pounds each:

And for eleven male fervants, and upwards, the fum of three pounds each:

And every male perfon, of the age of twenty-one years and upwards, never having been married, who (hall retain or employ any male fervant or fervants, (hall pay the annual fum of one pound and five (hillings for each male fervant, over and above the duties herein-before mentioned^

IV. Andy in order to afcertain what defeription of male fervants Jhall be within the duties herein-before granted, be it further enacted, That the faid duties granted by this a<St (hall extend to, and be payable for, every male fervant who (hall be retained or

employed

Hosted by Google

1785,] Anno vicefimo quinto Gporgii IIL c.43.	137

employed in any of the following capacities; that is to fay, whom the maitre d’hotel, houfe-fteward, mafter of the horfe, groom of duties (hall be the chamber, valet de chambre, butler, under-butler, clerk of Pald* the kitchen, confectioner, cook, houfe-porter, footman, running footman, coachman, groom, poftillion, ftable-boy, and the re-fpeCtive helpers in the (tables of fuch coachman, groom, or poftillion, gardener not being a day labourer, park-keeper, game^keeper, huntfman or whipper-in, waiters in taverns, cof-fee-houfes, inns, ale-houfes, or any other houfes licenfed to fell wine, ale, or other liquors by retail (other than occafional waiters), or by whatfoever name or names, male fervants really siting m any of the faid capacities (hall be called, or whether fuch male fervants (hall have been, or (hall be retained or employed in one or more of the faid capacities* or in any other

•	bufinefs jointly with one or more of the fame.

V. And bent further enadted, That, from and after the fifth Duties to be day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, there Pa,d fo^.

: fhall alfo be paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, ^ta5fier* throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, by every perfon who (haM retain or employ any female fervant or fervants, the rates and duties following; that is to fay.

Every perfon who (hall retain or employ any one female fer- For one, vant, and not more, (hall, for fuch female fervant, pay annually as, 6d. : the fum of two (hillings and lixpence:

Every perfon who (hall retain or employ two female fervants, for two, 58. and not more, (hall, for each of them, pay annually the fum of each: five (hillings 2

Every perfon who (hall retain or employ three or more fe- for three, or male fervants, (hall, for each of them, pay annually the fum of more>I0S* ten (hillings:	each:

And every male perfon of the age of twenty-one years, and and maleper-upwards, never having been married, who (hall retain or em- f°ns unmarri-ploy any one female fervant, and not more, (hall, for fuch fe- ^r^of a xc male fervant, pay annually the fum of two (hillings and fix- to pay an^ad-pence, over and above the duty for one female fervant herein- ditionalas.6d* before mentioned:	for one fer-

And every male perfon of the age of twenty-one years and van^ch upwards, never having been married, who (hall retain or em- tw^fervants-ploy two female fervants, and not more, (hall, for each of them, pay annually the fum of five (hillings, over and above the duty pf five (hillings each for two female fervants, herein-before mentioned:

*	And every male perfon of the age of twenty-one years, and and 10s. each, upwards, never having been married, who (hall retain or em- for thfree or ploy three or more female fervants, (hall, for each of them, pay more crvants* annually the fum of ten (hillings, over and above the duty of

ten (hillings each for three or more female fervants, herein-be-fore mentioned*

Vi. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the

t

Google

13 8	Anno vicefimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 43. [1785.

Not to extend duties granted by this act (hall not extend to any male or fe-*o fervants male fervant who5 (hall be retained or employed bona fide for the employed in purp0fes of hufbandry, farmers, dairy, or manufacture, or of &c. an Ty* any trac*e or cal^ng (other than waiters, as aforefaid) by which the matter or miftrefs of fuch fervant (hall earn a livelihood of

Duties for coachmen, grooms, etc. lee out to hire, by whom to be paid.

Duties to be paid for apprentices employed in any of the capacities before mentioned.

Exception,

Not to extend to butlers,etc. in the univer-fities;

nor to the fervants of the foyal family;

nor the royal hofpitals, etc.

Cne fervant of any officer under the rank of a . field officer, etc. not liable to the duties.

profit.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That the duty hereby granted for every coachman, groom, poftillion, or helper, let out to hire by way of jobb, (hall be paid by the matter or miftrefs, for whole ufe and in whofe fervice fuch coachman, groom, poftillion, or helper, (hall be employed refpedtively $ and the duty hereby granted for every gardener, retain$d#or employed by any pfcrfon or perfons who (hall contradt for the keeping of any garden or gardens, (hall be paid by the perfoiv or perfons for whofe ufe and in whofe garden fuch gardener (hall be employed,

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend to exempt any peribn or perfons from the payment of any of the duties granted by this adl, in refpedt of any fervant retained or employed in -any of the capacities aforefaid, on account or under pretence that fuch fervant is or (hall be bound as an apprentice to fuch per-fon or perfons; fave and except fuch apprentices as are or mall be itnpofed upon any matter or miftrefs, under and by virtue of the powers given to magiftrates and parifh officers by any aett of parliament, fo as the number of fuch apprentices, fo im-pofed upon any matter or miftrefs, does not exceed two : provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall extend to exempt any fuch apprentice or apprentices who is or are employed as livery fervants.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That this adl, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to charge with any of the duties hereby granted, the butler or butlers, manciple, cook or cooks, gardener or gardeners, or porter or porters, of any college or hall within either of the univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the univerfities of Edinburgh, 'Glafgow, Aberdeen, or Saint Andrew's, in Scotland, or of the feveral colleges of JVeJlminJler, Eaton, or Winchejler\ or the fervants of* his Ma-jefty, or any of the royal family; ofrof any ambaflador or foreign minifter refiding in the kingdom of Great Britain.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That nothing herein contained (hall extend to charge with any of the duties hereby granted, any of the royal hofpitals of Chrifi, Saint Bar-tholomew. Bridewell, Bethlem, Saint Thomas, in the city of London, and borough of Southwark, or Guy's, or the Foundling hofyitiX.

XI.	And be it further enadted, That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge with the duty hereby impofed, any officer ferving in any regiment of horfe or dragoons, under the rank, .or not receiving the pay of a field officer, provided he retains no more than one fervant; nor-any officer ferving in any regiment of - artillery,

infantry*

Hosted by Goo<

17S5.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43.

infantry, or marines, or corps of engineers, for any fervant who is actually a foldier in the regiment or company to which fuch officer (hall belong; nor any officer in his Majefty’s navy, under the rank of a matter and commander in aCtual employ, for any fervant who is borne upon the books of the (hip to which fuch officer fhall belong.

XII.	And be it further enaCted, That in all cafes where any Officers difa-officer on half pay from his Majefty’s navy, army, or marines, ^_e<* }*ls who have been difabled by lofs of a limb, or wound received ^cc^ancl oiT in his Majefty’s fervice, (hall be charged for the duty on male half pay, not fervantsfor one male fervant only, under the authority of this liable to the a&f i$(hall and may be lawful for the adting commiffioners for duties for one any diftridt in England, or the commiffioners of fupply in Scat- lervau • : land, on an appeal made to them by fuch officer, and proof on

oath made that he is an officer on half pay, and difabled as aforefaid, to the fatisfadtion of the faid commiffioners, to make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge againft fuch officer.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That every perfon Claufe in fa-who (hall have living in their houfes two or more lawful crhil- fonshlvinl* dren or grand children, under the age of fourteen years, (hall, y^ung^hil? in refpedl of every two fuch lawful children or grand children, dren or graad be exempted from the payment of the duties by this adt impofed children,

for one female fervant; that is to fay, if any perfon, having two fuch lawful children or grand children, (hall have one female fervant, and not more, he or (he (hall be wholly exempted from the duty hereby impofed; if any perfon, having four fuch lawful children or grand children, (hall have two female fer^ vants, and not more, he or (he (hall pay for one female fervant, at the fame rate as if he or (he retained only one female fervant, and no more; and fo in proportion for any greater number, abating one female fervant, and lowering the rate of duty in the manner herein-before provided, for every two fuch children or grand children.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That nothing in Female fer-this act ,(hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to fubject any vants above, matter or miftrefs to the payment of any of the duties impofed or under, cer-by this adt for any female fervant who (hall be retained by him [^bie toSthe° or her, where it mail be made appear, by an extract from the duties, regifter of the births kept in the parilh, properly authenticated,

where fuch fervant was born, that at the time of making the affeflment (he (hall be under the age of fourteen years, or above the age of fixty years.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the duties charged by Duties to be this act (hall be affelTed, raifed, levied, collected, and received collected by by fuch perfons, and (hall be paid into the receipt of his Ma-

jetty’s exchequer, in fuch and the like form and manner, and the exche-0*0 with fuch allowances, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures, and qUer under disabilities, and according to fuch rules, methods, and direc-fuch penal-tions, as are prefcribed or appointed for aflefling, railing, levy- tie8> as ing, collecting, receivings and paying the duties on houfes and g* tTeP dutk% ;	~	windows

Hosted by Google

on hottfes and windows, by two adts of ac Geo. 2.

c. 3,

C. 4»;

at Geo. 1. c. 10;

a6 Geo. a. c. 17 j

31 Geo. a. c. 22;

% Geo. 3.

c.8;

$ Geo. 3.

c. 38;

19 Geo. 3, c* 595

24 Geo. 3. c. 38.

Anno vicefimo quinto GeorGII III. C. 43. [1785#

windows or lights, in and by an adt, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled. An aft for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights;

for granting to his Majejly other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, flr lights; for raiftng the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties; and by another adt, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled. An aft to enforce the execution of an aft of this fejfton of parliament, for granting to his Majefty fever al rates and duties upon houfes, windows-, or lights; and by an adt made in the twenty-firft year of his faid late Ma-jefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for explaining, amending, and fur* ther enforcing the execution of an aft, pajfed in the lajl fejfton of parliament, intituled, 66 An aft for repealing the fever al rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; for granting to his Ma-jejly other rates duties upon houfes, windows, or lights \ and for raiftng the fum 0} four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or dutiesand by an adt, tnade in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled. An aft for the more ejfeftual levying of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and by an adt, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to his Ma-jejly fever al rates and duties upon offices and penfions\ and upon houfes, and upon windows or lights; and for raiftng the fum offive millions by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the faid rates and duties; and by an adt, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty feveral rates or duties upon windows or lights; and by an adt, made in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for repealing the feveral duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majejly other duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; and by another adt, made in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for repealing the duties on all inhabited houfes, impofed by an aft made in the laft fejjion of parliament ; and for granting to his Majejly other duties upon all inhabited houfes in Great Britain, and for amending the faid aft 5 and alfo for amending fo much of an aft, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, as impofes a duty upon all fetvants retained or employed in the feveral capacities therein mentioned; and by an adt, made in the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for repealing the feveral duties on tea, and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof; and alfo feveral duties on inhabited houfes; and upon the importation of cocoa nuts and coffee y and for repealing the inland duties of excife thereon ; or in or by any of the faid adts; and all the powers, authorities, rules and diredtions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, now in force, contained in the faid adts, relative to the duties on houfes and windows or lights, for aflefiing, rgifing, levying, and paying the rates and duties thereby granted, fhall be in full foree, and be duly obferved, pradtifed* and put in

execution*



&

m

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. C.43.	141

execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for afleffing, raifing, levying, coliefling, and paying the duties hereby placed under the management of the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, as fully and effeflually, to all intents and purpofes, fo far as fuch provifions (hall be applicable to the faid duties hereby granted, and are not altered by this afl.

XVI.	And be it further enafled. That for afleffing, levying, Commifiion-collefling, and paying the duties charged by this afl, the com- ers of the

>. miffioners authorised or appointed, or who (hall be hereafter afore™*:n". authorifed or appointed, for putting in execution the faid afls onhoufe1^* relative to the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, (hall &c. to put be commiffioners for executing this prefent afl, and the powers this aft in therein contained, in all and Angular the counties, (hires, flew- execution, artries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and * places refpeflively, within Great Britain; and fuch commit- firft meet* fioners, for the fpeedy execution of this afl, (hall, in the re- &c* fpeflive counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or (hall be appointed commiffioners, meet for the firft time on or before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and afterwards (hall in like manner meet yearly, and every year, at fuch day or time as the faid commiffioners for the time being (hall think proper to appoint, on or before the thirtieth day of April; and (hall then divide themfelves to afl in feparate diftrifls, and proceed in the execution of this prefent afl, for afleffing, raifing, levying, and collefling the duties granted by this afl, in fuch and the fame manner as is prefcribed by the faid afls relative to the faid duties on houfes, and windows or lights, or any of them, with refpeft to the duties thereby im^ pofed, except fo far as an alteration is made by this afl.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafled. That if, Commifllon-

by any negligence or default, there (hall not have been a meet- ers,on default ing of the faid commiffioners for executing this afl, within or	QI?

at the times, or according to the manner hereby prefcribed, the above^men- ' faid commiffioners, or any two pr more of them, in the refpec- tioned, may tiye counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, meet after* cinque ports, and towns, in Great Britain refpeflively, wherein warc*s? et^° fuch default (hall have happened, may and (hall meet at any

other time or times, as foon as may be after the time or times fo prefcribed, in order to execute the powers of this afl, fo as , that the faid duties charged by this afl may be duly gnd effect tually aflefled, .raifed, levied, and paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, notwithftanding any fuch default or defect as j( aforefaid.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafled, That no Oaths to be ‘ perfon (hall prefume to afl as a commiffioner in the execution taken by

of this afl, (except in adminiftering the oath herein-after ex-prefled) until he (hall have taken the feveral oaths requifite to €r3% qualify him for afling as a commiffioner of the feveral duties % * charged on hoqfes, and windows pr lights, by any of the afls i *	herein

’

1, *

Google

'-.,i	-	'	.

4 I:

if

144

New oath.

Penalty on a6Ung before taking the oaths.

The firft af-feflraent for three, quarters of a year.

.Duties to be paid quarterly.

Claufe relative to per-fons who have paid the old duties in advance*

Anno vicefimo quinto GeorgiI III. c.43. [1785.

herein-before referred to, and alfo (hall have taken the following oath *, that is to fay,

IA. B. dofwear, That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commiffioner, according to an aft made in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Thirds to repeal the duties on male Servants; and for granting new duties on male and female fervants; and that I will determine upon all appeals which /hall be brought before mei under the faid afty according to the befi of my /kill and knowledge.

So help me G O D.

Which oath any two or more of the commiflloners in the county, (hire, ftewartry, city, or place, where the affeflment is to be made, are hereby authorifed to adminifter; and if any perfon (hall a& as a commiflioner for the execution of this a6V, except as aforefaid, before he (hall have taken fuch oaths as aforefaid, , he (hall, for every offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XIX. And be it further enadted. That the firft affeflment of the duties charged by this adt* (hall be made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of July> one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five; and afterwards the affeflment of the duties charged by this adt (hall be made for one year, from the fifth day of April in every year.

XX. And be it further enadled, That the faid duties charged by this adt (hall be paid at the times and in the proportions following, (that is to fay), quarterly, on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Oftobery in every year, by equal portions; the firft of the faid quarterly payments to be made on the tenth day of Oftober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all perfons who, previoufly to the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, (hall have already paid the faid repealed duties on male fervants for any part of the faid three quarters for which the firft affeflment on male fervants' under this adt is hereby directed to be made, or their refpec-tive executors or adminiftraiors, (hall, after paying the faid firft affeflment, have a right to receive back from the commiflloners ’ of excife, or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any money which (hall have been paid into, or be in their hands, fuch a proportion of the repealed duties on male fervants, fo already paid to the faid commiflloners of excife or theif Officers, as (hall be neceffary to prevent a double payment of the faid duties, in refpedt of fuch male fervants, for the faid three quarters on the faid firft affeflment, or for any part thereof ; for which purpofe the faid commiflloners of excife are hereby required to make fuch orders, in refpedl to the time and tnanner of fuch repayment) as to them (hall appear bed calcu-*

lated

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c.43.	14^

lated to effedtuate the intention of this adt, and to prevent a charge of double duties for male fervants on any perfon: provided always. That no perfon (hall be intitled to receive back from the comm i (Turners of excife, or their officers, under the provifion aforefaid, any fum in refpedt of fuch repealed duties on male fervants, for any portion of the faid three quarters, lefs than a full quarter of a year.

XXII.	And, for more effedtually levying and colledting the

faid duties granted by this adt, be it further enadted, That if If affeflbrs^ there (hall be a negledt of appointment of affeflbrs of the faid duties on houfes, and windows or lights, or if the affeflbrs ap- veyors^ete. pointed (hall negledt what is required of them by this adt, then, may perform and in every fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful to and for the furveyor the fame, or furveyors, or infpedtor or infpedtors, appointed or to be appointed under the authority of the faid adts, relative to the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, or any of them, to do and perform fuch and the like fervices as, by the faid adts or any of them, are required from fuch affeflbrs.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted, That every perfon fo ap- Oaths to bg pointed or to be appointed affeffor as aforefaid, or any furveyor by or infpedtor hereby authorifed to adt as an affeffor, (hall, before affe*f°r8v he prefumes to adt in the execution of the faid office or employment, take (befides the oaths or affirmations required to be

taken by affeflbrs by the before-mentioned adts relative to the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, or any of them) an oath, or, being one of the people called ghiakers, make and fubfqribe a folemn affirmation, in the following form;

I A. B. do jwear, [or affirm, as the cafe may require], That New oath, in the ajjeffment which I am required to male by authority of an ' adt made in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Thirds to repeal the duties on male fervants; and for charging new duties upon male and female fervants; 1 willaff according to the bejl of my Jkill and knowledge.

So help me GOD.

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the commiffioners in the county, (hire, ftewartry, city, or place, where $e affeffment is to be made, are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter; and if any perfon fo appointed, or to be ap- Penalty on pointed, or hereby authorifed to adt as affeffor, (hall prefume actingbeforg to adt in the execution of the faid office or employment, before	?

he (hall have taken the aforefaid oath or affirmation, as the cafe (hall be, he (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of twenty pounds.

XXIV.	And be it further enadted. That the faid commif- Notice to be fioners for executing this adt lhall, in the precepts to be from 8lven the time to time diredted by them to the inhabitants of the parilhes the^ppoint-* ©r eplaces within their refpe<5tive diftricts or divifions, naming ment 0f whom they (hall think fit to be affeflbrs under the faid adts, re- feffors, lative 19 the laid duties on houfes, and windows or lights, or

-any

_	Google

144	Anno vi&Griio cjulnto Ge'orgii III; c.43. [17$$.

any of them, caufe notice to be infert^d^ that fuch perfon^ are alfo appointed afleffors of the duties granted by this act,

Afleffors to XXV. And be it further enadted, That fuch perfons to be wkin^to6 *** aPPolnte^ affeflors as aforefaid, (hall, within fourteen days after Rafters tetc. l^eir appointment yearly, give or leave notice in writing,-to produce ' to or for every perfon keeping any male or female fervant liable lifts of their to the duties granted by this a&, within the limits of the places . fervai\ts for which fuch afleffors are to act, at his or her dwelling houfe, theirdiftrict" to PrePare or produce,' within fourteen days next enfuing the etc*	*	day of giving fuch notice, feparate lifts in writing of his or her

male and female fervants retained or employed within fuch limits, every fuch lift to defcribe the chriftian name and farname of each fervant, and the capacity in which each (hall have been retained or employed* and to contain the greateft number of fervants, male and female, which fuch perfon (hall have retained of employed at any one time in the courfe of the year ending the fifth day of April preceding fuch notice; arnd every fuch perfon (hall, after fuch notice fo given or left, make out the laid lifts* and fign the fame with his or her own name, and deliver the fame, or caufe the fame to be delivered, to fuch aflef-for or afleffors * who are hereby required and d irected to call for How affeffor the fame: and if any fuch perfon (hall negle& or refufe to make to proceed, in oat, fign, and deliver fuch lifts as aforefaid, within the time negleTno de- ^e^ore'men^oned> then fuch affeffof or afleffors fhall, from the liver fuch beft information he or they can obtain,' make an affeffment lifts.	upon fuch perfon fo neglecting or refuting, for and in refpect

of the number of male and female fervants, liable to the duties granted by this act, fo kept by him or her; and every fuch af-feffment fo made upon any fuch neglect of refufal Avail be final and conclufive upon the perfon thereby charged, who (hall not be at liberty to appeal therefrom, unlefs fuch perfon (hall prove that he or (he was not at his or her dwelling houfe at the time of the delivery of fuch notice, nor between that day and the time limited for delivering fuch lift as aforefaid to the affefforj of unlefs fuch perfon (hall alledge and prove fuch other excufe for not having delivered his or her lift, as the commiffioners fot executing this adt (hall in their judgement think reafonabte and fufficient.

Lifts to con- XXVI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That eft^umber^f refPe<^*ve which (hall be delivered, in the manner fervants em° herein-before mentioned, by order of the faid commiffioners, ployed during on the firft affeffment to be made by virtue of this adl* (hall con-the time to tain the greatcft number of male and female fervants as afore-which they faid, which the perfons from whom fuch lifts are herein-before teate. required (hall refpedtively have at any time kept between the tenth day of Ottober> one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth day of July^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.

Commiffion- XXVII. And, to the end that no perfon may pay for his or ers, on appli* her fervants in more parifhes or diftridts than one within the Jj?c fame year, be it further enadted* That if any perfon, having 5 •*	been

Hosted by (jOCK^Ic

1785.] Anno vicefiam quinto GeoRGII III. C.43.	145

been affeffed under this adl in one parilh or diftridl for his or to perform her fervanrs within the fame, (hall be again affefled in another who have parifh or diftridi, for or in refpedt of fuch fervants,- or any of them ; in every fuch cafe, the commiffioners for the execution places' for of this adt, within fuch latter parifh or diftridf, or the majority the lame of the faid commiffioners prefent, at any application for the fervants. purpofe, may and are hereby required to alter any affeffment of luch perfon fo affeffed twice, on proof given before them that fuch perfon has paid the faid duties, for or in refpedt of fuch fervants, in another place, and in what place specifically, or. hath been affeffed for the fame ; which proof fhall be made, as to the fadt of payment, by producing a receipt ffgned by the collector to whom the fame payment (hall have been made, or,, in default thereof, by other reafonable evidence to the fatisection of the faid commiffioners for the execution of this adt, cr the majority of them, before whom fuch evidence (hall be offered ; and the aforefaid proof, as to the fadt of the party having been affeffed elfewhere, fhall be made in like manner, either by producing a copy or certificate of tffe affeffment ffgned by two or more commiffioners of the diftridt for which fuch affeffment fhall have been made, (which copy or certificate the clerk then attending the faid commiffioners fhall deliver gratis to the party requiring the fame), or, in default of fuch qopy or certificate, then fuch proof fhall be made by other evidence, to the fatisfadtion of the commiffioners prefent, or the majority of them.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That Claufere*atWe every perfon who fhall be called upon by virtue of this adt to ^^paTfor give fuch lifts as aforefaid, fhall, when he or fhe fhall give in ^vantfin fuch lifts, at the fame time make a declaration,, figned by him different pa-or her, of the number of. fervants refpedtively he or fhe fhall rifhea. mean, to pay for at every other place, fpecifying the particular

parithes or parifh, or diftridts or diftridt, wherein he or fhe (ball mean to pay for fuch other fervants refpedtively, fo as that every fuch lift or declaration fhall contain the whole number of fervants retained by fuch mafter or mi ft refs within the kingdom of. Great Britain, in order to their being charged according to the feveral rates prefcribed by this a (ft, in proportion to the greateft number retained in the whole; and the faid affeffors fhall enter the lift or declaration laft mentioned at the end of their feveral affeffments, and deliver the faid lift or declaration to the furveyor for each parifh or diftridt, in order that he may tranfmit the particulars thereof to the commiffioners for managing the affairs of taxes.

XXIX.	And be it further enadted, That fuch affeffors as In cafe the lifts

aforefaid fhall not be bound by fuch lifts as fhall be delivered delivered to

to them refpedlivelv, in purfuance of this adt; but (hall, be at	a

v, t ,e K /,	,	.	,	r	(hall be found

liberty, if they Inal! find, upon due examination, that any fer- deficient/her

: vant or fervanrs is or are omitted in fuch lifts, to furcharge the may lure barge

fame, and make a true affeffment upon every perfon keeping the fame.

fuch fervants within their refpedtive diftridts, of the real nuto-

, Vol. XXXV.	L	,	ber

Hosted by

Google

1^6	Anno vicefimo quinto GeorGII III. C.43.	[1785.

ber of fervants retaihed or employed by each fuch perfon, di-ftinguiftiing every fuch fervant in manner herein-before direded. Afleffors to XXX. And be it further enaded, That fuch afleffors as thellJ. aforefaid (hall, from time to time, make and deliver in writing the commlflh their afleffments of the faid duties granted by this a61, within oners within the limits for which they are refpedively to ad as aforefaid, un-3 months to the faid commiflioners, for the execution of this ad, or any after their two or more of them, within the fpace of three calendar months Commiffion-4 ncxt a^ter time of their being appointed afleffors; and the erstoGgnthe faid commiflioners, to whom fuch afleffments (hall be fo defame, and ap- livered, or any two of them, (hall, within the fpace of one ca-pomt coilec- Jendar month next after the receipt of the fame refpedively, $ors, etc. or a$ |oon after as conveniently may be, fet their hands to the faid refpedive afleffments, and to fuch furcharge or furcharges as (hall or may have been made in the mean time, either by the fame afleffors, or by fuch furveyor or furveyors, or infpedor or infpedors as aforefaid, teftifying their allowance of the fame ; and (hall likewife nominate and appoint two of the perfons, named or prefented in each of fuch afleffments, to be colledors, or any other two fuch perfons as the faid commiflioners for the execution of this ad, or any two or more of them, (hall think able and refponfible for the refpedive divifions and places for which colledors (hall be fo prefented; and (hall forthwith deliver, or caufe to be delivered, fuch afleffments, fo by the faid commiflioners allowed of, unto the refpedive perfons by them nominated to be colledors, who are hereby enjoined and required to colled and pay the duties fo affeffed, and to give acquittances for the fame.

Surveyors under the before mentioned ads may infped the lift3 before they are figned,and amend them.

If furveyors difcover any omiflions after the lifts are figned, they are to certify the fame to the commiflioners, etc.

XXXI. And be it further enaded, That all and every furveyor and furveyors, and infpedor and infpedors, appointed and to be appointed under and by virtue of the faid feveral ads relative to the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, (hall be, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and autho-rifed to infped and examine any lift, or lifts to be made out and figned by any fuch per(bn retaining or employing any fuch male or female fervant or fervants aforefaid, or any affeffment or af-feffments for any parifh or place, before the commiflioners for the execution of this ad (hall have figned and allowed the fame, and to alter and amend any fuch lift or lifts, or afleffment or afleffments, if he or they (hall fee juft caufe for fo doing; and every perfon in whofe cuftody any fuch lifts or afleffments (hall be, (hall, and he is hereby required, upon the requeft of any fuch furveyor or furveyors, or infpedor or infpedors, as aforefaid, to produce the fame: and if any fuch furveyor or furveyors, or infpedor or infpedors, (hall, after any fuch lift or lifts, and affeffment or afleffments, (hall be fo refpedively made out, and figned and allowed as aforefaid, find and difcover upon his or their furvey or examination, that any perfon who ought to be charged with the duties granted by this ad, or any of them, (hall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or (hall have been under-rated, fuch furveyor or furveyors, or infpedor or in-^ i	fpedors.

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicdimo quinto GeoRGII III. c. 43.	147

fpeclors, fhall certify the fame in writing under his or their Hand or hands, according to the directions aforefaid, by way of furcharge, to any two or more okthe faid commiffioners for the execution of this act, in order to have fuch omiffion or underrate rectified in the faid affeffments; and fuch commiffioners are thereupon to caufe the fame to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly.

XXXII.	And whereas fome perfons, liable to the duties granted

by this amay negiefl to deliver fuch lifts and declarations as are herein-before required\ be it further enacted, That where any Penalty on perfon liable, under the directions herein-before contained, to	to

deliver fuch lifts or declaration as aforefaid to the afleffors, (hall ancTdeclara-refufe or neglect, within the time herein-before ptefcribed, to tions. deliver, or caufe to be delivered, any fuch lift or lifts, or declaration, to fuch affeflor or afleffors, he or (he fo refufing or neglecting (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds *

XXXIII.	Andy to the end that perfons keeping fervants liable to ~"	^

the duties granted by this a fly or any of them3 may delivery or caufe Matters to be to be deliveredy to the affefjor or affefforSy true lifts and declarations doubly rated of their refpeflive fervantSy be it further enacted. That in all	ler~

cafes where any affeffor, or furveyor or inipector, (hall make a omit in their furcharge upon any perfon for or in refpect of his or her fervant lifts.

or fervants, omitted to be inferted in any fuch lift or decJara- One half of tion as aforefaid, fuch furcharge (hall be made after the rate of which {ur~ double the duty of the fervant fo omitted; and the affeffor or flowedtheC furveyor fo making fuch furcharge (hall be, and he is hereby in- affeffor or titled to, and (hall have and receive for his own ufe, one moi- furveyor ety of the fum charged by every furcharge which (hall be juftly ™allinS the made upon any fuch lift or declaration.	ame*

XXXIV.	And whereas difficulties may fometimes arife in dif-covering lodgers or inmates in any houfe 3 liable to pay the duties granted by this afl\ be it therefore enacted. That the inhabitant Inhabitant houfeholder of any houfe, in which there (hall be any lodger or houfehoidera inmate, keeping any fervant or fervants liable to the faid duties foyers* * granted by this act, or any of them, (hall, within a week after wfc0 ^cp

, a requifitiQn, by notice in writing left at any fuch houfe, from fervants, or by any affeffor, furveyor, or infpector of the faid duties on fervants, deliver to, or leave for, fuch affeffor, furveyor, or infpector, a lilt, in writing, of every lodger or inmate in fuch , houfe, who (hall, at the time of delivering or leaving fuch notice, retain or employ any fervant liable to the faid duties granted by this act, or any of them, or (hall have retained or employed any fuch fervant or fervants From the tenth day of Oflobery one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, to the fifth day of July3 one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, on the'firft affeffment under this a£i; and from the fifth day of April in in each preceding year, on e ery future affeffinent; which lift containing (hall exprefs the chriftian and furname of every fuch lodger or the names of inmate, and alfo of every fuch fervant or fervants, to the bed thePartle*; of the knowledge or information of fuch inhabitant hou^e* Gn penalty of holder: and if any inhabitant houfeholder (hall refufe or negiedt I0£ y

L 2	to

Hosted by Google

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. C. 43. [17S5

to deliver any fuch lift as laft herein-before mentioned, or (hall wilfully omit or miireprefent any defcription which ought to be contained therein* he or (he fo offending (hall, for every offence, forfeit ten pounds.

—----7--------   I-------------------------------------------   .

Perfons over- XXXV. And be it further enacfted, That if any perfon or rated may ap- perfons (hall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves refpedlively commUiion- overcharged or over-rated by any affeffments, charge, or lur->

charge to be made by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, it (hall be lawful for him, her, or them refpedtively to appeal to the faid commiftioners for the execution of this a6t; and the: faid commiftioners, or any two or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine ali fuch appeals, except where it (hall appear to the faid commiftioners that the perfon appealing (hall have omitted to deliver in his or her lift or lifts, or declaration, in manner aforefaid, and (hall not aflign fufficient caufe, to the fatisfaeftion of the commiftioners, in .man-

Appellantto ^ner for fuch omiflion herein-before mentioned; provided that, deliver, on at the time of hearing the fame appeal, a lift or lifts (hall be

ofthe*1 reateft Pro^ucec^’ by or on Part °f t^e appellant, upon his or her number^of CU oat^> °f the greateft number of fervants, liable to the aforefaid fervants em- duties granted by this a6l, of fuch appellant, within the diftridt ployed, etc. or limits of the place where fuch appeal (hall be made, kept by

him or her at any time between the tenth day of Oflober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, with refpeft to the fpace of time which (hall have elapfed between the faid tenth day of OSiober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and. the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five; or with refpedt to any future year, the greateft number of fuch fervants which fhall have been fo kept by him or her within the year preceding the fifth day of April in every fuch year, with fuch defcription and explanation, and alfo fuch lift or declaration as to other diftri<fts, as is herein-before required ; and all fuch appeals (hall be heard and determined, for the firft affeffment, on fuch days as the faid commiftioners for the execution of this a61, or any two or more of them, (hall appoint, and afterwards on the days to be appointed, and in the manner diredted by the feveral adts herein-before mentioned with refpedfc to the duties on houfes, and windows or lights.

Commiflion- XXXVI. And be it further enadled, That the faid comers not to miftioners for the execution of this adh or any of them, (hall rnsfct* anv	7	/	*

abatement in not, uPon hearing any appeal, make any abatement or de-

the charge, falcation in the charge or furcharge made upon any perfon by etc. unlefs it fuch affeffment as aforefaid, or the furcharge of any fuch fur-o^oa^tha’t veYor or furYeyors as aforefaid, but the fame (Hall ftand good the appellant anc* remain Part °f the annual affeffment, unlefs it (hall then is over-rated, appear to the faid commiftioners, by examination upon oath. Ten da s no- t^lat Per^on *s over-rated in and by fuch affeffments or fur-ticeto be given charge; and every perfon intending to appeal to the faid com-pf appeal. miffioners (hall, and is hereby required to give at the leafl: ten

days

Hosted by

by Google

1785.3	Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 45.

days notice thereof to the faid furveyor, or to. one or more of the afleflors of the parifh or place wherein fuch perfon is fated, of fuch intention to appeal: and fuch furveyor or infpedor and afleflors may then and-there attend to juftify the faid aflefiVnent and furcharge; and fuch furveyor, .infpedor, and afleflor, and -appellant, (hall have full and free liberty to be prefent: during all the time of hearing fuch refpe^ive appeals, and the determination of the faid commiflioners on the fame: and the faid Commifiion-commilfioners are hereby authorifed and impowered upon every ^^in^rtain fuch appeal, although they fhall confirm the furcharge df fuch rer^it the^pe-afleflors, or furveyor or infpedor, upon application of fuch ap- unity before pellant as aforefaid, to remit and ftrike off the penalty herein- directed to be before directed to be paid to fuch afleflor, furveyor, or infpec- P^^t0 the tor, furcharging fuch lift, if they fhall be of opinion that there a c ov> etc* was any doubt .whether the fervant fo furchanred was rateable-within the meaning of this ad, and was wilfully omitted by fuch appellant out of fuch lift or lifts, or declaration as afore* faid.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacfted, That Pena’ty on if, on fuch examination on the hearing of fuch appeal, it (ball

appear to the faid commiflioners for the execution of this ad, faife^fur-118 * that fuch furcharge was falfely and vexatioufly made; then, and charge, in fuch cafe, fuch furveyor, or afleflor or infpedor fo furcharging, (half forfeit and incur fuch penalties and punishment as, ity and by the faid ads relative to the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, are direded to be inflided on furveyors, or inspectors or afleflors, for negled of duty.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That all appeals, Determina-once heard and determined by the faid commiflioners of this tion of comad, or any two or more of them, or the major part of them ^n^je#rsto then prefent, on the day or days by them appointed for hearing w 9

of appeals, fhall be final, except as herein-afcer excepted.	except, etc.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded, That if either the faid Perfons difTa-furveyor or infpedor, or the perfon fo appealing, in that part tisffed may, of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon ^^afto^the Tweedy (hall apprehend the determination made by . the faid court of * commiflioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of king’s bench; ttys ad, and fhall then declare himfelf or herfelf diflatisfied

with fuch determination, it (ball and may be lawful to and for fuch furveyor or infpedor, or perfon fo appealing fefpedively, • v to require the faid commiflioners for the execution of this ad -to ftate fpecially, and fign the cafe upon which the queftion arofe, together with their determination thereupon; and the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them then prefent, are hereby required to ftate and fign fuch cafe accordingly, and to caufe the fame to be delivered to the party making fuch requeft as aforefaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the jttftices of .the court of king’s bench or common pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of exchequer, for the time being; and every fuch juftice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, to return an anfwer to fuch cafe fo tranf-

L 3 ;	mitred*

,	.	Hosted by Google

and in Scotland, to the court of fef-fion, etc.

Provifo, relative to cafes transmitted to the judges.

Monies arifing from thi<? act to be paid into the exchequer, and entered iepa-rate from all others.

Application

thereof.

Penalties ex ceeding aol.

Anno vicefimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 43. [1785.

mitted, with his opinion thereupon fubfcribed thereto; accord* ing to which opinion fo certified, the afleffment which (hall have been the caufe of the appeal (hall be altered or confirmed : and if either the faid furveyor or infpedor, or the perfon fo appealing, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall apprehend the determination made by the faid commiflioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, and (hall then declare himfelf or herfelf diffatisfied with fuch determination, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch furveyor, or perfon diffatisfied refpedively, to require the faid commiffi-oners, or the major part of them then prefent, to ftate fpecially, and fign the cafe upon which the queftion arofe, together with their determination thereupon; and the faid commiflioners are hereby required to ftate and fign fuch cafe accordingly, and to caufe the fame to be delivered to the party making fuch requeft as aforefaid, to be by him or her tranfmitted to one of the judges of the court of feflion, or of the barons of the exchequer in Scotland; and every fuch judge and baron is hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, to return an anfwer to fuch cafe fo tranfmitted, with his opinion thereupon fubfcribed thereto; according to which opinion fo certified, the afleffment which (hall have been the caufe of fuch appeal, (hall be altered or confirmed.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That not-withftanding any fuch cafe fo tranfmitted to any of the faid juftices, judges, or barons, the determination of the faid com-mifiioners for the execution of this ad (hall ftand, with refped to the payments which fhal! become due, precedent to the opinion certified by any fuch juftice, judge, or baron,' upon fuch cafe.

XLI. And be it further enaded, That there (hall be kept in the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid duties granted by this ad, and paid into the4aid receipt, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all monies paid or •payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon any account whatfoever; and all monies fo paid into the faid receipt under this ad, (hall be appropriated in manner following; (thgt is to fay), the annual fum of fifty-one thoufand pounds, part of the duties arifing by this ad, (hall be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund9 as is di-reded by the faid recited ad of the feventeenth year of his prefent Majefty, in refped to the duties on male fervants thereby granted; and the remainder of the duties granted by this ad, (hall be a fund for the payment of the annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences as are direded to be paid and pay-* able purfuant to an ad of this prefent feflion of parliament, (intituled, An aft for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, viclu* ailing, and trarifport hills, and ordnance debentures.)

XLII. And be it further enaded, That every penalty or forfeiture which (hall be incurred under this ad of a greater fum

than

Hosted by

Google

1785.I Anno vicefirho quinto Georgii III. c. 43.	tgt

than twenty pounds, (hall be recovered in any of his Majefty’s where to be courts of record at Wejiminjier, if the matter fhall arife within recovered. England or Wales ^ or the town of Berwick upon Tweed; or in the court of feffion, court of jufticiary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, if the matter (hall arife in that part of the united kingdom, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information; wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and one moiety of every fuch penalty or forfeiture fhall belong to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, and the other moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame.

XLIII. And be it further enaCted, -That, in all cafes where Penalties not the penalty by this a6t impofed doth not exceed the fum of twenty pounds, it fhall be recoverable before two or more

recoverable before two

juflices of the peace of the county, riding, {hire, ftewartry, di- juftices; vifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence fhall be committed, on proof of the offence, either by the voluntary confeffion of the party or parties accufed, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes; and one moiety of every fuch laft mentioned penalty fhall belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers profecuting for the fame; and in cafe of nonpayment aT1(? fhall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and	^

chattels, by warrant under the hands and feals of fuch juftices; and the overplus of the money raifed, after deducing the penalty, and the expences of the diftrefs and fale, fhall be rendered to the owner; and, for want of fufficient diftrefs, the offender fhall be fent by fuch juftices to the prifon of fuch county, riding, fhire, ftewartry, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, for fuch time, not exceeding .fix months, nor lefs than one month, as fuch juftices Jhali think moft proper.

XLIV,. And be it further ena&ed. That all conftables and Conftables, headboroughs, tithingmen, and other his Majefty’s officers, ?tc\tobe a,<** (hall and are hereby required and enjoined to be refpecfively this^cU aiding and affifting in the execution of this aS, and to obey and execute fuch precepts or warrants as fhall be to them directed in that behalf by the refpe^live commiffioners hereby appointed,,or any three or more of them.

XLV. And be it further enabled, That all actions, fuits, or Limitation of informations, for any offence againft this act, fhall be brought actions, within one year after the offence committed, and being brought after the time fo limited, fhall be void; and if any perfon or perfons fhall at any time or times be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this a61, or of any claufe, matter or thing, herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons may plead the general iflue, and give the Jpecial matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict (hail pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or Treble colls, them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

L4	CAP.

General iffue.

Hosted by

Google

Preamble;

From July 5,

1785, no policy of infur-ance'on (hips or goods to be made, without irj-ferting therein the names of the per tons interefted, or of their a-genls.

.a. uU-

Policies made contrarvhere-fo, ihali be void.

Preamble.

Anno viceGmo quinto Georgii III. c. 44,45. [1785. GAP. XLIV.

An aft for regulating insurances on Jhips, and on goods, merebandi-•	zeSy	or	effefts.

WHEREAS it hath been found by experience, that the making or ejfefting infurances on Jhips or veffels, and on goods, merchandizes, and effefts in Hanky and without fpecifying therein the name or names of any perfon or per fans for whofe ufe and benefit, or on whofe account, fuch infurances are made or effeft-edy hath been, in many refpefts, mifehievous, and produftive of great inconveniencies; for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-five, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons, who (hall live or refide in Great Britain, to make or caufe to be made any policy or policies of aflurance upon his, her, or their intereft in any (hip or (hips, veffel or veffels, or on any goods, merchandizes, effeds, or other property, without inferting in fuch policy or policies, his, her, or their own name or names, as the perfon or perfons interefted therein, orihe name or names of the perfon or perfons who (hall effed the fame, as the agent or agents of the perfon or perfons fo really interefted therein, or for whofe ufe or benefit, or on whofe account, fuch policy or policies is or are fo made or underwrote; and that it (hall not be lawful, from\and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, for any perfon or perfons who (hall not live or refide in Great Britain, to make or caufe to be made any policy or policies of aflurance upon his, her, or their intereft in any (hip or (hips, veffel or velfels, or on any goods, merchandizes, effeds, or other property, without inferting in fuch policy or policies the name or names of the agent or agents of the perfon or perfons fo really interefted therein, or for whofe ufe or benefit,, or on whofe account, the fame is or are fo made or underwrote; and that every policy or policies of aflurance, made or underwrote contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, (hall be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

C A P. XLV.

An aft for reducing the time for the imprifonment of debtors com-mitted to prifn, upon profecutions in courts of confcience, in London, Middlefex, and the borough of Southwark, to the fame periods in each court; and for abolifhing fees paid by thofe debtors to gaolers, or others, on account of fuch imprijonment.

WHEREAS,^ various afts of parliament now in force, and made to ejlablifo or regulate courts for the recovery of /'mall debts, particularly in the city of London, the county ^Middlefex,

the

Hosted by Google

1785*3 Anno vicefimo qqinto GeorgiiIII. C.45.	153

the city, and liberty of Weftminfter, the ToweggHamlets, and within the town and borough of Southwark, thermno uniform * time limited for the duration of the imprifonment of We defendant or debtor, againjl whom an execution, procefs of contempt, or precept in the nature of an execution, is ijfusd for nonpayment of fuch debts, and cofis, fum or fums of ' money, as by the order or orders of fuch courts, fuch debtor or defendant is ordered or dire died to pay, but fuch debtors or defendants are by fuch atts of parliament to be committed to prifon, there to remain for an indefinite length of time, until he, fhe, or they, Jhall perform the order of the court or com-mijfioners in that behalf, fo that it frequently happens that a poor perfon who is not of ability t6 pay a debt of or under forty Jhillings, is imprifoned for many months, and fometimes for years, without a po]fibiliiyt of being difcharged: and whereas it often happens that poor perfons who. are committed to prifon by virtue of, and in pur-fuance of the faid atts of parliament, for a trifling debt, are kept in cuftody, after they have been enabled to pay and difcharge fuch debt, for gaol fees, notwithjlanding it does not appear by the table of fees in juch atts of parliament, that any gaol fees whatever are to be , , taken dr paid: for remedy whereof, be it enacfted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confeht of the lords fp.iritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame* That, From June from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand ^4,1785* feven hundred and eighty-five, no perfon or perfons whomfo- mitted\o°pri-ever, being a debtor or defendant, and who have been, or (hall fon by courts" be committed, to any gaol or prifon, by order of any court, or of conference commiffioners authorifed by virtue of any adl or a£ts of parlia- in London, ment, to conftitute or regulate any court or courts for the re-covery of final! debts* in the city of London, in the county of debt of 20s. Middlefex, and town and borough of Southwark, in the county or under, not of Surrey, where the debt does not exceed twenty (hillings, (hall to he confin-be kept or continued in cuftody, on any pretence whatsoever, more than twenty days from the time of his, her, or their notexce’eding commitment to prifon: and where the debt does not amount 40s. for more to, dr exceed the fum of forty (hillings, more than forty than 40 days, days from the time of his, her, or their commitment as afore-faid 5 and all gaolers, keepers, or turnkeys, are hereby directed and required to difcharge fuch perfons accordingly.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Such prifon-That when the time (hall expire for which fuch perfon or per- ers to be dif-fons refpedively (hall have been committed dr fent to any gaol charged wither prifon as aforefaid, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall im- gaoHees0/ mediately be difcharged and fet at liberty without paying any fum or fums of money, fee or fees, or other reward or gratuity whatfoever, to the gaoler, keeper, or turnkey of fuch gaol or prifon, or others, by way of gaol, fees, or difcharge fees, or otherwife, on any pretence whatfoever; arid every gaoler, Penalty on keeper, or turnkey, of any fuch gaol or prifon* or others, de- gaolers, etc, manding, taking, or receiving any fee or fees, fum or fums of £eee”andias money whatsoever, upon the difcharge of any fuch perfon or

perfons

Hosted by Google

Two juftices may determine offences againft this • act.

Penalties may be levied by diftrefs,

or the offen* der committed.

Application of forfeitures.

Complaints of offences to be made within two months.

Procefs not to IfTue againft both bodyand goods of the fame party.

Qualification of commifli-oners for executing the aforefaid afts.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c.45. [1785.

perfons fo to b§ committed to his cuftody a& aforefaid, or keeping or detainmjg any fuch perfon or perfons prifoner or prifon-ers, after the time for which he, (he, or they, (hall be committed as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any two juftices of the peace where the offence fhall be committed, to hear and determine any offence againft this adt; which faid two juftices of the peace are hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made before them of fuch offence having been committed, to fummon the party accufed, and alfo the witneffes on either fide, and to examine into the matter of fadt; and upon due proof made thereof by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or by the voluntary confeffion of the party, to give judgement or fentence for the penalty or forfeiture as in and by this a61 is directed, and to award and iffue out their warrant under their hand and feal for levying the faid penalty of five pounds fo adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they fhall not be redeemed in four days, rendering to the party the overplus, (if any;) and where the goods of fuch offender cannot be found fufficient to anfwer the penalty, to commit fuch offender to prifon, there to remain for the fpace of two months, unlefs fuch penalty fhall be looner paid and fatisfied.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That all forfeitures and penalties inflidted by this adt (the neceffary charges for the recovery thereof being firft dedudted) fhall be divided and diftri-buted, one moiety thereof to be paid to the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor, for the fupport and maintenance of the poor of the parifh in which the offence was committed, and the other moiety to the perfon or perfons who fhall inform and fue for the fame.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That no perfon or perfons fhall be liable to be convidted before any juftices of the peace for any offence committed againft this adt, unlefs complaint or information fhall be made or exhibited againftiuch perfon or perfons within two calendar months after fuch offence committed.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That it fhall not be

lawful for any fuch court or commiflioners to iffue any procefs againft the body or bodies of any perfon or perfons, where the party intitled to the benefit of any order, judgement, or decree, fhall, at the fame time, have obtained any warrant or procefs againft the goods and chattels of the fame perfon or perfons.	*

VII.	And be it further enadted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June> one thoufand feven hundred and eighty five, no perfon (hall be capable of adting as a commifli-oner in the execution of the feveral adts herein-before mentioned, unlefs fuch perfon fhall be a houfeholder within the di-

ftridt.

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno Vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 46.	155

ftridl, city, liberty, or place, for which he (hall adl, arid (hall

be poffeffed of a real eftate of the annual value of twenty

pounds, or of a perfonal eftate of the value of five hundred

pounds: and if any perfon, not being fo qualified, (hall pre- Penalty on

fume to aft as a commiftioner in the execution of any of the a&ingnotbe-

faid adts, fuch perfon fo adting (hall forfeit and pay the fum of *no qualified.

twenty pounds to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the

fame; to>be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record

at Wejlminfler, with full cofts of fait, by adlion of debt, or on

the cafe, wherein no effoin, protedlion, privilege, or wager of

law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and the

perfon fo profecuted (hall prove that he is qualified as aforefaid,

or otherwife (hall pay the faid penalty, upon proof being given

of his having adted as a commiffioner in the execution of any

of the faid adts 5 provided fuch adlion or fuit be commenced

within fix calendar months next after the offence committed.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That this adt (hall be Publick act. deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick adt; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

C A P. XLVI.

An aft for the more effeftual transportation of felons, and other offenders, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the removal of prifoners in certain cafes.

WHEREAS an aft was paffed in the laft fejfton of parlia- Preamble.

went, intituled, An adt for the cffedtual tranfportation of Recital of 44 felons, and other offenders; and to authorize the removal of Geo.3.c.560 prifoners in certain cafes; and for other purpofes therein mentioned : and whereas the faid aft does not extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotlandbut it is expedient that his Majefty he empowered, with the advice of his privy council, to appoint certain places, as well out of his Majejlys dominions >as within the fame, to which criminals, when condemned to tranfportation in that part of the kingdom, may be conveyed; and that other regulations be made for the more effeftual tranfportation of fuch offenders there: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the P^fonscon-firft day’of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, tranfportable when any perfon or perfons (hall be lawfully convidted, before crimes in any court, competent for the trial of crimes in Scotland, of any Scotland,may offence for which the puniftiment of tranfpo^ation or banifh- be tranfport-ment beyond feas may be inflidted, it (hall and may be law-ful for the faid court to order and adjudge, that fuch perfon or perfons fo convidled as aforefaid, (hall be tranfported beyond the feas, in like manner as now i$ in ufe; and, in every fuch

cafe.

Hosted by Google

I 56

to fuch places as his Majefty, in council, (hall appoint.

If his Majefty Ihould extend his mercy to any offender capitally convicted, the court may order him to jbe tranfported.

Perfons contracting to tranfport offenders, may carry them through any county to the fea-port. Penalty on refcuing them, etc.

If any perfon ordered for tratifporta-tion, etc. (hall be found at large in Great Britain or Ireland, before the expira-

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c.	4.6.[17S5.

cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to declare and appoint to what place or places, .part or parts beyond the Teas, either within his Majefty’s dominions, or elfewhere out of his Majefty’s dominions, fuch offenders (hall be conveyed or tranfported ; and fuch court is hereby authorifed and impowered to adjudge the fer-\ices of fuch offenders, and to order them to be transferred to the ufe of any perfon or perfons, and his or their affigns, who (hall contract for the due performance of fuch tranfportation: and when his Majefty, his heirs and fuceeffors, fhall be pleafed to extend mercy to any-offender or offenders, who hath or have been, or fhall be under fentence of death, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, upon condition of tranfportation to any place or places, part or parts beyond feas, either for term of life, or any number of years, and fuch intention of mercy (hall be fignified by one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of date, it fhall be lawful for any court, having proper authority, to allow fuch offender or offenders the benefit of a conditional pardon, and (except in cafes where fuch offender or offenders (hall be authorifed by his Majefty to tranfport himfelf, herfelf,.or themfelves)'to order the transfer of fuch offender or offenders to any-perfon or perfons who (hall contraCl for the due performance of fucB tranfportation, and his or their alfigns, for fuch and the fame term of years for which any fuch offender or offenders" (hall have been ordered to be tranfported, or for fuch term of life or years as fhall be fpecified in fuch condition of tranfportation as aforefaid; and fuch perfon or perfons fo contracting as aforefaid, his or the'r affigns, by virtue of fuch order of transfer as aforefaid, fhall have a property in the fer-vices of fuch offender or offenders for fuch terms refpeCtively.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Th. *he perfon or perfons fo contracting as aforefaid, to whom any c ender fhall be delivered in order to be tranfported, or any o er perfon or perfons lawfully authorifed, may, in fuch manne* as they (hall think fit, carry and fecure the faid offenders in and through any county of Great Britain, towards the fea port or place from whence they are to be tranfported; and if any perfon or perfons fhall refcue fuch offenders, or any of them, or affiflf them, or any of them, in making their efcape from fuch perfon or perfons as fhall have them in their cufto-dy, as'aforefaid, he, (he, or they (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy by the lav/ of England.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That’if any offender or offenders, who fhall be fo ordered by fuch court as aforefaid, to be tranfported beyond the feas, or who (hall agree to tranfport himfelf or herfelf on certain conditions, either fo#ife or any number of years, to any fuch place or places, part or parts, as fhall be appointed by his Majefty in manner aforefaid; (hall be afterwards at large within any part of the kingdom of Great Britain ox,Ireland\ without fome lawful

caufe*

,	Hosted	by	Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c.46.	157

caufe, before the expiration of the term for which fuch offender tion of his or offenders (hall have been ordered to be tranfported beyond term* he (hall the Teas, or (hall have fo agreed to tranfport himfelf or herfelf death, as aforefaid, every fuch offender being at large as aforefaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy, by the law of England; and fuch offender or offenders, being fo found at large in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, may and (hall be tried there before any court of competent jurifdi&ion for the trial of the original offence: and whoever (hall difcover and profecute to Perfonsdif-convidtion any fuch offender or offenders, fo being at large as covering and aforefaid, (hall be entitled to a reward of twenty pounds Afor fuc^offen'd-every fuch offender fo convidled : provided neverthelefs, That ers, intitled his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, may pardon and. dif- to a reward penfe with fuch tranfportation, and allow of the return of any ofaol# fuch offender to the kingdom of Great Britain.

IV.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, His Majefty from and after the paffing of this adt, it (hall be lawful for his . impoweredto Majefty, from time to time, by an order in writing, to be no- authorife two tified by one of his principal fecretaries of ftate, or for any two \or^ Qf jufti-or mpre of the lords of judiciary in Scotland, who (hall be au- ciary to or-thorized by his Majefty under his fign manual, to diredt the der, the reremoval of any male offender or offenders who now is or are, ^^ers^n-or hereafter (hall be under fentence of death, but reprieved dur- jjer fcntence ing his Majefty’s pleafure, or under fentence or order of tranf- of death, etc. portation, in that part of Great Britain called Scotlandand who, frpm anY Sa°l having been examined by an experienced furgeon or aPot^ecary/ anSQ^^^nto (ball appear to be free from any putrid or infectious diftemper, GreatBritate, and fit to be removed from the gaol or prifon in which fuch etc. offender or offenders (hall be confined, to fuch place of confinement within Great Britain, either at land or on board any (hip or veffel in the River Thames, or any navigable or other river, or within the limits of any port of Great Britain, as his Majefty, or others legally authorifed as aforefaid, (hall from time to time appoint; and every offender, who (hall be fo removed, (hall continue in the faid place of confinement, or be removed to or confined in any other fuch place or places as aforefaid, as his Majefty, or any others duly authorifed as aforefaid, from time to time, (hall appoint, until fuch offender (hall be tranfported according to law, or by the expiration of the term of fuch tranfportation, or otherwife, (hall be intitled to his liberty, or until fuch offender be returned to the gaol or prifon from which he '

(hall have been fo removed; and the (heriff, magiftrate, or Gaoler to degaoler, having the cuftody of any offender, whofe removal (hall be ordered in manner aforefaid, (hall, with all convenient fpeed, fuch'orders0 after the receipt of the notification of any fuch order, convey, with a proper or caufe to be conveyed, every fuch offender to the place ap- certificate* pointed, and there deliver him, together withii certificate, containing his chriftian name, furname, and age, and alfo the of- , fence for which, and the court in which he was convicted, and

the

Hosted by: Google

Expences of removal how to be paid.

Oferfeers, to •whom fuch j>rifoner8 are delivered, to have the fame powers over them as gaolers, etc.

Time of imprisonment to be deemed part of the term of transportation. Overfcersmay inflict moderate punifli-ment for mif-behaviour, etc.

If offenders cannot conveniently be , trail fported to theplace mentioned in their fen-tence, two judges of the court of judiciary may order them to

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c.46.	[1785.

the purport of his or her Sentence, to the overfeer or overfeers 'of the faid place to which fuch offender is fo fent, who (hall give a proper receipt, in writing, to the (heriff, magiftrate, or gaoler, for his exoneration.

V.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That all fees and expences attending fuch removal, (hall be paid in the fame manner as has been praclifed in Scotland in the cafe of tranfportation beyond feas.

VI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That after the removal of any offender under this ad, the overfeer who (hall have the cuftody of him (hall, during the term of fuch cuftody, have the fame powers over him as are incident to the office of a (heriff or gaoler, and in like manner be anfwerable for any efcape of fuch offender, and alfo, during fuch cuftody, (hall feed and cloath fuch offender, and (hall keep him to labour at fuch places, and under fuch directions, limitations, and reftridtions, as his Majefty, or others duly authorifed as aforefaid, (hall, from timd to time, by any order to be directed to fuch overfeer or overfeers for their inftrudion, appoint.

VII.	And it is hereby declared, That the time during which any offender (hall have continued in gaol under fentence of tranfportation, or,' being removed under the provifions aforefaid, (hall continue confined by virtue of this ad, (hall be taken and reckoned in difcharge, or part difcharge or fatisfadion of the term of his tranfportation: and if, during fuch confinement under this ad, he (hall be guilty of any disorderly condud, it (hall be lawful for the overfeer or overfeers, having the cuftody of him, to inflid, or caufe to inflid fuch moderate punilhment or corredion as may be inflided by law on perfons committed to a houfe of corredion; and if any fuch offender (hall break from, or unlawfully efcape from the cuftody of fuch overfeer, or overfeers; or if any perfon (hall refcue, or attempt to refcue, or affift in refcuing, any fuch offender from fuch cuftody; or (hall convey, or caufe to be conveyed, any difguife, inftrument, or arms,, to fuch offender; every fuch offence (hall be punifh-able in the fame manner as if fuch offender had been confined in a gaol or prifon, in the cuftody of the (heriff, magiftrate, or gaoler, for the crime of which fuch offender (hall have been convided.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any offender, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, hath already been ordered to be tranfported to any part beyond the feas, or if any order (hall at any time hereafter be made for the tranfportation of any fuch offender, and fuch order cannot be conveniently executed with refped to the place in fuch order mentioned, it (hall be lawful for any two or more of the judges of the court of judiciary to order that fuch offender ftiall be tranfported to any other part or place beyond the feas, which ftiall have been appointed by his Majefty, with the advice of his privy council as aforefaid^ for the tranfportation

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGH III, C. 46,	159

tion of fuch offenders, in fuch and the like manner, and for the be tranfport-fame term of years, as fuch offender is or (hall be liable to be to any tranfported, to the place mentioned in the original fentence or ®the^ order for his or her tranfportaiion; and fuch order (hall be con- h^Majefty * fidered as made at the fame time, and (hall be as effectual to for the tranf-cvery intent and purpofe, arid (hall have all the fame confe- portation of quences in every refpeCt, as the original order for the tranf- offend-portation of fuch offender; and fuch offender fhall be trans-er5* ferred, conveyed, and made over, to any perfon who will con-trad for the performance of fuch tranfportation, and to his or their afligns, in like manner as if fuch offender had been tranfported to the place mentioned in the original order of tranfportation ; and fuch perfon or perfons fo contracting as aforefaid, his or their afligns, by virtue of fuch order of transfer as aforefaid, (hall have a property in the fervice of the faid offender, for the remainder of the term for which the offender was originally ordered to be tranfported; and in cafe fuch offender Offenders re-fo ordered for tranfportation, (hall be afterwards at large within turning before any part of the kingdom of Great Britain, without fome lawful caufe, before the expiration of the term for which fuch offender t0	*

(hall have been ordered to be tranfported, every fuch offender, death, being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy, and (hall be tried before fuch judges, and in fuch manner, and the fame evidence made ufe of for his or her conviction, as (hall be directed by the laws now in being, or hereafter to be made, for the trial of other offenders found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which they were ordered to be tranfported ; and whoever fhall difeover and profecute to conviction any fuch sol. reward offender, fo being at large within this kingdom as aforefaid, for profecut-(hall be intitled to a reward of twenty pounds for every fuch fenders. ° " offender fo convicted.

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That all actions, fuits, and profecutions, to be commenced Limitation of againfl: any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance actlons* of this aCt, (hall be laid and tried in the county and place where the faCt was committed, and (hall be commenced within fix calendar months after the faCt committed, and not otherwife.

X.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the Continuance provifions of this aCt, fo far as the fame extend to authorife the of ^8 act* removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, (hall continue to be in force until the firft day of June, one thoufand

feven hundred and eighty-feven, and from thence umil the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

i6o	Anno	vicefimo	qulnto	Georgii	III.	c.	47.	[1785.

CAP. XLVIL

' An aft for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned from the commiffioners of excife, and the com-miffmers of ft amps refpe ftively , to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes; and alfo for making further provifions in refpeft to the faid duties fo transferred.

Preamble. TIT HERE AS by an aft> made in the twentieth year of his Coache8 etc. V V late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An a6t for ao. GeQ*a. * granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon coaches, c. 10.	and other carriages therein mentioned ; and for railing the fum

of one million, by way of lottery, to be charged upon the faid rates and duties; it was enafted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty ~feven, there fioould be raifed and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, for and upon every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh with four wheels, chaife-marine, chaife with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriages then were, or thereafter might be called or known, that Jhould be kept by or for any perfon for his or her own ufe, or to be let out to hire* (except fucb coaches and other carriages as then were, or thereafter might be licenfed by the commiffioners for the duties arifing by hackney coaches9) the yearly fum of four poundsand for and upon every calajh, chaife, and chair, with two wheels, or by what name foever fuck carriages then were, or thereafter might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more horfes, that Jhould be kept by or for any perfon or perfons for his or their own ufe, or to be let out to hire, the yearly fum of forty Jhillings; which faid feveral rates and duties Jhould be paid by the perfon or per Jons keeping fuch carriages; and the faid rates and duties were put under the management of the corn* mifftonen of excife in England and Scotland refpe ftively ;■ in which aft there was a claufe, exempting publitk Jlage coaches from the faid duty of four pounds: and whereas by an aft, made in the 16 Geo. 3. fixteenth year of his prefent Majcfiy, intituled. An a6t for granting e» 34.	to his Majefty feveral duties on coaches, and* other carriages

therein mentioned; and feveral rates and duties upon indentures, leafes, bonds, and other deeds; and upoh cards, dice, and newfpapers; and for raifing tfye fum of two millions by ,	annuities,	and	a	lottery	to	be attended with annuities; an ad-

ditional duty of twenty findings a year was impofed upon every four-wheeled carriage, liable to the duty of four pounds by the faid aft of the twentieth year of his late Majefty; which before mentioned aft of the fixteenth year of his prefent Majefly alfo impofed the yearly duty of five pounds for and upon every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calajh with four wheels, chaije-marine, chaife with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriages then were, or thereafter might be called{or known,'that Jhould be kept by or for any perfon or perfons as publick fage coaches, (except Juth coaches and other carriages as then were, or thereafter might be

licenfed

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimb quinto Georgii III. C.47.'	iSx

ticen/ed by the commijjtoners for the duties arifing by hackney to be paid by the perfon or perfons beeping the fame, who ivere to be under the like rules, direflionSy and penalties, as perfons keeping coaches for their own ufe* or to let out for hire, ivere by the faid aft of the tiventieth of George the Second: and whereas, by virtue of. an act) made in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled\

An a6l for granting to his Majefty additional duties upon the r^ Qea# j, produce of the feveral duties under the management of the re- c. 45. lpedHve commiflioners of the cuftoms and excife in Great Britain ; and of two other aftSy one made in the twenty-firft year 21 Geo. of his prefent Majefiy, and the other in the twenty-fecond year <?/c. 17. and his prefent Majefiyy three feveral additional duties of five pounds aa5je0, ^ per centum became charged upon the produce and amount of the faid Ci’* * duties, fo laid by the faid recited aUs of the twentieth year of George the Second\ and fifteenth year of his prefent Majefiy: and zvhereas by an ably made in the twenty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty, there was charged an additional duty of twenty /hillings a year for and upon every coach, berlihy landau, chariot, calafi with four wheels, chaife- marine, chaife vnth four wheels, and ca-ravan, or 'by what name fever fuch carriages then were or there-after might be called or known, that ftjould be kept by or for any perfon for his or her own uje, or to be let put to hire, or that fiould be kept by or for any perfon or perfons as pub lick Jlage coaches (except fuch coaches and other carriages as then were, or thereafter might be licenfed by the commifftoners for the duties arifing by hackney coaches;) and alfo for and upon every talafi, chaife, and chair with two wheels* cr by ivbat name foever fuch carriages then were or thereafter might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more horfes, that ftrould be kept by or for any perfon or perfons for hiSy hery or their own ufe: and it wa further enaftedy That the faid feveral additional duties therein-before granted Jhould be moreover Jub-jeft to the additional duty of five pounds per centum and ‘five pounds per centum on the produce thereof refpe6livelyy in the fame manner as the additional duties of five pounds per centum and- five pounds per centum were granted by the faid recited atts of the nine* teenth year and the twenty-firfi year of his prefent Majefty: and whereasy by an att made in ihe twenty-third year of his prefent Majefiyy intituledy An a& for granting to his Majefty feveral 43 Geo. f > rates and duties uppn waggons, wains, carts* and other fuch c. 66. carriages, not charged with any duty under the management of the commiflioners of excife, it was enaftedy Tbaty from and after ihe ftrft day of November* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-threey there Jhould be paid unto his Majefiyy bis heirs and fuccefforSy the feveral rates and duties following * (that is to fay \) That every perfon who fiould keep any waggon, wainy cart ,or other fuch carriage, with three or four wheels (except fuch carriages as then were charged with any duty under the management of the commifftoners of excifey) fiould yield and pay annually four /hillings for every fuch waggony wainy or other fuch carriage as aforefaidy which fiould be expreffed in a licence for that purpofe; and that every perfon who fiould keep any cart or other carriage with two wheels {except fucb Vol. XXXV.	-M	carriages

' Hosted by Google

162	Anno	viceftmo	quinto	Georgii	HI.	c.	47; [178^

carriages as were then charged with any duty under the management of the commijftoners of excife,) Jhould yield and pay annually two Jhillings for every fuch cart or other carriage, which Jhould be ex-preffed in a licence for that purpofe j and the ' fold duties were placed under the receipt and management of the commijftoners of JJamps : and whereas by an aft, paffed in the lafl fejfton of parlia-44 Geo. 3.	ment, intituled. An adi for granting to his Majefty certain duties

c- Ji*	pn horfes kept for the purpofe of riding, and on horfes ufed iti

, drawing certain carriages, in refpedl whereof any duty of excife is made payable, it was enabled, That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand [even hundred and eighty-four, there Jhould he paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto his Majefty, his heirs andfucceffors, amongfl other duties, the duties following •> (that is to fay,) every perfon who Jhould keep and ufe any horfe, mare,, or gelding, for the purpofe of riding, or for the purpofe of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calajh, chaife, or any other carriage, by whatfoever name Jucb carriage was then or thereafter might be called or known, for or in refpeft whereof any rate or duty under the management of the commijftoners, of excife, then was payable by any Jlatute then in force, Jhould yield and pay annually for every horfe, mare, or gelding, the fum of ten finllings; and for levying the faid duty on horjes it was enabled, That the fame Jhould be under the government, care, and management of the commifftoners of Jlamps, in manner therein mentioned; in which faid aft is contained a provifo, exempting from the faid duty certain horfes therein particularly defcribed: andi whereas it is expedient that the faid duties on carriages, now or heretofore under the management of the commijftoners of the excife, granted by the faid fever aland recited aft s, Jhould be repealed; be it further enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of The duties the Tame, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thou-^e^elted ^anc^ feven hundred and eighty*five, the faid duties, impofed by a (^repealed .	^aic^ feveral and recited adis, fell ceafe, determine, and be

no longer paid or payable.

Kew duties.. II. And be it further enadbed, That, for and in lieu of the faid duties,, there (hall be charged and paid unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the refpedtive duties following $ (that is to fay,)

For every For and upon every coach, berlin* landau, chariot, calafh coach, ian- with four wheels, chaife*marine, chaife with four wheels, and dau, or other caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriages now are or four-wheeled hereafter may be called or known, that (hall be kept by or for carnage, any perfon for fojs 0r her own ufe, or to be let out to hire (ex-neTcoaches)^ cept fuch coaches and other carriages as now are or hereafter may be licenfed by the commiffioners for the duties on hackney 71. per ann, coaches,) the? yearly fum of feven pounds:

For every ca-	For and upon every calafh, chaife, or chair with two or

Uih, chaife, or three wheels, ©r by what name foever fuch carriages now are

or

Hosted by Google

4785*] Aiino vicefimo qiiinto Gidftfeii 111. c. 4

*63

or hereafter may be called or known, to be drawn by one or other car-more horfes, that (hall be kept by or for any perfon dr petrfons ria&e whh for his or their own ufe, or to be let out td hire, the yearly fum ij1^ bfthree pounds and ten (hillings.	per	ain'

III.	And whereas it is apprehended, that the jhid recited ditties m carriages and horfes may be more conveniently and effectually collected under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, than under the management of the faid commiffioners of excife

'andftamps refpedively; be it therefore enadted, That, from and From July 5, after the fifth day of July, one thoufand (even hundred and 1785, the eighty-five, the feveral powers* rules, methods, regulations, ^g^cited11 and provifions by the faid recited acts of the twentieth year of acts which the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the jriace the du* fixteenth, nineteenth, twenty firft, and twenty-fecond years of ties under the his prefent Majefty, dr any of them, given, prefcribed, and made, for afcertaining, paying, collecting, and feedring the oners of esc* faid recited duties on carriages, under the management of tjie cife and of commiffioners of excife; arid alfo, that from and after the tenth ftamps re* day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, the feveral powers, rules, methods, regulations, and provifions, by the faid recited aCts of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Majefty, dr either of them, giveri, prefcribed, and made, for afcertaining, paying, collecting, and fecuring the faid recited duties on waggons, wains, ahd other fuch carriages not charged with any duty under the management of the commiffioners of excife 5 and alfo oh horfes kept for the pur-pofe of riding, or in drawing certain carriages, in refpeCt whereof any duty of cxcife is made payable, or for limiting the time or manner of paying the fame, and all penalties and for* feitures in refpeCt thereof, (hall eeafe and determine.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That nothing in Noftdrethovd this act contained (halt extend, or be cohftrued to extend, to

remove from the management of the commiffioners of ftamps ftampstheli-the licences granted by them to any perfon or perfons exererf- cences grant* " ing the trade and bufinefs of an horfe dealer, nor to remove the ed to horfe management of the duties charged on the owners of horfes en- dealers, etc* tered to ftart or run for any plate, prize, fum of money, or other thing.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaCIed, That, from Licences for

after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufend feven hundred and keeping wag* _ eighty-five, fo much of the faid recited aCt.of the twenty-third	^

year of his prefent Majefty, charging duties upon waggons,

and other carriages therein mentioned, as requires the faid duties. to be exprefled in a licence for keeping fuch waggons and carriages, (hall be no longer in force, but from thenceforth the fame duties, (hall be payable as if they had been granted without requiring the form of any fuch licence.

Vf. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted. That nothing Not to affect herem-before contained (hall be conftrued to affeft the recovery the recovery of any arrears which may, on the faid fifth oay of July or tenth

M2	day

164

From July s, 178s, the du-ties on carriages, the duties on waggons, etc. andonhorfes, /ball be affeff-ed, etc. by fuch perfons, and in like manner, as the duties on houfes and windows, granted by so Geo. a. c. 3;

ao Geo. 2* c. 4»;

at Geo. ». e. 10;

a6 Geo. a. €. 17 5

31 Geo. a. c. 22;

2 Geo. 3. c.8;

6 Geo. 3. c. 38;

19 Geo. 3. «• 591

Anno vkeGmo quinto GeoRGII III. 0.471 £178^

day of Oftober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, re-FpeCtively, remain unpaid of any of the faid duties, the receipt and management of which are transferred by this a<51, or the recovery of any penalty or forfeiture which may have been in* curred on or before the fame days.

VII. And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, the duties hereby impofed on carriages, heretofore under the management of the commiflioners of excife, and alfo the faid duties on waggons, wains, and other fuch carriages, and on horfes, charged by the faid recited a6ts* or any of them, (hall be aflefled, raifed, levied, colle&ed, and received, by fuch perfons, in fuch and the like form and manner, and with fuch allowances, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and according to fuch rules, methods, and directions, as are prefcribed or appointed for aflefling, railing, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, in and by an aCt, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled, An aft for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and for raifing the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties*, and by another adt, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his. faid late Majefty, intituled. An a ft to enforce the execution of an aft of this fejjion of parliament, for granting to bis Majefly feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and by an aCt made in the twenty-firft year of his faid late Ma-jefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an aft, paffied in the lafl fejfton of parliament, intituled, <c An aft for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and.lights; andfor granting to his Ma-jefly other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and for tatfing the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be chdrged on the faid rates or dutiesand by an a&, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled, An aft for the more effeftual levying of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called, Scotland; and by an a6f, made in the thirty-firft year of his faid late Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon offices and penfionsy and upon houfes, and upon windows or lights*, and for raifing the fum of five millions by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the faid rates and duties; and by an aCt, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty feveral rates qnd duties upon windows or lights; and by an a6t, made in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for repealing the feveral duties upon houfes, windows, and lights *, and for granting to his Majefty other duties upon 'houfes, windows, and lights; and by another a6f, made in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for repealing the duties on all

inhabited

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GEoRGir III. 0.47*	165

inhabited houfes, impofed by an at1 made in the laji fejjion of parliament ; and for granting to his Majefy other duties upon all inhabited houfes in Great Britain, and for amending the faid aft; and alfo for amending fo much of an aft, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, as impofes a duty upon all fervants retained or employed in the feveral capacities therein mentioned; and by another aCt, made in the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Ma-jefty, intituled, An aft for repealing the feveral duties on tea, and 24 Geo* 3-for granting to bis Majefy other duties in lieu thereof ; and alfo fe-veral duties on inhabited houfes; and upon the importation of cocoa nuts and coffee; and for repealing the inland duties of excife thereon; or in or by any of the faid aCts 5 and all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, now in force, contained in the faidaCts, relative to the	•

duties on houfes and windows or lights, for aflefling, railing, levying, and paying the rates and duties thereby granted, fhall be in full force, and be duly obferved, praCtifed, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for aflefling, railing, levying, collecting, and paying, the faid duties hereby placed under the management of the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, as fully and effectually, to all intents and pur-pofes, as the fame are or may be for aflefling, raifing, levying, collecting, and charging the rates and duties granted by the faid aCts on houfes and windows, and on inhabited houfes, fo far as the faid powers, rules, authorities, and penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by this aCt.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted, That the faid duties, here- The transfer-tofore under the management of the commiflioners of ftamps, red duties to the management of which is hereby directed to be transferred, UnderPthe for-fhall be paid into his Majefty’s exchequer for, and applied to, mer a&s. the fame ufes and purpofes as were directed by the aCts by

which the fame duties were granted,

IX.	And whereas the duties on coaches, and other carriages, Recital of the granted by the before recited aft of the twentieth year of the reign of application of his late majefy King George the Second, were charged with the ^et/°srmer payment of certain annuities efablijhed by the faid aft, and afterwards, by an aft of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his faid late

Majefy, made it part of the finking fund \ and the duties granted by the /aid recited afts of the fifteenth and twenty fecond years of the reign of his prefent Majefy, and alfo the feveral additional duties of five pounds per centum by	the faid aft of the nineteenth, and five

pounds per centum by the	faid aft of the twenty firjl, with five

pounds per centum, and ten pounds per centum, granted by the faid aft of the twenty fecond year of the reign of his faid prefent Majefy x were refpeftively made a part or parts of the funds, granted for payment of annuities efablijhed by fundry afts of parliament, pa fed' in the faid fifteenth, nineteenth, twenty firf, and twenty fecond years of the reign of his faid prefent Majefy; be it therefore enaCted, That, Part of new from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand feven him- duties to be dred and eighty-five, out	of the monies that (hall arife and be applied	in the

paid into the receipt of	his MajeftyY exchequer of the faid	me	manner*

M 3	yearly

Hosted by Google

How tb pro* ceed in Cafe of a deficiency of duties.

Anno	qpinto	Qeqrgii III. <?. 47. f 178^.

yearly duties of (even pounds, and of three pounds ten (hillings* on the relpeCiiyp coaches* and other carriages, granted by this aCl, the fum of twenty *t wo thoufand two hundred forty-fix pounds, being one fewth part of the annual fum of eighty-eight thoufand binehundred eighty-four pounds, (hall, quarterly, on the tenth day of Oftpker^ the fifth day of 'January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in every year, be carried to the finding fund £ the fum, of five thoufand four hundred twenty two pounds, and five (fillings, being one fourth part of. the annual fum of twenty-one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-nine pounds, {hall, quarterly on the tenth day of Oftober, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day, of July, in every year,, be. carried to the fund for payment of the annuities efta-blifhed by the, afore-recited aCt of the fixteenth year of the reigp of his prefent Majefty; the fum of one thoufand three hundred feventy-fevea pounds, eighteen (hillings,. and eight-peace,, being one fourth part of the fum of five thoufand five hundred and eleven pounds, fourteen (hillings, and eight-pence per anflttm, (hall, quarterly, on the tenth day of Oftober, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils and the fifth day of July, in every year, be carried to the fund for payment of the annuities eftablifhed by the faid recited aCt of the nineteenth year of the reigp of his prefent Majefty; the fum of one thoufand three hundred fifty-feven pounds, eighteen (hillings, and one penny, being one fourth part of the fum of five thoufand four hundred and thirty-one pounds, twelve (hillings, and four-pence per an-mw, (hall, quarterly, on the tenth day of Oftober, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in every, year, be carried to the finking fund; and the fum of fevety thoufand three hundred twenty-fix pounds, eight (hillings, and nine-pence, being one fourth of twenty-nine thoufand three hundred and five pounds, and fifteen (hillings per annum, (hall, quarterly, on the tenth day of Oftober, the fifrh day of January\ the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in every year, be carried to the fund granted far payment of the annuities eftajbliftved by the faid recited aCt of the twenty-fecond year of tpe reign of his prefent Majefty, and (hall be iflued, paid, and applied, according to the directions, and for the feveral ufes and purpofesto which the fame funds are refpeCUvely appropriated by the afore-recited aCts; which feveral annual fums a fore-men* tioned, are the proportional fums that have been applied out of the duties repealed by this aCt, according to a ftatement made thereof*

X* And be it further enacted, That if, on any of the faid quarter days, the produce of the faid duties on coaches and ' other carriages hereby granted (hall not be fufficient to anfwer the above furps to be carried to the refpeCiive funds as above directed, fuch produce (hall be carried to the feveral funds afore-faid, in the?order in which the fame are herein directed, fb fa* as.the faid produce in fuch quarter will extend, and the deficit enc$ fl^ali bp foppHed out of the produce of the next*, or any,

future

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. C.47,	167

future quarter; and in cafe there (hall be a furplus remaining Surplus to be in the receipt of the exchequer of the monies arifing by the [^e^p0g°.r faid duties, over and above fufficient to fatisfy the charges here- tion 0fPpar’„ by made on the fame, fuch furplus (hall, from time to time, be liament. reserved for the difpofition of parliament, and fhall notbeiflued but by the authority of parliament, and as (hall be directed by any future ad or ads of parliament for that purpofe.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That, for the better afleffing, Commiflion-levying, colleding, and paying the faid recited duties on coaches, ers of the carriages, and horfes, the commiffioners authorifed or appoint-ed, or who (hall be hereafter authorifed or appointed, for put- on houfe's,16* ting in execution the faid ads relative to the duties on houfes, &c. to put and windows or lights, and inhabited houfes, (hall be com-this ad in miflioners for executing this prefent ad, and the powers therein execution, contained, in all and Angular the counties, (hires, ftewartries, ' ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places re-fpedively, within the kingdom of Great Britain ; and fuch com- in£*&c# miflioners, for the fpeedy execution of this ad, (hall, in the re-fpedive counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or (hall be appointed commiffioners, meet for the firft time on or before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, for the purpofe of raifing, levying, and colleding the duty on carriages, now or heretofore under the management of the commiffioners of excife, and on or before the tenth day of October , one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, for the purpofe of raifing, levying, and colleding the duties on waggons, wains, and other fuch carriages, and on horfes; and afterwards fhall in like manner meet yearly, and every year, at fuch day or time as the faid commiffioners for the time being (hall think proper to appoint, on or before the thirtieth day of April; and fhall then divide thamfelves to ad in feparate diftrids, and proceed in the execution of this prefent ad, for afleffing, raifing, levying, and colleding the faid recited duties on carriages and horfes, in fuch and the fame manner as is prefcribed by the faid ads relative to the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, and inhabited houfes, or any of them, with refped to the duties thereby impofed, except fo far as any alteration is made by this fed.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if, Commiffion-by any negligence or default, there (hall not have been a meet- ers,on default ing of the faid commiffioners for executing this ad, within or ?^em^tingon at the times, or according to the manner hereby prefcribed, the above*men-faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, in the refpec- tioned, may five counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, meet after-cinque ports, and towns, in Great Britain refpedively, wherein wi*r<*8> etc. fuch default (hall have happened, may and (hall meet at any other rime or times, as foon as may be after the time or times fo prefcribed, in order to execute the powers of this ad, fo as that thd faid recited duties on carriages and horfes may be duly and effedually affeflfed, raifed, levied, and paid to his Majefty,

M 4	his

- ,158

Cbiibs to be taken by coramiffion-ers*

$fcw oath.

Penalty on &6Hng before taking the oaths.

The fir ft af-feflmentwhen |o be made.

Duties to be paid quarterly.

Arino vicefimo quinto Georgii HI. c. 47. [1785 *

his heirs and fucceflbrs* notwithftanding any fuch default or de-» fe£t as aforefaid.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That no perfon (fiall prefume to adt as a commiffioner in the execution of this adt, (except in adminiftering the oath of qualification herein-after expreffed), until he (hall have taken the feveral oath's requifite to qualify him for adting as a commiffioner of the feveral duties charged on houfes, windows or lights, and inhabited houfes, by any of the adls herein-before referred to, and alfo (hall have taken the following oath ; (that is to fay,)

I A. B. do J\wear, That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commiffioner, according to an aft made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Ihird, for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned from the commifiioners of excife, and the commifiioners of (lamps rfefpedtively, to the commifiioners for the affairs of taxes ; and alfo for making further provifions in refpect to the faid duties fa transferred ; and will determine, without favour or affeftion, upon all appeals which Jhall be brought before me9 under the faid afty ac~ cording to the befi of my Jkill and knowledge,

So help me GOD.

Which oath any two or more of the commifiioners in the coun«« ty, (hire, ftewartry, city, or place, where the afleflment is to be made, are hereby authorifed to adminifter; and if any perform (hall adt as a commiffioner of this adl, (except as aforefaid), before he (hall have taken fuch oaths as aforefaid, he (hall, for every offence, forfeit one hundred pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enadled, That the firft afTeffinent un-* der this adf, of the faid recited duties on carriages, now or heretofore under the management of the commifiioners of excife, (hall be made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five; and of the faid recited duties on waggons, wains, and other fuch carriages, and on horfes, for half a year, from the tenth day of Oftober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five; and afterwards the afleflment of the faid recited duties on carriages and horfes (hall be made for one year, from the fifth day of April in every year.

XV.	And be it further enadled. That the faid recited duties on carriages and horfes, fo to he aflefled under this acl, (hall be paid at the times, and in the manner following, (that is to. fay), quarterly, on the fifth day of "January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Oftober, in every year* by equal portions; the firft of the.faid payments to be made on the tenth day of Oftobsr, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-five, fo^ the duties on carriages, now or heretofore under the management of the commifiioners of excife; and on the fifth clay cA January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, for

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. C.47.	j6$

the duties on waggons, wains, and other fueh carriages, and on horfes.	.	/	.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That all Clauferela-perfpns who, previoufly to the faid fifth day of Jutyy ontenth *lve t0 Pe^’ day of Oflober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, p^^he^ld^ (hall have already paid the aforefaid duties on carriages and duties in horfes, or any of them, for any part of the faid three quarters advance,

or half year, for which the firft affeffments under this a Ct are hereby directed to be made, or their refpeCtive executors or admini-ftratprs, (hall, after paying the laid firft affeffments, have a right to receive back from the commiflioners of excife, or commifli-oners of ftamps, for the duties now or heretofore under their management refpeCtively, or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any monies which (hall have been paid into, or be in their hands, fuch a proportion of the duties fo already paid tp the faid commiflioners of excife or ftamps refpeCtively, as (hall be neceffary to prevent a double payment of the faid duties for the faid three quarters or half year on the faid firft affeffments, or for any part thereof; for which purpofe the faid commiffion-ers of excife and ftamps refpeCtively are’hereby required to make fuch orders, in refpeCt to the time and manner of fuch repayments, as to them (hall appear beft calculated to effectuate the intention of this aCt, and to prevent a double charge.

XVII.	Andy for more effedually levying and collecting the faid recited duties on carriages and horfes under this aft, be it further enaCted, That if at any time there (hall be a negleCt of appoint- If aflefTors ment of affeffors for the faid duties on hojifes, and windows or negled their lights ; or if at any time the affeflors appointed (hall negleCt

what is required of them by this aCt, then, and in every fuch may perform Cafe, it (hall be lawful to and for the furveyor or furveyors, or the fame, the infpeCtor or infpeCtors, appointed or to be appointed under authority of the faid aCts, relative to the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, or on inhabited houfes, or any of them, and they are hereby authorized and required to do and perform fuch and the like fervices as, by the faid aCts, or any of them, are required from fuch affeffors.

XVIII.	And be it further enaCied, That every perfon fo ap- Oaths to be pointed or to be appointed affeffor as aforefaid, or any furveyor *^2}

or infpeCtor hereby authorifed to aCt as an affeffor, (hall, before a e ors* he prefumes to aCt in the execution of the faid office or employment, take (befides the oaths or affirmations required to be taken by affeffors by the before-mentioned aCts relative to the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, or any of them) an oath, or, being one of the people' called ^uakersy make and fubferibe a folemn affirmation, in the following form;

I A. B. do fweary [or affirnty as the cafe may require]. That New oath, 'in making the ajfefiment which by authority of an aft made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Third for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned, from the commiflioners of excife, and the commiflioners of <	ftamps

, Hosted by Go< e

tyo

Penalty on acting before taking the oafh. ,

Kotiee to be .given in the precepts of the appointment of affeffors.

AfTeflors to give notice in writing to perfons keep-ing carriages, etc. to produce lifts of the number kept by them within their diftricts, etc.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47. [17S5.

ft amps refpedively, to the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes* I will charge all perfons according to the bejl of my Jkill and know* hedge*

So help me GOD.

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the commif-fiouers in the county, (hire, ftewartry, city, or place, where the afleffment is to be made, are hereby authorifed and required toadminifter; and if any perfon fo appointed, or to be appointed, or hereby authorifed to ad as affeffor, (hall prefume to ad in the execution of the faid office or employment, before he (hall have taken the aforefaid oath or affirmation, as the cafe (hall be, he (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of twenty pounds.

XIX.	And be it further enaded. That the faid commif-fioners for executing this ad (hall, in the precepts to be from time to time direded by them to the inhabitants of the pari(hes or places within their refpedive diftrids or divifions, naming whom they (hall think fit to be affeffors under the faid ads, relative to the faid duties on houfes, and windows or lights, or any of them, eaufe notice to be inferted, that fuch perfons are alfo appointed affeffors of the faid recited duties upon carriages and horfes..

XX.	And be it further enaded, That fuch perfons to be appointed affeffors as aforefaid, (hall, within fourteen days after fuch their appointment yearly, give or leave notice in writing, to or for every perfon keeping any carriage or horfe liable to the faid recited duties on carriages and horfes, or any of them, within the limits of the places for which fuch affeffors are to ad, at his or her dwelling houfe, to prepare and produce, within the fpace of fourteen days next enfuing the day of giving fuch notice, one lift in writing of carriages, liable to the faid recited duties thereon, or any of them, kept by fuch perfon within fuch limits f the faid lift to defcribe the greateft number of-fuch carriages which fuch perfon (hall have kept at any one time in the courfe of the year, ending on the fifth day of April preceding fuch notice; and to exprefs the denomination of each carriage* and its number of wheels, diftinguifhing which are kept for private ufe, and which for hire, and which are ufed as publick ftagecoaches; and another lift in writing of the number of horfes, liable to the faid duties on horfes, kept and ufed by him or her within fuch limits; every fuch written lift to contain the greateft number by him or her kept and ufed in the courfe of the year, ending on fuch preceding fifth day of April as aforefaid ; and' every fuch perfon (hall, after fuch notice fo given or left, make out the faid lifts, or one of them, as the cafe may require, accordingly, and fign the fame with his or her own hand, and deliver the fame, or eaufe the fame to be delivered to fuch afleffor or affeffors, at any time after the expiration of fourteen days from the faid notice being given, when he Or they (hall call for the fame: and if any fuch perfon (hall rtegle#

or

He )y Google

t j§5’3 Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III.	jyt

or refufe to make out,fign, and deliver fuch lifts, or either of them, How affeffor

within the time before-mentioned, then fuch afleflbr or afleffors to proceed, in

(hall, from the beft information he or they can obtain, make an cafe	lift*

affeffment upon fuch perfon, fo refilling or negleding, for or	**

ih refped of the number of carriages and horfes, liable to the

faid recited duties, or any of them, fo kept by him or her, dif-

tinguifhing them ih manner aforefaid; and every fuch afleflinent

fo made upon any fuch negled. or refufal (hall be final and com*

clufive upon the perfon thereby charged, who (hall not be at

liberty to appeal therefrom* unlefs fuch perfon (hall prove that

he or (he was not at his or her dwelling houfe at the time of

the delivery of fuch notice, nor between that day and the time

limited for delivering fuch lift as aforefaid to the afleflbr; or

unlefs fuch perfon (hall alledge and prove fuch other excufe for

not having delivered his or her lifts or lift, as the commifli-*

Dners for executing this ad (hall, in their judgement, think rea* fonable and fufficient.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That Lifts to con«* the lifts, which (hall be delivered, in manner herein-before tainthegreat-mentioned, by order of the faid eommiflioners upon the carries and firfl afleffment to be made by virtue of this ad, (hall contain the horfes kept greateft number of fuch carnages and horfes as aforefaid, which during the the perfons from whom fuch lifts are herein-before required (halltime to which refpedively have at any time kept and ufed between the fifth day thcy relate* pf J«ty> one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and the

fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.

XXII.	And, to the end that no perfon may pay the faid recited duties for the fame carriages or horfes in more parijhts or dijlrifts

than one, within the fame year, be it further enaded, That if Commiflion-any perfon, having been affeffed under this ad in one parilh ers, on appli-or diftrid for his or her carriages or horfes within the fame,^cation,to (hall be again affeffed in another parifh or diftrid, for or in fo^rfons refped of the fame carriages or horfes, or any of them, in every who have fuch cafe, the eommiflioners for this ad, within fuch latter pa- been affeffed rilh or diftrid, or the majority of the faid eommiflioners pre- in different fent, on any application for the purpofe, may and are hereby uieCfamer required to alter any affeffment of fuch perfon fo affeffed twice, carriages or on proof given before them that fuch perfon hath paid the faid horfes. duties, for or in refped of the fame carriages or horfes in another place, and in what place fpecifically, or hath been affeffed for the fame; which proof (hall be made, as to the fad of payment, by producing a receipt figned by the colledor to whom the fame payment (hall have been made, or, in default thereof, by other reafonable evidence, to the fatisfadion of the faid eommiflioners for putting in execution this ad, or the majority of them, before whom fuch evidence (hall be offered; and the aforefaid proof, as to the fad of the party having been affeffed elfewhere, (hall be made in like manner, either by producing a copy or certificate of the afleflinent figned; by two or more, eommiflioners of the diftrid for which fuch affeffment (hall have bee$ tgade* (which copy ot certificate, the clerk then attending

the

Hosted by Google

Claufe relative to perfons who pay for carriages, etc, in different pariihes.

Jn cafe the lifts delivered to the afleflors (hall be found deficient,they may furcharge the fame.

A fie (Tors to deliver their aflefliments to the commiflioners within 3 months after their appointment. Commiflion-ers to fign the fame, and appoint collectors, etc.

Anno vicelimo quinto Georgii III, c. 47. [1785.

the faid commiflioners (hall deliver gratis to the party requiring the fame), or, in default of fuch copy 4>r certificate, then fuch proof (hall be made by other evidence, to the fatisfadian of the commiflioners prefent, or the majority of them.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That every perfon who (hall be called upon by virtue of this ad to give fuch lifts or lift as aforefaid, (hall, when he or (he (hall give in fuch lifts dr lift, at the fame time return a lift, or make a declaration* figned by him or her, of the number of fuch carriages and hpffes as aforefaid refpedively he or (he (hall mean to pay for at every other place, fpecifying the particular parilh or pariihes, or diftrid or diftrids, wherein he or ihe (hall mean to pay for fuch other carriages and horfes refpcdively; and the faid af-feflbrs (hall enter the lift or declaration laft mentioned at the end of their feveral afleffments, and deliver them to the furvey-or for each parifh or diftrid, in order that he may tranfmit the particulars thereof to the commiflioners for managing the affairs of taxes.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That fuch afleflors as aforefaid (hall not be bound by fuch lifts as (hall be delivered to them refpedively, in purfuance of this ad; but (hall be at liberty, if they (ball find, upon due examination, that any carriage or carriages, or horfe or horfes, is or are omitted in fuch lifts, to furcharge the fame, and make a true affeffment upon every perfon keeping fuch carriages or horfes within their refpec-tive diftrids, of the real number of carriages or horfes kept by each fuch perfon, diftinguifhing every fuch carriage and horfe, in manner hereinbefore direded.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That fuch afleflors as aforefaid (hall, from time to time, make and deliver in writing their afleffments of the faid duties on coaches, carriages, and horfes, within the limits for which they are refpedively to ad as aforefaid, unto the faid commiflioners, for this ad, or 2ny two or more of them, within the fpace of three calendar months next after the time of their being fo appointed afleflors j and the faid commiflioners, to whom fuch afleffments (hall be fo delivered, or any two of them, fhall, within the fpace of one calendar month next after the receipt of the fame refpedively* or as foon after as conveniently may be, fet their hands to the faid refpedive afleffments, and to fuch furcharge or furcharges as fhall or may have been made in the mean time, either by the fame afleflors, or by fuch furveyor or furveyors, in-fpedor or infpedors as herein-after is or are mentioned, teftifying their allowance of the fame; and fhall likewife nominate and appoint two of the perfons, named or prefented in each of fuch afleffments, to be colledors, or any other two fuch perfons as the faid commiflioners for putting in execution this ad, fhall think able and refponfible for the refpedive di-vifions and places for which colledors fhall be fo prefented; and fhall forthwith deliver, or caufe to be delivered, fuch afleffments, ft by the faid commiflioners allowed of, unto the refpedive

perfon*

i'	Hosted	by	Google

17*50 Anno vicefitnO quinto GeoRGII III. 0.47*	173

perfons by them nominated to be collectors, who are hereby

enjoined and required to colled): and pay the duties fo a defied,

and to give acquittances for the fame; for whole paying unto *

the receiver-general, now or for the time being, appointed by

his Majefty, or by the lord high treafurer for the time being,

or the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, or any

three or more of them, in the manner hereby directed, fuch

money as they the faid collectors lhall be charged with under

this act, the parifti or place for which they are fo employed (hall

be anfwerable.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That every furveyor or Surveyorsun* infpector, appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of derthebe-the faid feveral acts relative to the duties on houfes, and win- fore menti~ dows or lights, (hall be, and he is hereby impowered and authorifed to infpect and examine any lift or lifts to be made out p[j-3 before and figned by any fuch perfon keeping fuch carriages or horfes they are fign-as aforefaid, or any affeffmeht or afleffments for any parifti or ed,and amend place, before the commiffioners for putting in execution this act tilem*

fhall have figned and allowed the fame, and to alter and amend any fuch lift or lifts, and afleffment or afleffments, if he or they (hall fee juft caufe for fo doing;,and every perfon in whofe cuftody any fuch lifts or aflefiments fliall be, (hall, and is hereby required, upon the requeft of any fuch furveyor or infpector as aforeFaid, to produce the fame: and if any fuch furveyor If furveyor* or infpector (hall, after any fuch lift or lifts, and afleffment or difcover any affeffments, (hall be fo refpeflively made out, figned, and allowed as aforefaid, find or difcover, upon his furvey or examination, are figned, that any perfon who ought to be charged with the faid recited they are to duties on carriages and horfes, or any of them, fliall have certify the been omitted to be charged therewith, or fliall have been un-der-rated, fuch furveyor or infpector (hall certify the fame in er^etc, writing under his hand, together with an account of every carriage and horfe omitted, and its proper defcription according to the directions aforefaid, by way of furcharge, to any two or more of the faid commiflioners for putting in execution this act, in order to have fuch omiffion or under-rate rectified in the faid afleffment; and fuch commiflioners are thereupon to caufe the fame to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly.

XXVII.	And whereas fome perfons, liable to the faid recited duties

on carriages and horfes, may negleft to deliver fuch lifts and declarations per)ajty on. as are berein-before required; be it further enacted, That where neglecting to any perfon liable, under the directions herein-before contained, deliver lifts t6 deliver fuch lifts or declarations as aforefaid to the afleffor or a.nd declara-affeffors, (hall refufe or negject, within the time herein-before tlon8‘ prefcribed, to deliver, or caufe to be-delivered, any fuch lift or declaration,^© fuch afleffor or affeffors, he or (he fo refufing or neglecting (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

XXVIII.	And, to the end that any perfons'keeping any carriages Perfons to be or horfes liable to the aforefaid duties, or any of them, may deliver, doubly rated or caufe to be delivered, to the djftjfor or aJJeJfojSy true lifts and de- or tho e car‘

durations

Hosted by Google

t?4	Ailno	vlcefimo	tjuirito GeoRGII III. t. 47. £178^

tiages, etc. derations of their refpeftive carriages and horfes\ be it further *Jjc7 ojj'1 in enabled. That in all cafes where any afleflor, furveyor, or in-nh if * f fpedor, (hall make a furcharge upon any perfon for or in refpeft which fur- °f arty carriage or horfe omitted to be inferred in any fuch lift charge to be or declaration a$ aforefaid, fuch furcharge (hall be made after allowed the the rate of double the duty for every carriage or horfe fo omit-afleflor or ted; an(j the afleffor, furveyor, or infpeftor fo making fuch fur-makine^he c^arge> lhaM be, an^ IS hereby intitled to, and (hall have and fame.	receive for his own ufe, one moiety of the furn charged by every

furcharge which (hall be juftly made upon any fuch lift or declaration.

XXIX.	And whereas difficulties may fometimes arife in dif~ tottering lodgers or inmates in any houfe, liable to pay the faid recited duties On carriages and borfes> be it therefore further enafted. Inhabitant That the inhabitant houfeholder of any houfe, in which there houfeholders ^aj| he any j0(jg^r or inmate keeping any carriage or horfe of lodgers1 * liable' to the faid duties, (hall, within a week after a re-whokeep quifition by notice in writing left at any fuch houfe, from Carriages,etc. or by any afTeflor, furveyof* or infpeftor of the fard duties on carriages and horfes, deliver to, or leave for, fuch afTeflor, a lift, in writing, of every lodger or inmate in fuch houfe who (hall, at the time of delivering or leaving fuch lift* keep any carriage or horfe liable to the faid duties, or (hall have kept any fuch carriage or horfe from the tenth day of Qftober, one thoufand fcven hundred and eighty-four,= on the firft afleff-ment under this aft, and from the fifth day of April in each containing preceding year, on every future alfefTment; which lift (hall ex-the names of prefs the chriftian and furname of every fuch lodger or inmate* tbeparties, art(j (hall contain an account of every fuch carriage, with fuch defeription as is herein-before required, and of every horfe liable to the faid duty, to the bed of the knowledge and information of on penalty of fuch inhabitant houfehblder: and if any inhabitant houfeholder *ol-	(hall refufe to deliver any fuch lift, as herein-before mentioned, of

(hall wilfully omit or mifreprefent arty defeription which ought to be contained therein, he or (he fo offending (ball, for every offence, forfeit ten pounds, perfons over- XXX. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or rated may ap- perfons (hall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves refpeftively Peal *he overcharged or over-rated by any affeffment, charge, or fur-coramimon- cjlaTge t0 be made by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, it (half be lawful for him, her, or them refpeftively to appeal to the faid comrnifiioners for putting in execution this aft; and the faid commiflioners* or any two or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all fuch appeals* except where it (hall appear to the faid comrtiiflionefs that the perfon appealing (hall have omitted to deliver in his or her lift or lifts, or declaration, in manner aforefaid, and (hall not aflign fufficient caufe, to the fatisfaftipn of the comrnifiioners for fuch omifiion, in manner herein-before mentioned; in which cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners to difmifs the appeal :• provided that af the time of hearing the fame appeal, a lift (halt e	be

Hosted by Google

1785.} Anno vicefimo quinta Geougii III. C.47.

be produced, by or on the part of the appellant, upon his or Appellant to her oath, of the greateft number of carriages and horfes, within deliver, on the diftridt or limits of the places where fuch appeal (hall be made, a fubjedt to the faid recited duties, as (hall have been kept by him numbe^of * or her at any time between the tenth day of Oblober^ one thou- carriages,, ete* fand feven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth day of July, kept by him. one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, with refpedl to the fpace of time which (hall have elapfed between the faid tenth day of Oflober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five; or with reipeci to any future year, the greateft number of fuch carriages and horfes which ihall have been fo kept by him or her within the year preceding the fifth day of April in every fuch year, with fuch defcription and explanation* and alfo fuch lift or declaration as to other diftridts, as is herein-before required ; and all fuch appeals (hall be heard and determined on the days to be appointed, and in the manner diredted by the feveral ads herein-before mentioned with re-fpedl to the duties on houfes, and windows or lights,

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid com- cbitfmiffioir--xnifiioners, or any of them, (hall not, upon the hearing any ers not to appeal, make any abatement or defalcation in the charge or make any . furcharge made upon any perfon by fuch afleffment asaforefaid, ^edaar^ *** or the furcharge of any fuch furveyor or furveyors as aforefaid, etc^unlefs’it but the fame fhall ftand good, and remain part of the annual (hail appear, afleffment, unlefs it (hall then appear to the faid commiffion- on oath, that ers, by examination upon oath, that fuch perfon is over-rated .the appellant

* j	k	f	^	»	jg over*

in and by fuch afleflment or furcharge; and every perfon in- Ten . g noJf tending to appeal to the faid commiffioners (hall, and is here* ticetobegive* by required to give at the lead ten days notice thereof to the of appeal, faid furveyor, or to one or more of the afleffors of the parilh or place wherein fuch perfon is rated, of fuch intention to appeal, and fuch furveyor and affeflors may then and there attend to juftify the faid afleflment and furcharge; and fuch furveyor, and afleffors, and appellant, (hall have full power and free liberty to be prefent during all the time of hearing fuch refpedtive appeals, and of the faid commiffioners determining the fame: and the faid commiffioners are here-Commifiioir-by authorised and impowered upon every fuch appeal, although ers* in certahr they (hall confirm the furcharge of fuch affeffor, furveyor, cafe?> may ©r infpedtor, upon application of fuch appellant as aforefaid, to ^aky before*

' remit and ftrike off the penalty herein-before diredled to be directed to be paid to fuch afieflor, furveyor, or infpedlor furcharging fuch paid to the fift, if they (hall be of opinion that there was any doubt whe- affeffor, etc.-ther the carriage or horfe fo furcharged was rateable within the meaning of this adt, and was not omitted by fuch appellant out of fuch lift or lifts* or declaration as aforefaid, with any intention to defraud the revenue.

XXXII.	Provided always* and be it further enadled, That if Penalty on on fuch examination on the hearing of fuch appeal, it (hall ap- furveyors,etc. pear to the faid commiffioners that fuch furcharge was falfely f^rfem^!,ng *

and charge.

Hosted by Google

17^	Anno	vlcefimo	quuito	GfeoRGii	III. C‘4?.	tt.7§^

and vexatioufly made; then, and in fuch cafe, fuch furveyor* affeffor, or infpcdtor fo furcharging, fhall forfeit and incur fuch penalties and punifhtfients as in and by the faid a£ls relative to the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, are directed to be inflicted on furveyors, infpectors, or affeffors, for neglect of duty.

betermina* XXXIII* And be it further enabled. That all appeals tionofcom- once heard and determined by the faid com mi ill oners, or any tniffioners to two or more of them, or the major part of them, then pre-be fina ; fent, on tjie ^ or by t|iem appointed for hearing of ap-except, etc. peals, fhall be final, (except as herein-after excepted.)

Perfons difia- XXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That if either the faid tisfied may, furveyor or infpe&or, or the perfon fo appealing* in that part in England, of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon courfof* tllG <^wee<^\ ^all apprehend the determination made by the faid king’s bench; commiflioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of ’ this adt, and (hall then declare himfelf or herfelf diflatisfied with fuch determination, it* (ball and may be lawful to and for fuch furveyor or infpedtor, or perfon refpe&ively, to require the faid commiflioners to ftate fpeeially, and fign the cafe upon which the queftion arofe, together with their determination thereupon; and the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them then prefent, are hereby required to ftate and fign fuch cafe accordingly, and caufe the fame to be de* livered to the party making fuch requeft as aforefaid, to be by him or her tranfmitted to one of the juftices of the court of king’s bench of common pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of exchequer, for the time being; and every fuch juftice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient fpced* to return an anfwer to fuch cafe fo tranfmitted* with his opinion thereupon fubfcribed thereto, according to which opinion fo certified, the afleffment which fhall have been the caufe of the and in Scot- appeal, fhall be altered or confirmed : and if either the faid fur-* land, to the veyor, or the perfon fo appealing, in that part of Great Britain court of fef- called Scotland, fhall apprehend the determination made by the fion, etc. faid commiflioners to be contrary to the true intent and mean-ing of this adt, and fhall then declare himfelf or herfelf diffatis* fied with fuch determination, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch furveyor, or perfon diflatisfied refpe&ively, to require the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them then prefent, to ftate fpeeially and fign the cafe upon which the queftion arofe, together with their determination thereupon; which cafe the faid commiflioners are hereby required to ftate and fign accordingly, and to caufe the fame to be delivered to the party making fuch requeft as aforefaid, to be by him or her tranfmitted ta one of the judges, of the court of feflion, or of the barons of the exchequer in Scotland; and every fuch judge and baron is hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, to return an anfwer to fuch cafe fo tranfmitted, with his opinion thereupon fubfcribed thereto; according to which opinion fo certified, the afleffment which fhall have been the caufe of fuch appeal, fhall be al* tered or confirmed.	’	'	1	XXXV.	Pro*

,	Hosted	by	Google

17854] Anno vicefinjo quinto GeoRGII III. c. 47.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That* notwithftanding any fuch cafe fo tranfmitted to any of the faid jiiftices, judges, or barons, the determination of the faid com-miffioners (hall (land with refpebt to the payments which (hall become due, precedent to the opinion certified by any fuch juftice, judge, or baron, upon fuch cafe.

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled, That every penalty or forfeiture which (hall be incurred under this abl of a greater fum than twenty pounds, fhall be recovered in any of his Ma~ jefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, if the matter (ball arife within England or' Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed; or in the court of feflion, court of judiciary,.or court of exchequer in Scotland, if the matter (hall arife in that part of th£ united kingdoms, by action of debt, bill, plaint,’or information; wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; and one moiety of every fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to the perfon ot perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame.

XXXVII.	And whereas it frequently happens, that perfons oc~ tuping farms who keep horfes for the purpofes of hujb an dry only, and neverthelejs ride one of fuch horfes to or from market, or church, or other place of publick wor/hip, but do not ufe them for the purpofe of riding on any other occafion, and doubts have arifen zvhcther fuch horfes were fubjett to the duty impofed by the before recited aft cf the laft fejfion of parliament; be it therefore enabled, That the afTeff-ments which are to be made under the authority of this abl, fhall be made for all horfes whatfoever belonging to any perfon within the kingdom of Great Britain, which (hall, on any occafion, be ufed for the purpofe of riding, or in drawing any carriage no(v or hereafter fubject to any excife duly.

XXXVIII.	Provided always. That upon any appeal to the acting commiffioners in England, or the commiflioners of fup* ply in Scotland, from the affefTment fo made for fuch horfe, and on proof, on oath made to the fatisfa&ion of the faid commiffioners, that fuch horfe, for which any perfon occupying a farm, not worth more than one hundred and fifty pounds a year to be let, (hall have been fo afiefled, has been only ufed for the purpofe of riding to and from market, or church, of other place of publick worihip, and to no other place, or for no other purpofe of riding, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid com-miffioners, and they are hereby required to make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge againft the perfon to whom fuch horfe fhall belong,

XXXIX.	And be it further enabled. That, in all cafes where the pecuniary penalty by this abl impofed doth not exceed the fum of twenty pounds, it (hall be recoverable before two or more juftices of the peace of the county, riding, (hire, flew-artry, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence (hall be committed, on proof of the offence, either by the voluntary confeflkm of the party or parties acculed, or by the

You XXXV,.	N	oath

iyj

Provifo, relative to cafes tranfmitted to the judges.

Penalties ex« ceeding sol. where to be recovered*

All horfes ufed for rid* ing, or in. drawing coaches, etc. fubjedt to the duty.

Occupiers of land in certain cafes, to beexcufedthe duty for one hciie.

Penalties not exceeding 20I0 recoverable be Tore two juftices;

J7?	Anno	vicefimo	quinto	Georgii	III.	c. 4S. [1785."

oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles; and one moiety of fuch laft mentioned penalty (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the in-andmaybe former or informers profecuting for the fame; and in cafe.of. kviedbydi- nonpayment, fhall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the gfFen-ftre8’ ' der’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feals of fuch juftices; and the overplus of the money raifed, after deducting the penalty, and the expences of the diftrefs and fale, ihall be rendered to the owner; and, for want of fufficient diftrefs, the offender (hall be fent by fuch juftices to the prifon of,fuch county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, city, liberty, town, or place, for fuch time, not exceeding fix months, nor lefs than one month, as fuch'juftices (hall think moft proper.

Conftables, XL. And be it further enacted, That all conftables and etc- to be aid- headboroughs, tithingmen, and other his Majefty’s officers,

inS this^ct**" anc* are hereby required and enjoined to be refpeclively mg is ac . gjjjjpg anc] affjfting in the execution of this acft, and to obey and execute fuch precepts or warrants as (hall be to them directed in that behalf by the refpecfiive commiflioners hereby appointed, or any of them.

Limitation of XLI. And be it further enacted, That all actions, fuits, or actions* informations, for any offence againft this act, (hall be brought within one year after the offence committed, and being brought after the time fo limited, (hall be void; and if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profe-cuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pur-Ceneralifiue. fuance of this act, or of any claufe, matter or thing, herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited. Treble cofts. then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

C A P. XLVIII.

An aft for granting to bis Majefty certain ft amp-duties on licences to be taken out by perfons uftng or exercifuig the trade or buftnefs of a , pawnbroker.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble* \T7E, y°ur Majefty’s m°ft dutiful and loyal fubjects, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards railing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the duties herein-after mentioned ; and do moft, humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it cnacfted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c.48.

thority of the fame. That, from and after, the fifth day of July, From July s* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, there (hall be 1785, tnefol-raifed, levied, colleded, and paid, throughout the kingdom of lowing duties Gnat Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefly, his heirs hU'Maj€ftys> andfuccefibrs, the rates and duties following; (that is to fay), all perfons ufing of exercifing the trade or bufmefs of a pawnbroker in Great Britain, (hall annually take out a licence for that purppfe in manner herein-after prefcribed:

Where the perfon ufing or exercifing the trade or bufmefs of By every a pawnbroker as aforefaid, (hall refirfe within the cities of Lon- pawnbroker don and Wejlminjler, the parilh of Saint Mary le B:ne, and Saint Je,^on jjj. Pancras, in the county of Middlefex, or within the difiance of Wefl-Trviifter, the bills of mortality, or within the borough of Southwark in See. io». per the county of /Surrey, there (hall be charged a fiamp duty of ten ann* pounds:

And where the perfon ufing or exercifing the trade or bufi- and in any nefs of & pawnbroker as aforefaid, (hall refide in any other part other part of of Great Britain, there (hall be charged a (lamp-duty of five Great Britain, pounds.	3

II.	And be it further enabled, That, for the better and more Duties to be effectual levying and colleding the faid duties herein-before under the granted, the fame (hall be under the government, care, imd management of the commifiioners for the time being appointed fi0nersof " to manage the duties charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, ftamps. and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ fuch officers under them for

that purpofe, and to allow fuch falaries and incidental charges as may be neceflary; and to provide and ufe fuch (lamps to denote the faid duties as (hall be requifite in that behalf; and to do all other things neceflary to be done for putting this ad into execution, with relation to the faid rates and duties hereinbefore granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and ^paper.

III.	And be it further enabled. That, from and after the Penalty ott fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, pawnbroker* no perfon whatfoever required by this ad to be licenfed, (hall, tithoutapro-unlefs he or (he be licenfed in manner herein-after prefcribed, per licence* receive or take, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, of or

from any perfon or perfons whomfoever, any goods or'chaftels for the Repayment of money lent thereon, in Great Britain, upon pain to forfeit for every offence the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is 'direded.

. IV. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the fifth Twocommlf* day oijuly, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, any fioners may , two or'more of his Majefiy’s commifiioners appointed for ma-nagtng the duties arifing by (lamps on Vellum, parchment, land ^b#

N %	paper,



i So

Licences to be renewed annually.

Who (hall be deemed pawnbrokers.

Not to extend to perfons who lend money at or under 5 per cent.

Not to keep more than one (hop by-virtue of one licence.

Perfons in partnerihip need take out only one licence.

Stamps may be altered.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii IIL c.48. [1785*

paper, or fotne perfon duly authorifed by them, (hall grant licences to fuch perfons who (hall apply for the fame, to ufe or exercife the trade or bufinefs of a pawnbroker, as aforefaid, in any city, town, or other place within Great Britain, for the fpace of one year, to commence from the faid fifth day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upoh licences to be firft granted to any perfon or perfons after the faid fifth day of July^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the day of the date of every fuch licence: and all and every perfon and perfons who {hall take out fuch licence for ufing or exercifing the faid trade or bufinefs of a pawnbroker, (hall take out another licence for another year, ten days at leafr before the expiration of that year for which he or fhe (hall be fo licenfed, if he or (he {ball continue to ufe and exercife the faid trade or bufinefs of a pawnbroker$ and fhall in like manner renew fuch licence from year to year, paying down the refpec-tive fums due for the ftamps on fuch licence, fo long as he or /lie {hall continue to ufe or exercife the trade or bufinefs of a pawnbroker.

V.	And be it further enadted, That all perfons who {hall receive or take, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, of or from any perfon or perfons whomfoever, any goods of chattels for/the repayment of money lent thereon, {hall refpedtively be deemed pawnbrokers within the intent and meaning of this adt, and fhall take out a licence for the fame accordingly.

VI.	Provided always. That nothing in this adt contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any perfon or perfons who {hall lend money upon pawn or pledge, at or under the rate of five pounds per centum per annum filtered, without taking any further or greater profit for the loan or forbearance of fuch money lent, on any pretence whatever.'

VII.	And be it further enadted, That no pawnbroker, or other perfon receiving or taking, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, any goods or chattels for the repayment of money lent thereon, licenfed or to be licenfed by authority of this adt, {hall, by virtue of one licence, keep more than one.jhoufe, {hop, jor other place, for taking in goods or chattels to pawn f but for each and every houfe, {hop, or other place, which any perfon fhall keep for the purpofes aforefaid, a feparate and difiindjfc licence fhall be taken out and paid for by fuch pawnbroker or other perfon.

Vill. Provided always, That perfons in partnerfhip, and carrying on the trade and bufinefs of a pawnbroker in one houfe, {hop, or tenement only, {hall not be obliged to take out more than one licence, in any one year, for the carrying on fuch trade or bufinefs.

IX. And be it further ena&ed. That fuch ftamps as the commiffioners are hereby diredted and authorifed to provide and i*fe, {hall and may be altered and renewed in fuch manner as

any

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vkelimo quinto Georgii III, c. 48.	181

any other ftamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, by any former law relating to ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, directed to be altered 6r renewed.

X. And be it further enadled, That if any perfon or performs Penalty on fhall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or counterfeit-forged, any feal, ftamp, or mark, diredled or allowed to be ufed, or provided, made, or ufed in purfuance of this adl, for the purpofe of denoting the duties by this adl granted, or either of them; or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of the fame upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, of any of the faid duties; or (hall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with a counterfeit mark or (lamp thereupon, knowing fuch mark or (lamp to be counterfeit; or if any perfon (hall privately and fraudulently ufe any feal, ftamp, or mark, diredled or allowed to be ufed by this adl, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the faid duties ; then every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof convidled,

(hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

XL And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, penalties, diftri-bution of penalties, and all other matters and things prefcribed or appointed by any former adl or adls of parliament relating to the ftamp-duties on .vellum, parchment, and paper, (hall be in to be applied full force and effedl with relation to the duties hereby impofed; in execution and (ball be applied and put in execution for the railing, levy- °f this ing, colledling, and fecuring the faid rates and duties hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this adl, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feverally and refpedlively been hereby enadled with relation to the faid new rates and duties hereby impofed.

XII.	And be it further enadled, That all pecuniary penalties Penalties how impofed on any perfon or perfons for offences committed againft to he reco* this a61, (hall and may be fued for and recovered in any of his vere * Majefty’s courts at Wejtminfier, for offences committed in that

part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Benvick upon Tiveedand in his Majefty’s court of feftioris, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protedlion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed ; and wherein the plaintiff, if he or (lie fhall recpver any penalty or penalties, fhall recover the?

' fame for his or her own ufe, with double eofts of fuit.

XIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

That the feveral duties herein-before granted, fhall be paid Duties to be from time to time into the hands of the receiver general, for pydinto the-the time being, of the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, e*c pnd paper, who fhall keep a feparate and diftindt account of the feveral rates and duties, and pay the fame (the fleceffary charges

;............................ N	3	0£

Hosted by Google

Provifions of former adls relating to ftamn-duties

ftnd entered feparate from all other monies.

How to be applied t

Defendants may plead the general iflue.

and have treble colts.

Anno vipejSncio quinto Geqrgii III. c. 49, [1785.

pf railing, paying,, and accounting for the fame being dpduijted), into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, at fuel) time, and in fuch manner, as the duties charged on (lamped vellum* parchment and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the fame receipt fhall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid feveral rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as, aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money, fo paid into the-faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, fhall be a fund for the payment of the leveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable purfuant to an aft of this prefent feffion of parliament, (intituled, Arwft for granting annuities to fatisjy certain navy, victuallings and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures.)

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons fhall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons fhall or may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, for his, her, or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.	,

CAP. XLIX,

An aft for granting to his MajeJiy certain duties upon licences to b# taken out by coachmakers; and afo certain duties upon carriages tq fie built for fale.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TIT E, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the V V commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards raifing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s \	pubiick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give

and grant to your Majefty the feveral rates and duties upon licences to be taken out, in manner herein after mentioned, by every perfon carrying on the trade of a coachmaker; and. upon, poaches, or other carriages herein after mentioned, newly built for fale; and we do hereby moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft Every coach- excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the ipakerm lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-^^ake^uTa1 lament affembied, and by the authority of the fame, That, »os. licence . from and after the fifth day of July., one thoufand feven hun^ auAuaily. i|r?d apd eighty-five, every coachmaker yvithiq kingdom of

• ”	' f " ’	1	*	' Qrtqk

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.'	183:

Great Britain (hall yearly take out a licence in manner herein-* after ,mentioned, and (hall pay for the fame to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, the fum of twenty (hillings;

II. And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the faid From July fifth day of July, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-five, I7g5> no no perfon who now doth, or at any time hereafter (hall, carry *Qf on the trade of a coachmaker within Great Britain, (hall build, made, until make, conftruCt, or fell any coach, chaife, berlin, landau, cha- tbe maker has riot, cala(h with four wheels, chaife-marine with four wheels, taken out or caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriages now are or	*

hereafter may be called or known; or any calafti, chaife, and chair, with two wheels, or by what name foever fuch carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, or other carriage heretofore made fubjeCt to any duty of excife, until he or (he (hall have taken out fuch licence as above directed, for which licence he or (lie (hall, immediately upon taking out thereof, pay down for the fame the faid fum of twenty (hillings: and if Where li-any fuch licences (hall be taken out within the limits of the fences are to chief office of excife in London, then fuch licences (hall be grant-ed under the hands and feals of two or more of his Majefty’s r>aid, in Eng-commiffioners of excife for the time being, or of fuch perfon or lindorWales; perfons as the commiffioners of excife (hall from time to time appoint for that purpofe, and the duties for the fame (hall be paid at the chief office of excife in London, or at fuch other place, and to fuch perfon or perfons, as the faid commiffioners for the time being fhall appoint; but if fuch licences (hall be taken out in any part of England or Wales not within t he faid limits, or in the town of Berwick upon Tweed, fuch licences	T

(hall, in fuch cafe, be granted under the hands and feals of the feveral collectors and fupervifors of excife within their refpeCtive collections and diftriCts, and the duties (hall be paid for the fame to the collectors of excife within whofe collection fuch licences (hall be granted refpeClively; and if fuch licences (hall and where ;dj be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, fuch ScotIand. licences (hall be granted under the hands and feals of two or more of his Majefty’s commiffioners of excife in Scotland for the time being, or of fuch perfon or perfons as the commiffioners of excife in Scotland (hall from time to time appoint for that purpofe, and the duties for the fame (hall be paid at the chief office of excife in Edinburgh, or at fuch other place, and to fuch per-Ton or perfons, as the faid commiffioners of excife in Scotland fhall appoint; but if fuch licences (hall be taken out in any other part in Scotland, without the limits aforefaid, then fuch licences fhall be granted under the hands and feals of the feveral collectors and fupervifors of excife within their refpeCtivo collections and diftriCts, and the feveral duties for the fame (hail be paid to the collector of excife within whofe collection fuch licences (hall be fo granted; and fuch refpeCtive commiffioners of excife, and the perfons fo to be appointed by them refpeCt-ively, and alfo all fuch collectors, are hereby refpeCtively authored and required to grant and deliver fuch licences tp the- per*

N 4	ftn?

Licences to be renewed annually,

Penalty on making any Coach, etc without taking out a licence, and

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1785.

fons who (hall apply for the fame* upon their payment of the duties herein-before mentioned.

III. And be it further enadted, That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall take out any fuch licence as aforefaid, is . and are hereby required to take out a fre(h licence, ten days at leaft before the expiration of twelve calendar months after taking out the firft licence, before he, (he, or they (hall prefume to make, build, conftrudt, or fell, any of the carriages before mentioned; and in the fame manner to renew every fuch licence from year to year, paying down the like fum for each and every new or renewed licence as is by this a<5t required for the firft licence, in manner, and at the places and times herein-before mentioned ; and if any fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid (hall, after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, prefume or offer to make, build, conftrudf,. or fell any of the carriages herein-before mentioned, without firft taking out fuch licence, and renewing the fame yearly, in manner renewing the aforefaid, lie, (lie, or they (hall refpe&ively forfeit and lofe the fame yearly. |urn Qf ten pounds for each offence.

Perfons in IV. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That per-pannerfhip ferns jn partnerfhip, and carrying on their trade and bufinei's in out more than one ^ou^e or fh°P only, (hall not be obliged to take out more one licence than one licence in any one ,year for carrying on fuch trade; for one houfe, and no one licence, which (hall be granted by virtue of this a<ft, (hall authorife or empower any perion or perfons, to whom the fame (hall be granted, to make, build, conftrucft, or fell any of the carriages herein-before mentioned, in any other houfe or place than the houfes or places where he, (he, or they did 1 make, build, or conftrudt the faid carriages at the time of granting fuch licence.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled. That upon the death of any perfon fo licenfed, it (hall be lawful for the executors or adminiftrators, or for the wife or child of fuch deceafed perfon, to carry on the faid trade of making, building, con-itruding, or felling fuch carriages as aforefaid, at the fame place where fuch deceafed perfon, by virtue of fuch licence, carried on fuch trade, during the refidue of the term for which fuch licence was granted to fuch deceafed perfon, without taking out a new licence during the refidue of the faid term.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That every coachmaker within the kingdom of Great Britain (hall, from and after the

four-wheeled 6^* of July, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-five, carriage made Pay to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, a duty of twenty

Pxecutors, etc. may act iwfer licences of deceafed perform.

A duty of ao s. to be

for faie,

end tos. for every two-wiieeied one.

(hiJJings for every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, qalafli with four vyheels, chaife-marine, chaife with four wheels, or caravan, or by what name foever fuch carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known; and the fum of ten (hillings for every cala(h, chaife, and chair with tyvo wheels, or by what name foever fuch carriages now are or hereafter may be called -or known, which he, (he, or they (haft make, build, or con-ftruct for (ale.

y	VII.	And^

. Hosted by

Google

1785.3, Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGIi III. c. 49.

185

VII.	And) for better collecting) raifingy levying., and fecuring the duties by this aft impofed upon licences, and upon carriages newly built, made, or conjlrufted, as aforefaid, be it further enacted.

That fuch of the (aid duties as are charged upon fuch licences, Duties to be and upon carriages newly built, made, conftrudted, and fold in under the ma-England, Wales) or the town of Berwick upon Tweedy (hall be the commif-under the management of the commiflioners and officers of his f10ners of ex-Majefty’s revenue of excife in England for the time being j and cife in Eng-Xuch of the faid duties as are charged upon fuch licences, and JandandScot-upon carriages newly builr, made or conftrudted, and fold in jygjy** pe Scotland, (hall be under the management of the commiflioners and officers of excife in Scotland for the time being; who are hereby refpe&ively empowered to appoint proper officers for charging, collecting, and receiving the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That every coachmaker (hall, once in fix weeks, deliver a true Coachmakers,

' account in writing of the number and kinds of fuch carriages as every fix aforefaid, which he or (he (hall have made, built, or conftruft- Jj^anac^* ed, and fold, within fix weeks, and of the days on which each count on* carriage refpedlively was delivered or fent out of his or her (hop oath, ’of all or warehoufe; and fuch coachmaker, or his or her chief work- carriages, man or manager, (hall make oath (or, being a Quaker, affir- *n(* mation) to the truth of fuch account, according to the bed of 10 his knowledge and belief: and if fuch carriage or carriages (hall Atwhatplaces be made within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, c?Ui-** then fuch accounts, oaths, or affirmations, (hall be delivered ^ ^ e e l* to, and adminiftered by fuch officer or officers as the commif-fioners of excife in England (hall appoint, at the faid chief office of excife in London; and fuch coachmaker (hall then and there pay and clear off all the duties due for fuch carriages as aforefaid 5 and if fuch carriage or carriages (hall be made within the limits of the city of Edinburgh) then fuch accounts, oaths, or affirmations, fhall be delivered to, and adminiftered by fuch officer or officers as the commiflioners of excife in Scotland fhall 1 appoint, at the chief office of excife at Edinburgh; and fuch coachmaker (hall-then and there,pay to fuch officer all the duties due for fuch carriages as aforefaid ; and if fuch carriage or carriages (hall be made at any other place in Great Britain, then fuch accounts, oaths, or affirmations, (hall be delivered to, and adminiftered by the collector or fupervifor of excife of the diftridl within which fuch carriage or carriages fhall be made, and lucli coachmaker (hall then and there pay to fuch collector all the duties due for fuch carriages as aforefaid : and in cafe any coach- Penalty on maker ibali negledl to deliver in fuch account, or to verify $he default, fame upon oath or affirmation as aforefaid, or to pay down all the duties due for fuch carriages as aforefaid ; every coachmaker fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

IX.	And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid,

That all profecutions for the recovery of penalties and forfei-Penalties how

Hosted by Google

Hosted by

Profecutions within the limits of the excife office In London, to be determined by three commifiion-ers, etc.

and ip all other parts of Great Britain, Jhall be determined by two neighbouring juftices. /

Parties aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fef-fions.

Upon conviction of parties accufed, commiffion-ers, etc. may iffue out warrants of dif-Utfs, etc.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1785:

may be beard, adjudged, and determined, either by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejl~ minjter, or in the court of exchequer in Scdland, if fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be incurred there, or in fuch manner and form as hereafter is dire&ed; that is to fay, all profecutions for recovery of penalties and forfeitures incurred for offences committed againft this a<5t within the limits or jurifdidfion of the chief office of excife in London, (hall and may be heard, adjudged, and determined, by any three or more of the commif-fioners of excife in England, for the time being; and in cafe of appeal from the judgement of the faid commiffioners, {and not otherwife), (hall be heard, adjudged, and determined, by the commiffioners for appeals for the time being, or the major part of them, whofe judgement therein (hall be final, and not liable to be removed by certiorari into any of the courts at Wejhninjhr; and all profecutions for recovery of penalties and forfeitures incurred for offences committed within all or any other the counties, cities, ftewartries, (hires, towns, or places, within the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall and may be heard, adjudged, and determined, by any two or more of the juftices of the peace refiding near to the place where fuch offence (hall be committed; and if either the informers or defendants (hall think themfeives aggrieved by the judgement given by fuch juftices, it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch informer or defendant to appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next quarter feffions to be holden in and for the county, (hire, ftewartry, city, town, or place, where the penalty or forfeiture (hall be incurred, who are hereby authorifed and required to hear, adjudge, and determine the fame, and whofe judgement therein (hall be final, and not liable to be removed by certiorari into any of the courts at Weft-minfter; and the faid commiffioners for excife, and commiffioners for appeals, (in cafe of appeals), and all juftices of the peace aforefaid refpe&ively, are hereby authorifed and required, upoQ complaint or information, upon oath, exhibited and brought before them refpedlively as aforefaid, of the commiflion of any offence againft this act, (which oath the faid commiffioners and juftices of the peace refpedtively are hereby authorifed to adminifter), to fummon the party or parties accufed, and upon the appearance or contempt of any perfon or perfons fo fummoned, to proceed to the examination of the matter of facl; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confeffion of the perfon or perfons fo fummoned, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, (which oath they the faid commiffioners and juftices refpedtively have hereby power to adminifter), to give judgement or fentence thereupon, and to award and iffue out warrants, under their hands refpedt-ively, for the levying of fuch penalties or forfeitures upon the goods and chattels of fuch perfon or perfons, and to caufe fale to be made of fuch goods and chattels, if they (hall not be redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to fuch perfon or perfons the overplus, (if any be); and fpr want of Efficient diftrefs*

to

Hosted by

Google

1785.], Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. C. 50.	187

to imprifon the party or parties offending, till fatisfadtion be made.

X.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That all the money arifing from the duties by this adl granted Duties to be upon licences, and upon carriages newly made, built, or con- Pai^int0 the ftructed, as aforefaid, (the neceffary charges of railing and ac- qu r* counting for the fame excepted), (hall from time to time be Application paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejlminjlery thereof, feparate and apart from all other duties ; and fhall be appropriated and applied to the fame ufes and purpofes as the duties on coaches and other carriages, granted by an adt made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and feveral fub-fequent adts, are applicable unto.

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any adtion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced Limitation of againft any perfon or perfons for any thing by him or them actions. done in purfuanc;e of this act, fuch adtion or fuit (hall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defendants, in fuch adtion or fuit, may plead the general General iffue. i(Fue, and give this adt, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their adtion or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him, her. Treble cods* or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. L.

An aft for repealing an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, intituled, An adt for granting to » his Majefty certain duties on certificates iflued with refpedl to, the killing of game; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of Preamble.

the reign of bis prefent Majejly, intituled, An adt for grant- Recital of 44 ing to his Majefty certa n duties on certificates iffued with re- Geo. 3. c.4i* fpect to the killing of game, it was enafted, That, from and after the firjl day of Odtober, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty -four, there Jhouid be ra'ifed, I vied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majejly, his heirs and fuccefiors9 the feveral rates and duties followings (that is to fay), That every perfon in G^eat Britain, qualified with r.efpeft to. 'property to kid game, Jhouid, previous to their ./booting at, killings or defraying any game. deliver in a paper or account in writing, con~ taimng the name and place of abode of fuch perfon, if in England, with the clerk of the peace of the county; and, if in Scotland, with fhe Jher iff or Jlewart clerk 0/ the county uyhere fuch perfon Jhouid re~

Hosted by

Google

*88	ArmovfcefiinS quinta GeorgiiIII. c. 50. [1785,;

fide 1 arid annually take out a certificate thereof \ that upon every piece of vellum or parchment y or Jheet or piece of paper, upon which any certificate ijfued to any finch perfon Jhould be ingrojfed, written, or printedthere Jbould be charged Mftamp-duty of two pounds two Jbil-. . lings: that every deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper, granted to any perfon by any lord or lady of a manor in England, Jbould be regiftered with the clerk of the peace of the county; and every fitch deputation, by any proprietor of land in Scotland, Jbould be regift ered in the JheriJf or fiewart court books of the county in which the faid manor or lands' Jhould bey and the gamekeeper fo appointed Jbould annually take out a certificate thereof; that upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or Jheet or piece of paper, upon which any certificate, ijfued to any perfon under any deputation or appointment of game-keeper, Jhould be ingroJfedy written, or printed, there Jhould be charged a ft amp-duty of ten Jbillings and fixpence ; and whereas the payment of the faid rates and duties has been greatly evaded ; we, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedb, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, thinking it will be for the advantage of the publick to repeal the prefent rates and duties, and to grant unto your Majefty the feveral rates and duties herein-after mentioned, to be applied to the ufes and purposes unto which the faid rates and duties granted by the above mentioned adf, made in the twenty-fourth' year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, are now applicable; do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of July9 one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, the rates and duties granted by an add made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty certain duties on certificates ijfued with refpeft to the killing of game y fliall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable. • •

......... ^	II.	And	be	it	further	enadled	by	the	authority	aforefaid,

1785, thefoi- That, from and after the firft day of July^ one thoufand feven lowing duties hundred and eighty.five, there fliall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, fhall be paid ancj paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and lefty1** vfz"- f°r u^e k,s Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the feveral *No pprf0n to rates and duties following; that is to fay, deftroy game,

until he has That every perfon in Great Britain, who fliall ufe any dog, delivered an gun, net, or other engine, for the taking or deftru&ion of game h?s name°and £not a(^n£ as a gatekeeper under or by virtue of a deputation or appointment duly regiftered), fliall previoufly deliver in a paper or account in writing, containing the name and place of abode of fuch perfon, to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or to the fheriff or ftewart clerk of the county, riding, iliire, ftewartry, or place where fuch perfon (hall refide, and annually take out a certificate thereof;

That

The recited arepealed

From July i,

place of abode to the clerk of the peace, etc. and taken out a certificate thereof;

Hosted by Google

1785.1 Anno vlcelimo quinto Georg 11 III. G.50.	189

That upon every piece of vellum Or parchment, or (heet or for which he piece of paper, upon which any certificate iffued to any fucfi fhall pay an-perfon (hall be engrofied, written, or printed, there (hall he^^^utyo^ charged adfamp-dury of two pounds, two (hillings:	'	'	ah as.

That every deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper. Deputations granted to any perfon by any lord or lady of a manor in Eng- of gamekeep-land, or the dominion of JVale$y (hall be regiftered with the ef^to be re-clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or place $ and every fhe^lerlTof fuch deputation or appointment, by any proprietor of land in the peace,&c. Scotland, (hall be regiftered with the fheriff or ftewart clerk of the county, ftewartry, or place in which the faid manor or lands refpecrively lie, and the gamekeeper fo appointed (hall annually take out a certificate thereof:

That upon every-piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or a certificate piece of paper, upon which any certificate iffued--to any perfon ^ taken out under any deputation or appointment of gamekeeper, (hall be annually, engrafted, written, or printed, there (hall be charged a (tamp- charged with

duty of ten (hillings and fixpcnce.	a IOS* *>d.

...	. .	: .	(lamp.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That, for the better and more effe&ual levying, collefling, and The duty to paying the faid duty herein-before granted, the fame (hall bp be under the under the government, care, and management of the commifii- com^ oners, for the time being, appointed to manage the duties miflioners of charged on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or (tamp-duties* the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the neceflary officers under them for that purpofe, and to allow fuch Salaries and incidental charges as (hall be necef-fary, and to caufe fuch new (lamps to be provided to denote the faid duty as (hall be requisite in that behalf, and to repair, renew,, and-alter the fame from time to time as there (hall be occafion, and do all other things neceffary to be done for putting this aft in. execution, with relation to the/aid duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in a? full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parch-nient, and paper.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the firft day of July, one thpufand feven Every perfon hundred and eighty-five, every perfon delivering into the office Jfh? (hall de-of the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, for the county, riding, fai^an ac°*^" or place, or if in Scotland, into the office of the fheriff or (lew- count of his art clerk of the county, (hire, ftewartry, or place where he (hall name, and refide, a paper, or account in writing, containing the name and p ace of a-place of abode of fuch perfon; and every gamekeeper, to whom any fuch deputation or appointment (hall be granted as afore- deeper who faid, regifterffig the fame in manner aforefaid, and refpedlively fhadregifter requiring a certificate thereon, (hall be annually,intitled there*- b*s deputa- ^ unto; and fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, anfi fuch (he- bTannualW1 riff or ftewart clerk, (hall thereupon iffue a certificate, (lamped intitled to a

as

Hosted by Google

tgo

certificate

thereon.

Form of certificate.

Clerk of the peace, &c. to fign and deliver certificates to fuch per fan s re* q airing the lame.

Defaulters herein (hall forfeit 20I. for each offence.

Certificates when to be dated and iflued.

Clerk of the peace, &c. who flhalliffiie any certificate contrary to this ad, fhall forfeit aol.

Certificates iflued after Feb. 28,1785, to continue in force until July 1,1786.

Anna vlcefimo qumto Georgii III. c. 50.'	[ 1785;

as heroin-before is direded, to the effed or form following; that is to fay,

IA.B. clerk of the peace for the county of C. [or, as the cafe may happen to be], deputy clerk of the peace; or, if in Scotland, I A. B. jkeriff or Jlewart clerk of the county of C. do hereby declare, Thai E. F. bath ibis day delivered into my office a paper, writing or account, containing bis name* and place of abode [or, as the cafe may happen to be], hath this day regiftered a deputation, whereby he is appointed a gamekeeper by	for the

manor or lands of	which	I	do hereby

certify, in purfuance of an aft of parliament, paffied in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Third, intituled, An aft for repealing an ad, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, cc An ad for granting to his Majefty certain duties on certificates iflued with refped to the killing of gameand for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or the faid (heriff or ftewart clerk, after he (hall have figned fuch certificate, (hall forthwith iflue the fame, ftamped as herein-before is directed, to the perfon or perfons refpedively requiring the fame in manner aforefaid; and (hall, previous to the delivery thereof, be intitled to demand and receive of and from fuch pesfon the ' fum of one (lulling for his own trouble in that behalf: and in cafe any fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or any (heriff or ltewart clerk, (hall negled or refufe to iflue to fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid, fo delivering in fuch paper or account in writing, or regiftering fuch deputation as aforefaid, a certificate properly marked and ftamped as herein-before is directed, every fuch clerk of the peace, or (heriff or ftewart clerk, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, and moreover be liable to pay to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, the duty payable on fuch certificate.

VI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every certificate iflued by the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or by the (heriff or ftewart clerk, purfuant to this ad, (hall bear date on the day of the month on which the fame (hall be iflued, and (half endure and remain in force from thence until the firft day of July next following the date thereof, and no longer 5 and if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or (heriff or ftewart clerk, (hall iflue any certificate to any perfon otherwife than above direded, he (hall forfeit and pay the Turn of twenty pounds.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all-certificates which (hall have iflued on or after the firft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, in purfuance of the faid herein-before fecited ad, (hall endure and remain in full force for and during the time for which the fame were granted, and until the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix.

VIII.	And

Hosted by Google

x785*]' Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50.	191

VIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Every perfon That, from and after the firft day of July, one thoufand feven who, after hundred and eighty-five, if any perfon or perfons (hall ufe any greyhound, hound, pointer, fetting dog, fpaniel, or other dog, or\ill, any^ * or any gun, net, br other engine, for the taking or deftrudlion game,’with-of any hare, pheafant, partridge, heath fowl, commonly called out a'certifi-Black Game, or growfe, commonly called Red Game, or any other cate, fhali far-game whatsoever, without having obtained fuch certificate, in teita0* fuch'manner as herein-before is direded, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after mentioned.

. IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the firft day of July, one thoufand feven Penalty on hundred and eighty-five, if any perfon to whom any deputation gamekeepers or appointment of a gamekeeper (hall have been, or at -any ^e^ifter? time thereafter (hall be, granted by any lord or lady of a manor deputations, in England, or the dominion of Wales, or by any proprietor of and to take land m Scotlandy (hall, for the fpace of twenty days next after out certify the faid firft day of Julyy one thoufand feven hundred and cat€8, eighty-five, or for the fpace of twenty days next after fuch deputation or appointment (hall thereafter be firft granted, neg-ledt or refufe to regifter the fame, and take out a certificate thereon, in the manner herein-before directed, every fuch perfon, not having obtained fome certificate as aforefaid, in pur-fuance.of this adt, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to he recovered and applied as herein-after mentioned.

X.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall make it Not to extend necefftfry for any of the royal family to take out any fuch certi- *° ^je royal ficate as aforefaid, or (hall reftrain any perfon or perfons ap- ami etc* pointed or deputed by them, or any of them, from the ufing

any dog, gun, net, or other engine, for the taking or deftruc-tion of game within the forefts, chafes, parks, warrens, or other royalties to them refpedlively belonging or appertaining.

XI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That the clerks of the peace, or their deputies, or the (heriff Clerks of the or ftewart clerks in their refpedfive counties, ridings, (hires, Pcac^> etc. to ftewartries, or places, (hall, on or before the firft day of Novem- nuaily tottie bery one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, or fooner, if ftamp-office thereunto required by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s (lamp- correct lifts of duties, tranftnit to the head office of (lamps in Londony a cor- certificates redt lift, in alphabetical order, of the certificates by them iffued	■

between the twenty-fifth day of Marchy in the year one thou- * fand feven hundred and eighty-five, and the firft day of Oftabery in the fame year; and (hall alfo, in every fubfequent year, on or before the firft day of Augujl, in each fuch year, whenever they (hall be thereunto required by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s (lamp-duties, make out and tranfmit to the head office of (lamps in London, correct lifts, in alphabetical order, of the certificates fo iffued by them, diftinguiftling the duties paid on each refpedlive certificate fo iffued $ and on the delivery

thereof.

Hosted by Google

?9&

on penalty of sol.

Lifts to be kept at the office, and may be in-fpedted.

Lifts to be inferted in newfpapers#

Anno vicefimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 50. [1785;

thereof, the receiver general of the ftamp-duties (hall pay to every fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or to every fuch flieriff or ftewart clerk, for the making out and writing any fuch lift, after the rate of one halfpenny for the name of every fuch perfon to whom fuch certificate fhall have been ifTued, and which fhall be inferted in fuch lift; and in cafe any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or any fheriff or ftewart clerk, fhall neg-iedt or refufe to make out fuch lifts as aforefaid, or (hall not in-fert in fuch lift a full, true, and perfect account, as herein-be-fore directed, of all the perfons the fame ought to contain, then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, and fheriff or ftewart clerk, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

XII.	And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That all the faid feveral lifts, upon fuch tranfmiffion thereof as aforefaid, fhall be depofited and kept at the faid head office of flamps in London, and fhall and may, within the office hours, be reforted to and infpedled by any perfon whatfoever, on payment of one (hilling, and no more.

XIII.	And be it further enadled. That the commiffioners of his Majefty’s ftamp-duties fhall, once or oftener in every year, as foon as conveniently may be after the faid lifts fhall have been fo tranfmitted to them as aforefaid, caufe the fame to be inferted in the newfpapers circulating in each refpedlive county, or in fuch publick newfpaper as to them fhall feem moft proper.

In cafe of any new appointment of a gamekeeper, etc. the former certificate to be void.

XIV. And whereas deputations or appointments of gamehepers> granted as before, may be revoked, be it therefore ena&ed, That if any lord or lady of a manor in England or Wales, or proprietor of land in Scotland, fhall make any. new deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper for any manor or lands in the room of the perfon already appointed, and to whom any fuch certificate as aforefaid hath been ifTued, and fhall regifter fuch new deputation or appointment with the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or fheriff or ftewart clerk of the county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, or place, in which the manor or lands fhall be fitu-ate, and fhall obtain a new certificate thereon, the firft certifi-

cate granted fhall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be null arid void; and the perfon a&ing under the fame, after notice to him given of fuch new and other certificate, fhall be liable to the penalties prefcribed by this a<ft, in the fame manner as if no certificate had been granted to fuch perfon.

XV.	And, in order to prevent the evading the payment of the duties hereby granted, and. to facilitate the detection of offenders againjl this aft, by compelling the produftion of the faid certificates to perfons authorized to demand infpeftion offthe fame; be it therefore Any perfon ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or per-in purfuit of fans fhall be found ufing any dog, gun, net, or other engine, ffiaU^eTufe to ^or ta^ng or deftrudtion of game, by any other perfon who produce his	obtained	a certificate in the manner herein-before directed,

certificate it fhall and may be lawful for fuch other perfon, producing fuch

eer-

He 5d by Google

t785,] Anno vicefimo quinto Geo&GII HI. c. 50.

certificate, to demand and require from the perfon fo ufirig fuch dog, gun, net, or other engine as aforefaid, to produce and ihew a certificate ifiued to him for that purpofe as hereinbefore is diredled; and every fuch perfon fhall, upon fuch demand and requifnion as aforefaid, produce fuch certificate to the perfon fo demanding the fame, and permit the fame to be infpedled accordingly; and if any fuch perfon (hall wilfully refute to produce and (hew a certificate iflued to him.for that purpofe, or, not having produced and (hewn fuch certificate, fhall refufe, on demand thereof, to give in his chrifiian/and furname, and the pla$e of his refidence, or (hall give in any fa-lfe or fictitious name or place of refidence, every fuch perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the certificate hereby directed to be iflfued by the clerks of the peace, or their deputies, in the refpe&ive counties, ridings, or places in England, or by the (heriff or ftewart clerks of the counties, (hires, ftewartries, or places in Scotland, (hall not au-thorife or enable any perfon to ufe any greyhound, hound, pointer, fetting dog, fpaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other engine for the taking or deftrudtion of game, at any time or times, or in any manner prohibited by any law now in being; nor fhall give to any perfon any right to ufe any greyhound, houn<3, pointer, fetting dog, fpaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other engine for the taking or deftru&ion of game, urilefs fuch perfon (hall be duly qualified fo to do, under and by virtue of the laws now in being made for the preferva-tion of the game, but (hall be liable to the fame penalties in all or any of the faid laws contained, as if this adt had not been made.

when required by any au-thorifed perfon fo to do.

or to tell hig name, and place of a -bode, etc. (hall forfeit Sol.

Certificates riot to autho-rife any perfon to kill game at any time prohibited by 13LWi etc.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaidj

That no certificate, obtained under any deputation or appoint- Certificates fnent of a gamekeeper, (hall be pleaded or given in evidence in obtained any cafe whatfoever, where the perfon having fuch certificate tion^noUcTb# fhall have ufed or fhall ufe any greyhound, hound, pointer, fet- given in evi-ting dog, fpaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other en- dence for kill* gine for the taking or deftru&ion of game, out of or beyond big game out the precin&s or limits of the manor or lands for or in refpe& of °tc* e manor* which fuch deputation or appointment was given and made.

XVIII.	And whereas there are feveral cities and towns that are

counties of themfelves^ and have no clerks of the peace to ijfue the ter~ tificates herein-before directed-, be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon reftding in fuch cities and Clauferelative towns that are counties, (hall and may deliver in the paper or tothofecoun-accouht in writing, h£rein-before directed, to the office of the ^scf^g clerk of the peace, or his deputy, of any county, riding, or place	peace;

adjoining to fuch city or town, who is hereby diredled and required fo ifiue his certificate to the perfon applying for the

fame, as is herein-before directed, in the fame manner as if the perfon fo requiring fuch certificate refided in the county of fuch clerk of the peace; and upon negledt or refufal to iflue fuch cer-Vol. XXXV.	O	tificate

Hosted by Google

194	Anno	vicefimo	quinto	Georgii	III. c. 50. [1785.

tificate as aforefaid, fuch clerk of the peace (hall be liable to r the fame penalties as if he had refufed or negleded to iflue fuch certificate to any perfon applying for the fame, refident in the county of fuch clerk of the peace.

XIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

Perfonscoun- That if any perfon (hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be terfeiting counterfeited or forged, any feal, (tamp, or mark, directed or fe^death as " a^owed to be ufed by this ad, for the purpofe of denoting the felons.	duties by this ad granted, or (hall counterfeit or refemble the

impreffion of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, of any of the faid duties, of (hall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with fuch counterfeit mark or ftamp thereupon, knowing fuch mark or (lamp to be counterfeit; or if any perfon (hall fraudulently ufe any feal, (lamp, or mark, direded or allowed to be ufed by this ad, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, of any of the faid duties; every perfon fo offending, and being thereof convided, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Provifions of That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, and all other mat-former ads ters and things prefcribed or appointed by any former ad or itemduties a(^s Parl,ament relating to the ftamp-duties on vellum, parch-to be in force ment, and paper, (hall be in full force and effed with relation in executing to the rates and duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and this ad. put in execution for the raifing, levying, colleding, and fecur-

ing the faid new rates and duties hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feverally and refpedively been hereby enaded with relation to the faid new rates and duties hereby impofed.

XXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Penalties how That all pecuniary penalties, impofed on any perfon or perfons

be jecovfr' for offences committed againft this ad, may be fued for and ed.and aPP l* recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts at .Wejlminftery for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majefty’s court of feflions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, for offences committed in that part pf Great Britain called Scotland, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eftoin, protedion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed, and wherein the plaintiff, if he or (lie (hall recover any penalty or penalties, (hall recover the fame for his or her own ufe, with cofts of fuit. Any juftice of XXII. Provided always,That, from and after the faid firft day the county, of July, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-five, it (hall in all offences ancj may ]awfui for any 0ne or more juftice or juftices of the af* where* the Peace °f the county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, divifion, city, li-penalty doth berty, or place, wherein any offence or offences againft this ad: not exceed (hall be committed * and fuch juftice or juftices is and are here-

aol. mayfum- ^ required, upon information or complaint to him or them mon the par-	made*

Hosted by Google

Anno viced mb qulnto Oeorgii ill. d. 50.’	tgg

made, to fummon the party or parties accufed, and alfo the ties Before witnefles on either fide, to appear before him or them; and up- him, and de-on the appearance of the party or parties accufed, or in defaultf^itoaryway^ Of His, her, or their appearance according to fuch fummons, to'	y	^

proceed to hear and determine the matter in a fummary way; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary con* feflion of the party or parties accufed, or by the oath of one or more credible wirnefs or witnefles, to give judgement or fen-tence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this a£t is directed; and to award and iffue but his warrants under Penaltiesmif his hand and feal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties and he levied by forfeitures fo adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to diftrcfs> caufe fale to be made thereof, irf cafe they (hall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where fufficient goods of fuch offender cannot be found to or the offerid-anfwer the penalty, to commit fuch offender to the common ercommitted-gaol, or houfe of correction, there to remain for the fpace of fix months, unlefs fuch penalty (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied; and if fuch perfon or perfons fhall find himfelf or themfelves Perfons ag-aggrieved by the judgement of any fuch juftice, then he of they grieved may-(hail and may, upon giving fecurity to the amount of the value aPPeal t0 the bf fuch penalty and forfeiture, together with fuch cofts as (hall aons^upon" be awarded, in cafe fuch judgement (hall be affirmed, appeal to* giving propef the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter feifions for fecurity. the county, riding, or place, who are hereby impowered to fummon and examine witnefles upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in cafe the judgement of fuch juftice fhall be affirmed, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftices to award the perfon or perfons to pay cofts occafioned by fuch appeal, as to themfelves (hall feem meet.

XXIII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Perfons fum-

if any perfon or perfons (hall be fummoned as a witnefs or wit- nioned as witnefles, to give evidence before fuch juftice or juftices of the	^

. .	r 1	7- -.-o-i appearing, to

peace, touching any or the matters relative to this adt, either ort forfeit iol.

the part of the profecu^or, or of the perfon or perfons accufed;

and (hall neglect or refufe to appear, at the time and place to be

for that purpofe appointed, without a reafonable excufe for fuch

his, her, or their negledt or refufal, to be allowed of by fucfi

juftice or juftices of the peace before whom the profecution

fhall be depending, that then every fuch perfon (hall forfeit, for

every fuch offence, the fum of ten pounds, to be levied and paid

in fuch manner and by fuch means as is herein-before directed

as to other penalties.

XXIV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

That the juftice or juftices of the peace before whom any of- Hovv juftices fender (hall be convicfted as aforefaid, (hall caufe the faid con-vision to be made out in the manner and form following, or Qffen(icr8. in any other form of words to the fame effedt, mutatis mutandis; that is to fay:

0 2

BE

Hosted by Google

196	Anno vicefimo quinto GeorGii III. c. 50.	[1785.

Form of con* Tj E it remembered, That on the	day	of

Action. JD	in the year of our Lord	at

in the county of	A.	B.	came	before	me C.D. one of

his Majejlys jujlices of the peace for the faid county, refeding near the place where the offence was committed, and informed me that E. F .of	on .the	day	of	now laji

pajl, didufe a gun, dog, net, or other engine, (as the cafe may be), for the taking or dejlruftion of game, and did thereby and therewith take, kill, and dejlroy, a hare,	game,	(as the cafe may be),

[here fet forth the fadt for which the information was laid], without having the certificate required by law for that purpoje; whereupon the faid E.F. after being duly fummoned to anfiver the faid charge, appeared 'before me, and having heard the charge contained in the faid information declared he was not guilty cf the faid offence; (or, as the cafe may happen to be), did not appear before me purfuant to the faid fummons, (or did neglefi and refufe to make any defence againft the faid charge, but the fame being fully proved upon the oath ofG.H. a credible witnefs, (or as the cafe may happen to be), acknowledged and voluntarily confeffed the fame to be true: and it manifejlly appearing to me that he the faid E. F. is guilty of the faid offence charged upon him in the faid information; 1 do therefore hereby convitt him of the offence aforefaid, and do declare and adjudge that hey the faid E.F. hath forfeited the fum of of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offences aforefaid, according to the form of the Jlatute in that cafe made and provided.

Given under my hand and feal, the	day	of

Juftice may mitigate penalties.

No offender agp.inft this act to be im-prifoned more than three months.

Duties to be paid to the receiver general of the ftamp-duties, and Dy him paid into the exchequer.

XXV.	Provided neverthelefs, That it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the faid juftice or juftices, where he or they (hall fee eaufe, to mitigate and leffen any fuch penalties as he or they (hall think fit, reafonable cofts and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the difcovery as in profecuting the fame,.being always allowed over and above fuch mitigated penalty, and fo as fuch mitigation do not reduce the penalties to lefs than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the faid cofts and charges, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding; and no fuch conviction (hall be remove-able by certiorari into any court whatfoever.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to fubjeft any pcrfon or perfons whatfoever to a longer impri-fonment than three calendar months, for nonpayment of any fine or penalty to be impofed under the authority of this aft.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral duties herein-before granted (hall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the duties on (tamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who (hall keep a feparate and diftinft account of the fe*-veral rates and duties, and pay the fame (the neceflary changes of raifing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being dedufled)

irito

’	Hosted by Google

197

i	785.] Anno vicefimo quinto G10RGII III, C, 51.

into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time and in fuch manner as the duties charged on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are dire&ed to be paid; and that in the office of Auditor to the auditor of the fame receipt fhall be provided and kept a ^ookfo^en-feook or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid' terjng the du-feveral rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, ties feparate fhall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or from all payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any ac- other8* count whatfoever; and the faid money fo paid into the faid re- Application ceipt of exchequer as aforefaid, fhall be a fund for the paymenttherco • of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and ex-pences as are directed to be paid and payable purfuant to an a& of the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for raijing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, ond for efablijking a lottery.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Defendants faid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times may plead the be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them general idue, done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons fhall or may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence 5 and if upon the trial a verdift fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants and recover fhall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plain- treble colts, tiff or plaintiffs.

C A P. LI.

An aft for repealing the duties on licences taken Gut by perfons luting horfes for the purpofe of travelling pofl, and on horfes let to hire for travelling pof, and by time*, and on fage coaches ; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof ; and alfo additional duties on horfes let to hire for travelling pojl, and by time.

C7 HERE AS by an aft, made in the twentieth year of the Preamble.

V reign of his prefent Majefty^ (intituled, An aft for repeal- Recital of 20 ing an aft, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his pre^ Geo. 3- c- 51* fent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty certain	]

duties on licences to be taken out by all per Jens letting horfes to hirey for travelling in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on all horfes let to hire for the purpofes of travelling pojl, and by times, and upon certain carriages therein mentioned; arid' for granting other duties in lieu thereof; it was enafted\ That, from and after the firji day of Auguft, one thoufand /even hundred and eightyy there Jhould be raifed> levied, colleftedy and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors^ the feveral rates and duties following; [that is to fay,) That every pojlttiafter, innkeeper, or other perfon in Great Britain, who Jhould let to hire any horfte for the purpofe of travel-ling pojl by the mile, or from ft age to Jlage; or being a perfon ufumy letting horfes to hire, Jhould let to hire for adoyy or any lefts pc*

O 3	rioi

Hosted by Google

x<$	Anno	vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1785.

f/tfi of timeany borfe for drawing any coach or other carriage, ufed jn travelling pofi or otherwife, for or in refpeft whereof any rate or duty under the management of the commijfioners of excife for the % time being, then was made payable by any jlatute then in force, Jbould yield and pay annually unto his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, the fum of five /hillings for a licence for that purpofe ; That for and in refpeft of every borfe hired by the mile or Jlage, to be ufed in travelling pofi in Great Britain, there Jhould be charged a duty of one penny for every mile fuch horfe Jhould be hired to travel pofi*, and that for and }n refpeft of every horfe hired for a day, or any lefs period of time, for drawing on a pofi or other publick road', any coach or other carriage, ufed in travelling pofi, or other-wife, in refpeft whereof any duty under the management of the com -tniffioners of excife for the time being, then was made payable by any fiatute then in force, there Jhould be charged, if the difiance Jhould be then ajcertained, the fum of one penny per mile; and if the dif x	tance	Jhould not then be afcertdined, there Jhould be charged the fum

of one Jhilling and fixpence for and in refpeft of each horfe fo hired; fuch duty to be paid by the perfon or perfons by whom fuch horfe Jhould be fo hired: That every perfon who Jhould keep any $oacb or other carriage, by what name foever the fame then was called, to be employed as a publick Jlage coach or carriage, for the purpofe of conveying pajfengers for hire to and from different places in the kingdom of Great Britain, Jhould yield and pay annually unto h\s Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, the Jum of five Jhillings for a licence for that purpofe ; and that every coach or other carriage, by what name foever called or known, to be employed as publick Jlage coaches, for the purpofe of conveying pajfengers for hire to and from different places in the kingdom of Great Britain, Jhould be, and the fame were thereby charged with a duty of one halfpenny for every mile fuch carnage Jhould travel, to be paid by the owner or owners thereof refpeftively: and whereas, by an aft made in the twenty-third

?% Geo. 3. c. year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, (intituled. An ait for 3*	granting	to	his	Majefly an additional duty upon ftage coaches,

and othep carriages therein mentioned,) it was enafted. That, from and after the firfi day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, there Jhould be ratfed, levied, collefted, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Ma-jefiy, his heirs and fucceffors, upon every coach or other machine, to be employed as a publick ftage coach or carriage, for the purpofe of conveying pajfengers for hire to and from one place to another in the kingdom of Great Britain, an additional duty of one halfpenny for jevery mile fuch carriages Jhould travel, to be paid by the owners thereof: and whereas the payment of the faid rates and duties have been greatly evaded; we, your Majefly’s rnofit dutiful and loyal fub-jefts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, d%o therefore think that it will be for the advantage of the publick to repeal the prefent rates and duties, and to grant'unto your Majefly other rates and duties in lieu thereof, and alfo additional duties on horfes let to hire for the purpofe of travelling pofi, and by time 5 do moil humbly befeech your Majefly that it may be e#-

'*	ailed	y

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. c. 51.	199

aded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the prom Aug. 1, firft day of Auguft, onethoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, i785,therates the rates and duties granted by an ad, made in the twentieth granted by year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An att for 20 Geo. 3. c. repealing an made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his pre- 51, fent Majefty, intituled, An ad for granting to his Majefty certain duties on licences, to be taken out by all perfons letting horfes to hire, for travelling in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on all horfes let to hire for the purpofes of travelling poft, and by time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned ; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof5) and alfo the additional rate and duty granted by an ad, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, Ana5i for granting and z% Geo. to his Majefty an additional duty upon page coaches^ and other carriages 3* c- 63* therein mentioned,) lhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid and payable; except only fuch monies as ftiall have been re- repealed, ceived, or (hall be payable by the feveral poftmafters, innkeep-* ers, and other perfons, for and on account of the faid rates and duties, at any time on or before the faid firft day of Auguft, and which be unaccounted for and unpaid by them to the feveral coiledors appointed by virtue of the ads to receive the fame.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and declared,

That the feveral bonds, given in purfuance of the faid ads, or Bonds given either of them, (hall continue and be of full force and effed, in purfuance with refped to all duties due and owing by virtue of the faid recited ads, and alfo with refped to the feveral duties by this a * ad granted, and all matters and things therein contained.

III.	And it-is hereby further enaded and declared, That the and licences feveral licences granted in purfuance of the faid ads, (hall con- granted, etc. tinue in full foree and effed, for and during the periods for t° continue in which the fame have been refpedively granted ; and that the force# feveral appointments made by the commiflioners of ftamps to

the feveral perfons appointed coiledors of the faid duties, (hall remain and continue in full force, until revoked by the faid com mi ft] oners.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand New <*ut*e9‘ feven hundred and eighty-five, there (hall be raifed, levied, col-lededj and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the feveral rates and duties following; (that is to fay,)

, That every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon in Great Every poft-Britain, who (hall let to hire any horfe for the purpofe of tra- matter, etc. veiling poft by the mile, or from ftage to ftage, or being a per- ftiall Jet fon ufually letting horfes to hire, (hall let to hire for a day, or for travelling any lefs period of time, any horfe for drawing any coach or poft, for an other carriage ufed in travelling poft, or otherwife. by whatfo- annual li-

O 4	ever	cence> 5s*

Hosted by Google

2oq>	Anno vicefimo quiato Georgii IIL g« 51. [ 1785.,

ever name fuch carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, for or in rejped whereof any rates or duties, now or heretofore under the management of the commiflioners of ex-cife, are or have been made payable by any ftatute or ftatutes now in force* (hall yield and pay annually unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the fum of five (hillings for a licence for that purpofe:

Every perfon	That for and in refpe& of every horfe hired by the mile of

hiring horfes ftage, to be ufed in travelling poft in Great Britain, there (hall to travel poft, be cfoarged a duty pf pne penny halfpenny for every mile fuch each^orfe', horfe ^*11 be hired to travel poft:

y d. halfpenny And that for and in refpetft of every horfe hired for a day, or per mile; any lefs period of time, for drawing on any pubjick road any coach or other carriage ufed in travelling, poft, or otherwife, by whatsoever name fuch carnages now are or hereafter may be called or known, for or in refpedl whereof any rates or duties,, now or heretofore under the management of the commiflioners of excifey are or have been made payable by any ftatute or fta~ tutesnow in force, there (hall be charged, if the diftance (hall be pr is. 9 d. per then afcertained, the fum of one penny halfpenny per mile; and if day, where the diftance (hall not then be afcertained, there (hall be charged the fum of one (hilling and nine-pence for and in refpedt of each horfe fo hired; fuch duty to be paid by the perfon or per-fons by whom fuch horfe (hall be fo hired :

That every perfon who (hall keep any coach, beriin, landau, chariot, calafh, cbaife-marine, chaife, diligence* or other carriage with four wheels, or any calafh, chaife, chair, or other carriage with two wheels, by vyhat name foever the fame now is or hereafter r (hall be called or known, to be employed as riage, foy car- pUblick ftage coaches or carriages, for the purpofe of conveying inftde°palrenl-r P^engers for hire to and from different places in the kingdom gers, for hire, of Great Britain^ (hall yield and pay annually unto his Majefty, pr any ftage- his heirs and fucceffors, the fum of five (hillings for a licence for that purpofe:

And that every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh, chaife-marine, chaife,' diligence, or other carriage with four-wheels* or any calafh, chaife, chair, or other carriage with two wheels, by what name foever the fame now is or hereafter (hall be called pr known, to be employed as publipk ftage coaches or carriages, for the purpofe of conveying paffengers for hire, to and from different places in the kingdom of Great Britain, fhall be, and the fame is hereby- charged with a duty of one penny for every mile fuch carriage or carriages as aforefaid fhall travel, to be paid by the owner pr owners thereof refpe<ftively.

the diftance fhall not be afcertained:

Every perfon keeping a diligence, poft-coach, or other fout-wheeled car-

coach, etc. fhall pay annually 58. for a licence;

and fhall alfo pay id. for every mile fuch carriage (hall travel.

h r. ., , V. And, for the better and more effectual railing, levying, tie/tobe im- coHe&ing, and paying the laid rates and duties herein-before der the ma- granted, the fame (hall be under the government, care, and nagement of management of the commiflioners for the time being appointed the commif- to manag€ the duties payable to his Majefty, his heirs, and ftamp^duhes fucceffors, and charged on damped vellum* parchment, and

4 papery

Hosted by Google

1785-} Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. C.51.	201

paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to appoint and employ fuch officers under thenv for that purpofe, and to allow fuch falaries and incidental charges as (hall be neceflary, and to provide and ufe fuch marks or (lamps as they (hall think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter the fame from time to time as there (hall be occafion; and to do all other a<£ls, matters, and things neceflary to be done for. putting this adl in execution, with relation to the faid rates and duties hereby granted, in the like, and. in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorifed to put in .execution any of the laws now in being concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That, from and after the Penalty on firft day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, perfonalet* no perfon whatfoever, required by this adl to be licenfed, (hall, travST unlefs he or (he be authorifed and enabled, in the manner here- p0ft5etc.with-in-after prefcribed, let out any horfe for hire, either by the out a licence, mile or ftage, or to draw any coach, berlin, landau, chariot,

ealafh with four wheels, or any calafh, chaife, or chair with two wheels, or any other carriage ufed in travelling port, or otherwife, by whatsoever name fuch carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, (upon which any rates or duties, now or heretofore under the management of the commiffioners of excife, are or have been referved or made payable,) for a day, or lefs period of time, upon pain to forfeit, for every fuclr offence the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the Any two paffing of this a61, any two or more of his Majefty’s commiffi- commiffion-oners, appointed for managing the duties arifing by (lamps ftaSnfp.(iutie8, on vellum, parchment, or paper, or fome perfon duly author 0rperfon au-* rifed by them, (hall grant licences to fuch perfons who (hall ap- thorifedby ply for the fame, to let out horfes for hire, in the manner them, may aforefaid, in any city, town, or other place within Great Bri- forle^tin^out tain% for the fpace of one year, to commence from the faid firft horfes to hire, day of Auguji^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five,

upon all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upon licences to be firft granted to any perfon or perfons after the faid firft day of Juguji, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the day of the date of every fuch licence ; and all and every perfon or perfons who (hall take out fuch licence for letting out horfes for hire, in manner, aforefaid,

(hall take out a frerti licence for another year, ten days at leaft before the expiration of that year for which he, (he, or they (hall be fo licenfed, if he, (he, or they (hall continue to let out horfes for hire in manner aforefaid ; and (hall, in like manner, renew fuch licence fFom year to year, paying down the refpec-tive fums due for fuch licences, as long as he^ (he,, or they (hall pontinue to let out horfes for hire in manner aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That no poftmafter, inn- No perfon t(| keeper, Qr other gerfon what foe ver, licenfed 01? to be licenfed keep more

by

Hosted by

Google

202

than one inn, etc. for letting horfes, by virtue of one licence, on penalty of aol.

Licenfed innkeepers, etc. to caufe certain words to be painted on the fronts of their houfes, etc. before they let horfes for hire;

on penalty of 51-

Innkeepers, etc. who fur-nifh carriages to travel poft, (hall affix their names, and their place of abode, on fome confpi-cuous part thereof;

on penalty of 51-

Innkeepers, etc. who furnifli carriages to travel for 2 day, or lefs period of time, (hall affix, upon fomc canfpi*

Anno vlcefimo quinto GeoRGH III. C. 51.	[1785.

by authority of this act, (hall, by virtue of one licence, keep more than one inn, houfe, or other place for letting horfes for the purpofes aforefaid; but for each and every inn, houfe, or other place, which any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall keep for the purpofes aforefaid, a feparate and diftindt licence (hall be taken out and paid for by fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon; upon pain to forfeit, for every inn, houfe, or other place, fo kept by him, her, or them, not licenfed as aforefaid, the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein is directed.

IX* And be it further enacted, That every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fo licenfed to let horfes as herein-be-fore mentioned, (hall caufe the words (Licenfed to let Poft Horfes) to be painted or written in legible characters, either on a (ign hung out, or in fome vifible place in the front of his, her, or their houfe, (tables, or out-offices, at the refpective places at which he, (he, or they let out horfes to hire as aforefaid, to denote that fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, is a letter or furnifher of horfes, and authorifed to furnifti travellers with the fame, purfuant to law : and if any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon fo licenfed as aforefaid, (hall prefume to let out horfes for hire, as herein-before mentioned, without fixing or hanging out fuch token as aforefaid, every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and diftributed as herein-after is directed.

X.	And be it further enacted, That every perfon fo licenfed as aforefaid, fhall, if he, fhe, or they furnifli his, her, or their own chaifes, or other carriages, at the fame time with fuch horfes let to hire to travel poft as aforefaid, mark or paint, or caufe to be marked or painted, on the outfide pannel of each door of the chaife, or other carriage fo furnifhed, his, her, or their chriftian and furname, and the name of the city, town, or place, of his, her, or their abode, in large and legible characters, in letters of a colour diftindt from the colour of the carriage, each letter at lead one inch in length, and continue the fame thereupon, as long as fuch chaife or carriage (hall be fo ufed; and if any perfon or perfons (hall neglect or omit to mark or paint the fame, as herein-before is directed, or (hall mark or paint, or caufe to be marked or painted, any falfe or fictitious name, or place of abode, on fuch chaife or other carriage, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of five pounds.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That every poftmafter, inn-. keeper, or other perfon fo licenfed as aforefaid, if he, (he, or

they furnifli his, her, or their own coaches, berlins, landaus, t chariots, calafties, chaifes, or other carriages with four wheels, or any cala(h, chaife, chair, or other carriage aforefaid with two wheels, at the fame time with fuch horfes let to hire for a day, or lefs period of time, for drawing on any publick road, where fuch carriages (hall have a box, or other outfide feat for the

driver

'	Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGH III. C. 51J	203

driver thereof, (hall affix upon fome confpicuous part of the cuous part footboard, or other part of fuch box or feat, a brafs or tin thereof, a plate, on which there (hall be marked or engraved the chriftian brafs or tin and furname of every fuch owner or owners, and the jiame ofGaining ^ the city, town, and place, of his, her, or their abode, in large names6and and legible characters, and continue the fame thereon, and re- places of place the fame as often as occafion (hall require, during the abode* time fuch coach, or other carriage, as aforefaid* (hall be fo ufed; and where fuch carriages fo furnifhed as aforefaid (hall not have a box or other outfide feat for the driver thereof, (hall affix upon a confpicuous part of the pole, (haft, or fplinter-bar of every fuch carriage as aforefaid, a brafs or tin plate, upon which there (hall be marked or engraved the chriftian and furname of every fuch owner or owners, together with the name of the city,; town, or other place, of his, her, or their abode, in large and legible charadiers, and continue the fame thereon, and replace the fame as often as occafion (hall require, during the time any fuch carriage as aforefaid (hall be fo ufed: and if any perfon or Penalty on perfons (hall omit or negledt fo to do, or mark or engrave, or neglect, etc. caufe to be marked or engraved, any falfe or fidlitious name or, place of abode, on any fuch plate fo to be affixed on any fuch coach, berlin, landau, chariot, chaife, or other carriage as aforefaid, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence* the fum of five pounds.

XII.	And be it further enadted, That the faid commiffion- Commiffion-ers appointed for managing the duties arifing by (lamps on 8 vellum, parchment, and paper, (hall, at the time of iffuing deliver, to fuch licence as aforefaid, deliver, or caufe to be delivered* to every perfon every poftmafter, Jnnkeeper, or other perfon fo licenfed, print- taking out a ed or written papers, (intituled, Stamp-office Weekly Accounts,) in ed^written which (hall be inferted the day of the week, and blanks left for paperS: the number of horfes and miles, and name of the town or place to which fuch horfes (hall be hired to go 5 and alfo for the day of the month, and the names of the poftillions or drivers employed, to be filled up as herein-after dire<5ied, according to the following form, or fuch other form as the faid commiffiori* ers (hall judge convenient for keeping fuch accounts.

Stamp-

Hosted by Google

Art no vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51.	[1785.

Stain|)*office Weekly Aecount.

A. B.	of	C.

Month  and  Day,	Week  and  Day.	Names ofPoftllli&ns or Drivers,															
		A. S.		C. D.		E. F.		G.H.		/. -		1.M.		Names of places to which the Horfes are hired to go.	Duty.		
		No. of		No. of		No. of		No. of		No. of		\ No. of			. 	- -■		
		Horfes.	Miles.	Horfes.	Miles.	Horfes.	Miles.	Horfes.	Miles.	Horfes;	Miles.	Horfes.	Miles;				
	Sunday  Monday  Tuefday  Wednejday  Thurfday  Friday  Saturday							; "									

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. c. 51	205

And (hall alfo deliver, or caufe to be delivered, a number of And alfo cer* tickets, on which (hall be printed or written the words (Stamp- tain tickets. office9) and alfo the word (Horfes>) and 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6, in figures, as the tickets may be intended to denote the numbers; and likewife the word (MilesJ except where the horfes are hired for a day, or any lefs period of time, and then, inftead of the word {MilesJ the words (For a Day) (hall be inferted, and alfo the amount of the duty, at and after the rate of one Shilling and nine-pence for each horfe, according to the number of horfes expreffed by figures on fuch tickets, and (hall take efpecial care that all perfons fo licenfed (hall be fufficiently fur-niftied with fuch accounts and tickets; and in cafe any officer Penalty on employed in the execution of this a6t, in relation to the faid officers mak-rates and duties, (hall wilfully refufe or neglect to do or per- ingdefault. form any matter or thing by this aft required or dire&ed to be done dr performed by him, whereby any of his Majefty’s fub-je6ts (hall or may ftiftain any damage whatfoever, fuch officer fo offending (hall be liable, in any adion to be founded on this ftatute, to anfwer to the party aggrieved all fuch damages, with treble cofts of fuit.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enaded, That each and every Poftmatfers, poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fo licenfed to let horfes for the purpofe aforefaid, Avail, at the time of receiving his, her, Ij^nc^to* or their firft licence, give fecurity, by bond, to his Majefty, his give fecurity heirs and fucceffors, in the fum of fifty pounds, with a conditi- for the rede-on that he, (he, or they will, whenever thereunto required, ll^ery of tick-redeliver, or caufe to be redelivered, the (lamp-office tickets coVntedior which he, (he, or they may have received, and that may etc.	*

remain unaccounted for by him, her, or them, or will pay the money due thereon ; and that he, (he, or they will alfo de** liver to the perfon or perfons properly authorifed, by the com-midioners appointed for managing the duties arifing by damps on vellum, parchment, and paper, to iqfped the fame, and to receive themoney due thereon, the damp-office accounts fo delivered to him, her, or them, as aforefaid, faithfully made out, figaed, and atteded, as herein-after directed, and make payment of all fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be due and payable to his Majefty, in purfuance of, and according to the true intent and meaning of this a6t; and alfo truly and faithfully to obferve and perform all the directions, matters, and things, herein contaiped, on his, her, or their behalf, to be obferved and performed ; and in cafe of the nonperformance or breach of fuch condition, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or the perfons fo appointed by them, to caufe each and every fuch bond to be profecuted according to law; and in cafe of judgement againft the defendant, the faid commiffioners may, if they (hall think fit, refufe to grant to fuch perfon, againft whom fuch judgement (hall be obtained, any licence to let horfes as aforefaid in future.

XI Vv And, to prevent any difputes arifing at what rate or value the tickets Avail be fettled which may have been delivered.

Hosted by Google

2,q6	Arino	Vicefimo ^uinto Georgii III. c. 51. fr785/

ad, in purfuance of this a£t, to the poftmafters, innkeepers, of others, and which may remain unaccounted for by him, her, of Ticketsunac- them, be it enacSted, That fuch tickets (hall be valued in accounted for, count, and paid for, in cafe of any deficiency, at and after the how to be rate of one (hilling and nine-pence for each horfe, according to valued. the number 0f horfes exprefled by figures on fuch tickets, and in the receipt given by fuch poftmaftefs, innkeepers, or other perfons for the fame.

Poftmafters, XV. And be it further enadled. That all and every poft-etc. letting matter, innkeeper, of other perfon licenfed as aforefaid, who travel0poft t0 *et ^or^s to hire by the m^e of ftage* t0 he ufed in (hall receive, travelling poft, (hall, by themfelves or fefvants, previous to the for the ufe of ufing fuch horfe or horfes, afk, demand, and receive, for the hisMajefty, ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, of and from the hiring the^°nS Per^on or Perf°ns hiring the fame, the fum of one penny half-famefid.aq. Penny per mile for each mile fuch horfe (hall be fo hired to tra-for every mile vel, at and after the rate or number of miles which he, (he, or each horfe is they (hall charge fuch traveller or travellers for the ftage or dif-to travel; tance fuch horfe may be hired to go; arid (hall, at the fame and (hall deli- time he or fhe receives payment of the duty for fuch horfe or Jamp-office horfes, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the perfon or per-tickets pro- fcns hiring fuch horfe or horfes, one or more of the ftamp-perly filled up. office tickets herein-before mentioned, as occafion (hall require, and to which fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall add, or caufe to be added* if an innkeeper, the riame of his fign or houfe; if not an innkeeper, his or her name; and he (hall alfo infert the riame of the city, town, or place where fuch licenfed perfon refides, and the name of the town or place to which fuch horfes may be hired to go; and if to London, the name of the ftreet, fquare, or place in London; and in words or figures thd month, and day of the month, and the number of miles, for which fuch horfe or horfes are fo hired: and if any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other peiTon, under pretence of there not being any turnpike or toll-bar upon the road through which he may bd hired to go, or, under any other pretence whatfoever, (hall Penalty on neglect to a(k, demand, and receive the faid duty of one penny neglect there- halfpenny per mile from fuch perfon or perfons hiring fuch °*’	horfe or horfes, or (hall neglect or refufe to deliver the ticket v

or tickets, filled up as herein-before directed, to fuch perfon or perfons fo hiring the horfes as aforefaid, fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; and moreover, in cafe of not receiving the faid rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the fame manner as if hey (he, or they, had a&ually received the fame.

Travellers to XVI. And be it further ena&ed. That all and every fra-deliver their veller or travellers to whom the tickets, whereon (hall be exr tickets at the preffed the number of miles, (hall be delivered as aforefaid, if turnpike they (hall pafs through any turnpike or toll-bar, (hall, at the through. ^	turnpike, toll-bar, or bridge, at which any toll (hall be

by law collected, through which he, (he, or they (hall pafs, e	deliver,

Hosted by Google

207

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. c.51.

deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the toll-gate keeper there, the ticket or tickets fo given to him, her, or them at the place where he, (he, or they hired fuch horfe or horfes, which the faid toll-gate keeper is hereby diredted to demand, and to receive and file; and if any traveller or travellers, fo going pod Penalty on as aforefaid, (hall have negledted to take fuch ticket or tickets, neglect, or (hall not deliver, or caufe the fame to be delivered, properly filled up, as herein-before is directed, he, fhe, or they (hall, before fuch horfes be permitted to pafs through fuch turnpike or toll-bar, pay for every horfe hired and ufed by fuch traveller or travellers the fum of one (hilling and nine-pence, which the gate-keeper is hereby authorifed to a(k and demand, and not permit fuch horfe or horfes to pafs till he, (lie, or they (hall have paid the fame, or produced fuch ticket or tickets as aforefaid.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That no traveller (hall be No traveller compelled to pay for a greater number of miles than (hall be to pay for exprefled upon the ticket by this adt directed to be iffued to [^^ftfalfbe fuch traveller; and if any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon eXprefled up-fo licenfed as aforefaid, (hall infert in fuch ticket the name of on his ticket, any other town or place than the town or place to which the Penalty on horfes (hall be hired to go, or (hall fill up a lefs number of poftmafters, miles than the number charged to fuch traveller, every poft-mafter, innkeeper, or other perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit and tickeu?? pay the fum of ten pounds; and the faid commiffioners (hall, if they think fit, after convidtion of fuch offender, refufe to grant fuch offender any licence in future.

XVIIL And whereas pojlmajlers, innkeepers, and other perfons, add the number of miles upon, the tickets iffued by them to perfons travelling poft, according to the diftance of the fage, yet neverthelefs charge the traveller a fum of money not at or after any certain ra te per mile9 under a pretence that the fum fo charged is their price for theftage \ be it therefore enadted, That where any ticket (hall Claufe rela-be iffued, with the number of miles exprefled thereon, and the tive to charg* poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon fo iffuing the fame, (hall in*? tr*cC!!e'r8‘ charge the traveller a fpecifick fum by the ftage, and not at or fu£e£y the after the ufual or any certain rate per mile, in every fuch cafe, ftage, and fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall be account- not by the able for one fourth part of the pnoney fo received by him, her, mi*e* or them, as and for the duty by this adt diredted to be paid ; and (hail, in that cafe, exprefs on the faid ticket the money charged to fuch traveller, and enter in the weekly account, herein-before directed to be kept, one fourth part of the money fo received, and pay the fame to the collector or collectors appointed by this adt to receive and colledt the faid duties; and if any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall adt contrary hereto, he, (he, or they (hall, for every offence, forfeit ana pay the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is diredted.

XIX.	And be it further enadted, That all and every poft- Poftmafters, mafter, innkeeper, and other perfon fo licenfed as aforefaid, ctc* lettin8

who

Hosted by Google

2oS

out horfes to travel by the day, etc- (hall receive, for the ufe of his Majefty, of the perfons hiring them, id. halfpenny for every mile each horfe is to travel, or is. 9d. for each horfe, where thedif-tance lhall not be afcertained;

and fhall deliver to them ftamp-office tickets properly filled up. Penalty on poftmafters, etc. for neg-letf.

Day-tickets to be delivered at the firft turnpike;

in return for which the gate-keeper lhall give an exchange ticket,

•Anno vScefimo quinto Geougii III. C. 5i. [1785.' who fhall let to hire any horfe or horfes by the day or lefs period of time, as aforefaid, fhall, by themfelves or fervants, previous to fuch horfe or horfes being ufed, afk, demand, and receive, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, of and from the perfon or perfons hiring the fame, the futa of one penny halfpenny per mile for each mile fuch /horfe or horfes (hall be fo hired to go, where the diftance (hall be afcertained, and where the diftance (hall not be afcertained, then the fum of one (hilling and nine-pence for each horfe fo hired, previous to fuch horfe or horfes being ufed; and fhall, at the fame time, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the perfon or perfons fo hiring fuch horfe or horfes, one or more of the ftamp-office tickets herein-before mentioned, with the words (for a Day,) inferted therein, as occafion (hall require; and to which every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall add, or caufe to be added, if an innkeeper, the name of his fign or -houfe, if not an innkeeper, his or her name; and he (hall alfo infertthe name of the city, town, or place where fuch licenfed perfon refides, and, in words or figures, the month, and day of the month; and if any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall negledt to afk, demand, and receive the (aid duty of one penny halfpenny per mile, or one (hilling and nine-pence for each horfe, as the cafe (hall happen to be, from fuch perfon or perfons hiring the fame, or (hall neglecft or refufe to deliver the ticket or tickets fo filled up as aforefaid, fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, and moreover, in cafe of not receiving the faid rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the fame manner as if he, fhe, or they had actually received the fame.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, That every perfon or perfons, to whom fuch day-ticket as aforefaid (hall be delivered, if he, (he, or they (hall, in the courfe of the day for which fuch ticket lhall be given, pafs through any turnpike, tdll-bar, or over any bridge (where any toll is collected by virtue of any a6t or a£ts of parliament), (hall, at the firft turnpike, toll-bar, or bridge, through which he, !he, or they (hall pafs, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the toll-gatherer there, the day-ticket or tickets fo given to him, her, or them, at the place where he, (he, or they hired fuch horfe or horfes, which the faid toll-gatherer is hereby dire&ed to demand, and to receive and file; and in return for fuch day-ticket or tickets, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall receive from the faid toll-gatherer a ticket, (called An Exchange Ticket), to be fupplied from the ftamp-office, which (hall contain the name of the county in which the turnpike or toll-bar (hall be, and the words (Received Day-ticket) ; and alfo the number of horfes according to the figures expreffed in fuch day-ticket, together with the name of the city, town, or place, at which fuch day-ticket was given, and fome mark or number, denoting the particular day in which fuch exchange ticket was iffued, in printed or written tetters or figures;

Hosted by Google

1785.3	Anno vicefimo qu|nto GeoRGH III. c. 5*.	209

gures; fvhich faid exchange tickets the foid toll-gatherer is hereby directed to deliver to fuch perfon or perfons gratis, in return For fuch day-ticket fo left with him as aforefaid; and which which (hall be faid exchange ticket fo delivered (hall be (hewn by fuch perfon (bewnatevery Or perfons at every turnpike or toll-bar, through which lie, (he, or they (hall afterwards on that day pafs with fuch horfe or ^av# s horfes for which fuch day-ticket (hall have been given: and if Penalty on any perfon or perfons, to whom fuch day-ticket or tickets (hall travellers not * be delivered as aforefaid, (hall neglect or refufe to leave the feme at fuch firft turnpike as aforefaid, or (hall refufe to fhew	iC *

the ticket, fo given to him, her, or them in exchange, at every turnpike or toll-bar, through which he, (he, or they (hall on that day pafs as aforefaid, he, ihe, or they (hall pay, for every horfe then ufed by him, her, or them, the fum of one (hilling and nine-pence, before fuch horfe or horfes (hall pafs through fuch turnpike, toll-bar, or bridge, the gatekeeper or toll-gatherer there is hereby authorifed to afk, demand, receive, and retain the fame to his own ufe; and where the name of ilie owrier of the carriage (hall be marked on the footboard or feat, or pole, (haft, or fplinter-bar, as herein-before is directed to be done, when the carriage is let out to hire at the fame time with the horfes, then fuch gatekeeper or toll-gatherer (hall not permit fdch'horfe or horfes to pafs through until fuch traveller (hall hav'e paid the fame, or left fuch day-ticket or tickets, or (hall have produced and (hewn fuch exchange ticket, as aforefaid.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or Penalty on perfons (hall take off, or caufe to be taken off, the brafs or tin j-aking off the plate, herein-before directed to be affixed on carriages ufed as ^oned'braf8 hefein-before mentioned, with an intent to evade the payment or tin p}ate, of the ddty, or the furxi of one (hilling and nine-pence for each in order to horfe to be paid at the turnpike or toll-bar, as herein-before is ev3de pay-directed; every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall for- ™uety^°fthe feit and pay the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied y 9

in the fame manner as the other penalties in this act are directed to be recovered and applied.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe any carriage, and on dri-iipon Which any brafs or tin plate is directed to be affixed as versofcarri-aforefaid? (hall pafs through any turnpike or toll-bar, without throu^any having fuch brafs 6r tin plate then affixed thereon, in the man- turnpike her herein-before directed, the driver or drivers of every fuch without fuch carriage (hall forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings, to be re- plate* covered and Applied in the manner herein-after appointed.

XXIIi And, in order to prevent evafions in the filling up the faid tickets, where the horfes are hired to return in a lefs period of time than two days, and the difianceJhall be afcertained, be it enacted. That where any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, How tickets (hall let to hire any horfe or horfes as aforefaid to return in a *0T thaQ lefs period of time than two days, and the number of miles, b/filled inftead of the words (For a day)> (hall be inferted in fuch ticket, Up. every licehfed poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fhall fill up tne name of. the .place to which the horfes are hired to go,

m.	XXXV.	P	and

Hosted by Google

ZiO

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c, 51.	[1785.

and the true number of miles, afcertaining the diftance both going/to and returning from the place expreffed in fuch ticket; and in default of not tilling up the faid ticket, as herein-before is directed, every fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall forfeit and-pay the fum of ten pounds, and moreover be chargeable with the faid duty to his Majefty, his heirs and fuo ceffors, in the fame manner as if he or (he had a&ually received the fame.

Defcriptionof the certificates to be delivered to travellers who fhall hire horfes for two days, or more.

Such certificate to be delivered at the firft turnpike;

for which the gate-keeper (hall give a check ticket.

If traveller#

oegledt to take fuch certificates, etc.

they fhall pay is. 9d. for each horfe, which the gate-keeper may retain to his own ufe.

XXIV. Jndj in order to prevent frauds where horfes Jhall be let to hire for two or more days, be it enacted. That every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, when he (hall let to hire for two days, or a. longer fpace of time, any horfes for drawing any carriage as aforefaid, on any publick road, (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the perfon travelling in fuch carriage, or to the driver thereof, a note or certificate, to be fupplied from the ftamp-office, on which fhall be engraved or printed (Hired for Two or more Days), and to which fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon (hall add the day of the month, the name of the place of his abode, and the number of days for which the faid horfes fhall be hired, and the name and place of abode of the perfon hiring the fame*, and the perfon travelling in fuch carriage, or the driver thereof, (hall, at the firft turnpike, or other place where toll is by law collected, if he, (he, or they (hall pafs through any, deliver to the toll-gate keeper there the note or certificate fo given to him or her as aforefaid, which the faid toll-gate keeper is hereby directed to afk and demand, and to receive .and file; and in return for fuch note or certificate, the toll-gate keeper -fhall deliver a ticket, called (The Check Ticket)* to be fupplied from the ftamp-office, which fhall contain the name of the county in which the turnpike or toll-bar (hall be, and the words (Certificate delivered), and alfo the name of the town or place whence fuch note or certificate iflii-ed, together with fome mark or number denoting the particular day on which fuch check ticket was iflued, in printed or written letters or figures; which faid check ticket the faid toll-gate keeper is hereby directed to deliver to fuch perfon or perfons gratis, in return for fuch note or certificate fq left with him as aforefaid, and which faid check ticket, fo delivered, (hall be (hewn by the driver of fuch carriage, or fame	therein,	to

the toll-gatherer at every turnpike or toll-bar through which the faid horfes may have occafion to pafs: and if any perfon or perfons, fo hiring fuch horfes for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall have neglected to take fuch note or certificate as above fpecified, or (hall negleft or refufe to leave the fame at fuch firft turnpike or toll-bar as aforefaid, or (hall refufe to (hew, at the feveral turnpikes or toll-bars through which he (hall pafs, the check ticket fo given to him by the toll-gate keeper as aforefaid, fuch traveller or travellers (hall pay for every horfe then ufed by him or her the fum of one (hilling and nine-pence before fuch horfes be permitted to pafs fuch turnpike or toll-bar, which the faid toll-gate keeper is hereby authorifed to alk, demand, and

receive.

Hosted by Google

17$5*1 Anno vlcefimo quinto Georgii III. C.51.

receive, and retain to his own ufe, and not permit fuch horfes to.pals.till fuch travellers (hall have paid the fameyor produced fuch note or certificate, or fuch check ticket as aforefaid; and if any poftmafter, innkeeper, orother perfon, (hall, in fuch note or certificate, infert any falfe or fi&itious name or place of his or her abode, or (hall wilfully infert therein any fictitious name, or place of abode of the perfon hiring fuch horfes, or (hall, in letting out fuch horfes for the purpofes aforefaid, by any device or collufion, pretend to let,out his horfes for a longer fpace of time than the time for which the fame were actually hired, with an intent to evade the duty hereby impofed, fuch pofl> mafter, innkeeper, or other perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; and the faid commifiioners (hall, if they think fit, after conviCHon of fuch offender, refufe to grant fuch offender any licence in future.

XXV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted and declared, That every horfe hired for the purpofe of drawing any carriage as aforefaid for any lefs period of time than two fuc-ceffive compleat days, (hall be deemed, for the purpofes of this a61, to be hired for a day, and (hall be fubjeCt to all the rules, regulations, and reftri&ions, as horfes hired for a day, or lefs period of time, for drawing fuch carriages as aforefaid, are by this.aCl made liable and fubjeCt to.

XXVI.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforfaid.

That every toll-gate keeper who (hall have received any of the day tickets, or the notes or certificates for two or more days, as herein-before mentioned, and (hall refufe to give any traveller or travellers gratis, the tickets hereby dire&ed to be given in exchange, or who (hall deliver the exchange ticket or check ticket, without having received in lieu thereof the (lamp-office day ticket, or the note or certificate for two or more days, as herein-before mentioned; or who (hall make, or permit or fuf-fer to be made, any alteration in any of the tickets hereby directed to be filed by him or her, after fuch tickets (hall have Come to his or her cuftody, or fhall deliver any of the tickets directed to be received "and filed by him or her, to any perfon or perfons .other than the perfon or perfons duly authorifed as herein-after mentioned to receive the fame, he; or (he (hall, for every fuchoffence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered as herein-after is directed.	1

XXVII.	And it is hereby.further enadted. That every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon fo licenfed to let horfes as aforefaid, lhall infert, in the account herein-before fpecified,' fo delivered to him, her, or them, from the (lamp-office, the number of. horfes ufed in travelling poll, and the number of miles for which.fuch horfes fhall have been fo ufed, and the name of'the town or place to which fuch horfes were hired to go; alfo the number of .horfes let to hire for $ day, or any lefs period*'of time ;; and alfo the note or certificate fo iffued by them as'aforefaid, and" the day of the month on which $he faid day ticket^ were ofcd,. or fuch note or certificate was iffued,_toge-

P 2	ther

2 II

Penalty on poftmafters, &c.delivering falfe certificates, &c.

Horfes hfredl for any lefs time than tw,o days, fhall be deemed to be hired for one day.

Penalty on gate-keepers for neglect of duty.

Enumeration of particulars tobe inferted, by poftmaf-ters, etc. in the account to be delivered them from the ftamp-office.

Hosted by Google

Anno vicefimo quinto Georg II III. C. 51. £1785.

ther with the names of the poftilions or drivers employed; which (aid account (hall be' figned by fuch poftmafter, inn*

' keeper, or other perfon fo licenfed as aforefaid, and witnefled by the hoftler, or other fervant employed in preparing and getting ready fuch horfes, and (hall be open, when required, to the in-fpedtion of any perfon or perfons duly authorifed under the hands and Teals of the faid commiffioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, to infpedt the At what times fame; and fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, and other perfon fo li-licenfed per- cenfefi ?s aforefaid, refiding in the city of London or liberty of in^ondorfor Wefiminjler, (hall, the firft Tuefday or Wednefday in every month, Weftminfter, and fuch other perfon fo licenfed as aforefaid, refiding within or within five five miles of the head office for (lamps, or within the bills of orin^h^bH^‘mortality, (hall, the firft Thurfday or Friday in every month, or of mortality, at ot^er times as may be appointed by the faid commiffi-(bali deliver* oners, on publick notice given in the Gazette, bring in and de-theiraccounts liver to the commiffioners, or to the perfon or perfons appoint-the ttamP’ ed by them for the purpofe of receiving the fame, at the head o ce, etc. office, the accounts herein-before direded for the four weeks ending on the Saturday preceding fuch day of delivery, and (hall, at the fame time, pay fuch fum and fums of money which (hall appear to be due thereon to the receiver general for the time being of the.duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for colle&ing the faid duties, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fuc-ceffors, at the head office, upon pain of forfeiting ten pounds for every default in not delivering in fuch account, and double the amount of the money fo due and payable from fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, for the faid rates or duties* for the nonpayment thereof.

Where and > XXVIII. And it is hereby further enadled, That every poft-when licenfed tnafler, innkeeper, or other perfon, fo licenfed as aforefaid, not fn oUier parts re^*ng whhin the cities of London or Wejiminjiery or within of the king~r five miles of the fame, or within the bills of mortality, (hall, at dom (hall de- fuch times and places to be appointed for that purpofe as here-Jiver their in-after mentioned, produce and deliver the accounts herein-accounts, etc, before directed for the weeks ending on the Saturday preceding fach delivery, and then unaccounted for, to the perfon or perfons duly authorifed and commiffioned, under the hands and feals of three of the faid commiffioners for managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, to receive fuch accounts, and the money due thereon; arid at the fame time pay to fuch perfon or perfons all fum and Turns of money, which (hall appear to be due upon fuch accounts, under the penalty of ten pounds for every default in not delivering fuch accounts, and double the amount of the money due and payable from fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, For the faid rates or duties, for the nonpayment thereof.

Poftmafters,	XXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That every poftmafter,

etc. to enter innkeeper, or other perfon fo licenfed as aforefaid, (hall enter, thdr^weekly 01	he	entered,	in	his	weekly	account,	the tickets, notes.

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinta GegRgii III. c.51.	213

or certificates, fo iffued by him, her, or them, on> the day in account on which the fame (hall be ifTued ; and if any poftmafter* inn-. the day they keeper,, or other perfon, (hail date any of the porting tickets or were iflued, day tickets, or. any note or certificate, by him or her delivered as aforefaid, in any other manner than as the fame (hall’, at the time of fuch delivery, be entered in his or her weekly account or accounts, he, (he, or they (hall, for every fuch offence, for- on penalty of feit and pay the fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered and ap- 40Sf plied as herein-after is directed.

XXX.	And it is hereby further ena&ed, That every port- Penalty on

mafter, innkeeper, or other perfpn, fp licenfed as aforefaid, who poftmafter?, ' (hall be guilty of any wilful concealment, or making falfe ac^ endeavour to counts, or any other fraudulent contrivance, device, or pretence defraud his whatfoever, with an intent or defign to defraud his Majefty,, Majeftyofthe his heirs and fucceffors, of any of the rates or duties impofed rates imppfed by this a£t, or any part thereof, fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or by	;

other perfon, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds,, to be recovered as herein-after dire&ed; and the faid commiflioners (hall

and may, if they (hall fo think fit, after judgement obtained againft fuch offender,, refufe to grant to fuch offender any licence in future.

XXXI.	And, in order to prevent the evading the payment of the duties hereby granted, by permitting carriages, conveying perfons poft, to be drawn by horfes which have paid the duty for the ft age, under pretence of fuch horfes being upon the return home ; be it further ena£ted, That every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, Everypofl> who. (hall take the hire for fuch horfes by the mile, or from

ftage to ftage, (hall be confidered as the perfon to whom the t^e°hire for ■' duties herein-before granted (hall be paid, and (hall be charge.- horfes travel-able, with, and accountable for the fame, as if fuch poftmafter, lingpoft, (bail innkeeper, or other perfon, was the adtual proprietor of fuch horfes, although the fame may belong to, and be the property of any other licenfed poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon.

XXXII.	And) in order to prevent evading the payment of the duties hereby,granted upon horfes hired by the mile or ftage, under the pretence of the letting fuch horfes for a day, or any lefs period of time,

be it ena&ed, That no poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, poftma-at'whofe inn, houfe, or other place kept for letting horfes to ^ofchouW hire, any; traveller or travellers (hall change horfes, (hall let to ^1y°traveller' hire any horfe or horfes to fuch traveller or travellers, in any (hall change other manner than by the mile or ftage; and if any poftmafter, horfes, (hall innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall a£t contrary hereto,, he,. (He, or they (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum °han the of ten pounds, to be recovered as herein-after mentioned.	mile or ftage.

XXXIII.	And in order to prevent any obftruftion or inconvenience to travellers, from the name of the town or place to which the horfes may be hired to go, being inferted in the ticket as herein-before

is directed; be it erta&ed, That where any poftmafter, innkeeper, Where*inn-or other perfon fo licenfed as aforefaid, at whofe inn, houfe, or keepers can-other place, any traveller or travellers (hall apply to change not furnifh horfes, if he or (he cannot furpifh horfes to convey fuch tta- travellers

P 3	vellers	*

Hosted by Google

414	Anno	vicefiriio qumto Georgm III*'c. 51.	[1785.

they are to vellers on their journey, when applied to for that purpofe, fuch give them a poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall and is hereby di-pr/oper\y fiUed re<^ec* to t0 any traveller requiring the fame, a frefti ticket up, etc. properly filled up, and receive the duty due thereon, and charge liimfelf or herfelf therewith, in the fame manner as if the horfes had been hired from fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon.

XXXIV.	And^ for the encouragement of the toll-gate keepers to be attentive and vigilant in the execution of this and as a com-

.Toll-gate penfation for their trouble ; be it enadled, That all and every toll-peepers to gate keeper fhall be, and is hereby authorifed to demand and 3<M °the receive from the colledtor, or other perfon appointed to get in pound for all the fame, to whom he, (he, or they (hall deliver the day tickets tickets they and pofting tickets, in the manner herein-after directed and lhall deUvcr prefcribed, the fum of three-pence for every pound fterling, toco e ors. w|Jjcj1 the duties Upon any fuch tickets (hall amount unto, and »t and after that rate for any lefs fum than a pound fterling; and fuch colledtor, or other perfon, is hereby authorifed to pay and allow the fame accordingly; and that fuch allowance of three-pence in the pound (hall be over and above the allowance or privilege hereby given to fuch toll-gate keepers of retaining the money by him, her, or them, collected from, fuch traveller pr travellers, perfon or perfons, who fhall not, purfuant to this acft, have delivered the tickets to fuch toll-gate keeper as afore-laid.

XXXV.	Provided always neverthelefs, and it is hereby en-Whereand g£fced. That all and every toll-gate keeper (hall, for the com-when the penfation and allowance aforefaid, bring, orcaufe to be brought, 'keepers2fhall tIc^ets herein-before mentioned, by him or her received, bringthefaid if within five miles of the head office for (lamps, then to the tickets. faid head office there, or to fuch other place, within the bills of

morrality, as the commiffioners of the (lamp-duties (hall appoint ; and if beyond the diilance of five miles from the head office, then to fuch places, and at fuch times, as the collector, appointed to coliedl fuch tickets, fhall require, and deliver up, or caufe to be delivered up, fuch tickets to the collector to be appointed as aforefaid.

Penalty on XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every toll-gate toll-gate keeper, who (hall have received fuch (lamp-office ^XnTdeU- tickets as aforefaid, who (hall not bring, or caufe to be brought, vcrup tickets fuch tickets at the times and'places aforefaid, (hall, upon de-on demand; mand made at .the gate of fuch turnpike or toll-bar, deliver fuch tickets to the collector to be appointed by the faid com-rniffioners for managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, as aforefaid; and if any toll-gate keeper (hall refufe to deliver up all and every fuch (lamp-office tickets fo received by him or her, upon fuch demand as aforefaid, every toll-gate keeper (hall, for each ticket he or (he (hall fo refufe to deliver up, forfeit and pay the fum of five (hillings, to be recovered as herein-after is diredled.

XXXVII.	And be it further enadled, That if any toll-gate

^	keeper

Hosted by vjOO^LC

1785 ] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. C. 51.	215

keeper (hall wilfully negled to aft and demand, or (hall refufe or who fhall to receive, from any perfon or perfons, any ticket or tickets^ ne^left totv-hereby directed to be delivered to fuch toll-gate keeper as afore- £0* tickets*^ laid, or dial! negletff or refufe to file the fame when delivered, ^required by every fuch toll-gate keeper, fo wilfully neglecting to afk and this aft. demand, or refufing to receive and file fuch tickets, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied in manner herein after directed.

XXXVIII.	And, in order to prevent any collujion or fraudulent praflices in toll-gate keepers, be it enacted. That in cafe any toll- Gate-keepers gatekeeper (hall afk, demand, or receive, or agree to take 0r fraudulently^ accept any lefs fum or fums of money than he or fhe is hereby tbanPthey are3 authorised to afk, demand, and receive, and retain to his own authorifed to ufe, every fuch toll-gate keeper fhall, for every fuch offence, demand, for-forfeit and pay the fum of twenty fhillings, to be recovered and aos* applied in the manner herein-after appointed.

- XXXIX. And whereas there are many publick roads on which there are no turnpikes, fo that the tickets dire fled to be ijfued by the feveral pojimajiers, and other perfons, cannot be received and filed as dire fled by this afl, whereby great frauds are prafllfed\ be it therefore enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commifiion-commiffioners appointed to manage the duties on damped vel- ^ar^ancf^ lum, parchment, and paper, to erect bars and gates acrofs any acrofg publick road, for the receipt of the tickets directed to be ifTued publick roads, in purfuanee of this act, and to place a perfon or perfons thereat, and appoint

who fhall have, and are hereby invefted with the fame p6wer

.	,	11 n	,	3 .	«	• 1	r	ceive	tickets,

and authority, to collect anu receive the tickets, notes, or cer- etc>

tificates fo ifTued, and to demand the money from the travellers	,	t

for not .producing and fhewing the fame, as the turnpike men

are authorifed by this a<d to Collect, demand, and receive, and

to be liable and fubjedt to the fame penalties for any thing

done contrary to this a<5t, as the turnpike men are fubje<5t and

liable to.

XL. And be it further enabled. That all and every poft- Where poft-mafter, innkeeper, or other perfon fo Jicenfed as aforefaid, not mafters, etc* refiding within five miles of the head office for ftamps, nor of the bills within the bills of mortality, fhall, at the times and at the of mortality, places to be mentioned at the foot of the firft licence granted to etc. are to	at-

him, her, or them, when the fame fhall be delivered, and after-	Pa^3

wards at the foot of every receipt which fhall be given by the counts?" collector for the money paid in by him, her, or them, on account of the faid duties, attend and there deliver in and pafs his account, and pay the duty received by him, her, or them as aforefaid, to the coJle&or fo appointed to colledl the fame : provided that no fuch perfon as aforefaid fhall be compelled to travel for the payment of the faid duties, or other caufe whatsoever, touching or concerning the fame, if he, fhe, or they live jn a market town, out of the faid town; or .if )ievfhe, or they live out of a market town, then to no .other place than to the market town neareft to his, her, or their habitation.

P 4.	XLI. Provided

Hosted by Google

?i6

Th s aft not to extend to horfes ufed in hackney-coaches, etc.

AH horfes hired by the mile, or ftage, to be deemed hired to travel poll.

On the death of any licen? fed poftm after, etc. his executors, etc. (hall not be liable to any penalty for letting horfes to hire, provided they tajke out a licence within 30 days after his death.

After Aug. i, 2785, every poftmafter, etc. on delivering his accounts, (hall make oath tq the truth thereof.

The oath.

Anno vicefirao qulnto Georgii HL C. g.u [1785*

XLI. Provided alfq, and it is hereby further ena#ed and declared, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be con-ftryed to extend, to any horfes ufed in hackney, coache^, ljcen-fed purfuant to feveral afts of parliament made for that puq?o(p, where the horfes drawing fuch hackne)'.coaches, (hall he employed to go no greater diftance than ten n>iles from the cities of London or TVeJiminJter^ and, the fuburbs thereof.

XLII. And it is hereby further enafted and declared, Tha>t every hoVfe, hired by the mile or ftage, (hall be deemed to be. hired to travel poft, within the true intent and meaning of this aft, although the perfon or perfons hiring the fame do not go, or travel feveral ftages upon a poft road, or change horfes; and although at the ftage or place, at or to which fuch horfes (half be hired, there (hall not be any poft houfe; and although there, (hall not be any poft fettled or eftabli(hed on the road, of any, part thereof, upon which fuch horfes (hall be hired tp.gq; any. thing herein-before contained, or any law or, ufage, to tfip contrary notwithft.aoding.

XLIIL And be it further enacted, That if any poftmafter,. innkeeper, or other perfon, licenfed to let horfes in manner aforefaid, (hall die, it (hall and may be lawful for his or her executors, adminiftrators, or other perfons fueeqeding to fuch inn, houfe, or other place, to let horfes to^ire in manner afopefajd, until fuch time as fuch perfon (hall procure fuc;h licence* and give fuch fecurity as herein-before directed, without hying liable to the penalty herein-before inflifted upon thy perfpns, letting horfes to hire vyitfiout being licenfed in that behalf, pro-, vided that fuch licence be taken out within thirty days after the death of Fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon j ancf fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fubjeeft tp the fame rules, regulatipn^, and charges, and liable to account, and to. the payment of the fame rates apd duties impofed, as fuch poftmafter, innkeeper*; pr other perfon, was fubjeft and liable to account fo,r.

XLIV. And) for the more effectually taking an account of the feveral duties irr.pofed by this aft, and preventing frauds therein, be it enafted. That, from and after the f$id firft day of Augujl, ope. thoufapd feven hundred and; eighty-five, every pqftmafter, innr keeper, pr.other perfon, fo licenfed to let horfes as aforefaid, (hall at the refpeftive times of delivering tfie.ir. accounts to. the corn-miffioners, or other perfon appointed by them tq receive the fame, at the head office, or to the cojleftor or collectors authorifed by the faid commiffioners to receive the fame, and the money due. thereqn, m^ke oath, or, being one of the people called ^ualers% make ap’d fubfcribe.a i'olemn affirmation , before fuch commiffir pners, or other perfon appointed as aforefaid, or colle.ftor or cplleftors, who are hereby refpeftively authorifed and itnpqw-. ered to adminifter fuyh oath and affirmation to the truth of the accounts then delivered, in thy form following:

I A. B. do fwear, (or affirmas the cafe may. require), That the. feveral weekly accounts, now by me delivered, of the duties arifing.

\upon

Google

i£8j»] Anna vicefima quinto Georgii III. c. 51.	217

upon borfeSy which lhave let for the purpcfe of travelling pofiy or ctherwifeffrom the	day.	of	to the

day of	as far as the fame have been entered and kept by

they are fairy juft y and true accounts ; and that I have charged therein the duty for the true number of milesy received for the ufe of his Majeftyy from the travellers who have hired horfes. from me; and that I have infer ted therein an account of all the day-.ticketSy notes, and certificates ijjued by me\ and as far as fuch accounts have been entered and kept by any other perfon or perfonSy 1 verily believe the fame to be true.

So help me GOD*

Arjd; if any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, staking the Penalty on faid oath or affirmation hereby appointed, (hall thereby commit poftmafters, wilful perjury, and be thereof cppvided, he, (lie, .or they (hall, etq. fvvearing for fuch offence, be fubje<t and liable to fuch pains and penal- e ties as by any law now ip being perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubject and liable to; and if any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fo licenfed as aforefaid, (hall refufe to take the oath or affirmation above required, the collector or collectors of the faid duty may refufe to receive the money due on fuch accounts; and fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other per- or refuting to fon, (hall be liable to the penalty of twenty pounds, in the fame take theoath-manner as if they, had not delivered in their accounts, and paid the money dup thereon, for each and every fuch account fo refufed to be attefted or affirmed.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after theNopedbn faid firft day of Augujly one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- (hah let out five, if any perfon who (hall keep any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calalh, chaife-marine, chaife, diligence, or other carri- p&t-coach, age with four wheels, or any calafh, chaife, chair, or other &c. without a carriage with two wheels, by what name foever the fame now licence, is or hereafter (hall be called pr known, to be employed as pub-lick ftage coaches or carriages, for the purpofe of conveying paffengers for hire to and from different places within the kingdom of Great Britain (hall let out, thp fame for fuch purpofe, without having firft obtained a licence under the hands of two pf the faid commiflioners fqt managing the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or fome perfon duly authorifed by them, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit, for every on penalty of time fuch coach, diligence., or other carriage (hall be fo ufed,	each

the fum of ten pounds, to he recovered and applied as herein^ after is directed.

XLVI. And be it further enabled. That, from> and after Commiffion-the pafTipg of tips act, aqy.two or more of his Majefty’s comr ersof ftamp-liiilfioners, appointed for managing the duties arifing by ftamps fu^iicences on vellum, parchment, and paper, or fome perfon duly autho- to all perfons rifed by them, (hall grant.licences, under their hands and feals, who (hall ap-to any perfon or perfons who (hall apply for the fame to let, ply for th^n* put for hire any fuch. coach, diligence, or other carriage, directed to be licenfed by virtue of this act, for the fpaceof one

year,

^Google

Hosted by “

fe 1.8

Licence to be renewed ten days previous to the expiration, etc.

Only one diligence, etc. to be kept by virtue of one licence.

All licenfed perfons to pay one penny for e*ery mile their diligence, &c. Stall travel;

and (hall declare, when they receive their licence, to and from What places it is intended to be ufed, and how often.

All diligences, etc. going to or from London or Weft-jninfter, (hall

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [<7S5.

year, to commence from the firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day, and upon licences to be firft granted to any perfon or perfons after the faid firft day of Augujl, to commence from the day of the date of fuch licences; which faid licence (hall be renewed at leaft ten days previous to the expiration of the year for which it was granted; and if the perfon or perfons fo licenfed (hall continue to let out for hire fuch coach, diligence, or other carriage, hereby diredled to be licenfed, he, (he, or they (hall, in the fame manner, renew fuch licence from year to year, paying down the refpedtive fums due for fuch licence, and fo yearly and every year as long as he, (he, or they (hall continue to let out fuch coach, diligence, or other carriage, for the purpofe aforefaid.

XLVII. And be it further ena&ed, That no perfon or per-fons fo licenfed to let out coaches, diligences, or other carriages, hereby dire&ed to be licenfed, (hall, by virtue of one licence, keep more than one coach, diligence, or other carriage, for the purpofes aforefaid. '

XLVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every perfon and perfons fo licenfed to ufe any coach* or coaches, diligences, or other carriages, to be employed as publick ftage coaches as aforefaid, (hall yield and pay to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the fum of one penny for every mile every fuch <toach or coaches, diligences, or other carriages, (hall be fo ufed to travel as aforefaid.

XLIX. And it is hereby further enaefed. That all and every perfon or perfons fo licenfed to ufe fuch coach or coaches, diligences, or other carriages, to be employed as publick ftage coaches as aforefaid, (hall, at the time of receiving fuch licence, declare from what place and to what place fuch coach or coaches, or other carriages, hereby directed to be licenfed, is intended to be ufed, diftinguilhing the diftance or number of miles between the two extreme towns, or other places, fuch coach or coaches, or other carriages, is or are intended to go, and the number of journies each fuch coach or coaches, diligences, or other carriage or carriages, is or are intended to be ufed, either in the day or in the week, as the cafe may happen to be, that the fame may be inferted in fuch licence; and all and every perfon or perfons, fo licenfed for fuch purpofe as aforefaid, (hall give fecurity, by bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the fum of twenty pounds, or in treble the fum to which the duty for the journies inferted in fuch licences for one month would amount unto, in the option of the faid commiffioners, ith a condition for the faithful accounting for and paying Ch fums as may be due for the journies expreffed in fuch licences.

L. And be it further ena&ed, That all coaches, diligences, or other carriages, direded to be licenfed by virtue of this a&, that (hall go from London or Wejlminfter to any place in th$ country; or that (hall come from the country to any place in

London

Hosted by Google

1785*] Anno vleefipcio quinto Georgii III. c. 51.	219

London or Wejlminijier^ (hall be licenfed at the head office by be Jicenfedat the commiffioners, or fome perfon authorifed by them.	ftamP“

' LI. Jnd, in regard it may be difficult to afcertain the number of0 ce* times fuch licenfed coaches, diligences, or other carriages, making Jhort Jlages* may go in a day\ it is hereby provided and ena&ed.

That the commiffioners for managing the ftamp-duties, or the Difcretionary major part of them, or fuch officers as they (hall appoint in that powers veiled behalf, (hall and may, and they are hereby impowered to make in comroilli-fuch allowances as (hall appear to be juft, to any perfon or per- ddicenceT fons licenfed to ule any coach, diligence, or other carriage, as etc making * aforefaid, upon oath made by the owner of fuch coach, dili- (hort ftages gence, or other carriage as aforefaid, before the faid commiffi- near London, oners, or the major part of them, or fuch officers fo to be appointed, as to the number of journies actually made in a day by fuch coach, diligence, or other carriage, where the fame fhall differ from the number expreffed in fuch licences; which oath the faid commiffioners, or the collectors authorifed by them to receive the faid duty, are hereby impowered to admi-nifter, and to examine into all the circumftances relative to the number of journies fo made by fuch coach, diligence, or other carriage, as aforefaid, any thing herein contained to the contrary ncfcwithftanding; and the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, are hereby impowered to make fuch regulations, with refpeCt to fuch coaches, diligences, and other carriages, where fuch allowances are applied for, as they (hall from time to time find neceffary, as well for the effectual fecuring the duties on fuch coaches, diligences, or other carriages, as doing juftice to the owners or proprietors thereof.

L1I. And be it further enacted. That all and every perfon The name of or perfons, fo licenfed to ufe every fuch coach, diligence, or owner of other carriage, as aforefaid, fhall mark or paint, or caufe to be ^ce^etc to marked or painted, on the outfide pannel of each door thereof, be^inted on before he, (he, or they (hall ufe the fame for the purpofe afore- the outfide of faid, his, her, or their chriftian and furname, together with each door, the name of the place from whence they fet out, and to which they are going, in large and legible characters, in letters of a colour diftinCt from the colour of the carriage, each letter at leaft one inch in length, under the penalty of ten pounds; and Where and every proprietor of any fuch coach, diligence, or other car- when the riage, licenfed to go from London to any other place, or from f^mdiligent any other place to London, (hall, on the firft Monday in every ce8) etc.fhall imonth, between the hours of eight in the morning and two in be paid, the afternoon, unlefs the fame be an holiday, and then on the •next day, not being an holiday, clear the faid duties charged •and become due by virtue of this a<ft, by paying the fame to the receiver general of ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for cohering the faid duties, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, at the head office; and if fuch proprietor or proprietors (hall be licenfed from any town in the country to any other town than 'London^ then fuch proprietors (hall clear the faid duties, by i	paying

Hosted by Google

Licenfed pro-prietor of any diligence, etc. to give feveh days notice before he dif-continue the fame.

Poftmafters, etc. to be allowed 3 d. in the pound out of the monies to be accounted for and paid by them.

Penalty off forging any ticket, or uttering the Time.

Application of penalties, if fued for within fix months.

Pecuniary penalties amounting to 50I. where to be fued for.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgn III. c. 51.. 11785^

paying the fame to the perfon duly authorifed,, by comimffion under the hands and feals of three of his Many’s eommiffiqn<-r ers of the (lamp-duties, to receive the fame*, under the penaity of five pounds*

LIII. Provided always, That every fuch licenfedvproprietor or proprietors of any coach, diligence, or other carriage, as afore-laid, who (ball lay down and difcontinuq the ufe of the fame, (hall give notice in writing, feven days at the leaft before he, * (he, or they (hall lay down or difcontinue the. fame, and (hall have fuch notice indorfed upon the back of fuch; his,, her, or their licence or licences, or upon the bond fo to be ,giyen as aforefaid, and from thenceforth, on payment of all. arrears, lhall be no longer charged or chargeable for the fame.

LIV. And it is hereby enadted, That the receiver general at the head office, and the faid other, collectors duly appointed tq receive the duties hereby impeded,: (hall make an allowance to the feveral poftmafters, innkeepers, and, other perfons, li-* cenfed by virtue of this adt to let horfes to hire*, by the miles, ftage, or day, for all monies by them paid on account of the duties by this act impofed on horfes fo hired as. aforefaid; and they (hall be entitled refpedtively to dedudt, for their own ufe, at and after the rate of three-pence in. the, pound, out of the monies by them regularly accounted for and paid to fuch re-> ceiver general, or other collector, according to the directions herein-before contained.

LV. And be it further enadted, That if any perfon (hall falfely make, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be falfely made, forged, or counterfeited, or wilfully aid or affift in the falfe making, forging, or counterfeiting any ticket, nqte, or certificate by this adt authorifed or diredted to be ufed, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, of any of the faid duties; or (hall utter or publifti as true, any falfej forged, or counterfeited ticket, note, or certificate, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and. fucceffors, of any of the faid. duties; every perfon or perfons fo offending,, and being thereof; lawfully convidted, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be levied and applied as herein is diredted and declared.

LVI. And be it further enadted. That all pecuniary penal* ties hereby impofed (hall be divided and diftributed (if a profe-cution,or fait (hall be commenced for the fame within the fpace of fix calendar months from the time of any fuch penalty being incurred,) in manner following ; one moiety thereof to his-Ma?. jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof* with full cofts of fuit, to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame.

LVIL And be it further enadted, That all fuch pecuniary penalties which (hall amount to> the fum of fifty pounds or more, dial 1 be fued for in any of his Majefty’s courts at Weft-minjier, for. offences committed in England and Wales^ or Ber^ ivick upon Tweed, and in his Majefty’s court of feffions, court

of

Hosted by Google

j 5.3 Anno vlcefiino quinto Geor<3 ri Ilf. c. 5 r.	221

of jjufticrary, or court of exchequer in Scotland^ for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of derbt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, prote&ion, privilege, wager of law, or more than imparlance,

(hall be allowed.

LV1IL Provided always, and be it further ena<51ed, That All penalties ftich divifon or diftriburion of the penalties as aforefaid, lb all be, and is hereby confined and reftri<fted to the profecuting or fuing months, to for the fame within the time herein-before For that purpofe li- belong to hi* mited; and that, in default of fuch profecution or fuit within Majefty. the time aforefaid, no informer or informers (hall have or be intitled to any part or (hare of fuch penalties, but that the whole thereof (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, and (hall be recoverable by information, at the inftance of his Majefty’s attorney general, or the lord advocate of Scotland $ any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithftand-in g.

LIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enadled, That it Any juftice

(hall and may be lawful to and for any juftice of the peace, re- m.ay deter-/	j	j	a f / mine 3ny

dding near the place where the offence (hall be committed, to offenceagainft

hear and determine any offence againft this act which fubjedts this act, if the

the offender to any pecuniary penalty, not amounting to fifty penalty be left

pounds *, which faid juftice of the peace is hereby authorifed and than

required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made

in that behalf, to fummon the party accufed, and alfo the wit-

nefles on either fide, and (hall examine into the matter'of fa<51;

and, upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary

confeflion of the party, or by oath of one or more credible wit-

nefs or witnefles, to give judgement or fentence for the penalty

or forfeiture, according as in and by this a & is directed, and to

award and iflue out his warrant, under his hand and feal, for

the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures fo adjudged on

the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof,

in cafe they {hall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to

the party the overplus (if any;) and where the goods of fuch

offender cannot be found fufficient to anfwer the penalty, to

commit fuch offender to prifon, there to remain for the fpace

of fix months, unlefs fuch pecuniary penalty (hall be fooner

paid and fatisfied ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall find him- Perfon ag-

felf or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement of any fuch juf- grieved may

ftice, then he, (he, or they (hall and may (upon giving fecurity quarter frifi-

to the amount of the value of fuch penalty and forfeiture, toge- on3t

ther with fuch cofts as (hall be awarded in cafe fuch judgement

(hall be affirmed,) appeal to the juftices of the peace at the

next general -quarter feffions for the county, riding, or place,

'who are hereby impowered to fummon and examine witneffes

upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in

cafe the judgement of fuch juftice (hall be affirmed, it (hall be >

lawful for fuch juftices to award the perfon or perfons to pay

cofts, occafioned by fuch appeal, as to them (hall feem meet;

Provided always, That if the next general quarter feffions of

the

Hosted by CjOOQIc ‘	s

%

Penalty on witneffes who fhall refufe to appear, or to be examined, etc.

Summonfes of the proprietors of diligences, etc. left with the bookkeeper, etc. fhall be deemed good fervice.

Form of con viction.

Anfro vicefimo qumto Georgii III. c. 51.	[1785.

the peace (hall fall within fix days after fuch conviftion, it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon fo convifted, if he (hall think fit, giving fuch fecurity as aforefaid, to appeal to the next fub* fequent quarter feflions.

LX. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or per-fons (hall be fummoned as a witnefs or witneffes, to give evidence before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this aft, either on the part of the pro-fecutor, or the perfon or perfons accufed, and (hall negleft or refufe to appear at the time and place to be for that purpofe appointed, without a reafonable excufe for fuch his, her, or their negleft or refufal, to be allowed of by fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, or appearing (hall refufe to be examined on oath, and give evidence before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, before whom the profecution (hall be depending, that then every fuch perfon fhall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the futn of forty (hillings, to be levied and paid in fuch manner, and by fuch means as are herein-before directed as to other penalties.

LXI. And be it further enafted, That all fummonfes, iffued by any juftice of the peace, in purfuance of this aft, againft: the owners or proprietors of any coaches, diligences, or other carriages required to be licenfed by this aft, that (hall be left at the inn or other place where the diligence, coach, or other carriage, (hall put up, with the book-keeper or other perfon who (hall keep the books for taking places in fuch coaches, diligences, or other carriages, (hall be deemed good fervice on the owners or proprietors of fuch coaches, diligences, or other carriages, although fuch owners or proprietors (hall not.have a refidence or habitation in fuch inn or place.

LXII. And be it further enafted, That a conviftion in the form, and to the effeft following, (mutatis. mutandis,) as the cafe (hall happen to be, (hall be good and effeftual, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, without dating the cafe, or the fafts or evidence in any particular manner; that is to fay:

BE it remembered. That on. the	day	of	in	the

year of our Lord	at	in	the	county	of

A. B. came before me C. D. one of his Maje/ly9s ju(lues of the peace for the faid county refiding near the place where the offence was committed^ and informed me, that E. F. of	on	the	day

of	noiu laji pajl, at	in the [aid county, did [here

fet forth the faft for which the information is laid; J whereupon the faid E. F. after being duly fummoned to anfwer the faid charge, appeared before me on the	day	of	at	in

the faid county, and having heard the charge contained in the faii information, declared he vjas not guilty of the faid offence, [or, as the cafe may happen to be,] did not appear before me purfuant to the faid fummonSy [or, did negleft and refufe to make any defence againft the faid charge,] but the fame being fully proved upon the oath of G* H. a credible witnefs, [or, as the cafe may happen to be,] acknowledged and voluntarily confefftd the fame to be true; and it

manifefly

Hosted by Google

22J

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51.

tnanifejily appearing to me that he the faid E. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the faid information, I do therefore hereby convift him of the offence afore faid, and do declare and adjudge, that he the faid E. F. hath forfeited the fum of	of lawful	money

of Great Britain, for the offence aforffaid, to le diflributed as the law dir efts, according to the form of thejlatute in that cafe made and provided. Given under my hand and feal, the	day	of

LXIII. Provided neverthelefs, That it (hall and may be law- juftice may fill to and for the faid juftice, where he (hall fee caufe, to miti- mitigate the gate and leffen any fuch penalties as he (hall think fit, reafona- Penalties. ble cofts and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the difcovery as in profecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above fuch mitigation, and fo as fuch mitigation do not reduce the penalties to lefs than a moiety of the penalties incurred, ovei; and above the faid cofts and charges; any thing contained in this a£t, or any other a& of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXIV. And be it further enafled, That the feveral duties Receiver ge-herein-before granted (hall be paid from time to time into the neral of hands of the receiver general for the time being of the duties ft amp-duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who (hall keep a ^ Wanted feparate and diftin<5l account of the feveral rates and duties, and bythisSaa: pay the fame (the neceffary charges of raifing, paying, and ac- into the counting for the fame, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the duties now charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are dire£ted to be paid ; and that in the office of the auditor of the Auditor to faid receipt there (hall be provided and kept a book or books, keepafeparaie in which all the monies arifing from the faid feveral rates and account duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be en- thereot* tered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatsoever.

LXV. And whereas, by an aft made in the ?iineieenth year of his Reciting ap-prefent Majejly's reign, certain duties were granted on licences to be plication of taken out by perfons letting horfes to hire for travelling poJl, and the * certain duties payable on fuch horfes let to hire, and upon certain car- former acts. riages therein mentioned; which duties, with fundry other duties granted in the fame feffion of parliament, were made a fund for payment of the feveral annuities granted by an aft of the fame feffion of parliament; and which faid duties were, by an aft of the twentieth year of his faid Majefly, repealed, and other duties granted in lieu thereof, and made applicable to the fame ufes and purpofes as the duties fo repealed; and by one other aft, of the twenty-third year of his prefent Majejly s reign, certain additional duties ivere granted on Jlage coaches, and other carriages, and were, together with other duties, made a fund for payment of annuities granted by an aft of the fame fejf on of parliament; be it therefore ena&ed. That, Application from and after the firft day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hun- of the duties dred and eighty-five, the yearly fum of eighty-four thoufand f^8na^t y <■	pounds

Hosted by Google

Part of an a<5l of 9 Ann* repealed.

Perfons fued for any thing done in pur-fuance of this act, may plead the general iffue.

and recover treble cofts.

Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII IH. fc. 51.	[1785*

pounds be referved and fet apart, and applied quarterly, at the receipt of the exchequer, out of fuch ihbmes as (hall from tithe to time arife, as Well by the duties granted by this aif, as of the arrears of the feveral duties hereby repealed, and fhall be applied towards paying the annuities granted by the faid ait of the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign ; and that the yearly fum of forty thoufand pounds be alfo referved and let apart, and applied quarterly, at the receipt of the exchequer, out of jfuch monies as (hall from time to time arife there, as well by the faid duties granted by this ait, as of the arrears of the feveral duties hereby repealed, and (hall be applied towards paying the annuities granted by the faid ait of the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s feign; and that out of the monies which (hall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, of the duties hereby repealed, and but of the duties granted by this ait, a proportional part of the two fums of eighty-four thoufand pounds, and forty thoufand pounds, (hail, from the firft day of Augujl, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-five, to the tenth day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, be fet apart and applied towards payment of the annuities granted by the faid feveral aits of the nineteenth and twenty-third years of his prefent Majefty’s reign; and the refidue of the produce of the (aid rates and duties (hall be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences as are direited to be paid and payable purfuant to an ait of this prefent feflibn of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting annuities to fatisfycertain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and drdnahee debentures'.

LXVI. And be it further enaited, That fo much of an ait made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for ejlablifhing a general poft-office for all her Majejlfs dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the fervice of the war, and other her Majejlfs occafons, as reftrains any perfons, other than the poltmatter-general for the tithe being, and the refpeilive deputies and fub- * ftitutes of fuch poftmafter-general, from preparing or providing, or from letting to hire, or furnifhing horfes or furniture for riding poft within this kingdom, (hail be, ahd the fame is hereby, repealed and made void.

LXVII. And be it further enaited, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profe-cuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pur-fuance of this ait, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall or may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdiit (hall be pdffed for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fucb plaintiff or plaintiffs.	'

CAP."

Hosted by

Google

1785.] Anno vicelimo quint6 Georgii III. c. 52.



CAP* LII.	;

An aft fir better examining and auditing the publick accounts of this

kingdom.

WHEREAS the prefent method of accounting for the receipt sy Preamble.

iffiues, and expenditures of the publick moneys before the auditors of the impreft, is become injufficient to anfwer the good purpofes intended thereby; for remedy whereof it is important that a more effeftual method Jhdll be provided in future for examining the pub-, lick accounts of the kingdom, and for preventing, Jo far as poffible, all delays, frauds, and abufes, in delivering in and pajfng the fame: and whereas it is expedient, for the effecting thereof, that the right vefted in the right honourable lord Sondes, and the right honourable John Stuart comtnonly called Lord Vifcount Mountftuart, now iW Cardiff, which they derive from the patents granted to them re-fpeftively, as auditors of the impreji, Jhould ceaje and determine, on due compenfation being made to them for their interejl in the fame ; and that all fees, gratuities, and perquifttes, in the office of the auditors of the impreji, Jhould be forthwith abolijhed; and that every officer and clerk in the faid office or department Jhould be paid by the	;

publick a certain fixed annual falary, in lieu oj all fuch fees, gratuities, and perquifttes: be it therefore enacfled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, From July from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hun- *7$5*the pa-dred and eighty-five, the patents granted by his late and pVe- to^he^udU fent Majefty, under the great feal of Great Britain, to the faid tors of the" lord Sondes, and the faid lord Mountftuart, as auditors of the impreft va-impreft, (hall be vacated; and that all the powers, authorities, cated. rights, privileges, and advantages, thereby granted and given, fhaU ceafe and determine from the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five; from and after which time, no fee, gratuity, perquifite, or emolument, fhall be received or taken by any perfon or perfons whomfoever, employed in the making up, paffing, or auditing any publick accounts under the authority of this a&.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That nothing here- Not to affect in contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to affeCt ijthej: officer# the rights of any officer or minifter of the exchequer, other °fthe exche-than the auditors of the impreft, or any perfon or perfons un- <*uer’ der them.

III.	And whereas it is juft and proper that the faid lord Son^ des, and lord Mountftuart, Jhould have a reajonable and equitable provifion during their lives, in lieu of the profits and emoluments of-the faid offices of auditors of the imprefts, of vMch they are divefied under Compenfa-this aft 1 be it enaCted, That, from and after the faid fifth day auditors in of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, there fhall iieu 0f the be paid, out of the aggregate fund, to the faid lord Sondes, tha* emolument# annual fum of feven thoufand pounds clear of all deductions, of their offi* *Vql. XXXV\	Q.	andces*

Hosted by

Google

ili'

His Majefty may appoint five com mi f-fioners for auditing the publick accounts.

Commiffion-crs to be fworn.

Their oath.

Treafury to appoint officers for preparing pub-lick accounts

and to allow them Salaries, etc.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. C. 52. [1785#

and to the laid lord Mountjluart the like annual fum of feven thoufand pounds clear of all deductions, during their lives re-fpeftively, by equal quarterly payments; the firft payment to be made on or immediately after the tenth day of October following.

IV.	Andy in order effectually to provide fucb examination of: all publick accounts in future as may be neceffary for the fecurity of the publick intereff be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to nominate and appoint five commiffioners, by letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, two of whom (hall be the comptrollers of the army accounts, now and hereafter for the time being; and to grant fixed falaries to each of the faid commiffi-oners, to be paid out of the aggregate fund, not exceeding in the whole the fum of four thoufand pounds clear.of all deductions annually, who (hall be (tiled, The commiffioners for audit* ing the publick accounts, and (hall hold their offices quam diu fe bene gefferint, (except the faid comptrollers of* the army accounts, who (hall continue to be commiffioners^for auditing the publick accounts fo long only as they lhall be comptrollers of army accounts;) and (hall, before they (hall enter upon the execution of the powers veiled in them by this aft, take an oath before the chancellor of the exchequer, which he is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter, the tenor whereof lhall be as followeth ; (that is to fay :)

I Am B. do fwear, That, according to the bejl of my fkill and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the feveralpowers and trufls vejled in me by an aft for better examining and auditing the publick accounts of this kingdom.

So help me GOD.

V.	And be it further enafted. That the lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three of them, (hall be, and he or they are hereby authorifed to appoint fuch . officers and clerks, and other perfons, as (hall appear to them * to be neceffary, from time to time, for making up and preparing for dclaration the feveral publick accounts of the kingdom, with fuch fixed falaries to each as they (hall judge proper; and to allow fuch reafonable fums, as to them (hall feem fit, from > time to time, for ftationary, coals, candles, and other incidental charges to be incurred in the office for auditing the publick accounts, to be paid out of the aggregate fund, net exceeding in the whole the annual fum of fix thpufand pounds clear of all deductions, which (hall be to the feveral officers, clerks, and other perfons, in lieu of all fees, gratuities, and perquifites whatfoever.

VI.	And whereas it is jujl and reafonable that fome provifion ffould be made for certain perfons during their lives, who now hold employments under the before mentioned auditors of the imprejt, and

i	for

Hosted by Google

1785*] Ahno vlcefimo qulnto GeoRGII III. c. 52.’	227

for others who have retired therefrom upon annual allowances paid to them by the faid auditors; be it enafted, That, from and after Annuities to the fifth day of July, one'thoufand feven hundred and eighty- be allowed to five, there (hall be paid put of the aggregate fund to Philip Dear* efquire, deputy to the lord vifcount Mountjluart, and to ^ auditors; John Wigglefworth efquire, deputy to the lord Sondes, the annual fum of three hundred pounds each 5 to John Lloyd, formerly deputy to the lord Sondes, the annual fum of three hundred pounds; and to Charles Harris, formerly one of the clerks in the office of the lord vifcount Mountjluart, the annual fum of two hundred pounds; the faid feveral fums to be clear of all dedunions, by equal quarterly payments, the firft payment to be made on or immediately after the tenth day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That the annuities and to be made payable by this aft to the feveral perfons herein-before	e”	t

named, (hall Ije iffuing and payable out of, and charged and	C

chargeable upd% the duties and revenues which compofe the fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them, (after paying, or referving fufficient to pay, all fuch fum and fums of money as have been direfted by any former aft or afts. of parliament to be paid out of the fame.)	y

VIIL And be it further enacted. That the commiffioners to Commiffion-be appointed under the authority of this aft (hall be, and they ers to be are hereby invefted with all the powers and authorities, and Jhe powers^ ihall be fubjeft to the performance of the fame duties, and lia- etc. of the * ble to the fame controul, which the auditors of the impreft are auditors; now by law, ufage, or cuftom invefted with, or are fubjeft or liable to, except as the fame are or (hall be altered or affefted by this aft; 2nd the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, and to admi-fhall, and they are hereby authorifed to adminifter to every of nifteronthstp the officers and clerks, who (hall be appointed as before direft- 1 eir 0 cers* ed, an oath, for his true and faithful demeanor in all things relating to the due performance of the truft repofed in him.

IX. And be it further enacted. That the faid commiffioners, Commifiion^ or their fucceffors, (hall be, and they are hereby authorifed and ers may call required to call before them, by precepts under their hands, or ^11 perfons1 the hands of any three or more of them, all fuch perfons as who have re-(hall have received any fum or fums of money by way of im- ceived money preft, or in any other manner, for which they (hall be account- by of able, to attend upon them perfonally, from time to time, as imPre >etc' they (hall be required, and to exhibit to them the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, all fuch accounts, books, certificates, warrants, muniments, receipts, or other papers whatfoever, in the poffeffion of fuch perfons, which (hall appear to be neceffary for the purpofes of their examination; and it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorifed, when they (hall fee occafion, to caufe fearch to be made, or extrafts to be taken from the books, rolls, or records, in the cuftody or keeping of

Q_2	any

Hosted by Google

Commiffioners to examine accounts as foon as poffible.

Directions relative to auditing accounts.

Anno vfcefimo quinto GjSorgii III. c. 52. [1785*

any officer or mirii'fter in the court* or in the receipt of the exchequer, without paying any fee or reward for the fame,

X.	And be it further enacted, That the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, (hall try and examine the feveral accounts and vouchers, which (hall be tranfmitted to them from time to time, with as little delay as poflible; and upon trial and examination thereof, (hall make full, juft, and perfect accounts, or declarations of accounts, containing briefly the fum and fubftance thereof in charge and difcharge.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That in auditing and examining all publick accounts, the commiffioners (hall allow fuch articles of difcharge only, as the faid accountants refpe£tively (hall have been duly authorifed to incur, unlefs, upon a fpeciaJ. ftatement of the matter to the lord high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury, the faid commiffioners (hall be directed to make further or other allowances to the faid accountants accordingly, by warrant under the hand of the /aid, lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners of the treafury; *or any three of them.

Cpmmiffion-ers may examine accountants on oath.

Penalty on perfons giving falfe evidence before the commiffion-

ers.

Commiffioners to make up a ftate of accounts, and lay them before the treafury.

XII.	And, for the rendering more ejfcftual all fuch examinations as are intended to he had under this aft, be it enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners, to be appointed by authority thereof, or any three of therir, and they are hereby authorifed and required to examine upon oath (which oath they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorifed tb admi-nifter), all accountants whom they (hall find occafion to call before them, and all other perfons whom the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, (hall think fit to examine, touching the receipt and expenditure of the money forming the charge and difcharge of each account refpe<5tively, and touching all other matters and things neceffary for the due execution of the powers veiled in the faid commiffioners by this a6t.

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any perfon or perfons, in the courfe of their examination upon oath before the commiffioriers, to be appointed as before provided, or their fucceflors, (hall wilfully and corruptly give falfe evidence, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof duly convicted, (hall be, and is and are hereby declared to be fubjeCt and liable to fuch pains and penalties as, by any law now in being, perfons convi&ed of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjeCt and liable to.

XIV.	And be it further enabled. That when the examinations of each account (hall be compleated by the faid commiffioners, they, or any three of them, (hall, and they are hereby required to make up a ftate thereof, and lay the fame before the lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners of the treafury, who, after due confideration of all particulars, (hall grant their warrant to the faid commiffioners to prepare the fame for declaration, in the manner and form which has been accuftomed.

XV.	And be it further enacted and declared* That all ac-

counts

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinfpXjEORGii III. 0.52.	229

counts of the expenditure of the publick money, which have Accounts of •heretofore been paffed in the office of the auditors of the im- expenditure preft, (hall, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand ^0ney tobe feven hundred and eighty-five, fie delivered to the commiffion- delivered to ers to be appointed under the authority of . this a£t, together the commif-with the vouchers belonging thereto.	fioners.

XVI.	And whereas it is neceffary that the commijfioners to be ap-

pointed under the authority of this aft Jbould have early information Auditor to refpe fling the iffues of money from the exchequer to psrfons on account, tranfmit to be it en'a&ed and declared. That the auditor of the exchequer the commif-jhall tranfmit to the faid commiffioners a certificate of all monies	of mo

iffued from the exchequer to perfons by way of impreft, and niesiflued upon account, in like manner as he now doth to the auditors upon ac-

of the impreft.	count.

XVII.	And whereas great Ioffes and inconveniencies have arifen to the publick by fub-accountants not having been put in charge till a long time has elapfed after the monies were iffued to them, be' it enacted, That the paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces, the Paymafter of treafurer of the1 navy, the treafurer of the ordnance, and every the forces, other publick officer who (hall hereafter pay into the hands of the1" any perfon or perfons whomsoever, money fpr .publick fervices, commiffion-by way of impreft, or on account, (hall, within thirty days of ers an ac-the thirty-firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred coun.t °? and eighty-five, and within thirty days of the thirty-firft day of ^°themby December in every future year, tranfmit an account of all fums wayofim-of money iffued or paid by him or them to any perfon or per- preft, etc. ions, for the publick fervice, within the preceding year, to the commiffioners to be appointed under the authority of this ad;

who (hall, and they are hereby required forthwith to tranfmit duplicates of the fame ito his Majefty’s remembrancer in the court of exchequer, who (hall immediately, cm receipt of fuch accounts, put the feveral fums fo iflbed in charge againft the parties, in like manner as is now praelifed with refped to perfons who receive money by way of impreft, and on account, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That no ac-Accountants countant (hall be allowed in his account any fum which he n<Jt to be {hall iffue or pay over to any fub-accountants, unlefs he fhall fu^hey^ll have tranfmitted to the faid commiffioners regular accounts negleift to thereof, in the manner and within the. times above mentioned ; tranfmit an unlefs proof (hall be produced, to the fatisfa&ion of the lord account of, high treafurer, or the .commiffioners of the treafury, that any tfoned^ men~ failure of transmitting the fame did not happen from the wilful

negle& jof the perfon iffuing or paying over the money as afore-faid.	-

XIX. And whereas it is highly important, towards effefling the purpofes intended by this afl^ that the commijfioners to be appointed

. under the authority thereof Jbould be imp owcred to compel accountants Commiffion-* to bring forward their accounts; be it enadled, That the faid ers may com* commiffioners (hall, fa often as they (hall think fit, call upon pelaccount-fuch perfons to whom fums of money have been^ or (hall be fo forward thefr

Q.3	iffued	accounts.

C>30

Sub-accountants to deliver to the commifiion-ers, vouchers for expenditure of monies iflued to them, within certain limited times.

Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRgii III. c. 52. [1785.

iflued and paid, to render an account of the fame to them the faid commiffioners, within a time to be by them limited; and on failure of the accounts being delivered accordingly, within the time fo limited, the faid commiflioners fhall, and they are hereby required to include the names of all fuch defaulters in their certificates, tranfmitted to the office of his Majefty’s remembrancer, in order that the ufual procefs may iflue thereupon ; and alfo, in cafe they (hall fee caufe, they are hereby required to give notice thereof to his Majefty’s attorney general in England, his Majefty’s advocate in Scotland, or his Majefty’s attorney general in any of the colonies or plantations belonging to the crown of Great Britain, as the cafe may require, in order that fuch motions may be made by the faid officers to the court of exchequer, or other proper court, and fuch further or other procefs may be iffued in order to his moving the court of exchequer \n England or Scotland, or the proper court in the colonies or plantations, for fpecial procefs to be iffued againft fuch defaulter or defaulters, as may be deemed neceflary to compel him or them to deliver in his or their accounts^ as directed by the faid commiffioners, unlefs, upon application of the parties, their agents or attornies, to the lord high treafurer, or the com-miffioners for executing that office, on a fpecial ftatement of circumftances to juftify delay, the faid lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury, fhall grant their warrant to flay the procefs for fuch reafonable time as they fhall think fit.

XX.	And be it further enadted and declared, That every fub-accountant to-whom money fhall hereafter be iffued for publick fervices, in-cafe the money fo iffued fhall have been for fervices to be performed in Great Britain, fhall deliver in to the office of the commiffioners to be appointed by virtue of this a<5t, the vouchers for the expenditure thereof, together with an account current, within three months of the end of each year frofm the commencement of his account, unlefs it has been ufual for fuch account to be made up to any fixed period in the year; in which cafe they fhall be delivered within three months of the ufual annual time of the determination of each account refpe&ively; and in1 cafe fuch monies fhall have been iflued for fervices to be performed in any part of Europe out of this kingdom, then the vouchers fhall be delivered within four months of the expiration of each year’s accounts; if in the Weft Indies, the continent of America, or in Africa^ within fix months after the expiration of each year’s accounts; and if in the Eaft Indies, within twelve months after the expiration of each year’s accounts; unlefs it fhall in each and every cafe be made appear, to the fatisfa&ion of the commiflioners of the treafury, that the failure of tranfmitting the fame, within the periods before-mentioned, was unavoidable; in which cafeTuch further delay may be granted, by warrant under the hands of the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three of them, as they fhall judge reafonable ; and in fuch cafes the vouchers fhall be delivered at the expiration of the term of delay fo granted, on pain, upon failure

Hosted by Google

1785,] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. C. 52."	£31

in any of the above-mentioned cafes, of paying fuch fine to his Majefty as the court of exchequer, on application made to them, (hall think fit to fet and impofe; which fine the faid court is hereby authorifed and impowered to fet and impofe accordingly.

XXL And be it further enabled, That procefs (hall in no Procefs not to cafe be iffued from the court of exchequer, againft any fub-ac- iffue againft countant, who is to account to the principal officers of the board g^oun^s of ordnance, or the principal officers and commiflioners of his without di- * Majefty’s navy, the commiflioners for vi&ualling his Majefty’s rections from navy, or the commiflioners for Tick and hurt, refpe&ively, for the treafury. fums which have been iffued to fuch fub-accountants by the treafurer of the ordnance, or the treafurer of the navy, without directions being previously- given for that purpofe by the lord high treafurer, or the commiflioners of the treafury, after a reference of their cafes to the commiflioners of the boards above mentioned refpeCtively, and a report made thereupon. Provided always. That no procefs (hall iffue againft any fuch fub-accountant until twelve months (hall have elapfed from the time ,of the.making up the accounts of the faid treafurer annually.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That when any When fub-fub-accountant or fub-accountants (hall tranfmit to the commif- accountants fioners to be appointed under the authority of this ad, a fuffi- ^fcharge3 cient and fatisfadory difcharge from the principal officers of the from the ofK-ordnance, the commiflioners of his Majefty’s navy, the com- cersoford-miffioners for vidualling his Majefty’s navy, or the commif- nance, etc. fioners of fick and hurt, for any monies he or they (hall have ftnjck received in the faid departments feverally, the faid commiflion- out of the ers (hall tranfmit a duplicate of the fame to his Majefty’s re- impreft roll, membrancer in the court of exchequer, who (hall forthwith

ftrike out the name or names of fuch fub-accountant or fub-accountants from the impreft roll; and fuch fub-accountant or fub-accountants (hall from thenceforth be difcharged from any other or further account for the fame.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded and declared, That, from No article to and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred be allowed in and eighty-five, no article (hall be allowed in the account of expenditure any perfon intruded with the expenditure of the publick mo- ©f publick ney, without a written voucher, or other evidence of the adual money, with-payment of every fum fo claimed to be allowed, notwithftand- out a written ing any allegation qf papers being loft or deftroyed, except on vouc er*e c‘ application to the court of exchequer, who (hall, and they are

hereby authorifed and required, on fuch application, to call before them, as well the faid commiflioners, or fome perfon on their behalf, as the party accounting, and (hall caufe notice thereof to be fent to his Majefty’s attorney general; and after hearing as well the evidence, which (hall be brought on the part of the crown by the faid attorney general, or the faid com-qiiflioners, as that which (hall be brought on the part of fuch accountant, the faid court (hall make fuch order as they (hall

Q^j.	think

2:32

Books, etc. ii the auditors offices to be delivered to the commif -fionere.

Commiffion-ers not to fit In the houfe of commons.

Preamble.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53^ 54. [1785.

think fit; and the feveral officers and perlons, whofe duty it (hall be to audit and make up the accounts, (hall govern them-felves accordingly.

. XXIV. And be it further ena&ed and declared, That all official books, papers, and accounts whatfoevpr, now remaining in either of the offices of the auditors of the impreft, or which have been ufually, or ought to have been kept therein, (hall be deemed to be publick property, and (hall be delivered over to the commiffioners to be appointed under the authority of this act.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it enadted and declared. That no commiflioner appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this afit, ihall, during his continuance in fuch office, be capable of being eledted, or of fitting as a member of the houfe of commons.

CAR LIII.

An aft for fettling an annuity of nine tboufand pounds on his royal highnefs the duke 0/Gloucefter, in lieu of the like annuity payable out of the duties of four and one halfpet centum in Barbadoes and the Leeward Iflands.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majejly has been pleafed to communicate to your faithful commons, that your Majejly havings in the year one thoujand feven hundred and Jixty-feven, fettled an annuity of nine tboufand pounds as a provifion in part for the honourable fupport and maintenance of your Majejly* s dearly beloved brother, the duke of Gloucefter, payable out of the duties of four and one half per centum in Barbadoes and the Leeward Hands; and that your Majejly underjlanding the faidfund is not fufficient for the regularpay-tnent of the faid annuity, and of the other charges upon the fame; and your Majejly having been pleafed to recommend to the confideration of your faithful commons, to make fuch provifion as may appear to be reafonable for fubjlituting fome other fundy out of which the faid annuity may be paid in future: now, we, having taken into con-fideration your Majefty’s moft gracious meffage, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed, &c.

An annuity of 9,000!. per ann. to be paid to tbe duke of Gloucefter, out of the aggregate fund, to commence April 5,1785; andtoJ>e paid quarterly. Commiffioners of treafury to diredfc the auditor to make forth debentures accordingly. Warrant, when figned, to be valid in law. Commiffioners of the treafury, etc. to do all things required by this a<51, without fee. The receipt of the duke of Gloucefter, etc. to be a fufficient difcharge.

CAP# LIV,

An a<ft for better fecuring the duties upon coals, culm, and cinders.

From Aug. 1,1785, collector, etc. not to clear coaftwife, etc. any vefTel laden with coals, culm, or cinders, until the matter ihall deliver two proper certificates; one of which, after being figned, etc. (hall be returned

Hosted by Google

1785.3	Anno vicefimo tjuinto Georg ir III. c. 55.	235

turned to the matter. Any fitter, etc> making default in delivering certificates, to forfeit 50I. Coals cleared coaftwife, and delivered beyond fea, before the duties on exportation be paid, and the owner, before he clears out again, to pay thofe duties before due, and alfo 33. per chaldron. Upon proof of the veflel being forced from the coaft into foreign parts, by contrary winds, etc. a certificate thereof to be granted to the matter, that his coaft bond may be difcharged, etc. Entry and regifter of fitters certificate to be evidence. Penalty to be recovered by acdon or information; one moiety to the King, the other to the profecutor.

Defendants may plead the general iflue, and give the act in evidence, and recover treble cotts.

CAP. LV.

An aft for granting to bis Majejiy certain duties on licences, to be taken out by perjons vending gloves or mittens ; and alfo certain duties on gloves and mittens fold by retail.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje<5ts, the Preamble. , commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards raifing the neceffary fupplies which we have granted to your Majefty in this feffion of parliament, have voluntarily re-folved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral rates	xr

and duties herein-after mentioned; and do moft humbly be-feech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and cfonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in ^ this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of Augufly one thou- From Aug. r, fand feven hundred and eighty-five, there (hall be raifed, levied, *785*	f?!~

collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, l°wmg^duties unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, vendersof ^ the feveral rates and duties following; (that is to fay), all per- gloves: fons uttering or vending in Great Britain, any gloves or mittens, made of filk or leather, or any other material or materials, fhalI annually take out a licence for that purpofe, in manner herein-after prefcribed:

For every licence granted to any perfon fo uttering or vend- For an annual ing fuch gloves or mittens, as aforefaid, there (hall be charged licence, is.: a ftamp-duty of onedhilling:

For every pair of gloves or mittens, made of filk or leather. For every pair •or any other material or materials, above the price or value of of gloves or four-pence, and not exceeding the price or value of ten-pence, which fhall be uttered, vended, or fold by retail in Great Bri* 4^0 iod!^-tain9 there (hall be charged a ftamp-duty of one penny:	id!:

For every pair of gloves or mittens, made of filk or leather, From rod. to or any other material or materials, above the price or value of is. 4d,—2 d.: ten-pence, and not exceeding the price or value of one (hilling and four-pence, which (hall be uttered, vended, or fold by retail in Great Britainthere (hall be charged a (lamp-duty of two-pence;

For

Hosted by Google

Above is. 4<1. —3<h

Duties to be under the management of the commif-fioners of (tamps.

Perfons felling gloves or mittens without a licence, to forfeit aol.

Two commif-fioners may grant licences.

Licences to be renewed annually.

Anno vicefiifio quinto Georgii III. c. 55. [1785.’

For every pair of gloves or mittens, made of filk or leather, or any other material or materials, exceeding the price or value of one (hilling and fourpence, which (hall be uttered, vended, or fold by retail in Great Britain^ there (hall be charged a ftamp-duty of three-pence.

II.	And be it further enabled, That, for the better and more ^ffedtual levying and collecting all the laid duties herein-before granted, the fame (hall be under the government, care, and management of the commiflloners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby, required and impowered to employ fuch officers under them for that purpofe, and to allow fuch falaries and incidental charges as may be neceflary, and to provide and ufe fuch (lamps to denote the faid duties, as fliall be requifite in that behalf, and to-do all other things neceflary to be done for putting this aCl into execution, with relation to the faid rates and duties hereinbefore granted, in the like and in as full and ampje manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, no perfon whatfoever, required by this aCl to be licenfed, (hall, unlefs he or (he be licenfed in manner herein-after prescribed, utter, vend, or fell, any gloves or mittens, made of filk, leather, or any other material or materials, in Great Britain, upon pain to forfeit, for every offence, the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein*after is directed.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the pafling of this a£l, any two or more of his Majefty’s commiflloners, appointed for managing the duties arifing by (lamps on vellum, parchment, and paper, or fome perfon duly authorifed by them, (hall grant licences to fuch perfons who (hall apply for the fame, to fell gloves or mittens, in any city, town, or other place within Great Britain, for the fpace of one year, to commence from the faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day, and upon licences to be firft granted to any perfon or perfons after the faid firft day of Auguft^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the day ,of the date of every fuch licence; and all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall take out fuch licence for felling gloves, or mittens, fliall take out a frefh licence for another year, ten days at lead before the expiration of that year for which he or (he (hall be fo licenfed, if he or (lie (hall continue to fell gloves or mittens \ and (hall in like manner renew fuch licence from year to year, paying d6wn the refpe<5live fums due for the (lamps on fuch licence, &s long as he or (he (hall continue to fell gloves or mittens,

V.	Arjd

- Hosted by CjOO^Ic

1785.] Anno vicefuno quinto Georgii III. c. 55.	235

v. V. And be it further enaCted, That every perfon vending or All perfons expofing to fale gloves or mittens by retail, (hall caufe the words, vending Dealer in Gloves, to be painted or written in large and legible &loves to . characters, either over the door, or in fome vifible place in the ^ords placed front of his or their houfe, (hop, or warehoufe, at the refpe&ive on the front place at which he or they keep fuch gloves for fale, to denote or their (hops, that fuch perfon or perfons is a dealer in gloves, and licenfed etc* for that purpofe: and if any perfon (hall prefume to fell any gloves or mittens by retail, without fixing or hanging out fuch notice as aforefaid, every perfon fo vending or expofing to fale any gloves or mittens (hall, for every pair of gloves or mittens on penalty of fo fold, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered 5a|/foidVei7 and distributed as hereinafter is directed.	p 1 o .

VI.	And be it further^naCled, That if any perfon or perfons Penalty on (hallcaufe the words, Dealer in Gloves, to be affixed or put on affixing fuch the front of his, her, or their houfe or (hop, or warehoufe, with-

out being licenfed as aforefaid, he, (lie, or they fo offending licenced, (hall, for every offence, forfeit the fum of forty pounds.

VII.	And whereas doubts may arife what perfon or perfons may be confidered as a retail dealer or dealers in gloves, within the co?iflrufiien

of this be it therefore enabled and declared. That all per- Who ffiall be fons who (hall fell any lefs quantity than twelve dozen pair of deemed regloves or mittens at one time, to any one perfon, (hall be deem- ^'oves.0* ed a retailer of gloves.

VIII.	And, in order to fecure the duty aforefaid, be it further ena&ed, That every perfon, uttering or vending by retail, or Retailers of expofing to fale, any gloves or mittens liable to the' faid duty Slo^€S to hereby impofed, (hall apply to the commiflioners of (lamps, or commiflion-to the officers appointed by them, for paper tickets, (lamped ers Qf ftapip9 with the feveral and refpe&ive duties hereby impofed, to be for tickets to parted or affixed, by the perfon or perfons fo uttering or vend- be affixed on ing by retail fuch gloves or mittens as aforefaid, to the infide of g*ove8#

the right hand glove or mitten,* in fuch manner and form as the faid commiffioners (hall direCt; and every pair of gloves or mittens, uttered, vended, or fold by any retail dealer, (hall have affixed upon the infide of the right hand glove of each fuch pair,

.fuch (lamped ticket, mark, or device, in fuch manner and form, and in fuch part thereof, as the commiffioners of his Majefty’s damp-duties (hall from time to time direCt.

IX.	And be it further enabled. That if any retail dealer (hall Penalty on vend, utter, fell, or expofe to fale, or if any perfon or perfons

(hall purchafe, or receive in exchange for any other article, any Without a* gloves or mittens, fubjeCl to the (lamp-duties hereby impofed, proper ttamp. unlefs the damp ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the fame (hall be affixed, ,and marked and (lamped as by this a61 is directed, or that (hall have any ticket affixed thereto marked or (lamped with a (lamp or mark of lefs denomination or value than by this aCt is dire&ed to be affixed; every fuch perfon and perfons fo offending (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch pair of gloves or mittens fo fold, uttered, or expofed to fale, or fo bought or received in exchange, the fum of twenty pounds; to

Hosted by Google

2$6	Anno vicefimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 55. [1785.'

be recovered and applied as herein-after is diredted: and if the party fo offending (hall be a retail dealer, licen&d purfuant to this adt, the faid cotnmiflioners of ftamps ihall and may, if they (hall fo think fit, after conviction of the offender, refufe to grant to fuch offender any licence in future.

Not to extend X. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That nothing t° ®ne.llc^n[* in this adt contained lhall extend, or be donftrued to extend, to fngtojuio- l~ any Per^on hcenfed in purfuance of this adt, who (hall fell to ther.	any retailer of gloves or mittens alfo Jicenfed, any gloves qr

mittens, although the (tamp.ticket hereby diredted to be affixed to the fame (hall not be affixed, and marked and ftamped as,by this adt is diredted.

XI. And) to prevent the mark or ftamps hereby dire Red to be ufed, which has been fold with or affixed to any pair of gloves or mittens, from being made ufe of again to affix to any other pair of gloves or

Penalty on mittens, be it enadled. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, with taking off any intent to defraud his Majefty of the duties hereby impofed, cut,

fixing’the3 " tear> or ta^e any mar^ or ftamP> refpedt whereof or by famejto any which any duties are hereby payable for any pair of gloves or other gloves, mittens, or (hall, with the like intent, affix or pafte on in any with a frau-^ glove or mitten, any ticket hereby diredted to be ftamped, the • an entmtem. fame laying been once made ufe of for the purpofe aforeCaid, and (hall hereafter knowingly fell, utter, or expofe to fale, any pair of gloves or mittens with fuch ticket fo fraudulently cut from, taken off, or removed, then, fo often and in every fuch cafe, all and every perfon and perfpns fo offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; to be recovered and applied as herein-after is diredted.

XII.	And, to prevent any perfons from felling or buying any ticket ar tickets which have been before fold and made ufe of for denoting any of the duties by this aft impofed, and for preventing fuch frauds,

Penalty on - be it enadted. That if any perfon (hall, from and after the firft

in*7 aif °fuch'" ^ of

one thousand (even hundred and eighty-five, fell ufed3tickets. or buy any	in	order	to	be again made ufe of, to be

fold with and affixed to any glove or mitten liable to the duty hereby impofed, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

Buyer or fel- XIII. Provided always, and be it enadted. That if either ler infonning buyer or feller of any fuch ticket, or of any pair of gloves or other (hall be mittens not having the proper ticket affixed thereto as aforefaid, indemnified, (hall inform againft the other party concerned in buying or felling fuch ticket, or fuch glove or mitten not having the proper ftamped ticket affixed thereto as aforefaid, the party fo offending (hall be admitted to give evidence againft the party informed againft, and (hall be indemnified from the penalties by him or her incurred.

Glovers, in XIV. And be it further enadled. That where any retail thake a*fe’ t0 ^€a*er *n gl<^v^s and mittens (hall deliver in any bill or charge, rate charge^ ^or aay gl°ves or mittens fubjedt to the duties hereby impofed, for the ftamps.fuch perfon or perfons (hall make a diftindt and feparate charge

for

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anna viedimo quinto Georgii III. c.55."	2:37

for the ftamp Or (tamps- which (hall have been affixed to the gloves or mittens fo charged in fuch bill.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or per- Penalty on fons (hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited counterfeiter forged, any feal, ftamp, or mark, direded or allowed to be ^ amP8* ufed* or provided, made, or ufed in purfuance of this ad, for

the purpofe of denoting the duties by this aft granted, or (hall counterfeit or referable the impreffion of the fame, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, of any of the (aid duties; or (hall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with a counterfeit mark or ftamp thereupon, knowing fuch mark or ftamp to be counterfeited; or if any perfon (hall privately and fraudulently ufe any feal, ftamp, or mark, direded or allowed to be ufed by this ad, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, of any of the faid duties; then every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof convided, (Hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, and all other mat- Powers and

ters and things, preferibed or appointed by any former ad or fJrmer°ftamp

ads of parliament relating to the (lamp-duties on vellum, parch- actrextended

ment, and paper, (hall be of full force and effed with relation to this act.

to the rates and duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and

put in execution for raifing, levying, colleding, and fecuring

the faid new. rates and duties hereby impofed, according to the

true intent and meaning of this ad, as fully, to all intents and

purpofes, as if the fame had feverally and refpedively been

hereby enaded with relation to the faid new rates and duties

hereby impofed.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid*

That all pecuniary penalties hereby impofed, (hall be divided Pecuniary pe-

and diftributed (if fued for within the fpace of fix calendar

rhonths from the time of any fuch penalty being incurred) in months) one

manner following; one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs moiety to his

and fuccefTors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of Majefty, and

fuit, to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform and fue for the ?^er to fame	r	the informer.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That all pecuniary penalties, impofed on any perfon or perfons Penalties for offences committed againft this ad, may be fued for and 7^?^° recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts at Wefiminfter, for of- iu€ °r* fences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of ^Berwick upon Tiveed, and in his Majefty’s court of feffions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information; whefein no effoin, protediori*,-privilege* wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XIX.	Provided always,, and be it further enaded by the au-

thority

Google

Any neighbouring juf-tice may determine offences fub-jecting offenders to pecuniary penalties.

238	Ahnb vicefimo quinto Georgii 111. d. 55. [1785;

No informer thority aforefaid, That fuch divifion or diftribution of the pe-to have any nalties as aforefaid, (hall be, and is hereby confined and reftridt-ihare of pe- ecj to t^e profeciiting for the fame within the time herein-before fuedfor with- f°r ^at PurP°fe limited ; and that in default of fuch profecution In fix months, within the time aforefaid, no informer or informers (hall have or be intitled to any part or (hare of fuch penalties, but that the whole thereof (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and (hall be recoverable in manner aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhalT and may be lawful to and for any juftice of the peace refiding near the place where the offence (hall be committed, to hear and determine any offence againft this adt which fubjedts the offender to any pecuniary penalty; which faid juftice of the peace is hereby authorifed and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, to fummon the party accufed, and alfo the witrieffes on either fide, and. (hall examine into the matter of fadt; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confeffion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, to give judgement or fentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this adl is diredted, and to award and iffue out his warrant under his hand and feal, for the levying any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture fo adjudged on the goods of the offender; and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they (hall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of the offender cannot be found fufticient to anfwer the penalty, to commit fuch offender to prifon, there to remain for the fpace of three months, unlefs fuch pecuniary penalty (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied: and if any perfon or perfons (hall find himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement of any fuch juftice, then he or they (hall and may, upon giving fecurity to the amount of the value of fuch penalty and forfeiture, together with fuch cofts as (hail beawarded, in cafe fuch judgement (hall be affirmed, appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter feffions for the county, riding, or place, who are hereby impowered to fummon witneffes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame ; and in cafe the judgement of fuch juftice (hall be affirmed, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftices to award the perfon or perfons to pay fuch cofts, occafioned by fuch appeal, as to them (hall feem meet.

XXI.	.And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, witneffes who That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fummoned as a witnefs or ^appear!0 witneffes, to give evidence before fuch juftice or juftices of the

peace, touching any of the matters relative to this adt, either on the part of the profecutor, or of the perfon or perfons accufed, and (hall negledt or refufe to appear, at the time and place to be for that pqrpofe appointed, without a reafonable excufe for fuch his, her, or their negledl or refufal, to be allowed of by fuch Juftice or juftices of' the peace before whom the profecution

(hall

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions.

Penalty on

Hosted by

by Google

1785.] Anno yicefimo qujnto Georgii IIL c.55.	239

fhall be depending, that then every fuch perfbn (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of forty (hillings; to be levied and paid in fuch manner, and by fuch means, as is herein-before diredted as to other penalties,

XXII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That the juftice or juftices of the peace before whom any of- How juftices fender (hall be convidled as aforefaid, (hall caufe the faid con- toproceed for vidtion to be made out in the manner and form following, or c°nvl&lonof in any other form of words to the fame effedf, mutatis mutandis; 0 en ers* that is to fay:

BE it remembered., Thai on the	day	of	Form of con-

in the year of our Lord	in	the county of viction.

A. B. ef	was	convitted	before me

C. D. one of his Majejiys juftices of the peace for the faid county, reftding near the place where the offence was committed, for that the faid A. B. on the	day of	now	lajl paji, did

[here (late the offence as the cafe may be], contrary to theJiatute in that cafe made and provided; and 1 do declare and adjudge that he the faid A. B. hath forfeited the fum of	of lawful

money of Great Britain, for the offence aforefaid, to be diftributed as the law directs.

Given under my hand and fealy the	day	of

XXIII.	Provided neverthelefs. That it (hall and may be law- Juftice may ful to and for the faid juftice, where he (hall fee caufe, to miti- mitigate pe-gate and leffen any fuch penalties as he (hall think fit, reafon- nal-es# , able cods and charges of the officers and informers, as well in

making the difcovery as in profecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above fuch mitigation, and fo as fuch mitigation do not reduce the penalties to Jefs than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the faid cofts and charges, any thing contained in this adt, or any other adt of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding; and no fuch conviction (hall be removed by certiorari into any court whatfoever.

XXIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the feveral duties herein-before granted (hall be paid. Duties to be from time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for the paid into the time being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and exchequer, paper, who (hall keep a feparate and diftindt account of the feveral rates and duties, and pay the fame (the neceflary charges

of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time and in fuch manner as the duties now charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are diredled to be paid; and that in the office and entered of the auditor of the faid receipt (hall be provided and kept a feparate from book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid ali otlw8-feveral rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, ihall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any ac-,

count

Hosted by Google

Application

thereof.

Recital of 6 Geo. 3. c. 19,

The recited act extended to all foreign leather cut or prepared in' order to be made into gloves or mitts.

Defendants may plead the general iflue,

and have treble cofts.

Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. c.55. [*785-

count whatsoever 5 and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all other charges and ex-pences as are direfted to be paid and payable purfuant to an aft of this prefent feflkm of parliament, intituled, An aft for, granting annuitus to fatisfy certain navy, victualling) and tranfport bills* and ordnance debentures.

XXV.	And whereas by an amade in the flseth year of the reign of his prefent MajeJ}y, intituled, An a6t for the more effectual encouragement of the trade and manufafture of leather gloves and mitts in this kingdom, feveral forfeitures and penalties were inflicted to prohibit and prevent the importation and fale of foreign manufactured leather gloves and mitts in this kingdom: and whereas the good purpofes intended by the faid aft may be evaded by the importation of foreign leathery which is not completely made into gloves and mitts, but is cut into the form of gloves and mitts, called Shapes or Tranks, to the great detriment of many of bis Majeflys fubjefts, who are employed in the manufacture of leather gloves and mitts: for remedy whereof, be it therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the firft day of Auguflj one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, the faid recited adfc (hall extend, and be conftrued to extend, to all foreign leather cut into the form of gloves or mitts, called Shapes or Tranks, or which (hall be cut or prepared in any other manner or form, in order to be made into gloves or mitts, and are not proper or fit to be ufed for, and applied to any other purpofe whatfoever; and the feveral penalties and forfeitures inflidled by the faid recited aft, and every claufe and provifo therein contained, un-lefs in any cafe where any alteration has been made by any fub-fequent aft of parliament which is now in force, (hall be applied, praftifed, and carried into execution, for the purpofe by this aft intended, as fully and effeftually as if the faid recited aft, and every article, claufe, and provifo thereby enafted, had been again repeated and inferted in this prefent aft.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted, fer any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of any claufe, matter, of thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall or may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

C A Pi

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vlcefimo quinto G$oRGII III. c. 56.	$41

CAP. LVL

An aft for more effeftually preventing deceits and frauds in the manufacturing of cordage for Jhipping,and to prevent ihe illicit importation of foreign-made cordage.

WHEREAS an aft of parliament was made in the thirty- Preamble* ' fifth year of the reign of ®hteen Elizabeth, (intituled, An EUz. c. $4 aCt for the avoiding of deceit ufed in making and felling of twice-laid cordage 5 and for the better preserving of the navy of this realm ;) which aft hath been found infvfficient for the purpofis thereby intended; and various other deceits and frauds are frequently praftifed in the manufacturing of cordage for /hipping ; and whereas fuck deceits and frauds might be prevented'for the future, if the /did aft was repealed? and fome further and other provifions and regulations given and made for that purpofe: nr. ay it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confeni of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That* Said act re* from and after the twenty-fifth day of July, one thoufand feven pealed, hundred and eighty-five* the above-mentioned aCt (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the faid Froth Juhrif* twenty-fifth day of July7 no perfon or perfons whofoever (hail *7&5» neper* life or caufe to be ufed in the manufacturing of cables, hawfer s, or other ropes, for the ufe of (hipping, or (hall knowingly vend cordage for or fell any cables, hawfers, or other ropes, for the ufe of Jfhip- (hipping, in ping, in the manufacturing whereof there (hall be ufed any which any . hemp, ufually known or diltinguilhed by the refpeClive names ^Hed Short pr deferiptions of fhort chucking, half clean, whale line, or Chuckiir* tltit other toppings, codilla, damaged hemp bought at publick; or other Tales, or any hemp whatfoever, from which the ftaple part thereof (hall have been taken away by the manufacturer 5 and if any perfon or perfops (hall, after the faid twenty-fifth day of July, ufe or caufe to be ufed, in the manufacturing of any cable, hawfer, or other rope, for the ufe of (hipping* or (hall knowingly vend or fell any cable, hawfer, or other rope* for the ufe of (hipping, in the manufacturing whereof there (hall be ufed any hemp, ufually known or diftinguilhed by the refpeCtive names or deferiptions of (hort chucking, half clean, whale line, or other toppings, codilla, damaged hemp bought at publick or other fales, or any hemp whatfoever, from which the ftaple part thereof (hall have been taken away by the manufacturer, every fuch perfon, being the manufacturer of fuch cable, hawfer, or other rope, (hall forfeit and lofe every fuch onpenattvnf cable, hawfer, or other rope, and alfo a fum of money equal to forfeiture,etc, treble the value thereof; and every perfon who (hall knowingly vend or fell fuch cable, hawfer, or rope as aforefaid, not being the manufacturer thereof, (hall forfeit a fum of money equal to treble the value thereof.

Vox. XXXV.	R	IIL And ’	.

Hosted by

Google

*42	Anno	vicefimo	qulnto	Georgii	III.	C.5&	[1785.

III.	for the letter dijlinguijhing the quality of cables, haw-fers9 and other ropes, /ir /fo #/£ of Jhipping, be it further enabled.

Cordage to That, from and after the faid twenty-fifth day of July, when-ever an^	hawfer* or roPe as aforefaid, (hall be manufac-

inferior.P * tured in the whole, or in part, of any hemp, the ufe whereof is not prohibited by this ad, and the (taple and quality whereof (hall be inferior to clean Pettrfburgh hemp, fuch cable, hawfer, or rope as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and taken to be inferior cordage, and the manufacturer thereof (hall diftinguifh fuch cable, hawfer, or rope as aforefaid, by running into the fame, from end to end of each cable, three tarred-mark yarns, fpun with turn contrary to that of rope yarn, and alfo one like tarred yarn in every other rope, for the ufe of (hipping, and by marking or writing on the tally thereof the word Staple or Inferior, as the cafe (hall be; and every manufacturer making default herein (hall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings for every hundred weight of fuch cable, hawfer, or rope.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That, from and after the faid twenty-fifth day of July9 whenever any new cable, hawfer, or other rope for the ufe of (hipping, (hall be vended or fold by the manufacturer or manufacturers thereof, there (hall be affixed thereon a tally, containing his or their name or names, ligned by him or themfelves, or his or their attorney or attornies, together with the name of the place where the (ame (hail have

•on penalty of been manufactured; and if any fuch manufacturer or manu-10s. per hun- fa<fturers^ or any other perfon or perfons whofoever, fhail vend or fell any fuch cable, hawfer, or other rope,'without having fuch tally thereon as aforefaid, he or they (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten fhillings for every hundred weight thereof.

.	V. And be it further enabled, That if any rope maker or

roPe ma^ers Put’ or	or knowingly permit or fuffer

cordage.^ to Put> ^ls or t^le^r name or names on the tally of any cable, hawfer, or other rope for the ufe of (hipping, not being his or their own proper manufacturing; or if the vender or proprietor of any fuch cable, hawfer, or other rope as aforefaid, or any other perfon whofoever, fhail wilfully and knowingly put or mark, upon the tally to be affixed thereon, the name or names of any perfon or perfons, not being the manufacturer or manufacturers thereof, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit, for .every fuch offence, the fum of twenty pounds.

Penalty on VI. And be it further enabled. That if any perfon or perfons making cables fhail make, or caufe to be made, any cables of any old or worn of old (tuff,	which	lhall	contain	above feven inches in compafs, then

c'	every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and lofe four times the

value of every fuch cable fo by him or her made, or caufed to be made, as aforefaid.

Penalties and VII. And be it further enabled. That all pecuniary penalties forfeitures or forfeitures, by this abt impofed, which (hall exceed the (urn ^ve Pounc^s> anc* may De recovered by abtion, bill, c°ve e plaint, or information, in any of his Majetty’s courts of record

, &

Manufacturers to affix their names, &c to new cordage, before fold,

-cred weight.

Penalty on

covered and applied.

Hosted by

Google

1785-] Anno vlcefimo quinto Georgii lil. c. 56.	s»4|

at Weftminjler* wherein no effoin, privilege, proteftion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed; and that all pecuniary, penalties or forfeitures; by this aft impofed, which (hall not exceed the fum of five pounds; lhall be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of the goods 1 and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and feal of any juftice of the peace for the county, city; or place, wherein fuch offender or offenders (hall refide, which warrant every fuch juftice is hereby impowered to grant, upori the information or teftimony of two or more credible witnefles upon oath ; and the overplus (if any) of the money ariftng by fuch diftrefs and fale, lhall be rendered, upon demand, to the owner or owners of fuch goods and chattels, after dedufting thereout the charges and expences of fuch diftrefs and fale; and in cafe fufficient goods and chattels of fuch offender or offenders cannot be found, and fuch penalty or forfeiture lhall not be forthwith paid, fuch juftice thall, and is hereby authorized to caufe fuch offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol or houfe of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than feveti days, or until fuch penalty or forfeiture, and all cofts and charges attending the fame, be paid; and all fuch penalties and forfeitures, and alfo all cordage which lhall be forfeited, in pur-fuance of this aft, lhall be paid and delivered to the perfon or perfons who lhall fue or profecute for the fame; and it lhall be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons to fell, or otherwife difpofe of fuch cordage, (after being -cut into lengths, not exceeding' twdve feet), to and for his or their own ufe and benefit, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwith-Handing. ,

VIII.	And whereas* by virtue of the laws now in being, certain, duties are charged upon or payable for or in refpeCt of foreign-mad'e cordage imported into this kingdom: and whereas the majiers of Bri-tith /hips and vejfels* navigated into this kingdom* do frequently ujl and Import great quantities of cordage made and manufactured info-	-

reign parts* without paying the faid duties for or in refpeft thereof to the great prejudice of the manufacture of cordage for flipping within this kingdom* and to the diminution of the publick revenue: for preventing the like praftice for the future, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid twenty-fifth From juJy day of July, whenever any Ihip or veffel belonging to 2ny of veSels his Majefty’s fubjefts refident in Great Britain, or any of the Britijh colonies, having on board any foreign-made cordage,. fe&s, having (hall be navigated into any port within this kingdom, the matter on board fo-of fuch Ihip or veffel lhall, at the time of making his entry or reign-made report of fuch Ihip or veffel at the cuftorti-houfe where the fame lhall be entered, alfo make an entry or report, upon oath, thereof on ■ of all the foreign-made cordage on board of fuch (hip or veffel, entering inttf for or in refpeft of which the faid duties fhall not have been anyBritifii before paid (Handing and running rigging in ufe excepted) j and polt# fuch matter (hall, before fuch fhip or veffel lhall be cleared by

R %	the

Hosted by

Google

Penalty on default.

frot to extend to cordage brought from the Eaft Indies, &c*

Anno vicefkno quinto GeoRGH III. c. 56. [1785*

the officers of the euftoms inwards, where any difcharge (hall be made of her’lading, pay to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, the like duties for or in refpedf of all fuch foreign-made cordage as (hall be fpecified or mentioned in the faid entry of report, as by the laws now in being ^re charged upon or payable for or in refpedt of any foreign-made cordage imported into this kingdom; and if the matter of any fuch (hip or veffel (hall make default herein, all fuch foreign-made cordage as aforefaid as fhall be on board fuch (hip or veffel (hall be forfeited to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and fuch matter (hall, for every fuch offence, alfo forfeit the fura of twenty (hillings for every hundred weight thereof.

IX.	Provided always, That nothing herein-before contained (hall be deemed, conftrued, or taken to charge or make liable any captain or matter of any (hip or veffel coming from the Eaft Indies, with any duty for or upon account of (uch (hip or veffel having any foreign-made cordage on board, fuch cordage having been, by fuch captain or matter, a&ually brought from the Eaft Indies.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That nothing in this act contained fhall extend to the materials at prefent ia * the ufe of any (hips or veffels that were built abroad before the patting of this a6t, and are the property of the fubjedts of Great Britain.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That if any perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any matter or thing to be

«uarurfefhe ^one *n Pur^uance this adt, and for which no particular me-5ons.er C~ tliod °f relief is herein-before appointed, fuch perfon may, within four calendar months after fuch matter or thing (hall; have been fo done, appeal to the juftices of the peace, at their general quarter feffions, to be holden for the county, city, or place, wherein the caufe of appeal (hall have arifen, the appellant firft giving, or Caufing to be given, fourteen days notice at the lead in writing, of his or her intention to exhibit fuch appeal, and the matter thereof, to the perfon or perfons appealed againft, and, within four days after giving fuch notice, entering into a recognizance before fome juft ice of the peace for fuch county, city, or place, with two fufficient fureties, conditioned to try fuch appeal at, and abide by the order of, and pay fuch tcofts as (hall be awarded by, the juftices at fuch general or .quarter fettions; and the faid juftices at fuch feffions, upon due proof of fuch notice being given, and of the entering into fuch recognizance as aforefaid, (hall hear and finally determine the ,caufes and matters of fuch appeal in a fummary way, and award duch cofts to the party appealing or appealed againft as they lhali think proper ; and the determination of fuch juftices (hall fce binding, final, and concluiive, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever,

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no order, verdidt, judgement, or other proceeding, made touching Of concerning any of the matters aforefaid, or touching the conviction

Perfons aggrieved may

rffVoceedingfl «?ot to be kuafhed;

Hosted by

Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo qulnto Georgii III* c* 56.

vision of any offender againft this adt, (hall be quafhed or vacated for want of form only, or be removed or removeable, by certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefiminftery any law or fta-tute to the contrary hereof in any wife not with (landing: and where any diftrefs (hall be made for any fum or fums of money to be levied by virtue of this adt, the diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaffers, on account of any defedt or want of form in the fummons, convidtion, warrant of diftrefs, or other proceeding relating thereto; nor (hall the party or parties diftrainitig be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaffers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which (hall afterwards be do no by the party or parties diftraining; but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity (hall and may recover full fatis-fa<5ion for the fpecial damage in any adtion upon the cafe; provided that no plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall recover, in any adtion, for fuch irregularity, if fufficient tender of amends hath been made to him, her, or them, by or on behalf of the defendant or defendants, before fuch adtion brought.

XIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Limitation of That if any adtion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted a<fti°ns* againft any perfon or perfons, for any matter or thing to be done

in purfuance of this adt, every fuch adtion or fuit (hall be commenced within three calendar months next after the caufe of adtion (hall have arifen, and not afterwards, and (hall belaid and tried in the county, city, or place, where the fame (hall arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in General iffue* fuch adtion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this adt, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the matter or thing for which fuch adtion or fuit (hall be commenced, was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt: and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch adtion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be laid in any other county or placethan as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon fuch verdidt, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their action or fuit, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have Treble cofts,; treble cofts, and (hall have fuch remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in any other cafes by law.

XIV.	And be it further enadted, That this adt (hall be Publick adt* deemed a publick adt; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as

fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.



nor diftrefs deemed unlawful, for want of form#



CAP,

Hosted by Google

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c.57,58. [1785.' C A P. LVII.

An aft to exempt carriages, carrying the mail,from paying tolls at any turnpike gate in Great Britain.

preamble* TT>r HER E A S by fever al afts of parliament, made for repair-

*	; .	'	YV ing particular roads in this kingdom, carriages, horfes, and

ether cattle, employed in the conveyance of the mail or packet, are ex-Cmpt from the payment of the tolls directed to be levied by fuch afts : $md whereas, by fiveral other afts of parliament, horfes only that are employed in carrying the mail or packet are exempt from the payment of the faid tolls; and whereas it may be of advantage to the publick that the mail, or packet, flmld be conveyed to differefit parts of the kingdom by carriages or publick diligences, which renders it expedient that all carriages, as zvell as horfes and other cattle, conveying the mail or packet from one part of this kingdom to another, Jhould be exempt from the payment of tolls at all and every turnpike, toll-gate, or bar, frefted or fit up by authority of parliament; be it therefore jena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the ^dvice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and

*	commons,	in	this	prefent	parliament	aflembled,	and	by	the	au-

Frora julv 15, thority of the fame, Th^t, from and after the fifteenth day of 5785, all car- 'July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five,’ all carriages iortVs’ carr _ ‘tyhat defeription foever, or horfes, which (hall be employed fng the mail, fn-conVeying from one part of this kingdom to another the £prfipted * mail or packet, which (hall be made up under the authority or

direction of his Majefty’s poftmafter general, or his deputy or

*	deputies,	fhall	be,	and	the	fame	are hereby exempted, freed*

and difeharged from the payment of any tolls whatfoever that (hall or pa ay be demanded for the paffage of carriages or horfes, through any turnpike, toll-gate, or bar, at which any tqll is collected by any a& or acis of parliament now in force; and all turnpike keeper's or toll colledtors are hereby directed and required to permit fuch carriages and horfes to pafs through all and every turnpike, toll gate, or bar, without demanding any

-	toll	or	duty	for	fo	doing; any thing in any a.6t or a<5ts of par-

liament, contained to the contrary notwithltanding.

C A P. LVIII.

An atI for the encouragement of the pilchard fijhery, by allowing a •	farther	bounty	upon	pilchards	taken, cured, and exported.

preamble. *TTTHERE AS by an aft of parliament, made in the fifth year V V of the reign of the late King George the fir ft, intituledr, 5 Geo, 1. c. An a61 for recovering the credit of the Britifb fifhery in foreign parts ; and better fecuring the duties upon fait, it is, among other things, enafttd, That a certain bounty Jhould be paid Jor every cafk or 'vejjel of pilchards, exported from any port or place in Great Britain into< parts beyond the jeas, under the rejlriftions and regulations in the faid aft mentioned: and whereas by another aft, made in the third pear the reign of the late King peorge the Second^ intituledP An * " . * ** -

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGH III. c. 58;	247

ad for taking off certain duties on fait, and for making good 3 Geo. a. c. any deficiencies in the funds that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced annuity, payable to the Eaft India company^ on the aggregate fund; and for relief of Matthew Lyon executor of Matthew Page deceafed, in refped of the duty for fait loft by the overflowing of the river Merfey, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-four; further provifms are made for the continuance, and refpeffing the payment of the before mentioned bounty: and whereas it has been founds by experience, that the pilchard fi/hery hath of late years been dccreafmg, and great Ioffes have been fujlained by the adventurers concerned in the fold fijhery, infomuch that the number of fuch adventurers, and of the craft therein employed, is confderably diminifhed; and there is reafon to apprehend, that the benefit arifing from the faid fijhery to the trade and navigation of-this kingdom may be wholly lofl, unlefs a further bounty be allowed for a limited time; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That, for every cafk or veffel of pilchards, containing fifty gal- The bounty Ions, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity thereof, of 73. on the which (hall be exported from any port or place in Great Bri- of pUchards, tain into parts beyond the Teas, between the twenty-fifth day of increafed to June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and the 9s-for all to twenty-fifth day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred andeigh- be, exported ty-fix, upon which the perfon or perfons exporting the fame *5^785, and ,fhall be intitled to the bounty of feven (hillings, by virtue of or jUne under the faid two feveral ads herein-before mentioned, an additional bounty of two (hillings (hall be paid and payable to fuch perfon and perfons, lo intitled to the faid bounty of feven lhillings, at fuch times, in fuch manner, by fuch perfon and perfons, and out of fuch monies as the faid bounty of feven lhillings is, by the faid two feveral ads, or either of them, dU reded to be paid.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That the fame rules Regulation* and regulations (hall be in force with refped to the pilchards in the ad 6f exported within the time herein-before mentioned, in order to 5 the° prevent the relanding or reimporting thereof, and the owners landing of thereof (hall be funjed to the fame penalties, in cafe of reland- pilchards, to ing, or any other fraudulent proceedings, in order to obtain the be in force faid bounties granted and payable by this ad, as, by the faid

ad paffed in the fifth year of the reign of the late King George 1 the Firft, are prefcribed and inflided, with regard to fiih cured in and exported from that part of Great Britain called ' England.

III.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Clauferelative /where any fi(h, entitled to the bounty granted by this ad t° fifo lo& or upon exportation thereof, (hall be loaden for exportation, fPoiled*

and duly entered and paffed by the proper officer, and the faid fiih {hall be loft or fpbiled before the (hip’s proceeding on her

R 4	voyage.

Hosted by Google

148	Anno	vicfefWd	quinto GfioRGTi HI. c. 58.	[1785;

voyage, then the proper officer of the port or ports, where ftich fiin fo loft or fpoiled was or ftiall be entered, (hall, upon due proof thereof, made upon oath before any of the chief officers of fuch port (who are hereby irtipbWered to adhiinifter the fame), by the proprietor or proprietors of fuch filh, or his oi* their agents, give & debenture for the bounty granted by this as if fuch fiih had been a&ually exported to parts beyond the feas; provided that the faid fifh was funk in the fea or port where the faid fhip was loft or deftroyed, in the flight of the '	'	proper officer, where any of the faid fifti (hall come aftiore, and

that no ufe be made of the faid fifti by the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agents; and the faid officer is hereby required to caufe fuch fifti to be burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, any thing in this or any other adt to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

veffefs '	Pereas	many vejfels or boats, the length of which is

employed inS &Jsater than in the proportion of three feet and an half to one foot in the pilchard breadth, are commonly employed, and are necejfary to be employed in fishery are the pilchard finery; which vejfels or boats, together with all the fubject to g00tfs ia$en 'thereon, and their tackle and furniture, are fubjefted to -tortei ure y f^f^^ fry an aft ma(ye \n tfrg tweniy fourth year of the reign of ° ~ *	his prefent Majefty, intituledr An ac5t for the more effectual pre-

vention of fniuggling in this kingdom; unlefs the fame arelicenfed as the faid aft dir efts: and whereas it is expedient that an eafy method of obtaining fuch licences fiould be provided for the owners of fuch vejjels or boats, adventurers in the Jaid fifhery, be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it ftiall and may be lawful for the officer, appointed to cblledt the duties on fait in

..... any port, harbour, or creek in this kingdom, and every fuch

icences to* the officer is hereby directed and required, upon demand of the owner or owners of fuch veffel or boat, and fecurity given as herein-after mentioned, to grant to fuch owner or owners of fuch veffel or boat a licence, to be fubferibed by fuch officer, fpecifying the tonnage of fuch veffel or boat, and deferibing the built thereof with refpedl to length and breadth, and who is or are the owner or owners thereof; which licence the faid officer is hereby required duly to regifter, and no fee, gratuity, ipr reward, ftiall be demanded or received for the granting of fuch licence, nor for the regiftering of the fame; and the owner pnd owners of fuch veffel or boat (hall give fufficient fecurity, by bond, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in double the value of fuch veffel or boat, to be approved by, and to the fa-fisfadUon of fuch officer, (which bond the faid officer is hereby diredled and required to provide, without demanding or receiving any fee or reward for the fame, except the ftamp-duties pay-^h°°h'^dn8 a^e thereupon), with condition that fuch veffel or boat (hall |ne boady not be employed in the importation or landing of any tea or foreign fpirituous liquors, or any prohibited or other goods, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid adt, made the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or of any other aft, or in the exportation of any goods which

ar^

94 Geof 3. *•47-

Collectors of .folt duties in any port, etc. Ito grant H

owners of fuch. velTels, on proper fe-. purity being giypp.

Hosted by

Google

*7? 5*1	Anno vicbfiaio qulntb GfebR&il tIL C*	249

ate of ifiay Be prohibited to be exported from this kirigdbrrt, or in the relanding of any goods whatsoever, contrary to law, which are entered outwards for exportation, for any drawback or bounty, dr which hre or may be prohibited to be ufed at worn iri Great Britain \ on failure whereof fdch licence (hall be void and of no force or effect, and fuch yeiflel or boat (hall be liable to feizure and profecution, in'the fame manner as if no fuch licehce had been granted.

V.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforfefald, That if ally Defendants

perfon or perfons (hall, at any time, be fued or profecuted for	iffueC

any thing by him or them done or executed in purfUance ofgeneia 1 u 3 this a6l, he or they (hall or may plead the general iflue, and

give this av5t and the fpecial matters in evidence for his defence; and if upon trial a verdict pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuit, difcontinue, or forbear profecuting the faid adtidris, then fuch defendant or de^ fendants (hall have double cofts to liitri dr them awarded againft and recover fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs; for which cofis, he (hall have the doubIe like remedy as in other cafes where cofts are by law given to defendants.

VI.	And be it further feria&ed, That this aft (hall be ddfcmdd, Publick act. taken * and allowed, in all courts of law, as a publicfc a<5t;

and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and others whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

C A P. L1X.

An a£t for granting to Bis Majefty a certain him of money, to be faifed by a lottery.

650,000!. to be raifed by £ lottery, which is 16 con fid of 50,000 tickets, at 13I. each. Books have been opened at the bank for that purpofe,

' and the Whole 650,0001. has Been fubfefibed, and a depofit of if. 6s. made for each ticket. All perfons who have made depofits, purfnaflt to the refoiution of the houie of commons, are required to p^y the remainder of their fubferiptions, viz. ii!. 14s. for each ticket at the times specified, namely, il. 19s. on or before July 25, *785; il. 6s. on or before the 16th of Auguft following; il. 6s. on or before the afith of September following; il. r$*. on or before the 17th of October following; il. 19s. on or before the a8th of November following 5 il. 6s. on Or before the 15th of December following; and the remaining fum of xl. 19s. on or before January 9, 1786. Every contributor paying 13I. to have a lottery ticket, and a lhare upon each fortunate ticket, having paid his proportion of the faid 650,0001. Gaftiier to give fe’eiifitjv to the good liking of the commiflioners of the treafury; and to all monies received into the exchequer. Comniiffioners of the treafury iftipowered to apply the money, paid in by the cafhier, to fuch fervices as Avail have beeb Voted by the commons in parliament. 500,000!. the amount of the prizes* to be paid out of any fupplies granted this feffion. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method pf the lottery books to be as ufual. The ticket:

LOTTERY for 1785.

THE bearer of this ticket will, in purfuance of an act made in the twenty-fifth year of his prefect Majefty’s reign, beintitied to fuch

beneficial

Hosted by Google

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c.59.' [1785.

beneficial chance as Ihall belong thereto, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and under the directions of the faid act.

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the calhiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Calbiers to return the books, with the undifpofed tickets, with an account of the monies paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or filk; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of fortunate tickets are, a of ao,oool. each; 3 of ib,oool. each; 5 of 5000I. each; 10 of a,oool. each; 15 of i,oool. each; 30of 500I. each5 100 of 100I. each; 150 of 50I. each; 16,275 of 20I. each: and alfo i,oool. to the firft-drawn ticket of the firft day; i,oool. to ditto the 4th day; i,ooo1. to ditto the 7th day; i,oool. to ditto the 10th day; i,oool. to ditto the 13th day; x,eoo1. to the firft-drawn ticket the 16th day; x,oool. to the laft-drawn. Tickets of the laft-mentioned books to be rolled up and tied. Publick notice to be given of putting- the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb*. 6,1786. Method to be obferved in drawing, &c. as ufual. To draw until the whole number of 16,690 fortunate tickets, and one more for the laft-drawn, be completely drawn. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the fums, to be printed. Difputes to be adjufted by the managers. Forging tickets, &c. felony without benefit of clergy: managers may apprehend and commit the offender, &c. Offenders (not in prifon) difcovering perfons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50I. reward. Provided that no attainder for any fuch offence, to work corruption of blood, etc. Managers to be fworn. The oath:

1A.B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in purfu-ance of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-fifth year of hia Majefty’s reign, do fwear, That I will faithfully execute the truft repofed in me; and that I will not ufe any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any .perfon to ufe any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myfelf, or any other perfon whatsoever; and that I will do the utmoft of my endeavours to prevent any undue or iinifter practice to be done by any perfon wbatfoever; and that I will, to the beft of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid act.

To be adminiftered by two managers. Cafhier may receive the fums fubfcribed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the fame; which Ihall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 13I. fo paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depofits with refpect to the lottery; and the tickets for fuch fums to be delivered into the exchequer. Commiffioners of the trea* fury may reward the managers, etc. as they Ihall think fit. The 500,0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted this feflion; and ihall be paid to the proprietors, with* out any deduction, on June 1, 1786, etc. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, etc. and figned by the major part of the managers. Commiffioners of the treafury impowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this act. No fee to be taken for receiving or .paying contribution-monies, or for any receipts, etc. on penalty of aol. Perfons fued in execution of this act, may plead the general iflfue, and yecover treble cofts.

CAP*

Hosted by

Google

*7%*1 Anno vicelimo quinto GEORGii III. c. 60.	251

C A P. LX.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for providing a compenfation to the clerks in the offices of the principal fecretaries of ftate, for the advantages fuch clerks enjoyed before the commencement of an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for eftablifhing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the poft, between Great Britain and Ireland,

3,197,460]. 3s. jod. iq.l granted out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the current year; to*be ifiued by the treafury accordingly. Treafury impowered to raife the fum of 1,197,4601. 3 s. 10 d. aq. gr any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the finking fund. All perions who lhall lend any money upon the credit of this aft to have a tally of lpan, with orders for repayment of the money* with ihtereft. Orders to be regiftered in courfe. No undue preference to be given in payment. No fee to be taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full cofts. Undue preference in point of regiftry or payment, fubjeft to an aftion of debt, or on the cafe, and to pay the value of the value of the debt, and full cofts, and alfo to forfeit his office.

Auditor, etc. neglefting his duty, liable for damages, etc. to be recovered at Weftminfter. No undue preference in the regiftering, where orders are brought the fame day; nor if fubfequent orders are paid before others not brought in courfe, fo as money be referved for the preceding orders. Power of affignment, and method of transferring of orders, by affignment indorfed and notified in the auditors office (without fee.) If it lhall be judged more advifeable, the treafury may raife by exchequer bills inftead of loans the fum of 1,197,460!. 3s. lod. aq. and the bills in fuch cafe to be made in the manner preferibed by the malt aft of this feffion. All advantages and penalties in the faid aft of this feffion, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorifed to be made forth, extended to this aft. The faid exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, are to be paid out of the finking fund. Bank authorifed to lend to his Majefty the fum of 2,297,4601. 3s. iod.2q. notwithstanding an aft ofjand6 Gul. & Maris. The fum of 7o*»539l* 16s. id. aq. remaining in the exchequer on April 5,1785; 66,1611. 3 s. 5d. sqv overplus of grants for 1^84; and 238,928!. 16s. 3d. now remaining in the exchequer, lhall be applied towards making good the fupply.

33I1578I. 18 s. 2d. remaining in the hands of the paymafter general, lhall be applied towards defraying extraordinary expences of land forces, and other Cervices, from Dec. 25,1783, to Dec. 24,1784* The monies arifing by the malt aft, c. 2. Land tax, c 4. Loans, (1,500,0001.) c. 11. further loans, (i,oo©,oool.) c. 12. further bills, (i,ooo,ocol )c. 33. Lottery aft, 650,0001. c. 59. 702,539b 16s. id. 2q. remaining in the exchequer* April 5, 1785; 6a,i6i 1. 3s. 5d. 2q. overplus of grants in 1784;

338,9281. ids. 3d. remaining in the exchequer; atid 2,297,4601. 3s. jod. 2q. by this aft granted out of the furplulfes of the finking fund;

-fhali be applied (with the relidue of the monies arifing from the fale of ' French prizes, etc.)to the ufesfollowing: 2,551,307b 17s. 2d. towards naval Cervices ; 42,035b 13 s. 8d. for the charges of the office of ordnance, not provided for, in 1784; 350,820b is. 9d. for the charges of the office of ordnance, for 1785; 2,054,684 b 10s. 10d. and five eighth parts of a penny, towards maintaining the land forces, and other Cervices after meiuioned; of which, 655,963 b 4s. 3d. for defraying the charge of 18,053 effeftive men, including 2,030 invalids, and a‘fo officers, agency, etc. 222,021b 4s. 4,d. for forces in plantations, and at Gibraltar, etc. for •1785; 6,355]. 15 s* 8d. for defraying the difference between the Britilh and Iriffi sftabliffixnent of fix battalions of foot, etc. 6,9681. 9 8.9 d. advanced

...	Hosted	by Google

Anno vlcefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 60. [i 785.

vanced to a regiment of light dragoons, etc, for 1785; 25,7S4I. 8s. 9d. »q. for fupernumerary officers, etc. for 1785:; 6,1361. 10s. 6d. for general ftaff officers, for 1785; 74,211 L 14s. 3d. for allowance to the pay-matter general of the land forces, to the fecretary at war, to the com-miffary general of the mutter*, to the judge advocate general* to the comptroller of the accounts of the army, their deputies and clerks, including the contingent expences of their refpe<ftive offices, for exchequer fees, to be paid by the paymafter general, and on account fbr poundage to be returned to the infantry of the King's forces for the year 1785* 8,904 b 66* 6d. for five battalions of Hanoverian infantry; 191,2161. os*. 6d. for Chejfea petitioners, 1785; 69,2911.9s. 6d. for ftibfides to the Ikndgrave of Hefle Caffel, and to the reigning duke of Brunfvvick* for 1785; 56,9891. is. 7d. to make good a dificiency to the landgrave of Heffe Cafiel* 13,627b 7s. 6d. forpenfionsto officers widows; 7,737b 18s* id. 3q> for Several battalions of foot for different periods in 1784; 197>7°3 b 7s. 10d. for reduced officers; 335b 15s. 4d. for officers and private gentlemen of horfe guards reduced, etc. 57,800 b is.nd. for cbmmiffionfed officers of Britifh American forces; 736b 1 is. 6d. for Britiftt American Forces, ih 1783; 4*3081. ns* 3d. for ditto* in 1784; 3*5351* os. 6d. for officers late in the fervice of the ftates general; 451,537b 168. id. for extraordinaries, etc. from Dec. 15,1783, to Dec. 25,1784; 3,500,000 b for paying off the exchequer bills made out by virtue of aft m 24 Geo. 3. c. 33. f ,000,0001. for paying off bill§ made out by virtue ©f another ad of the fame year* c. 52. 7,066b 18s. 3 d. iflued in pursuance of addreffes of the home of common*; 25,000b towards carrying on the buiidftigs at Sbttierfet Houfe; 2,950b for E aft Florida; 3,976b 17 9, 6d. for Ifova Scotia, for 1785; 1,900 b for the id and of St. John> 1,550b for Cape Breton; 2,370b for the Bahama iflands* 1,591b ts. lod. for the chief juffice of Somers Mauds, etc. 6,356b 17s* for New BrunfwiCk in America; 13,000b for maintaining forts on the? coaft of Africa; 9,000b for the commiffioners of pubMck accounts; 3,200b to make good the like fum paid to the fecretariCs of the faid commiffioners, etc. 3,600b for affifting the Levant Company; 800I for completing a road in North Britain, from Ballantrae m Ayrlhire, td Stranraer in Galloway, for the year 17855 5,489b 17s. for general Murray, late governor of Minorca; to reimburfe him 5600b paid to James Sutherland, purfuant to a verdict in the court of exchequer, in 3783; 8,395b as. 5d. iffued to Thomas Cotton efquire, to difchargc bills drawn on the treafury by John Parr efquire, the governor of Nova Scotia; 36,819b 19s. iffued for relief »of American civil officers, etc* >6,11 31. 13s..6d. 3q. to make good a deficiency in the 4 i-half per cent, duties; 150,000b upon account, to fach perfons who have prbved their Ioffes in America to the commiffioners appointed by 13 Geo. 3. c. 80; 3,6ool. to be paid to Mr. Cunninghame for compiling an index to the /journals of the houfe of commons, from 1547 to 1660; 13,578b 14s. 4d. iffued to Duncan Campbell for maintaining convicts, etc. on the river Thames ; 11,087b 7s. 8d. iq. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 31 Geo. 1. c. 11; 159,620b is* pd. iq. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an acbi8 Geo. 3.C. 22; 114,730b 4s. 8d. to make good the . deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 19 Geo. 3. c. 185 158,551b 48. fid. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 20 Geo. 3. c. 16 ; 114,214!. 4s. 3d. iq. to make good the deficiency Of a fund for paying annuities granted by Un act ii Geo. 3. c. 8; 617,466b 10s. to make good the deficiency Of a fund for paying annuities granted'by an act 13 Geo. 3. 355 14,044b to tnake good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by aa act 24 Geo. 3. c. 10. The faid aids to be applied only to the ufes before mentioned. Sec. 26. Rules to be obferved in the application of the hair pay: none to receive half pay who was under fixteenl years of age when his regiment, etc. was reduced, nor except he did actual fervice* ©r if he had any other place of profit, civil or military, under the King ; nor any chaplain who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Trdand; nor any perfon who has refigtttd his commiffion, and had none

hncej

...	Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo qulnto Georgii III. c.6r.	25J

fincej nor to any perfon under a warrant, who would not otherwife he. intitted as reduced officers; nor to any officer'of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot difbanded, (except fuch as were lately taken off half pay in Great Britain, by an act 24 Geo. 3. c. 44. a fum not exceeding 75,116!. 18s, 6d. and a fum not exceeding 130,300], were appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus monies, above fatisfying the faid officers, to be difpofed of to officers who were xnaimed, etc. in the late wars, or to officers widows and children, as his Majefty fhall direct. Recital of 4 Geo. 3. c. 24. whereby the clerks in the fecretary of ftates offices had the privilege of franking printed votes, etc. as before acquftomed, which act by S4Geo.3.c.8. was repealed, and the faid privilege taken away, as a recompence for the lofs, and a compenfati-on for the advantages arifing thereby. Poft-office to pay joobl.per ann. to the fecretaries of ftate, to be diftributed by them amonglt their clerks quarterly.

CAP. LXI.

An aft to authorije the lord fieward of the houfehold, the lord chant+

■ berlain, the majler of the horfe, the majler of the robes,, and ,the lords of the treafury, refpeftively, to pay bounties granted by his Majefty to perfons in low and indigent cirtumfiances.

WHEREAS feveral fervant's of bis late and prefent Majefty Preamble* have been difehargedfrom the employments they heldfever ally , in the departments of the lord fieward, lord chamberlain, mafier of the horfe, and mafter of the robes, and the offices of other perfons in 'the faid departments have been fuppreffied; to which fervents and other perfons, who have been fo difcharged, or whofe offices have been fo fupprejfed, his Majefiy was gracioufly pleafed to command, that certain allowances fbould be paid quarterly, under the name of a Bounty : and whereas his Majefiy has been gracioufly pleafed to odd to the lifts of the perfons above-mentioned, in the refpeftive depart* ments aforefaid, fundry perfons who have been officers or jervants^ and have been difabled or fuperannuated in his fervice, and, in fom& cafes, the widows or children of fervants dying in his fervice: and whereas his Majefiy has yearly, and every year, been gracioufly pleafed to grant the fum of one thoufand two hundred pounds, to< be diftributed in fmall fums among fuch female objefts in difirefs, as the lords commiflfioners of his Majeflys treafury Jhould, from time to time, dir eft: and whereas, by an aft paffied in the twenty -fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An adt for enabling 22. Geo. 3. c. his Majefty to difeharge the debt contradted upon his civil lift 8a. fee, 19*. revenues; and for preventing the fame from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the faid revenues, and by fupprefling or regulating certain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the. civil lift ; fundry offices have been fuppreffied and abolifhed, but the holders or occupiers of many of the faid offices have, under the authority of the faid aft, been allowed compenfations, which, under the direftion of the lords commiffloners of his Majeflys treafury, have been paid quarterly by the proper officers appointed for that purpofe, within the refpefliye departments of the lord fieward of the houfehold, lord chamberlain, mafter of the horfe, ana mafter of the robes: and whereas it is, among other things, by the faid recited aft enabled.

That no penfion wbatjoever, on the ciyjl efiabliflmmt, fhall thereafter

be

Hosted by Google

All bounties already given byhisMajefty, as before mentioned,or which (hall hereafter be given, may continue to be paid by the lord fteward, etc.

t

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III; c. 6u	[i785;

he paid but at the exchequer, and in the fame manner as thofe penfrns which were then paid and entered at the exchequer under the heady title 1 and defeription of Penfions ; and, for the better prevention of all practices, by which fuch grants as of bounty might be made a colour under which penfions might be fubftantially. grantedcontrary to the true intent and meaning of the Jaid aft, it was provided. That any fum or fums of money, fo given as of royal bounty to any perfon more than once in three years, fhould be reputed a penfion: and where- ■ as doubts have arifen whether, according to the Jlrift letter of the faid recited aft, the feveral bounties and compenfations aforefaid may not be confidered as penfions which ought to be payable at the exche-quer only, and whether the feveral officers who have hitherto paid the fame are legally jufiified in the payment thereof; but as all fuch bounties, are of fmall annual amount, and payable to perfons in low and indigent circumfiances, who are- not within the meaning of the faid recited aft; and as all fuch compenfations were fo calculated, as that the parties fhould receive the whole thereof, clear of all taxes and deductions whatfoever, the transfer of fuch bounties and compenfations for payment at the exchequer would1 be attended with muck inconvenience and confiderable expence; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all bounties of the defeription aforefaid, already given or granted, or which may hereafter be given or granted, and all compenfations given and granted to perfons who heretofore held offices which have been fupprefied' or aboliflied, for and in refpeft of their refpeftive offices fo fupprefied or abolifhed, ihall not be transferred for payment at the exchequer* but be paid and continue to be paid within the feveral departments of the lord fteward of the houfehold, lord chamberlain, mafter of the horfe, mafter of the robes, and treafury refpeftively, by the proper officer in each of the faid departments appointed for that purpofe, as they heretofore lately have been; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high trea-furer for the time being, from time to time to iflue fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be necefiary for the payment of fuch bounties and compenfations, within the refpeftive departments aforefaid ; and that all and every fum and fums of money already paid, or hereafter to be paid, by the refpeftive officers in the feveral departments aforefaid* for or on account of fuch bounties and compenfations, (hall be allowed to them refpec-tively, in their feveral accounts, by the auditors and all other perfons having the auditing and palling thereof; any thing in the faid recited aft, or any other aft, to the contrary thereof ir> any wife notwithftanding.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGH III. c. 62I	255

CAP. LXII.

An aft to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

WHEREAS the exportation of hay may, at this time, ^ Preamble.

greatly prejudicial to his Majejifs fubjefls, be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majeffy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the paffing From the paff-of this a£t, no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall, dire&ly or of this indire<$Uy, export, tranfport, carry or convey, or caufe or pro- be^exporrea10 cure to be exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed, out of for a limited or from the kingdom of Great Britain, or load, (hip, or lay on time, board, or caufe or procure to be laden, (hipped, or laid on board, in any (hip or other veffel or boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of Great Britain, any hay of any kind or quality whatfoever, under the penalties and forfeitures herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay,) That on forfeiture all fuch hay fo exported, or laden, (hipped, cr laid on board, thereof, and ^ in order to be exported or carried out of Great Britain, contrary * Perton$ to the true intent and meaning of this act, (hall be forfeited ; and that every offender or offenders therein (hall feverally forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, for every ton of fuch hay, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity which (hall be" fo exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed out of Great Britain, or laden,

(hipped, or laid on board as aforefaid, in order to be fo export*

ed or carried out of Great Britain; and alfo the (hip or other" and the vefifeU

veffel or boat in or upon which any fuch commodity (hall be fo etc. on board

exported, (hipped, or laden, in order to be fo exported, and which it fhaU

all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, (hall be forfeited exPorte #

and one moiety of all the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be

to the King’s majeffy, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other

moiety to him or them that (hall fue for the fame; and for

offences which (hall be committed in England, Wales, or the

town of Berwick upon Tweed, fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be

fued for, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any

of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, courts of the

counties palatine, or great feffions in Wales; in which fuit, no

effoin, prote&ion, privilege, or wager of law, or more tharc

one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; and for offences committed

in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by adlion or fum-

mary bill or information in the court of feflion or exchequer in

Scotland.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That officers of it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, cuftom*, etc. being an officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, or being lawfully authorised in that behalf by the lord high treafurer, or be eXp0rtedf the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to take and feize all fuch hay, not allowed

Hosted by Google

' Not to extend to hay necef-fary for cattle on board any (hip,etc.

Hay may be exported to Ireland in certain cafes;

the exporter giving feeu-rity for the due landing thereof.

Hay may be carried coaft-wife.

Anno vieelimo quinto Geqrgii Iff, c, 5?. [*785;

lowed to be exported by this aft* or by his Majefty5s royal proclamation, or order in council, in purfuarice of this aft, as he or they (hall happen to find; know, or difeover to be laid on board any (hip, or other veffel or boat, at fea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpofe to be exported, tranfported, or conveyed out of this kingdom* contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, notaftually laden on board any (hip, or other veffel or boat, and entered for exportation, on the twenty-third day of Julyy one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and alfo the (hip, veffel, or boat, in which the fame (hall be found; and to bring the fame to the King’s vyarehpufe qr warehoufes belonging to the cuftom-houfe next to the pjao.e where fuch feizure (hall be made, or to fome other fgfe place, as near thereto as can conveniently be done, in order to be proceeded againft according to law.

III.	Provided always, That this aft, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to prohibit the exportation or carrying out of fuch or fo much of the faid commodity as (hall be neceffary to be carried in any (hip or (hips, or other veffel or veffels, in tl*eir refpe.ftive voyages, for the fuftenance and fupport of any horfes, cattle, or (heep, in the fame (hips or veffels.

IV.	Provided alfo. That this aft, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be con ft rued to extend, to prohibit the exporting or carrying fuch commodity from Great Britain into the kingdom of Ireland, at any time when the exportation of hay of every kind or quajity, from the kingdom of Ireland, is or (hall be prohibited by law; fo as the exporter or exporters thereof do, before (hipping or laying the fame on board, in order to be fo exported or carried from Great Britain into the kingdom of Ireland, with one or more perfon or perfons, give fufficient fecurity, by bond, in treble the Value of fuch hay* to the cuftomer, colleftor, or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the port or place where fuch commodity (hall be (hipped or laden, (which fecurity the faid cuftomer, colleftor, or other chief officer, is hereby impowered to take in the name, and to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors,) that the fame hay, and every part thereof, (hall be landed and delivered in the kingdom of Ireland, and in no other part or parts beyond the feas, and (the dangers and accidents of the feas excepted,) to return to the officer of the cuftoms, to whom fuch bond (hall be given, a certificate in difeharge thereof, within fix months from the date of fuch bond, figned by the proper officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, at the port or place in the kingdom of Ireland where the faid commodity (hall be landed or delivered, importing that the fame was there landed, and teftify-ing the landing thereof, upon the penalty of the forfeiture of the faid bond.

V.	Provided alfo. That this aft, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to prohibit any perfon or perfons to .(hip or put on board any fuch hay to be carried coaftwife* that

y	l$

Hosted by Google

1785.5 Anno vlcefimo quinto GeoRgii IH. C. 63.	257

is to fay, from any port, member, or creek of Great Britaini xo any other port, member, or creek, of the fame refpedively, having fuch or the like coaft cocquet or fufferance for that pur* pofe, fuch or the like fufficient fecurity being firft given for the landing and difcharging the fame in fome other port, member, or creek of Great Britain, and returning a certificate in fix: months, as is required by law in cafes where goods, which are liable to pay duties on exportation, are carried coaftwife from one port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwife.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority His Majefty aforefaid, That in cafe his Majefty, at any time or times dur- maY permit ing the continuance of this ad, (hall (in his royal difcretion) p^ed^ cx* judge it to be moft for the benefit and advantage of this king- proclamation, dom, to permit the exportation of any fuch hay, that then it etc.

(hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations, to be iflued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majefty’s order in council, to be publiftied in the London Gazette, from time to time, to permit and fuffer all and every perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, (but not any particular perfon or perfons) at* any time or times to export or carry out of the kingdom of Great Britain, any fuch hay to all or any other place or places, and upon or without giving fecurity for the landing thereof in fuch place or places, and returning certificates pf fuch landing, as to his Majefty (hall feem meet, and in fuch proclamation or proclamations, or fuch order in council, to be publifhed in the London Gazette+ (hall be expreffed and declared 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all perfons who have Clauferela-purchafed hay for the purpofe of exporting the fame (provided tivetohay; . the quantity (hall amount to one hundred tons or upwards) purchafed. for fha.ll be at liberty to' declare the bargain void, upon giving no- e*Portatlon* tice of fuch his, her, or their intention to the feller or fellers

of fuch hay, on or before the twentieth day of Augtift next, provided fuch bargain (hall have been made on or after the twenty-ninth day of June preceding the faid twentieth day of Auguft.

.VIII, And be it further enacted. That this ad: (hall be and Continuance continue in force, until one month after the commencement of of this act# the next feffion of parliament.

C A P. LXIII.

An aft for reducing the allowances for wafte on fait and rock falt.% prjegftating the exportation of fait to Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney, and Sark ; for repealing'the laws allowing the ufe of foft fait for manure only 5 for allowing a drawback on the export tation of, Glauber or Epfom falls; for refraining fifh curers fcom being dealers in fait 5 for regulating the exportation of her- -I tings from the Jfle. of Man; for better fecuring the duties on : \jfilty and for indemnifying perfons who have been guilty of offences ■Ogdihft the laws relating to the duties on fait.

Vcfc^XXXV,	3	WHEREAS,

Hosted by Google

*§8	Anno	vicdimo quinto Georgii 1IL c. 63. [ 1785*

Preamble. \]iZ HERE AS, by an aft of parliament, made in the fifth year '

5 Ann. c. 29.	▼ ▼	0/ the reign of her late majefty^ Queen Anne, intituled, An

a& for the eafe of her Majefty’s fubje&s in relation to the duties upon fait, and for making the like allowances upon the exportation of white herrings, flefh, oatmeal, and grain called beer alias bigg, as are to be made upon exportation of the like from Scotland, it is amongfl other things enabled, That any merchant or perfon who Jhall Jbip any English fait or rock fait, to he carried coaftwife, from one port ^/England or Wales, or port of Berwick upon Tweed, to any port 0/England or Wales, or BerwicMapon Tweed, Jhall have an allowance after the rate of three bufhels for every forty bufhels of Englifh white fait, and after the rate of one hujhel and an half for every forty bufhels 0/Englifh rock fait; and an allowance of four bufhels for every forty bufhels of white falt%

• and of two bufhels for every forty bufhels of rock fait, exported in manner therein prescribed from England to Ireland, in conjideration of the ordinary wafle in the carriage thereof; and by another aft of parliament, made in the ftxth year of the reign of her faid late 6 Ann. c. 12. majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An a& to explain the a<5t of the laft feffion of parliament, for the eafe of her Majefty’s fubjedts in relation to allowances out of the duties upon fait carried coaftwife; and alfo an aof the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, in relation to certain falt-works near the fea-fide and bay of Holyhead in the county of Anglefea, the firft mentioned allowance for wafle is extended to all fait carried coaftwife twenty miles or more by fea, or from the port a/'Great Yarmouth, in the county of ‘Norfolk, to Loweftoff or Southwold Bay, in the county of Suffolk, although the place to which the faid faltfhould be carried be a mem~ ber or creek of the port from whence the fame was firft /hipped off: and whereas by an aftx made in the twentieth year of his prefent *0 Geo. 2. c. Majefifs reign, intituled, An a<5t for granting to his Majefty ad-34’	ditiorial	duties	upon fait; and for regulating the exportation of

fait to the Ifle of Man; the exporter or proprietor of white fait and rock fait to the Ifle of Man is allowed four bufhels for every forty bufhels of white fait, afid two bufhels for every forty bufhels of rock fait, in conjideration of the ordinary wafle in the carriage thereof upon the terms mentioned in the faid aft in that behalf: and whereas it is found, by experience, that the faid allowances far exceed the real wafle, and that many opportunities are thereby given of evading the payment of the feveral duties on fait, and the payment thereof is -thereby daily evaded, to the great diminution of the faid duties; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the PrdmAug. i, authority of the .fame. That, from and after the firft day of ^owances for	one	thoufand (even hundred and eighty-five, each and

waft^on^ak everY °f the faid fevefal allowances for wafte on white fait and reduced. rock fait carried coaftwife, or (hipped or exported to Ireland,^r the Ifle of Man, be reduced and leflened; and that, inftead of _ the (aid feveral allowances before mentioned, there be allowed from thenceforth for wafte on white fait and rock fait, carried

coaftwife

■Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgij TIL C. 6%.	259

coaftwife not lefs than twenty miles by fea, after the rate of one bufhel for every forty bufhels of white fait, and after the rate of half a buftiel for every forty bufhels of rock fait, and no more, and in that proportion far a greater or Jefs quantity ; and for wafte on white fait and rock fait, exported to Ireland and the IJle of Man, after the rate of two bufhels for every forty bufhels of white fait, and after the rate of one bufhel for every forty bufhels of rock fait, and no more, and in that proportion for a greater or lefs quantity, the perfons who claim the faid allowances hereby given producing fuch certificate as is by the faid former acts required, any thing in the faid ads, or any other, to the contrary in anywife notwithftandirig 5 and tha’t no allowance whatfoever be from thenceforth made for wafte on any fait carried coaftwife by fea lefs than twenty miles.

II.	And whereas by an ad, made in the feeond and third years of Recital of % the reign of her late majejly Queen Anne, intituled, An ad for the & 3 Anne* better fecuring and regulating the duties upon fait, it is (amohgjl c* *4’ other things) enabled and declared, That any perfon exporting any fait to Scotland, the Ifle of Man, or the ([lands of Jerfey and Guernfey, according to the directions of the feveral alls relating to the faid duties upon fait, is and Jhall be inti tied to a drawback of the duties of the fait Jo exported, in fuch manner as in cafe of the exportation of fait to any other foreign parts: and whereas great fums of , money are paid out of his Majejly s duties upon fait, on account of debentures for Englifh white fait y flipped under pretence of being exported to the iflands of J-erfey and Guernfey, and it is found, by experience, that great part of fuch fait hath been fraudulently put on flore and relanded, without being carried to the faid iflands, by which evil practices his Majejly s faid duties are very much leffened: and whereas the like frauds had been frequently committed, on the exportation of fait ana rock fait to the lfle of Man; for remedy whereof it was enaded, by an ad pafied in the twentieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An ad for granting to his Ma- ao Geo. 3. C. jejly additional duties upon fait, and for regulating the exportation of 34* fait to the Ifle of Man, That no debentures fhould be made or granted, or drawback allowed, for any fait or rock fait exported to the Ifle of Man, until a certificate fhould be obtained of the particular quantity landed, according to the directions of the faid. ad: and whereas it is reafonable and fitting that the pro-vifions of the faid aCf in that behalf flould extend to white fait and rock fait) flipped to be exported to the faid Iflands of Jerfey and Guernfey, and to theAflands of Alderney and Sark; be it there^ fore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the feveral diree- ProviflonS of tions, regulations, and provifions of the faid laft mentioned the laft men -ad, fo far as the fame relates to the exportation of any white tioned actre-falt or rock fait to the Ifle of Man9 (except as to the allowance portfnefaltto for wafte as herein after mentioned) (hall extend, and be the Ifle of deemed and conftrued to extend, to the exportation of white Man, extend-ftlt and rock fait to the iflands of Jerfey9 Guernfey9 Alderney, and ed t0 J€rfcy> Sari9 in as full and ample manner as if they were, repeated and etc*

S 2	hereby

Hosted by Google

i6o

Allowance of wafte on fait exported to faid iHands reduced.

Recital of $ Ann. c. 8.

Penalty on performs in whofe poflef-fion fait brought from Scotland by land (half be found.

%\ Geo. 3.C. 39»

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63, [1785*

hereby feverally re-enadfed, any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enadted and declared, That, inftead of the allowance for wafte of four bu(hels for every forty bulhels of white fait, and of two bufhels for every forty bufhels of rock fait, (hipped for exportation to the l(le of Man* in purfuance of the faid laft mentioned adt, or to the iHands of JerJey, Guernfey, Alderney, and Sark, every exporter of white fait and rock fait to the iflands of Jer-Jey, Guernfey, Alderney, and Sark, or the Ijle of Man, (hall be allowed only one bufhel for every forty bulhels of, white fait, and half a bufhel for every forty bufhels of rock fait, in conli-deration of the ordinary wafte in the carriage thereof.

IV.	And whereas by the eighth article of the oft of union, pajfld in the fifth year of the reign of her late majefly Queen Anne, no fait whatfoever is allowed to be brought from Scotland to England by land, in any manner, under the penalty of forfeiting the fait, and the cattle and carriages made ufe of in bringing the fame, and paying twenty /hillings for every bufhel of fuch fait, and proportionally for a greater or leffer quantity, for which the carrier, as well as the owner, is liable jointly and feverally, and the perfons bringing or carrying the fame, to be imprifoned by any one jujlice of the peace by the fpace of fix months, without bail, and until the penalty be paid: and whereas fait brought from Scotland by land is frequently found in the cuflody or poffeffion of perfons who live near the borders of that part of the united kingdom called Scotland; and if difcovered by any of the officers for the fait duties, the perfon or perfons in whofe cup tody or poffieffion the fame is founds pretend that the fame doth not belong to him, her, or them, fo that the above mentioned penalties can* not be in flitted on fuch offender or offender as in that att are de-fcribed: for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon, refiding in any county in England near the borders of Scotland, in whofe cuftody or pofleflion any fait brought from Scotland (hall be fo found, (hall be liable to the fame penalties as if he or (he was the carrier or owner thereof; unlefs he or (he (hall make it appear upon the trial, or hearing of any information for fuch offence, that it came by fea, and that the duties due and payable on the importation thereof had been paid or fecured.

V.	And whereas by an att paJJ'ed in the eighth year of his prefent Majefly s reign, foul fait is permitted to be delivered from any fait works, upon paying a duty cf four-pence a bufhel, upon the terms therein-mentioned, for manuring of land only: and whereas by an att paffed in the twenty-fecond year of his prefent Majefly*s reign, intituled, An adt for granting to his Majefty additional duties upon fait; and certain duties upon Glauber or Epfom falts, and alfo on mineral alkali or flux for glafs, made from fait; and to prevent frauds in the duties on foul fait, to be ufed in manuring of lands; reciting, "That, notwithftanding the reflrittion in the faid att, abufes had been committed contrary to the intent and meaning

thereof%

Hosted by Google

1785*3 Anno vlceftmo quinto Georgii III. c.63.

thereof 1 and for preventing them in future, it was'enacted. That no grey or fcrow fait, fait JcakyfandJcale, or crufings, or other foul fait whatfoever, produced or to be produced at any fait works within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town 0/Berwick upon T weed, from the manufacturing of fuch white fait as afore-faidy Jhouldy from and after the twenty fecond day of June, one thoufand f'even hundred and eighty-two, be removed or carried away from the works where the fame ffould be produced\ without notice firji given to the officer attending fuch works, or who Jbould refide nearejl thereto; and without having been firf well and fufficiently mixed with common chimney coal footy in the proportion of two bujheh of foot to one hundred bujhels of fuch falty under the penalty therein mentioned \ which provifion in the faid aft has not had the good effect to prevent fuch abufesy but great frauds are daily committed by divers manufacturers unlawfully ufing fuch foul fait, without the means of detection to the great diminution of the fait duties, who muft other-wife ufe white fait; be it therefore enadted by the authority afore-faid, That thofe parts of the faid recited adls, which allow the Part of the ufing of foul fait for the manuring of land only, and diredl that a&s of 8 and it (hall not be removed from the works without having been %%	3#

firft mixed with chimney coal foot, fhall be, and the/fame are repeae # hereby declared to be repealed.

VI.	Andy in order to obviate any doubts that may hereafter arife refpeding the duties payable for fuch foul fait, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the firft day of Augufly From Aug. i# one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, all foul fait that all foul (hall be made or produced at any fait works, (hall be fubjedt ablVto the and liable to the fame duties as any Englijh white fait is now, fame duties or hereafter may be fubjedt and liable to, and to fuch and the as white fait, like directions, regulations, andrprovi(ions, in every refpedf, as

if they were feveralJy enumerated and re-enadled in the body of this adh

VII.	And whereas by an ady made in the twenty-fecond year of Recital of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituledy An adt for granting to ** Geo, 3. cf his Majefty additional duties upon fait; and certain duties Upon 39*

Glauber or Epfom falts, and alfo on mineral alkali or flux for

glafs, made from fait, and to prevent frauds in the duties on foul fait, to be ufed in manuring of lands; a duty of twenty Jhillings for every hundred weight is laid on all Jails known or called by the name 0/" Glauber or Epfom Salts, made or produced at any fait works in Great Britain, and after that rate for a greater qrlefs quantity: and whereas it is foundy by experience, xthaty fince the faid duty has been impofedy the exportation of the faid falts has been much leffenedy to the hurt of the maker or manufacturer thereof it is therefore but reafonable that a drawback or alloivance Jbould be made of fo much of the faid duty on exportationy as will enable the maker or manufacturer to render the fale thereof at foreign markets,

Upon equal terms with that of any other country; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the firft Exporters of day of Augujly one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, all Glauber or and every perfon or perfons who (hall export, or caufe to be ex-	lowed

ported, beyond the Teas, any falts known or called by the name a drawback.

S ^	pf

, '

From Aug. x, 1785, no fifh curer (hall fell fait, except to other curer3.

5 Geo. 1. c. 18.

Penalty.

Recital of iz peo. 3. c. 58

Anno yicefimo quinto GeorgIi III. G. 63. [17&5.

ol Glauber or Epfom falts, made or produced at any fait works in Great Britain, the duty whereof fhall have been paid, (hall, upon fuch exportation, be intitled to a drawback or allowance of ten (hillings out of the faid duty for every hundred weight of the faid falts, upon fuch and the like terms as in the cafes of exportation of foreign and Englijh fait.

VIII.	And whereas great frauds have been committed in the fait revenue by fifh curers becoming dealers in fait for home confumption; be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the firft day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, no fifh curer or fifh curers flfall, diredtly or in-diredlly, fell, retail* or vend any fait other than to fifh curers, in purfuance of an adt made in the fifth year of the reign of'hi$ late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for recovering the credit of the Britifh fijhery in foreign parts; and for better fecuring the duties on fait, under the penalty of forfeiting twenty fhillings a bufhel for every bufhel that he, (he, or they (hall fo difpofe of, and after that rate for any greater or lefs quantity; and (hall never afterwards be permitted to have fait duty-free, or be concerned with any other or others as a curer of fifh.

IX.	And whereas by an aft made in the twelfth year of his pre~

► fent Majefiy s reign, intituled, An adt for the further encouragement of the herring fifhery on the coaft of the Ifle of Man; and fpr obviating a doubt which has arifen with refpedt to the allowing the bounties upon the Britifh white herring fifhery, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one; any fort of herrings, (aught upon the coafis of the Ifle of Man and cured there, are allowed to be imported and brought into any part of Great Britain, upon payment of the duties therein mentioned, the mafier or other perfon having the charge of the Jhip fo importing fuch herrings, bringing with him a certificate or certificates from the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in chiefs or chief magijlrate for the time being, that oath had been made before him or them, in the prefence of the officer of the cufioms for ihe port or place where fuch herrings were put on boards that the fame were bona fide taken on the coafis of the Ifle of Man and cured there; which certificate or certificates alfo to be attefied by the faid officer of the cufioms, and to exprefs the number of barrels^ and quantity of fuch herrings refpe ftively, and the marks of the package expreffed in the bill or bills of lading, with the name or names, place or places of abode of fuch perfon or perfons as fhall have made the oath thereby dir eft ed, and where and to whom fuch herrings fhall be configned in Great Britain; and the mafier, or perfon taking charge of the /hip or veffiel importing the fame, alfo making oath before the colleftor or principal officer of the jalt-duties, at the port or place of importation in Great Britain, that the faid herrings were the fame that were taken on board by virtue of the faid certificate or certificates fo to be produced \ on failure whereof or of any of the requifites therein mentioned, the herrings to be liable to the fame duties^ penalties, and forfeitures, as fuch herrings would have been liable to by law, if the Jaid aft had not been made: and whereas, before the faffing of the faid aft, all kinds offifh were prohibited

Hosted by' Google

1785*1 Anno vlcefimo quinto Georgii III* c.	2	63

hibittd frm being brought in or imported from the faid if and; and it is Jince found by experience that herrings caught and cured upon the faid coafis, are clandejibiely /hipped, and fraudulently brought into Great Britain, to the lofs of the revenue, and injury to the fijh curers there, contrary to the intention of the faid aft, which may in a great tneafure be prevented, if further provisions andJuitable penalties were to be in flitted on perfons offending againft the faid at?; be it there- * fore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after From Aug. t, the firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- 1785,00 tier-five, no herrings, caught upon the coafts of the lfe of Man,	thecoafts

and cured there, (hall be (hipped or exported from thence, for	the jqc 0f

any place or places whatfoever, till fuch certificate or certifi- Man,&c. (hall cates is or (hall be obtained as required by the faid adl, under be exported the penalty of forty (hillings a barrel, and fo in proportion for a [!7?ra thence» greater or lefs quantity, to be recovered of the owner, propri- certificate's etor, tnafter of the veil'd, or the perfon or perfons who (hall obtained, etq. (hip or export the fame, and alfo giving bond to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, in double the amount of the duty, to the fatisfa&ion of the chief officer of the cuftoms for the time being, (who is hereby required and impowered to take the fame), at the port or place in the faid iiland where fuch herrings (hall be (hipped or put on board, for the truly landing of .them at the port or place for which they (hall be fo (hipped or put on board, and if for Great Britain, upon paying the duty and making the oath upon the importation thereof; which bond (hall be dif-charged, and given up without fee or reward, upon certificate returned or produced to the chief officer of the cuftoms, for the time being, of the port or place in the faid ifland from whence the faid herrings were exported, within twelve months from the date of the faid bond, or otherwife it (hall and may be lawful for fuch chief officer of the cuftoms to caufe fuch bond to be put in fuit, unlefs he (hall find fuffieient caufe to forbear the fame; which certificate the chief officer of the fait duties, or otherwife of the cuftoms, (in cafe there (hall happen to be no fait officer), at the port or place of importation in Great Britain, or any other of his Majefty’s dominioas, is hereby directed and required to grant, without fee or reward ; and if exported to any other place or places out of his Majefty’s dominions, then, upon certificate under the common feal of the chief magiftrate there, or under the hands and feals of two known Britijb merchants, then being at fuch place or places, that fuch herrings were there landed; or upon proof, by credible perfons, that fuch herrings, or part thereof, were taken by enemies, perifhedin the feas, or were otherwife loft or deftroyed by any inevitable accident; the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in chief, or chief magiftrates of the faid lfe if Man, for the time being.

X.	And whereas Britifh fait, delivered duty-free for the curing iffijh for foreign markets, is liable to frauds for want offecurity be-1 |ng given as for foreign fait, when delivered over into the curers foie

S 4	cujlody

Hosted by

Google

From Aug. 1785, on delivery of fait duty free to

2	64	Anno videfimo qulnto Geor©II III. c. 63.	[	tytgi

tujlody at the beginning of (he fijbing feafonr, for remedy whereof, be.it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the (aid firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, on delivering over fuch fait from the joint cuftody curers for fb- °f *he officer and proprietor, into the foie cuftody of the proprie-reign mar- tor or his agent, for the curing of fifh for exportation* the faid kets jecunty proprietor or his agent (hall give fecurity (to the fatisfa&ion of °fficer °f the fait duties in the port or place where faction of the ^uch fait has been lodged) in double the amount of the duties, officer. that he or they (hall and will acount for the fame in the terms of, and according to tb,e true intent and meaning of the feveral ails of parliament made in that behalf, in like manner as the curers of fifh now do for the foreign fait delivered into their x folecuflody, for curing fifh for exportatipn, by virtue of an a<St made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King Such fait to George the Second ; and that all fuch fait fhall, upon being de-t’c w eighed m 'jjVered into the foie cuftody of the proprietor, be weighed over by the faid proprietor or his agents in the prefence of the officer for the duties on fait, if he (hall require the fame, to the end that the quantity of fait delivered into the proprietor’s foie cuftody, and the deficiency (if any) from the quantity before lodged under the joint lock and key of fuch officer and proprietor, as aforefaid, may be truly afeertained, and the real quantity wanting at the re-deliv^ery truly known, making a reasonable allowance for the wafte for the time the faid fait lias been fo locked up; and that every fifh curer, who (hall negled of re-fufe to weigh over, to the officer for the duties on fait, what fait (hall remain unufed, (in order to adjufl the quantity ufed), and alfo to lock up the remainder in the joint cuftody of the officer and proprietor, when thereunto duly required by the faid officer, (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, and fhall never afterwards be permitted to have fait duty-free for the curing of fifh, or be concerned with any other or others as ^a*fi/v,e^rec* a curer °f and that no fait whatfoever, after the fame has not to be^e-* ^een delivered into the foie cuftody of the curer of fifh for fo-moved with- reign markets, (hall be delivered over to any other perfon for out a warrant the curing of fifh, nor (hall be removed from the place where from the of- lodged to any other place for curing fifh, without giving notice to the officer, and having a warrant from him for removing the fame, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds, by the proprietor or owner of the fait, or the perfon removing the fame; and that no perfon whatfoever (hall be deemed or taken to be a curer of fi(h, fo as to intitle him to have any fait delivered into his foie cuftody duty-free., for the curing fifh for foreign markets, who has not a warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or other proper place, wherein the fait may be fecurely lodged under the lock and key of the officer foT the duties on fait, as well as the faid proprietor, as the law diredts. .

XL And.> for the better and more impartial trial of any indiftment or information, which Jhall at any time hereafter be found, commenced or profecuted for any ajfault made or committed upon any .of

the

iicer.

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo jqpato GeoRGh IIL c.63.	%6$

the officers of the Jalt duties, or, any other perfon or perfons a fling in their aid\ be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Inai&ments every fuch offence (hall arid may be enquired of, examined, foraffauits tried, and determined, in any county within that part of the ™ ° ^tried kingdom of Great Britain called England, in fuch manner and inanycounty. form as if the faid offence had been therein committed.

XII.	And whereas it. hath been founds by experience, that the bai~ liffs and other officers, having the execution of procefs in the feveral counties, cities, and liberties of this kingdom, often hold correfpondence with the p erf ons guilty of offences contrary to the laws or Jlatutes relating to the duties on fait, or other duties under the management of the commiffioners for the. duties on fait, and give them notice when any writ or procejs ijjues againfi them, whereby they efcape from jujlice; for remedy thereof, ,be it further enabled bv the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid firft day of Augujl, ]?rom £Ug# Xj one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, where any writ 1785, when

of capias, or other procefs, (hall iffue out of any court, directed ™rits ca' x ^	1	#	j	*	piss arc

to any (heriff, mayor, bailiff, or other perfon having the exe-}ffue’d acrainft

cution of procefs in any county, city, or liberty, againfi: any offendersre-

perfon who (hall be guilty of, or profecuted for any offence lative to the

whatfoever, contrary to any of the laws or ftatutes now in be- felt duties, a

ing, or hereafter to be made, relating to his Majefty’s faid duties ran^fl^fb'e

on fait, or any other duties under the management of the com- granted for

miflioners for the faid duties on fait, every fuch (heriff, mayor, apprehending

or bailiff, and other perfons having execution of procefs as them.

aforefaid, and their and every of their under fheriffs, deputies, \

and other perfons adting for them in the faid office and offices

refpedtively, (hall and are hereby enjoined and required, upon

the requefi: or application of the-known follicitor for the duties

on fait* (fuch requefi: to be in writing indorfed upon the back of

the faid procefs, and figned by fuch follicitor), to grant a fpe-

cial warrant or warrants to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be

named to them; by fuch follicitor, for the apprehending fuch

offender and offenders ; or, in default thereof, every fuch (he- Penalty on

riff, mayor, bailiff, under (heriff, and other perfon acting in ffienffs^etc.

the faid office or offices refpedtively, (hall be fubjedt and liable	e'

to fuch procefs of contempt, fines, amerciaments, penalties, ^

and forfeitures, as they, or any of them, are now by any law,

cuftom, or ufage, liable to in cafe of refuting or neglecting to

execute the like procefs, where the defendant might have been

taken thereupon, in the common and ufual method of proceed-

ing.

XIII.	And whereas it has been doubted where the commiffioners for the duties on fait, and jujlice s of the peace, have refpedtively iffued out any fummons for the appearance of perfons offending againjt, or for forfeitures incurred by the laws relative to the duties on fait, or any other law under the management df the commiffioners for the faid duties on fait, which hath been left at the houfe or ufual place of reft-dence, or with the wife, child, or menial fervant of fuch perfons, whether the fame Jbould be deemed and adjudged a good^and fufficient fummons, and as legal and effectual a notice as if the fame had

Hosted by Google

a 66

SummonTes for the appearance of offenders, left at their place of abode, etc, to be deemed legal notice.

Summonfes relative to the fait duties, left at the houfe, fhop, etc. as effectual notice as If delivered to theparty,etc.

Claufe relative to actions for recovery of goods feized by virtue of any aft relating to fait duties.

Anno vicefimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 6f. [i785;

been actually delivered to the proper bands of fucb perfon or perfons to, whom the fame was or were directed: now, in order to put an end to fuch doubt, be it hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid. That every fuch fummons, fo left as aforefaid, fhall be deemed to be a good and fufficient fummons, and as legal and effedual a notice, as if the fame had been actually delivered to the proper hands of fuch perfons to whom the fame was by name directed.

XIV.	And, for the future, it is hereby enaded, That in all cafes relating to the duties on fait, or to any of the other duties which now are, or hereafter may be under the management of the commiffioners of the faid duties on fait, the leaving fuch fum-mons at the houfe, workboufe, warehoufe, boiling houfe, hot houfe, fait crib, (hop, cellar, vault, or ufual place of refidence of fuch perfon or perfons, directed to fuch perfon or perfons, by hisi her, or their right or aflumed name or names, fhall be deemed to be, and is hereby declared to be as legal and effectual a notice and fummons, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame was perfonally given or delivered to or into the hands of the party or parties for whom the fame (hall be defigned,, and as if the fame was directed ta the party or parties to and for whom the fame (hall be defigned, by his, her, or their proper name or names.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, . That in cafe any information or fuit (hall be commenced and brought to trial, on account of the feizure of any fait, fi(h, or other goods whatfoever, or the package thereof, feized as forfeited by any aCt or ad$ of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to his Majefty’s duties on fait, or any other duties under the management of the commiffioners for the faid duties on fait, or of any (hip, veflel, or boat, or of any horfes or other cattle, or of any carriages ufed or employed in removing or carrying the fame, wherein a verdid (hall be found for the owner or claimer thereof, and it (hall appear to the judge or court, before whom the faid adion or information (hall be tried, that there was a probable Caufe of feizure, the judge or court, before whom the fame (hall be tried, (hall certify on the record, that there was a probable caufe for the feizing the faid fait, fi(h, goods, package, (hips, veflels, boats, horfes, or other cattle or carriages, as the cafe may be; and in fuch cafe the claimant or owner (hall not be intitled to any cofts of fuit whatfoever, nor (hall the perfon who feized the faid fait, fi(h, goods, or package, or the faid (hips, veflels, or boats, or the horfes, or other cattle or carriages, be liable to any adion, indidment, or other fuit or profecution, on account of fuch feizure; and that in cafe any adion, indidment, or profecution, (hall be commenced and brought to trial againft any perfon or perfons whatfoever, on account of the feizure of any fuch fait, fi(h, goods, or package, or of any (hips, veflels, boats, horfes, or other cattle or carriages, ufed and employed in removing or carrying the . fame, wherein a verdid (hall be given againft the defendant or

defendants.*

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

1785.} Anno vlcefyno quinto GeoRGhIU. c.63.	267

defendants, if the court or judge, before whom fuch adlion, indicSment, or profecution, (hall be tried, (hall certify, on the faid record, that there was a probable caufe for fuch feizure, then the plaintiff, befides the thing fo feized,, or the value thereof, (hall not be intitled to above two-pence damages, nor to any cofts of fuit, nor (hall the defendant, in fuch profecution, be fined above one (hilling.

XVI.	Jnd, for the more ejfeflucl preventing vexatious fuits again ft the officers for the fait duties* and their ajfijlants, afting under the authorities and powers to them given by the feveral Jlatutes made?, or hereafter to be made,for fecuring the duties on fait and rock fait, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the duties on fait, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the firft day of Augujl, one thoufand From Aug. t, (even hundred and eighty-five, no writ (hall be fued out againft,

nor a copy of any procefs ferved upon any officer or officers out agajnft for the fait duties, or againft any perfon of perfons a&ing by anyofficerfor his or their order, and in his or their aid, for any thing done fait duties,for in the execution of, or by reafon of his or their office, until one ^ntU * calendar month next after notice in writing (hall have been de- ^ter a livered to him, or left at the ufual place of his abode, by the month’s no* attorney or agent for the party who intends to fue out fuch tice. writ or procefs as aforefaid ; in which notice (halLbe clearly and explicitly contained the caufe of adkion, the name and place of abode of the perfon who is to bring fuch adlion, and the name and place of abode of the faid attorney or agent, and that a fee of twenty (hillings fhal! be paid for the preparing and ferving of every fuch notice, and no more.

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

v That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of the faid of- Officer, with-ficers, or other perfons adtingin their aid, to whom fuch notice in a month (hall be given as aforefaid, at any time, within one calendar month after fuch notice (hall have been given, to tender amends der amends to the party complaining, or to his or her agent or attorney, etc. and in cafe the fame is not accepted, to plead fuch tender in b3r to any adlion to be brought againft him grounded on fuch writ or procefs, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea, with leave of the court; and if, upon iffue joined thereon, the jury (hall find the amends fo tendered to have been fufficient, then they (hall give a verdidt for the defendant or defendants; and in fuch cafe, or in cafe the plaintiff (hall become nonfuited, or difcontinue his or her adtion, or in cafe judgement (hall be given for fuch defendant or defendants upon demurrer, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall be intitled to the like cofts, as he would have been intitled to in cafe he had pleaded the general iffue only; and if upon iffue fo joined, the jury (hall find that no amends were tendered, or that the fame were not fufficient, and fhall alfo find againft the defendant ox defendants in fuch other plea or pleas, then they (hall give 3 verdid for the plaintiff, and fuch damages as they (ball think -proper, together with his or her cofts of fuit.

XVIII.	Provided

Google

2^8

No evidence of the caufe of ad ion to be produced,except that contained in luch notice.

defendant allowed to pay money into court.

Limitation of a&ions.

General iffue.

Treble cofts.

In a&ions brought relative to fei-zures, proof of payment of duties to lie on the claimer.

Anrio vicfefimo quihto Georgii III. c. 63. [1785.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no plaintiff, in any cafe where an adion (hall be grounded on any ad done by the defendant, fhall be permitted to produce any evidence of the caufe of fuch adion, except fuch as (hall be contained in the notice to be given as aforefaid, or fhall recover any verdid againft fuch officer or perfons ading in his aid, unlefs he fhallprove, on the trial of fuch adion, that fuch notice was given, and that in default

fuch proof, the defendant in fuch adion fhall recover a verdid and cofts as aforefaid.

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe fuch officer, or others ading in his aid, fhall neg-led to tender any amends, or fhall have tendered inefficient amends7, before the adion brought, it fhall and may be lawful for him or them, by leave of the court where fuch adion fhall be brought, at any time before iffue joined, to pay into court fuch fum of money as he or they fhaJl fee fit, whereupon fuch proceedings, orders, and judgements fhall be had, made, and given, in and by fuch court, as in other adions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any adion or fuit fhall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any matter or thing done by any officer or officers for the fait duties, or any others ading hi his or their aid, in execution of, or by reafon of his or their office, fuch adion or fuit fhall be brought or commenced within three months next after the caufe of adion fhall arife, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fads were committed, and not in any other county or place; and the defendant or defendants fhajl and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their adion or fuit, or if, upon a verdid or demurrer, judgement fhallbe given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble cofts, and have fuch remedies for the fame, as any defendant or defendants can or may have in other cafes where cofts are given by law.

XXL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any fait, fifh, or other goods, liable to the duties on fait, or any other duties under the management of the commif-fidners for the faid duties on fait, fhall be feized by virtue of, or in purfuance of any ad or ads of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made; or if any adion fhall be brought by the owner or claimer of any fuch fair, fifh, or other goods, Againft any officer or officers for the fait duties, or any perfon jading in their affiftance, for any thing done in purfuance of any fuch ad or ads, the proof of the payment of the faid duties upon fuch fait, fifh, or other goods To feized, (hall lie upon the owner or claimer of fuch fait, fifh, or other goods, and not on -	the

Hosted by

Google

17&5C] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. C.63.	269

the perfon who feized the fame* or againfl whom fuch adtion (hall be brought.	’

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority tiforefaid,

That if any perfon or .perfons (halL obftru&, aflault,' refift, op- Penalty on pofe, moleft, or hinder any officer or officers of the fait duties pbftru&ing in the execution of his or their office, or in the execution of any 0 cers* of the feveral powers and authorities given or granted to fuch officers by this or any other a& now in force, or hereafter to be made; or (hall beat or abufe the faid officers, or any of them, in the execution of their office; every perfon or perfons fo ofr, fending (hall' feverally forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum Of one hundred pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the firft day of Augufl, one thoufand feven From Aug. r, hundred and eighty-five, upon the entry of any claim to any 1785, claim-horfes or other cattle, or to any carriages, or to any: (hip, boat, bv°vir-or other veffel, or to any fait, fi(h, or other goods, or the pack- tue of any fait age thereof, or to any other thing whatfoever, feized for any act, to enter caufe of forfeiture, by virtue of any ac5t or adts of parliament into bond to now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the duties on Paf cofts> &c* fait, or any other duties under the management of the com-miffioners for the fait duties, the perfon or perfons who (hall enter the claim, as the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof (in cafe fuch claimant (hall refide in the kingdom of Great Britain)^ (hall be bound, with two other fufijcient fecu-rities, in the penalty of one hundred pounds, to anfwer and pay the cofts occafioned by fuch claim; and if fuch owner or proprietor (hall not refide in Great Britain, then, and in fuch cafe, the attorney or follicitor, by vvhofe jliredtion fuch claim (hall be entered, (hall, in like manner, be bound with two other fufficient fecurities, in the like penalty, to anfwer and pay the cofts occafioned by fuch claim, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV.	And whereas, by the feveral regulations hereby ejlablijhed,

and by the reduction in the allowances granted by former ails of par-	" .::

liament, the produce of the fever al and refpeftive duties on fait will be much incteafed\ be it therefore enadted. That a juft and reafon- A Juft pro-ahle proportion (hall be taken by the calhier of the faid fait du-ties, out of the monies that (hall arife and come to his hands, ta^nCfor° for the refpedtive duties granted by the before recited adls of the duties the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King granted by the George the Second, and of the twentieth and twenty-fecond tormer acts-years of the reign of his prefent Majefty; and he the faid calhier ia,oool. to be (hall fet apart, and pay into the receipt of his Majefty’s exche- Paid annually quer, the annual fum of twelve thoufand pounds, by payments chequer C*' of three thoufand pounds each quarter; videlicet? on or before	*

the tenth day of Oftober^ the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, arid the fifth day of July\ in every year, the firft quarterly payment to be paid for the quarter which will end the tenth day of Qflobery one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five; and fuch quarterly fum and fums of three thoufand pounds;

fo

Hosted by Google

all other mo nies.

Application

thereof.

applied.

276	Anno	vicefimo	quinto	GeoRSII	III.	c.	63.	[1785*

and entered fo to be paid into the laid receipt of the exchequer* (hall be en-feparate from tered and kept diftindi and apart from all other monies paid and payable to4 his Majefty; his heirs apd fucceflbrs; and thall, together with fuch other rates, duties, and revenues, as are or fliall be granted by any adt or adls of this feflion of parliament, be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable, purfuant to an act of this prefent feffion of parliament* (intituled. An aft for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy> vie-Mailing, and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures.)

XXV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Penalties and That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this adf impofed, forfeitures and all other fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by any former act

covered^mid6"	or	hereafter	to	be impofed, relating to the duties on

covere an	or any other duty now or hereafter to be under the ma-

nagement of the commifiioners for the duties on fait, fliall be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or fait duties, now in being, or hereafter to be made refpedtiveJy; and that no appeal or writ of certiorari fliall be allowed upon any judgement or conviction in any penalty or forfeiture inflicted, either by this or any other act made or to be made relating to the duties on fait, or any other duties under the management of the commifiioners for the fait duties, or by any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, fliall be allowed, or more than one imparlance ; any law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftandingj and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, and forfeiture, (not otherwife directed by any former act) fliall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who fliall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fliall be fued, molefted, or

may plead the profecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this general iffue, or any otjier a£t now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the duties on fait, or other duties under the management of the commifiioners for the duties on fait, fuch perfon or perfons fliall and may plead the general ifiue, and give this act, or fuch other adf, and the fpecial matter in evidence, in his or their defence or defencesj apd if afterwards a verdict (hall pafs for th$ defendant or defendants* or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall dif-continue his or their action or actions, or be nonfuited, or judgement fliall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife* then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft any fuch plaintiff of plaintiffs.

XXVII.	And whereas many perfons, having incurred heavy penalties by reafon of offences committed againft the laws for collefting and fecuring the duties on fait) and on account of foreign and Britifh

fait

Defendants

and recover treble cofts.

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefitno quinto GEORGH III. c. 64.	2.71

fait delivered duty-free for the fi/heries, are deterred from renouncing their evil courfes, through fear of being difcovered by fame of their officiates, and thereby fubjeded to profecution: and whereas it is ex-pedient to extend a pardon and indemnity to perfons under the afore-/aid circumfiances; be it therefore enafted, That no profecution, perfoot by bill, plaint, information, or a&ion of debt, (hall be commen- indemnified ced for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture incurred by reafon for offences of any offence committed, by any perfon or perfons, againft any of the provifions of any ad or ads for colJeding and fecur- duties, before ing the duties under the management of the commiftioners of June i, 1785, the fait duties, committed before the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, but that the faid penalties and forfeitures be wholly pardoned and releafed.

C A P. LXtV.

An aft for altering and amending anoCl, made in the lajl fejfion of parliament9 intituled, An ad for granting to his Majefty certain duties on all gold and filver plate imported,, and alia certain duties on all gold and filver wrought plate made in Great Britain.	\

WHEREAS by an aCl, made in the twenty fourth year 0/* Preamble* the reign of his prefent Majejfly, intituled, An ad for Recitaj Qf granting to his Majefty certain .duties on all gold and filver 44Geo.‘3. b. plate imported, and alfo certain duties on all gold and filver 53* wrought plate made in Great Britain, after reciting, That gold and filver wares, when fent to be marked and affayed, were fent in fa rude and rough a Jiate, that the fame in the finifhing were greatly lejfened in weight, it was enacted, That the perfon appointed by the feveral companies, or affay offices, to take and receive the monies and duties diretted by the faid aft, Jhould, where fuch plate was fent to be marked and affayed in the fame rude and rough Jiate as theretofore had been ufual, make a deduction of one fifth from the weighty and an allowance of one fifth part of the duty impofed by the faid a Cl, to the perfon or perfons bringing the fame: and whereas doubts have arifen upon the confiruCtion of the words rude and rough ftate as theretofore had been ufual, the manufacturers having been accujlomed, time immemorial, to fetid in their work in various fates to the affay offices to be marked and affayed, and great inconveniences and difputes frequently arifa between the manufacturers and affay officers, on the confiruCtion of the faid words: for remedy whereof,

, be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the twenty-fourth From July 14, day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, the 1785, the per-perfon appointed by the faid companies or affay offices to take and receive the monies and duties direded by the faid ad, Dufies payable where fuch plate is fent to be marked in any unfinifhed ftate, for marking Jothajt a diminution in the weight thereof muft neceffarily re- of plate, may

main to be made by the worker or manufacturer thereof, before “ake an ai"

4	lowajaceot

Hosted by

Google



iyi	Anno	vicdimo	quinta	Georgii HI. c. 64*	[ 1785/

1-6th part of the fame (hall be finilhed, (hall, in refped of fuch diminution the duty for as aforefaid, make a deduction of one ibcth part from the Pla*e . weight, and an allowance of one fixth part of the 4uty impofed unfinUhVd *** ^7 Afe faid ad, to the perfon or perfons bringing the fame, inflate.* ftead of One.fifth part, as by the laid recited ad is direded$ and Ihall, at the bottom of the note or memorandum* by the faid ad direded t6he kept and filed; exprefs the dedudion from the weight, and the allowance of the duty accordingly, as in and by thedaid ad was direded*

T*wo claufes H. And whereas by the faid recited aft it was alfo enabled. That, in the act of in cafe any perfon or perfons whatfoever Jhould, at any time or times la ft feflion re- after the jirfi day of December, one thoufand /even hundred and cited,	eighty-four,	during the continuance of the duties by the faid aft im-

pofed upon wrought plate, or manufactures of gold and fiver, export, by way of merchandize, for any foreign parti, any plate of gold or fliver, wrought or manufactured in this kingdom, which by the faid aft is charged or chargeable with the refpeftive duties of eight Jhillings per ounce, and fixpence per ounce, and the fame Jhould appear to have been made and marked as aforefaid, after the firfi day ^ December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, and the duty thereby directed Jhould have been paid thereon $ and Jhould give fuffident fecurity, ^before; the /hipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantities of fuch plate or manufactures of gold and fiver, intended-to be exported a; aforefaid? and every part thereof,. Jhould not be reloaded or brought again into Great Britain, and Jhould male proof, upon oath, that the fame gold or fiver plate or. manufactures ivere actually made and marked as aforefaid, after the faid firf day ^December, one thoufand feven hundred, and eighty-four ; and Jhould alfo produce or deliver to fuch cufiomer or collector a certificate under the hand of the perfon to whom fuch wrought plate or manufactures of gold and flyer were configned, certifying that the fame had been received, and mentioning the weight and particular fpecies of plate fo configned and received, the name of the perfon con-figning the fame,, the name of the veffel, and the name of the captain commanding fuch veffel, and the port of Great Britain from which the faid veffel was cleared, and the port to which fuch veffel. was bound; and Jhould alfo, where the drawback fimld amount to five pounds, and upwards, authenticate fuch certificate by notarial aft in writing, and where the fame could not be done by a notarial aft, then the fame Jhould be authenticated under the hand and feal of the chief magifirate of the city, town, or place, where fuch wrought plate or manufacture of gold and jilver Jhould be received; that then the faid cuf omer or collector Jhould give to the exporter thereof a debenture, expreffing the true kinds and quantities of fuch plate and ■ '	\ manufactures of gold or Jilver fo exported, or Jbtpped to be exported ;

and the exportation or Jhipping thereof being certified by the fearcben Upon the faid debenture, the collector or receiver of the faid duty on plate, upon the faid debenture fo certified being produced.to him, Jhould ’ forthwith pay a drawback or allowance after the rate of eight /hillings for every ounce Troy on gold, and fixpence for every ounce Troy oti fiver plate or manufacture, out of the money in his hands, in the u	manner

N Hosted by Google

1785O Anno vkefimo qubto Georgii III. c. 64.	*73

manner in the /aid aft particularly mentioned and fet forth : and whereas the great delay in with-bolding the drawback, in cafes where fitch plate or manufacture of gold and fiver is wanted to be exported to the Eart and Weft Indies, and to other difant parts, until the certificate, directed in the faid recked claufe, can be procured from the persons to whom fucb wrought plate is configntd, tends greatly to impede the exportation of gold and fiver manufactured plate to foreign parts, and is very injurious to the manufacturers thereof: and whereas by the feud recited aCt it was olfo further enaCitd, Thai all wrought gold and fiver plate, which Jhould be intended to be exported from this kingdom into any foreign parts, Jhouldbefore the fame was flipped, be brought to the ajfay office, and Jhould there be Jumped with the figure of a Britannia, in order to denote that fuch plate was intended for exportation, and to be allowed the drawback thereon : and whereas the ft riling the Britannia mark on many artieks of wrought gold and filver plate, in theirfinifbedfate, can in no way be praCliJtd without doing material damage to fuch wrought plate; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth and repealed, day of July, one thousand feven hundred and eighty-five, the faid two laft recited claufes in the faid act contained, and each of them, (hall be, and the fame are hereby refpectively repealed.

III. And, in order to prevent any injury to the manufacturers of gold and fiver plate, and for the better encouragement of the exportation thereof, be it enafted, That in cafe any perfon or perfons Claufe For the wfiatfoever (hah, at any ticn* or times after the twenty-fourth encourage-day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, dur- ment of the ing die continuance of the duties by the faid recited act impofed of goM^and upon wrought plate, or manufactures of gold and filver, ex- fiiver plate, ported by way of merchandize, for any foreign parts, any plate of gold or filver, wrought or manufactured in this kingdom, which, by the faid recited aCt, is charged or chargeable with the faid refpedtive duties of eight (hillings per ounce, and fixpence per ounce, and the fame lhail appear to have been made or marked as aforefaid, after the faid firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and the duties thereby directed (hall have been paid thereon, and fhall give fuffi-eient fecurity, before the (hipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantities of fuch plate, or manufactures of gold or filver, intended to be exported as aforefaid, and every part thereof, (hall not be re-landed or brought again into Great Britain \ and (hall make proof, upon oach, that the fame gold or filver plate, or manufactures, were actually made or marked as aforefaid, after the time in the faid recited act mentioned, which fecurity (hall be taken in the King’s name, and to bi9 ufe, and the oath or oaths adminiftered by the cuftomcr or collector of the refpective port of fuch exportation, without fee or reward; that then, and in every fuch cafe, and without the production of any fuch certificate, or notarial or other act in writing, as in the faid act is mentioned, the faid cuftomer or collator (hall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, exprefiT-Vol. XXXV.	T	injg

Hosted by Google

£74	Anno viceGmo quinta Georgii	[1785.

ing the trud kinds arid quantities mf fuel! plate and manufactures of gold or filver fo exported, or (hipped to be exported ; arid-the exportation or (hipping thereof being certified by the fearcher upon the faid debenture, the collector or receiver of the (aid duty upon plate, at the feveral aflay offices where the fame were marked and affayed, (hall, upon the faid debenture, fo certified, being produced to him, forthwith pay a drawback or allowance, after the rate of eight (hillings per ounce Troy, and proportionably for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch plate, or manufacture of gold ; and after the rate of fixpence for every ounce Troy, and proportionably for every greater or lefs quantity of fuch plate, or manufacture of filver, out of the money of the faid duties on plate, or manufactures of gold and filver, then in the hands of the faid receiver or collector, without fee or reward ^ and if the faid collector or receiver (hall not have money in his hands to pay any fuch debenture, then the receiver general of the (lamp-duties for the time being, is hereby required to pay, or caufe to be paid, the faid debenture, out of the duties arifing ‘by this aCt, any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

Gold and fit- IV, And be it further enaCted, That the exporters of gold ver watches, and filver watches (hall mark or engrave in the infide of every how to be cafe or box of each watch, inclofing the works thereof, the ^inar ed. fame numbers and figures which (hall be refpeCHvely marked or engraved on the works of the watch which (hall be inclofed in fuch bafe or box.

V, Andy the better to prevent the fraudulent relanding, of any plate in this kingdom, aftenthe drawback has been paid' and allowed for the fame, it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore-Bonds to re- faid* That all fecurities and bonds, required to be taken as afore-main in force, faid, (hall continue and remain in force, until every fuch expbr-Scularsherein'ter^ any wrought plate, or manufactures of gold and filver, (hall mentioned ‘ produce and deliver to fuch cuftomer or collector the bill of lading (hall be com* -thereof* and which (hall have at the foot the receipt of the plied with. matter of the veffel on board of which the faid plate or, manufactures were (hipped, and alfo. a receipt or certificate, on the back of fuch bill of lading, under the hand of the perfon to - whom fuch wrought plate or manufactures of gold and filver were configned, certifying or acknowledging that the fame

•	have been received, and mentioning in fuch receipt or certifi-’ cate the true kinds and quantities of plate fo configned and re-

•	ceived, and tlve name of the perfon configuring the fame * and /alfo, if filch plate (hall confift of watches, the numbers or fi-

•	gures marked, or engraved in the infide of the cafe or box of each-fuch watch* that then fuch fecurities and bonds (hall and

Bonds to be ;*nay be delivered up and cancelled.

o^th^loftPof	?rov^ec* always, and be it further enadted, That where

any veife°l ex-* ^P or veffel, on board of which fuch plate, or manufac-porting fuch tures of gold and filver, or watches, were (hipped, (hall be loft, goods. or (hall not, within the fpacf of three years, return to any port

*•-«	-	V	.	-	»	in

Hosted by Google

I Anno vicefimo quinto GeorGii III. c. 6$i	17$

Hi Great Britain \ upon due proof thereof being made to the icuftomer or coile#or at the port at which the faid drawback was. received, and the faid bonds given, the faid cuftomer or colje&or Hiali deliver up to fuch exporters their fecurities and bonds, fo given by them, in order that the fame may be cancelled, if qo fraud therein (hall in the mean time halve appeared, or no profecution thereon (hall have been commenced/

G A P. LXV.

An aft for the further encouragement ofthe Britifli fijberies*

WHEREAS the extending' and.improving of the Britifh fijhery Preamble.

hath been frequently declared by parliament to be of great importance to this kingdom, inafmuch as It not only adds ccnfiderably to the national wealth, but is moreover at fruitful nurfery of able fearnen jor the publick fervice : and whereas,by an aft paffied in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An a<5f for the n Geo. 3. c* encouragement of the white herring fifhery, a bounty of thirty 3i* fallings per ton is made payable annually to the owner or owners of all decked byffls Or vefiels, from twenty to eighty tons burthen* fitted out and employed in the faid. fifheries, for the fpace or term of feven years, from and after the twenty fecond day of Odober, one. thoufand [even hundred and feventy-one, and to the end of the then next enfuing fejjion of parliament, in the% manner, and under the regulations there-' in mentioned: and whereas, by an aftfpdffef^ the nineteenth yfar 19 Geo. $. 6, of his faid Majefiys reign,for continuing and amending the faid aft,16 • it was ena fted. That the faid former aft JhopJd, from and after the term in the faid former aft mentioned, be continued for and during the further term offeven years,.and from Iheriee id the end of the then next fejjion of parliament: and where#* it plight tend to the encouragement of the faid fijhery, by inducing a greater number o f perfons N to engage, therein, if the faid .bounty were extended, under certain re(iriftionsx to the owners of decked bitjfes or vejfels of a. greater bur-then than eighty tons: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be.enaded; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by arid with the.advice and. confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, infthis prefent parliament aflembled, and by ihe authority of the fame. That, From Aug. 1, from and after the.firft dny ot Augufl, one thoufand feven hurt* *785* the dred and: eighty-five, the ia»J bounty of thirty (hillings per ton per^on°ex°S* (hall, during the coneinuauce ct the term for which’ the fapie tended to all was fq granted, be extended to, and be payable and paid to decked vef-the owner or owners of, all decked bpffes or velTels, of what fels, except burthen foever the fame may be, other than and except decked burthen° ton4 bufles or veffels upder twenty tons burthen, which (hall be in all refpeds (fave only in refped to theit burthen or tonnage) built, fitted out, vifited, and Jicenfed, according to the directions of the faid laft mentioned ad, and (hall be manned, vie* tualled, furniftted, and accoutred, in proportion to their re-fpedive rates of tonnage, in the manner by the faid ad preferred for the manning, vfdualling, furnilhing, and ’atfcout-

T 2	ring

Hosted by Google

Preamble, relative to places of rendezvous appointed by former acts*

Part of the faid acts repealed.

Owner, etc. to be fworn before clearance outwards.

The forth.

Anno vicefimo qointo OfibfcGl! lit. 6J6$. f17^.

ring bufles and veffels of a burthen not exceeding that of eighty tons: provided nevcrthelefs, that ho owner or owners (hall be intitled to the faid bounty for tnore than eighty tons, upon or in refped of any bufs or veffel, although fuch bufs or veffel (hall exceed that burthen.

II.	Andwherea,s, in and by the faid recited aft of the eleventh year of his prefent Majejlfs reign, certain times and places are appointed for the rendezvous of all decked bujfes and vejfels employed in the faid fijhery, and certain oaths are thereby alfo direfted to be taken by the Owner and mafier, or chief officer of every fuch bufs or vejfd, before the colie ft or or comptroller of the port of her clearance outwards, previous to the departure of fuch bufs or veffel, and by the faid mafter or chief officer, after her return to fuch port as aforcjaid, In order to her difcharge, as well in refpeft to her being at one of the faid places of rendezvous, as in refpeft to feveral other matters therein fpecified: and whereas by the faid aft, made in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majejlfs reign, for continuing and amending the faid former aft, the times of rendezvous were altered, and other places of rendezvous were added to thofe appointed by the faid former aft: and whereas the compelling bujfes and vejfels, employed in the faid fijhery, to rendezvous at the places, and within the times, in and by the faid aft appointed and limited for that purpofe refpeftivety, has been found extremely inconvenient, and injurious tv the owners of fuch vefi Jets9 and to the pet fans employed therein, and is a great difcourage-went to the fijhery \ bmt therefore further enadted, That fo much, and fuch parts of the faid two feverally recited adts, as diredt that any decked bufs or veffel (hall proceed to or be at any of the places of rendezvous, in and by the faid adis For that purpofe appointed, and alfo fo much and fuch parts of the faid re* cited a# of the eleventh year of hta prefent Majefty’s reign, as diredi that the owner or mafter, or chief officer of any fuch veflel, (hall make fuch feveral oaths as are therein preferibed, (hall be, and the fame are hereby repeated; and that, inftead thereof, the owner or owners, and mafter or chief officer of the veflel (hall, before her clearanee, take and fubferibe an oath, before the cOlIedtor or comptroller of the port of clearance outwards, in the following form j that is to fay,

I A. B. do fwear, That it' is really and truly my firm purpofe and ( determined refolution, that the bufs or vejjel, now lying in the V port of f	called (Fpecifying the names

of the port and veflel,) as now manned, furnifhed, and accoutred, ffiall proceed immediately Upon the BrltUh white herring fijhery, there to continue fijhing, in an orderly regular manner, for the fpate of three, inghths at the leaf , {iinltfs fbe jfhrtll have fooner Completed her full loading of fijh,) without impeding or obftfufting any other vejfeh which jhatl be employed.in the faid fijhery %

So help me GOD.

And that the mafter, 6t chief officer of the veffel, after her return to port in order to her difeharge, (hall lifcewifetake and

fubferibe

Hosted by CjOO^IC

17S5*] Aohq viccfimo qvunto Geqrgix III. c, $§*	%jy

tubfcribe 1he following oath, .before the fcid cqlledtor or comp^ troJlerj that is,to fay,

1A, B. do }\wear, That the bufs or veffel* called the	Oath to be

now lying in the port of	(fpecifyjng	takj:n byfthe

the names of rl>e veffel and port,) did> without delay proceed ^turn into* from the /aid port, upon, her kfi clearance from thence outwards, to port. or upon the British white herring fifhery^ atfd did there remain and continue employed in fijhing for herrings* or other fi/hfaccording to law 5 and that during all that, time, the quantity of nets and other fares, and number of men by law in that behalf\ required were on board the /aid bufs or veffel* or were employed in the lawful prof ecu-tion of the faid fifheryi and that, the faid bufs or veffel hath, not*fince her [aid loft clearance outwards from the faid port, been qn( any other voyage, or purfued any other defign or. view of profit than that of iating fifty and faking or curing the fame, orJolting or curing other frefh fifh lawfully pur chafed at fea; and that all the fifh brought into port by the faid bufs or veffel* were taken by the crew belonging there• to* [and in cafe of the bufs or veffel not returning till after the expiration of three months, the following wprd.s are to be added to the faid oath, (videlicet,) or were purchafed of Britilh fub~ jeds.]

So help nte GjQ D.

III.	And be it further enafled, That, from apd after the From Aug. r, firft; day of Augufi* one thoufand feyeo hundred and eighty-five, i785,alldeck-the owners or matters of any decked bufles or ^effels, being edveflels, on built, manned, victualled, furnilh,qd, accoutred, ftpred, fitted ^i^certain out, and licenfed in the manner required by the faid recited adt conditions, of the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and which (hall be intit-fhall clear out of any port of Great Britain at any time or times Jfd t0 th£ between the firft day of June and the firft day of Oflob&r* and p^rton? 3°S# (hall proceed immediately upon the white herring filbery, and ^

(hall there begin and continue to fifty, according to the regulations of the (aid laft mentioned 9ft, and of this prefent a<ft, without returning into port for the fpace of three calendar months, to be computed from the day upon which fqch owners or mafters refpecfively firft (hot or wetted their nets, or (hall return into port within that fpace of time with a full cargo of fifh, taken wholly by the crew of fuch bufs or veffd*, (hall be intitled to the faid bounty of thirty (hillings per tonj -any thing in the faid two feverally recited a<3$, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV. And be it further enadted. That in cafe the crew of any Regulations bufs or veflel, employed in the faid white herring fiftiery, (hall, relative to during the time of their continuance at fea, catch any cod, ling, ing*and or hake, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch crew to take and ufe, for the falting or curing of fuch cod, ling, or hake, a fuflicient quantity of the fait on board of fuch buis or veffel, for which they (hall be intitled to the fame allowance as if the fame had been confirmed in, the felting or curing of her-

T 3	rings.

Hosted by

Google

Owners of decked veffels may purchafe, at fea, frefh herrings, etc. from Britifh iubje&s.

178	Anno	viccfimo qtiinto Georgh III. c. 65. [ 1 ;$g*

rings, but fo as neverthelefs that no bounty (hall be allowed on the exportation of fuch cod, ling, or hake; and to that intent all Cuch cod, Jing, and hake (hall, on the landing thereof, and before the fame (hall be removed from (hore, have part of the tail cut off in the prefence of the colle&or or comptroller of the port, that it may be known that the owners of the fifh for marked are not intitjed, in refpeft thereof, to any bounty upon the exportation^of the fame; and the faid c6lie<5tor or comptroller is hereby impowered and required to cut off, or caufe fo to be in his prefence, part of the tail of all fuch cod, ling, and hake, on the landing thereof ; and if any of fuch cod, ling, or hake, (hall be landed or removed from the fhore before the fame (hall be tendered to the faid co)le<51or or comptroller to have part of the tail cut off as aforefaid, all the fifh fo landed or removed (hall be forfeited, together with double the value thereof, to be recovered of the importer of fuch fi(h, or of the proprietor or matter pi the veffel.

V. And be it further ena<5led. That it (hall and may be law-* fu] to and for the owners or chief officers of any decked buffes of veffels, femployed in the faid fifhery, to purchafe in any part of the Teas, or other waters where fueh fifh are to be found; any quantity or quantities of fre(h and unfalted herrings, cp$J, ling; or hake, from or out of any boat or boats belonging to Britijb fubje&s; and alfo to (hip any quantity of fiih, as well • what they (hall catch or take, as what they (hallTo purchafe on ' board of any other Britijh veflel or veffels; and that the owner '	or owners, or chief officer or officers, of fuch laff-mentioned

veffel or veffels (hall be at liberty to enter and land the tifli fo ■' (hipped on board thereof, in any port or ports of Great Britain, in fuch and the fame manner as the owners or chief officers of _ the buffes or veflels, put of which the fame (hall be fo (hipped. Particulars to could or might have lawfully done; oath being taken and fub-pefwomto fcribed, by the owner or chief officer of each refpe$ive veffel bringing fuch fifh into port, before the collector or comptroller of the port where the fame (hall be entered, fpecifyin’g the forts of fifh, and the refpetfive quantities of each fort, together with the name or names of the bufs or veffel, buffes or veffels, from which the faid fifh were (hipped, and of the refpe&ive mafler or chief officer thereof ?nd of the port or ports from whence the faid bufs or Veffel, buffes or veffels, was or were cleared y and alfq that fuch fifh were, according to the bed of his know-ledgeand belief, caught and falted, or caught and cured, as the cafe may be, by Britijh fubje<3s ; and the collector or comptroller of the port, at which fuch fi(h (hall be fo entered and landed, (hall, upon demand, deliver gratis, to, any of the owners of fuch fifh, a certificate under his hand and feal, fpecifying the particulars of the fame, and the falling or cure thereof; which certificate (hall be admitted as proof of the confumption of the fait ufed in the falting or curing of fueh filh, as the cafe may be.	_

VI.	Provided always, That no owner or owners of any bofe

or

on landing thereof.

Hosted by

Google

t7&5<] Anno vicefimo quintoQeorgii III. c. 65.;.	279

or veflel, which (hall return* into port from the faicj fiftiery* Veflels re-within the faid fpace of three calendar.months, to be computed turning into from the day whereon the nets belonging to fuch bufs or veffel P°rt within were firft (hot or wetted, without a full cargo of herrings y . or without a"full having a full cargo, unlefs the whole of fuch cargo was bona cargo, ncStin-fide caught and taken by the crew belonging to fuch bufs^or, titled to veffel, (hall be intitled to any bounty in refpedtof the tonnage bounty, of fuch bufs or veffel; any thing herein, or in any other a<S, contained to the contrary notwithftanding. '	,

VII.	And* for reviving and encouraging the cod fijbeyy in the north feas and Iceland, and that the fame may he, carried on with fuccefs* be it further enadted. That the matter of any boat or From Aug. 1, veffel, bound on a fifhing voyage to the. faid north feas or leer *7;85> matters land* (hall, from and after the firft day of Auguji* one thoufand ?t vc^e]8 th feven hundred and eighty-five, be allowed to take from any fait fe°8 works or fait pits, any quantity of Briti/h fait for the faltijng or Iceland may curing of fi(h, without paying any; duty for the fame, fuch fait take fait for being weighed at the fait pit or fait .works in the prefenee of an curing of filh officer for the duties upon fait, and being lodged in a warehouse ^ ^Lpay* under the lock and key of the faid officer, as weft as of the proprietor of the faid fait; which fair, fo lodged as aforefaid,*fhajl remain in the cuftody of the faid officer, jointly with the faid proprietor, until the,fame (hall be delivered put to-be put on board the filhing veflel, and fo from time to time on each fuc-ceeding voyage; and upon the return of fuch veffel from, the Salt not ufed filhing voyage, the whole of the fait in fuch veffel, which (hall tobe returned not have been ufed under the authority of this acl, in the fait- ware" ing or curing of. filh as aforpfaid, (hall again be lodged under the like guftody as. aforefaid, the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their .agent or agents, entering, at the next office for the duty on fait, the refpe&ive quantities of Briti/h fait fo lodged by him qr them from time to time as aforefaid, and the faid officer keeping ^n account of every refpe<5tive quantity of the	1

faid fait fo entered and lodged in his cuftody as aforefaid; and Previous to that previous to every filhing voyage, the proprietor or pro<- every voyage, prietors of the faid fait, or his or their agent or agents, (hall ofCfalTmVend* make oath in writing, before the officer for the duty on fait, at ed for curing the office neareft to the place where the faid fait, is lodged, de- filh, to make daring the quantity of the fait lodged as aforefaid, and that all oath ^tlle the laid fait is intended for the curing of fifli to be caught at {^ged^etc^ the north leas, or at Iceland* and (hall not, by his or their, order, confent, or connivance, di redly or indirectly, be fold, given away,.or any ways delivered but far the purpofe aforefaid;	*

after which oath, fo made as aforefaid, and filed up by the faid officer, in the laid office, the officer, in the joint cuftody of whom, and of the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agent or agents, the fait has continued during the interval of the fifhing -voyage, (hall deliver into the foie cuftody of the faid proprietor or proprietors, his or their agent or agents, all the faid fait for the curing of fifti to be taken during the, faid filhing voyage; and that, at the end of every filhing voyage, the officer for the fajd '	'	T4	duty

Hosted by Google

ing the quantity of fifh entered, etc.

£86	Anno	vicefimo	qmntd	Gtotoit	III.	c.$$.	{i) $gi

ddty on fait (hall take a particular account of the quantity of fait remaining in hand, which remaining fait (hall be immedr* ately locked up hi the joint buftody of the faid officer arid pro'* prietor or proprietor?, his Or their agent or agents, as afore* at the end . arl({ faid proprietor or proprietors, his or rheir agent or deliver a writ-	tifing the faid fait, (hall, as foon as poflible, after the

ten account bt\A of every fifhing voyage, deliver an account in writing into to the fait of- the faid office for the duty on fait, fpecifying the quantity of fice, fpecify- fi(h entered with the proper officer or officers of the port or ppfrts where fitch fifb was landed* in the curing or falling bf Which any of the fait taken away, after its delivery into the fole eoftfidy of the faid proprietor or proprietors* his or their agent or agents, ha* been ufed or confuted, together with a centifteite bt cdrtifieates from the proper officer or officers of the port or ports where the fold fi(h were fo entered, verifying the laid account; which certificate or certificates fuch officer of officers is arid are hereby directed to give gratis, and which faid account delivered into the office as aforefaid, (hall be affirmed by the oath of the faid proprietor or proprietors, his or their agferit or agents* ufiftg the faid fait, and (hall remain in the faid office* to the end that the quantity of fi(h felted or cured arid entered* and the quantity of fait ufed in faking of Curing the fame, may; from time to time, appear upon oath, and be compared together; and in cafe any of the faid fait (hall be delivered over to any other perfon or perfons, to be by hirri of them ufed in fairing or curing of fi(h, the quantity or quantities of fait fo delivered over1 (hall be exprefled in the faid account; and each perfon to whom fuch fait (hall be fo delivered* dr his

__________ agent, (ball likewife, upon oath* make another account of the

anjiccount of particular quantity of fuch fait ufed by each of them in the fait-the quantity ing or curing of fifh; which account, together with the propel certificates, as aforefaid, (hall likewife be trarifmitted into the office aforefaid; there to remain, for the purpofes above mentioned; and if fuch proprietor, or his agent* or any other per-fon or perfons to whom any quantity of fait (hall be delivered over as aforefaid, (hall* for the fpace of fix months after the end of every refpe&ive fifhing feafon, refufe or neglect to deliver fuch account, attefted upon oath, as aforefaid, fuch bn penalty of proprietor or othei* perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit isol.	the fum of one hundred pounds.

Reftri&ions VIII. Provided always, and be it fartherenatfed, That no part on delivering 0f fajt fo (hipped as aforefaid (hall be afterwards refhipped or out a tat ea. delivered out at fea to any perfon or perfons, fave only irr the north feas or at Iceland, and to Britijh fubje<fts belonging to fifhing veflels which (hall have been regularly cleared out of a Britijh port; and that fo often as any fait (hall be fo delivered out as aforefaid, the owner or matter of the veffel from whence the fame (hall be refhipped, (hall make and fubferibe an oath before the eolle&or or comptroller of the port of his out-fit, fpecifying the quantity delivered, and the names of the veflels on board of which the faid fait (hall have been (hipped, and t&

the

Every perfon receiving fait as aforefaid, (hall deliver

ufed in each voyage.

Hosted by Google

i	Armb	vicefimo	qumto	Gborgii HL c. 65^	z$g

the owner and matter thereof, and the place of her out-fit, tfr the intent that, if both veffels fhall not have been cleared out-** wards from one ihd the fame port, the refpc&ive collectors or comptrollers of the feveral ports of clearance of fuch veffels may be duly informed, by each other, of the circumftances of the* cafe, and which they are hereby exprefsly required, from time to time, to communicate to each other forthwith ; and alfo to the intent that the federal owners or matters, through whofe hands any of fuch fait fhall pafs, may be charged with and call* ed upon, at the ports of their refpe&ive out-fits, to account upon oath for the due confumption of the fame in the fairing or curing of fi(h; arid the like rule and regulation (hall be, and are hereby ena&ed and eftablifhed, for the due accounting for the faid fait through whofefoever hands the fame (hall or may }>afs at fea.

11 IX. Provided alfo* and be it further ena&ed and declared,

That no bounty whatfoever fhall be paid or allowed upon the No bounty to Exportation of any cod, ling, Hake, or other fifh, which fhall be paid on be brought or imported into Great Britain from Iceland or the exportation the north feas, any a<tt or ftatute to the contrary notwithftand- broucht^nim tng: afrd, to the intent that no fuch bounty may be allowed, the north all fuch cod, ling, or other fifh, fo imported as afofefaid, fhalf, feas, etc. on the landing thereof, and before the fame fhall be removed from fhore, have part of the tail cut off in the prefence of the collector or comptroller of the port, that it may be known that the owner or owners of the fi(h fo marked are not intitled, in refpedb thereof, to any bounty on the exportation of the fame.

X.	And be it further ena&ed. That when and fo often as ciauferete-miy fait fhall have been fo refhipped at fea, and the eonfump- tive to fait tion thereof duly accounted for as aforefaid, the collector or refhipped at ^comptroller, before whom the account thereof (hall be taken, ** fhall grant a certificate of the Xante, under his hand, gratis^ di* reded to the colle&or or comptroller of the port at Which the faid fait was originally Chipped * which certificate, being pro* duced by the perfon who fo (hipped the fait, fhall be admitted

proof of fuch confumption, and intitle fuch perfon to credit for the fame upon his account; but no fuch certificate fhall be available, or admitted as proof of the due confumption of any fait pretended to have been refhipped or delivered over at fea, vnlefs fuch certificate fhall be delivered to the collector Or comptroller of the port where the faid fait was originally fhtp-ped, within the fpace of fix calendar months next after the return to port of the bufs or veffd on board of which the fait was fo originally (hipped as aforefaid.

XL And be it further enactod, That for every bufhel of fait, PenaltyoCuot fo as aforefaid taken out of the fait Works or warehoufe, which accounting fhall Hot be accounted for in the manner above-mentioned, or for fej* taken by certificate from the juftices of the peace at their quarter fef- te^a t fions, that proof was there made that fuch fait was put on board '

?ny boat or reffel for felting or curing of fifh at Tea* and was

*	there

Hosted by Google

282	Anno	vicefimo quinto Georoii IIL c. 65.	[ 1785*

there taken by enemies, or otherwife joft or periffied at ft a, or (hall not be returned into or found remaining, at the end of every filling voyage, in the warehoufe as aforefaid, the proprir ctor or proprietors thereof, or his or their agent or agents, who tofik oi\t the fame, .(hall, according to the quantity or refpedive qhahtities for. which: he or they mall ftand accountable, forfeit Penalty on and pay the fum of twenty (hillings; and every fuch perfon felj-perfona fell- Jng, giving away, ufing, or delivering any fuch (alt, or con-. Ing of fuch	feihting> or being anyway* priyy to the felling, giving away,

falt#	ufing or delivering fuch ...felt, diredly or iridiredly, otherwife.

than for the purpofes and to the perfons aforefaid, (hall forfeit-, pay, and undergo the penalties and puniftunents herein-aftec mentioned 5 (that is, to fay),

Every proprietor of fuch fait, or his agent, for every bu(he! of fuch fait fo fold, given away, ufed or delivered, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings:

And every other perfon, buying, taking, or ufing any fuch fait, otherwife than for the purpofe and in the manner aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings for every bufhej v	of fait fo bought, delivered, or ufed $ and after that rate for a

Jefs quantity,

Penalty on >XII. And be it further enabled, That, for every bufliel of proprietor for fajf f0 lodged, which (hall either be carried away, or be found wantin^at re- wa^tIng> itthe redelivering thereof into the foie cuftody of the delivering proprietor thereof as aforefaid, reafonable allowance for the thereof, wafte of fuch fait being firft made, the.faid proprietor fhall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, to he applied and recovered as > herein-after mentioned.	:

Penalty on XIII. And be it further enacted, That, every perfqn whd embezzling (hall unlawfully take away, embezzle, or mifapply, any British after^an-ied after it is weighed and Carried from any fait work or fait from the^pit, pit in Great Britain^ in order to its being cellared and locked etc. for cur- up for the curing or falting of fiih, and beforedt is brought urtr ing fiQi. to, and locked up in any cellar or.ftorehoufe by the proprietor and the officer for the fait duties, directed by,this ad, (hail forfeit and pay the fum of twenty ihillings for every bqfhel of Britijb fait fo unlawfully taken away, embezzled, or mifapplied, reckoning fuch Britijb fait at fifty-fix pounds weight to tfie bulhel, and fo in proportion for a lefs. quantity.

Penalties and XIV. And be it further enaded, Tfiat all penalties and for-forfeitures feitqres given by this ad (hall be diftributed in manner follpw-ch^red^and6- 5 (that ls to %)> one mo^etY thereof to. his Majefty, his applied. heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who (hall feize, inform, or fue for the fame ; and (hall be fued for, recovered, and levied, in fuch manner and form, and with fuch power of mitigation, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be fued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, by any law of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or infor-o	matlon.

Hosted by Google

1Anno vicefimo quinfo <£eoRGII HI. e, 66*	a	8$

tjnation, in any .of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weft-minfler.	'

XV,	And be it further enadted, That'if aftyperfon or per. Limitation of fbns (hall happen to be fued or profecuted for any thing by him actions.

or them done or executed in purfuance of this adt, fuch perfon

or perfons (hall or may plead the general iflue, and give this Gencral iflue.

a dt, and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if upon trial a ver-

didt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants; or if the plains

tiff or plaintiffs rtiall become nonfuited, difcontinue, or forbear

pfofecuring fuch adtion or adtions, then fuch defendant or de*

fendants (ball be intitled to double, cofts againft fuch plaintiff Double colts.

or plaintiffs, for-which he or they fhali have the like Temedy

as a defendant can have in any cafe where cofts are given him

by law. x

XVI,	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no- Not to affect thing in this adt contained (hall extend, or be implied or con- the powers ftrued to extend, to repeal or alter any adt or adts now in force, |^ts for^e^ or any of the elaufes or provifions therein contained, or to take gating the away, abridge* leflen, or affedt any of the powers or authorities fr^ode to be th'ereby'given or granted refpedtively, for fettling or regulating obferved in the mode or courfe to be obferved in fitting out for any filheryy

or clearance outwards, or entry inwards, or the difcharge of etc. ery> any bufs or fifhing veflel, or in cellaring, fecuring, (hipping, re-(hipping, or re landing any fait to be ufed for the falting or cur\ ing of fi(h, or in fifhing for, catching, faking, curing, flowing, landing, removing, marking, or exporting any fi(h whatsoever, or in the payment of allowance of any bounties thereby refppdtively granted on the tonnage or burthen of any bufs or veflel, or on any fi(h to be exported; fave only and except fo Exception, far as any fuch adt or adts, or the claufes, provjfions, powers, or authorities therein contained or granted, are fpecifically or exprefsly repealed, revoked, aitered, or controuled, by this pre- * ; fent adt, or repugnant to any of the provifions herein contains ed; but that all and Angular the faid former adfs, and the bounties thereby granted, and the feveral rules, regulations^ powers and authorities, therein contained or granted, and the pains, penalties, and forfeitures incurred, or thereby inflidted or provided for any breach or non-obfervance of the fame, ex<? cept as aforefaid, fhali remain and continue tin the fame force, and effedt as if this adt had not been made, any thing herein	•

contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	*

C A P. LXVI.	!

An aft to explain and amend an aft^ made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An adt for granting to his Majefty certain rates and/duties upon bricks and files made in Great Britain; and for laying additional duties on bricks and tiles imported into the fame.

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the laji fejjion of parliament, Preamble. (intituled, An adt for granting to his Majefty certain

rates

Hosted by Google

^84	Anno vfcefimo quinta Georgii IIL e. 66.	[ 17851

Recital of rates, and duties upon bricks and tiles made in Great Britain \ part of i4 and for laying additional duties on bricks and tiles imported Gcq, j. c* 34* into the fame), it was wafted. That if any per fin at perfons, who Jhould make any bricks or tiles chargeable with the /aid duties, Jhould remove, carry, or	or eaufe or fiffir to he removed, rtfr-

rtVd, or fent away,\ any iritis or tiles to the kiln, clamp, or other place for burning, from or out of the field, Jhed, or other place where they Jhould befirft put or placed to dry or harden, after being turned out of the mould, and before the proper officer of exeife Jhould have taken an account thereof, and charged the duties thereupon, he, Jhe, or they Jhould forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence ; and that all and every the bricks and tiles fo carried away, and being found in the pojjiffton of any brukmaker, tilemaker, or other trader or dealer therein, or any perfon or perfons for the ufe of fucb brick* shaker or tilemaker, or trader, or -dealer therein, Jhould be forfeited, and might be fiized, or the value thereof: and it was alfi enabled. That all and every per fon and perfons, making any bricks or tiles as of orefaid, Jhould, from time to time, keep fuch and fa many ef the faid bricks and tiles, as Jhould net have been furveyed and taken an account of by the proper officers in that behalf, [separate and apart from all other bricks and tiles which Jhould have been furveyed and taken an account of by fucb officers, on pain to forfeit, for every negleft or default therein, the fum of fifty pounds: and whereas the faid provifions have been found inconvenient \ be it.therefore enacted by the King’s mofi excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the autho-From Aug. i, rity of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of Augujl, 178s* there- one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, the faid herein-ons repealed* ^ore recited provifions (hall be, and the fame are hereby re-p ’ pealed.

Makers who - II. And be it enafled by the authority aforefaid, That, from (hall remove and after the faid firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hun-to the kiln 8 arM* «*8kty'hve, if any perfon or perfons, who fhall make before the	WJ bricks or tUes chargeable with the faid duties by the faid aft

officer has	impofed,;ftiaH remove, carry, or fend away, or caufe or fuffer

charged the $0 be removed, carried, or fent away, any bricks or tiles to the forfdt*the	damp, or other place for burning, from or out of the

fame, and alfo fidd, filed, or other place where they fhall be put or placed to 50I.	dry or harden, and before the proper officer of exeife fhall have

taken an account thereof, and charged the duties thereupon, he, (he, or they fhaH forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence; and that all and every the bricks and tiles fo carried away, and being found in the poffeflion of any brickmaker, tilemaker, or other trader or dealer therein, or any perfon or perfons for the ufe of fuch brickmaker or tilemaker, or trader or dealer therein, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized, or the value thereof, and fhall and may be recovered, to wit, one moiety to the ufe of his Majefty, and the other moiety to the feizer or informer.	r

IIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefapd,

' That

Hosted by Google

17$$*] Anno vlcertmo qoint<5 CsoroiI HI.	v.€6.

That all and every perfon and perfdns, making any bricks or Brick* and tilts as aforefaid, (hall, from time to time, keep fuch and fo tiles not fur-many of the faid bricks atfd tiles, as (hall not have been fur* v,e?e<l>etc- ^ veyed and charged by the proper officers in that behalf fepa- officer?^ be rate and apart from all other bricks and tiles, which (hall have kept feparate been furveyed and charged by fiich officers, on pain to forfeit, fromotheis. for every neglect or default therein, the fum of fifty pounds*

IV.	And whereas the makers if brisks and tiles do fometimes place their bricks and tiles, while the fame are in the operation of drying or hardening, in irregular and tinvjual rows or pofttms, on purpofe to make it difficult for the officer ofemfi to take an account of the

fame\ be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and From Aug. i, after the faid firft day of Auguftt one thoufand feVen hundred *7?J, al1 and eighty-five, every maker of bricks or tiles (hall, while the bricks or tiles (hall be in the operation of drying or hardening, fo placed that in the field, fhed, or other place where the fame (hall be made the officer or prepared, after being turned out of the mould, place or dif* may eafily pofe fuch bricks and tiles, or caufe the fame to be placed ornf. diipofed, in fuch manner and form as that the officer of excife	9

who (hall furvCy fuch bricks may eafily and fecurely take ah account thereof ; and if any maker of bricks and tiles (halt, front and after the faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, place and difpofe, or Caufe to be placed or difpofed, fuch bricks or tiles, while the fame (hall be in the operation of drying or hardening, in the field, Ihed, or other place where the lame (hall be made or prepared, after being turned out of the moulds, in any irregular and unufoal manner, with intfent to make it difficult or unfafe for the officer of excifti to take an account thereof, every fuch maker of bricks dr tiles (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the Turn of fifty on penalty pounds.	°f S01-

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That all fines, penalties^ and forfeitures inflidied by this aft, Penalties and (hall be fued for, recovered, levied. Of mitigated by fuch ways, forfeitures means, and methods, as any fine, penalty»; or forfeiture, is 6r cohered ancT" may be filed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, fey any law applied-of laws of excife, or by'aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wtjltninjlet, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpeftrvdy; and th&t one moiety of every Well fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty; his heirs and fucceffors, add the other moiety to him or them Who fhall diftover, inform, of fue for the fame.

VI.	And be it further enafted’by the authority aforefaid.

That if any aftfon or fuit fhall be brought or commenced againft Limitation any perfon or perforis, for any thing by him or theta; done iti of actIons* purfuance of this aft, or the faid aft made in the lift feffion of parliament, fuch aft ion or fuit fhall be commenced vritblh three months next after the matter or thing done, arid (hall be laid in the proper county 5 and the defendant or defendants in TuCft a&ibftor mit may plead the general iffue, and give this aft: and General iffue. thefpecial niartft* In evidence, at any trial tabe had thereupon;

and

Hosted by

Google

Treble cofts.

Preamble,

From Aug. i, 1785, no per-fon to put on board any veffel, for exportation, any tool, etc. in the act fpeci-fied,

Aim© yafcfefinio tjmftto. G$o*g if Ilf. e. [17851

and , if afterwards a verdict (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants* or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nqnfuited, or difcontinue his, her, of their adlioni or profecution, or judgement (hall he'given againft him, her, of them; upon demurrer or otberwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft fueh plaintiff or plaintiffs,

;	C	A P. LXVII.

Ah dfito prohibit the exportation to foreign parts, of tools and uteH*

' ftU- made ufe of in the iron andfeel manufactures of this kingdom; and to present the [educing of artificers or workmen, employed in thofe manufactures ^ to go into parts beyond the feas,	—

WHEREAS the exportation of the feveral tools and utenfili made ufe of ip preparing, working up, and finijbing, the irort andfeel manufactures of this kingdom, or either of them, will enable fpreignen to work up fuch manufactures, and thereby greatly diminijb the exportation of the fame from this kingdom; therefore, for the preferyingv^s much as poftible, to his Majefty’s fubje&s the, benefits anting from thofe great and yaluable branches of trade and commerce, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and- content of tfye lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this/prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if, at any timd .after the firft day of Augujiy one thbufand feven hundred and eighty-five, any perfon or perfons in Great Britain (hall, upon any pretence whatsoever, export, load, or put on ,board, or pack, or caufe or procure to be loaden, put on board, or packed, in qrder to be loaded or put on board of any (hip or veffel which (hall be bqund to fome port or place in parts beyond the feas (except to Irelandf), or, (hall lade, or caufe,or procure to be laden on board any boat or other veffel, or (hall bring, or caufe to be brought,, to any quay, wharf, or other place, in order to be fo laden or put on board any fuch (hip or veffel, any tool or utenfif hereafter mentioned ; that is to fay, hand damps,, dog head (lamps, pulley (lamps, (lamps of all forts, hammers and anvils for (lamps, ferews for damps, iron rods for" (lamps, preffes of all fqrts, in iron, fteel, or other metal, which are ufed for giving impreflions to metal, or any parts of thefe feverai articles; preffes of all forts called Cutting'out Preffes, beck and punches to be ufed therewith; piercing preffes of all forts, beds and punches to be ufed therewith, either in parts or pieces, or fitted together ; iron or fteel dies to be ufed in (tamps or preffes either with or without impreflions on them; rollers of caft iron, wrought iron, or fteel, for rolling of metal, and frames for the, fame; flalks or caftiqg moulds, and boards, ufed therewith; lathes of all forts for turning, burnifhing, poliihing, either the whole together, or feparate parts thereof; lathe firings, policing brufhes, fcoring or (hading engines, preffes for horn buttons.

Hosted by Google

1785.} Anno vtoefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 67i	2	87

tons, dies for horn ibuttohs, (heers for cutting of metal, rolled fteel', rolled metal with filver thereon, parts of buttons not fitted up into buttons* or in an uofiniftied ftate; engines for chafing, flocks for calling buckles, buttons, and rings; caft iron anvils and hammers for forging mills for iron and copper j roles, flitters, beds, pillars and frames for flitting mills; die-* finking tools of all forts, engines for making button (hanks, laps of all forts, drilling engines, tools for pinching of glafs, engines for covering of whips, polilhing brufties, bars of metal covered with gold or filver, iron or fteel fcrew plates, pins, and flocks for making fcrews* or any other, tool or utenfil whatfo ever, which now are, is* or at any time or times hereafter (hall or may be ufed in, or proper for the preparing, working, finifti-ing, or completing of the iron or fteel manufactures of this kingdom, or either of them, by what name or names foever the fame fhall be called or known, or any model or plan, or models or plans, of any fuch tool, utenfil, or implement, pr any part or parts thereof; the perform or perfons fo offending bn penalty p€ fhall, for every fuch offence, not only forfeit and lofe all fuch [?r'cltlf,re tools or utenfils, or parts or parcels thereof, together with the * eieo * packages, and all other goods packed therewith* if any fuch there be, and complaint being made, upon the oath of one or	*

more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any juftice. or juftices of the peace, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace to ifliie- his or their warrant or warrants to bring the perfon or perfons fo complained of before him or them, or fome other of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the fame county, city, riding, divifion, liberty, fhire,fftewartry, or place ; and if, when fuch perfon or perfons {hall be brought and if the of-before fuch juftice or juftices, he,* (he, or they (hall not give fuch an account of the ufe or purpofe to which fuch tools, fa^igfactory utenfils* or implements, and part or parts thereof, and all fuch account be-mpdel pr pl^n, models or plans, and part or parts thereof* are fore the ma-intended to be appropriated, as (hall be fatisfadtory tothejiff-	he	,

tice or juftices before whom he, (he, or they (hall; be brought Jo appear at as aforefaid,. then, and in fuch oafe* it (hall and may be jawfipl the next af-to and for fuch juftice or juftices to bind the perfon or perfons fizes, etc. * fo charged to appear at tjie next aflizes, general gaol delivery, or quarter feffions of the peace, for the county,, city, ricling, divifion, ftewartry, or pl^ce, where fuch offen.ce fjhall be committed, with reasonable Sureties for his, her, or their appearance; and In caferfuch perfon pr perfons (hall refufe or n^gledt to give fuch Security, then, and in fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch’juftice or juftices to commit the perfon or .perfons farefufing to the .common gaol, or houfe of orbecom-corredtion, thejje to be kept until; the next affixes, or next nutted for quarter feffions of the county,' city, riding, divifion,, fhire,tnal* ftewartry, or place, where fuch commitment fhall be, and until he, (he, or they (hall be delivered by due courfe of law; and Penalty on in cafe any Cuph perfon or perfons (hall: be convidted of any of conviction, ? the offence^,aforefajd, upon any indi&ment or information	->

againft '	‘

Hosted by 30gle

Af&o vicefimo qulhto GfiojtGtillf. C. 6j. [iy$$

agatnft hirti, her, or them, at fifoh affizesbr quarter feffions of the peace as aforefaid, the pel-fan or perfons fo offending {hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fam of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and (hall alfo faffcr imprisonment, in the common gaol, prifon, or houfeof oorre&ion, of the county, city, riding, di vifion, liberty, (hire, ftewartry, or place, wherein fuch ofFertdtr or offenders (hall be refpedliveiy convidled, for the fpace of twelve months, without bail or main* pri«e, and until fuch forfeiture (hail be paid.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, From Aug. i, Thftt, from and after the faid firft day of , one thoufand of8the°cuf-rS ^eVen hundred and eighty-five, it (hall and may be lawful to toms^ofeize aod for any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Great

all fuch tools, and they ate hereby required to feize and fecure, in (bme or etc. laid, or one of his Majefty’s warehoufes, all fuch tools, utenlils, or intended to be implements, or part or parts thereof 5 and all and every fuel! spy "outward m<x*e* or plan, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, as bound vei0$j fuch officer (hall find or difeover to be laid or put on board, or intended to be laid or put on board, of any fhip, vcffel, or boat, which (hall be bound to fome port or place in parts beyond the leas, (except to Ireland), contrary to the true Intent and mean-fbch goods to ing of this adl, together with the packages, and all other goods be fold. packed therewith, (if any fuch there be), and they are hereby indemnified in fo doing; and all tools, utenfils, and implements, or part or parts thereof,' model Or plan, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, together with the packages, and other goods packed therewith, fo feized and fecured as aforefaid, (hall, after condemnation thereof in due courfe of law, fee publickly fold to the heft bidder, by order of the commifliohers of the cuftoms in Great Britain refpeftively; and one moiety of the produce arifitig by the fale thereof, after deducting the charges of condemnation and fale, (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuCceffors, and tire other mdiety to the officer who (hall feize and profecute the fame as aforefaid'.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

Penalty ®n That, from and after the faid firft day of Aaghft, one thousand matter* of feven hundred and eighty-five, if the captain or mailer of any Ml oenuit Ihip, velfel, of boat, in Great -Brhain, (hall knowingly or dean y fuch	hgnedly	permit or firtfer any	tool, otenfil, or	implement, Or

tools, etc. to part or	parts thereof, or any	model or plan,	or part or parts

be put on	thereof,	by this adt prohibited	to be exported'	as aforefaid, to

hoard.	be put on board his faid (hip,	Veflel, or boat,	every fuch cap-

tain or mailer (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fuen of two hundred pounds; and if the faid (hip, veflel, or boat, {hall

. belong to his Majefty, his heirs or foeeeflbrs, then tire captain or mallei* thereof lhall not only forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, but Ihal! alfo forfeit his employment, and fee incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs.

Pehrtty on IT. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, cuftoms uk* THat if any cuftomer, comptroller, funreyor, fcarcher, waiter.

Hosted by Google

\	$89

qr Qt^fC officer pf Jfe?>§ufesi#Jfl Great	, £haty take, or ing any entry

krv?^iflgly sr willingly	j:a	^e	taJkon,	any	entry	oUjtvyand,	outwards,etc.

grk fignany cpcquet, warrant, pr jfufferaace, for. the (liip- for fuch tools

ping or exporting of any of jthp laid tools, utenfils, or imple- or u en 18*

qajenjs* pr any papt pr pa^s thereof, or any of the laid models

pr plans, or any part or parjs thereof, by this a<ft prohibited to

]pd exported, pr (hall knowingly or willingly permit or (uffer

the fame to be done, dire&ly or indirectly, contrary to the true

intent and meaning of this atft; every fucji cdftomer, comp-r

t roller, furveyor, fearcher, waiter, or other officer of the cufT

ton$$ oi Great Britain* (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the

fum of two hundred pounds, and (hall alfo forfeit his office,

and be incapable of .holding any office or employment under his

Majefty, his heirs orfurceffors,

V. And be it farther enadted by the authority aforefaid,

^F-hat, from and after Lthe faid firft day of Auguft* one thoufancj From AiTg. i, ^evephundred and eighty-five, if any perfon or perfons hath or I7%$’ aP? . fiave ip his, her, pr their cuftody, power, or pofTeffipn, or (hall fnpofieffion^ cplledf, obtain, make,, apply for, or caufe or procure to be any fuch tool, made, any fuch tool, utenfil, or implement, or any part or utenfii, etc. parts thereof, pr any fuch model or plan, models or plans, or toex^ort^he part or parts thereof as aforefaid, with intent to export, or that f^efany 16 the fame may be exported out of Great Britain to any part or juftice may pl^ce beyond the feas, (except to Ireland)* and complaint being iffue his war-made, upon the oath pf one or more credible witnefs or wit- hereof*' neffes, before any juftice. or juftices of the peace, that there is bringing reafon to believe fuch perfon or perfons hath or have in his, fuch perfoii lier, or their cuftody, power, or poffelfion, or hath or have before him; colle&ed, obtained, made, applied for, or'caufed or procured to be made, any fuch tool, utenfd, or implement, or part or parts thereof, or any fuch model or plan, or models or plans, or part pr parts thereof as aforefaid, with intent to export, or	(

that the fame may be exported to fome other port or place than Great Britain or Ireland; then, and in any of the fa id cafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftice or juftices of the peace to iffue his or their warrant or warrants to feize all fuch tools, utenfils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, and,all fqch models pr plans, or part or parts thereof as afore-faid, and to bring the perfon or perfons fo complained of before him or them, or fome other of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, for the fame county, city, riding, divifion, (hire, flew-artry, or place; and if fuch perfon or perfons (hall not give and if he /half fuch an account of the ufe or purpofe to which fuch tools, n.°£*ive a utenfils, or implements, or part or parts, models or plans, CoU^t there0-" or part or parts thereof, is, are, or were intended to be ap- 0f, fuch tools, propriated, as dial! be fatisfacfory to the juftice or juftices etc. may be before .whom he, (he, or they (hall be brought as aforpfaid, detained, and' then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and boanffoverta for fuch juftice or juftices to caufe all fuch tools, utenfils, or appear at the implements, or part or parts thereof, models or plans, or next aflizes, t part or parts thereof, which (hall have been fo feized as afore- et£» laid, to be detained, and alfo to bind the perfon or perfons fo

You XXXV,

U

l§0

or may be committed.

Penalty in cafe of conviction.

Penalty on per tons enticing artificers in the iron or fteel manufactures, etc. to leave this kingdom, (except to Irttyid):

for firft offence, 5001. and twelve month# im-jprifonment}

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. C. 67, [1785;

charged to appear at the next affizes, general gaol delivery, or quarter feffions of the peace, for the county, city, riding, divi-fion, (hire, ftewartry, or place, where fuch offence (hall be committed, with reafonable fureties for his, her, or their appearance p and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall refufe or neglect to give fuch fecurity, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices to commit fuch perfon or perfons to the county gaol, prifon, or houfe of correction, there to remain until the next affizes, or quarter feffions of the county, city, riding, divifion, liberty, ftewartry, or place, where fuch commitment (hall be, and until he, (he, or they (hall be delivered by due courfe of law; and in cafe any fuch perfon dr perfons (hall be convicted, upon any indictment or information againft him, her, or them, at fuch affizes or quarter feffions of the peace as aforefaid, of having in his, her, or their cuftody, power, or poffeffion, or of having collected* obtained, made, applied for, or caufed or procured to be made, any fuch tool, utenfil, or implement, or part or parts thereof, model or plan, or part or parts thereof, with fuch intent as aforefaid, then, and in fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons fo convicted (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe all fuch tools, utenfils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, models of plans, or part or parts thereof, which (hall be fo feized and detained, and alfo the fum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and (hall fuffer imprifonment in the common gaol of the county, city, riding, divifion, (hire, ftewartry, or place, wherein fuch offender or offenders refpeCtively fhall be committed, for the fpace of twelvemonths, without bail or mainprize, and until fuch forfeiture (hall be paid.

VI. And zvhereas, for the encouraging of fucb manufactories in this kingdom, it is neceffary that provifeon Jhould be made to prevent artificers, and others employed therein, from departing, or from being feduced to depart out of this kingdom; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, if any perfon or perfons (hall contract with, entice, perfuade, or endeavour to feduce or encourage, any artificer or workman concerned or employed, or who (hall have worked at, or been employed in *he iron or fteel manufactures in this kingdom, or in making or preparing any tools or utenfils for fuch manufactory, to go out of Great Britain to any parts beyond the feas (except to Ireland), and (hall be convi&ed thereof, upon indictment or information in the court of king’s bench at Wejl• minfler, or by indictment at the affizes, or general gaol delivery, or quarter feffions for the county or place wherein fuch offence fhall be committed, or the offender or offenders (hall live or refide, or by indictment in the court of jufticiary, or any of the circuit courts in Scotland, as the cafe may be 5 every perfon fo convicted (hall, for every artificer fo contracted with, enticed, perfuaded, encouraged, or feduced, or attempted fo to be, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds of lawful

money

Hosted by C Dgle

1785.] Anfio vicefimo quinta Georgii 111; c.68.	ig	t

money of Great Britain, and (hall be committed to the common gaol for the county, place, or ftewartry, wherein the offender or offenders (hall be convicted, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of twelve calendar months, and until fuch forfeiture (hall be paid; and in cafe of a fubfequent offence Second, etc. of the fame kind, the perfon or perfons fo again offending (hall, 1000I. and upon the like convi&ion, forfeit and pay, for every perfon fo contracted with, enticed, perfuaded, encouraged or fedueed, or meat\ attempted fo to be, the fum of one thoufand ppunds of lawful money of Great Britain, and (hall be committed to the edm-ttiori gaol as aforefaid, there to^remain, ^without bail or main-jtfizfe, for and during the term of two years, and until fuch forfeiture (hall be paid.

Vtl. Provided always. That no perfon (hall be profecuted Profecution for any of the offences aforefaid, unlefs fuch profecution (hall to be combe commenced within the fpace of twelve calendar months next after fuch offence (hall be committed*

VIII.	And it is hereby further enafted bv the authority aforefaid, That the feveral penalties and forfeitures, herein- Penalties and before mentioned, (hall and may be fued for and recovered by forfeitures action of debt, bill, plaint; or information, in any of his Ma- ^ovlred and * jefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, or in the court of exche- applied, quer, or in the court of feffion in Scotland, in thfe name of his Majefty’s attorney general, or lord advocate, or in the name

of fome officer or officers of the cuftoms in Great Britain re-fpeftively, wherein no effoin, prote&ion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; and that one moiety of the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall go and be applied to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch officer or officers <jf the cuftoms as (hall fue and profecute for the fame refpe<ftivelyr after deducting the charges of profecution from the whole;

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* .	.	*

That if any fuit or a&ion (hall be commenced againft any per- Limitation df fon for what he (hall do in purfuance of this a£t, fuch fuit or actions. action (hall be commenced within three months next after the

fadt committed; and the perfon fo fued may file common bail,

or enter a common appearance, and plead the general iffue not General iffue*.

guilty, and may give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence;

and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nonfult, of fuffer

difcontinuance, or if a verdidl pafs againft him or her, or if,

upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff,

the defendant (hall recover treble cods;	Treble cofts* .

CAP. LXVIII.

An aft for appointing and enabling commiffioners further to examine, take, and ftate the publick accounts of the kingdom. — The aft of 24 Ged. 3. c 13. and former afts, continued till one year after July 21, *7$St in the fame manner as before.

V 2

CAP.

•1

Hooted by Google

2gz

Preamble.

17 Geo. 3 c. 39.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 6g. [ij8§j

C A P. LXIX.

An aH to repeal the duties upon flajks in which Florence wine and oil is imported; to permit the importation of wines in fmdll cajks for private ufe; to revive, continue, and amend fo much of an a ft made in the fifteenth year of his prefent Majejly, as allows the exportation of certain quantities of wheats and other articles, to his Majefty s fugar colonies in America; for difallowing the drawback on the exportation of fnujf-, for continuing the permijflon to land rum or fpirits of the Britifh ftigar plantations, before payment of the duties of excife; for reviving and continuing the premiums upon the importation of pitchy tar, and turpentine, from Eaft Florida, into Great Britain; for allowing a bounty upon the exportation of ftIk gauzes, and a drawback upon the exportation of rawftlk..

WHEREAS by an aft) pajfed in the fevent eenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejty, {intituled) An a£t for granting to his Majefty a duty upon all fervants retained or employed in the feveral capacities therein mentioned 5 and for repealing feveral rates and dutiesupon glafs, impofed by an a6t made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon glafs in lieu thereof, and for the better colle&ing the duties upon glafs; and for repealing the feveral rates and duties charged, by an adt made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, upon all perfons, and bodies politick and corporate, having certain quantities of filver plate; it was, amongfl other things, enafted, That there Jbould be raifed\ levied, collected, and paid) unto and for the ufe of his Majefly, his heirs and fucc^fforS) the feveral rates and duties therein exprejfedy upon all glafs imported and brought into the kingdom of Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the faid recited aft) p ajfed in the feventeenth year of his Ma-jeftfs reign^ fo far as the fame relates to charging the flajks only, in which wine and oil have been ufually imported, with the faid duties 3 be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and From Aug. 1, by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day dut5onfklks °* ^ugufl) one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, the faid in*which Flo- recited fo far as the fame relates to charging duties upon rence wine, the flafks only in which wine or oil, of the growth of the do-etc. is im- minions of the great duke of Tvfcany^ (hall be imported, (hall ported, re- be and is hereby repealed ; and the faid duties upon fuch flafks pea ed* fhall ceafe> determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

II.	And whereas by an aft of parliament) made in the eighteenth Recital of 18 year of the reign of his prejent Majefty) (intituled, An a6t for Geo. 3. c. *7. granting to his Majefty feveral additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom), it waS) amongfl other things) enafted) That no wines of the growth or produce of any part of the dominions belonging to the crown of Spain or Portugal, and '	that

Hosted by Google

1785.3	Anno vieefima quinto GeoRGII III. c.6g.	29$

that no French winesJbould be imported or brought into Great Brir tain, in any jmailer veffel. or cajk than what is .commonly called an Hogthead, in which fuch wines have been ufually imported, upon forfeiture of all fuch wines as Jhould be imported contrary to the faid aft, together with the cajks and other package containing the fame, (except as therein-after was provided): and whereas by the faid aft it was provided, That any French wines may be imported in bottles, or that any wines may be imported in fmaller cajks than as therein-before limited, without fraud or concealment, for private ufe, and not by way of merchandize, any thing in the Jaid aft, or any other law, cuflom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas, by 23 Geo. 3. cji an aft of parliament made in the twenty-third year of the reign of11 • his prejent Majefly, it was enafted, That the faid provifo in the faid recited aft,fo far as the fame relates to Ponugal V Spanifh wines, or any other wines, except French wines, Jball be repealed and made void: and whereas it is and may be expedient to permit Spanifh and Portugal wines, and other wines, to be imported in jmall cajks and other veffels for private ufe, under certain rejlriftions\ be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after From Aug. r, the firft day of Auguf, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- ^ five, in cafe it (hall be made appear, to the fatisfaftion of the commiffioners of his’ Majefty’s cuftoms in England or Scotland fmall cafks refpeftively, that any Spanijh or Portugal wines, or any other for private , wines, (hall be imported into Great Britain, without fraud or concealment, in any fmaller veffel or cafk than what is commonly called an Hogjhead, for the private ufe of the perfons fo importing the fame, and not by way of merchandize, that then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid refpeftive commifiioners, or any three or more of them, if they think proper, to admit fuch wine to an entry, and caufe the duties to be accepted inftead of the forfeiture thereof; any thing in the faid laft recited aft, or any other aft, cuftom, or ufage* to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- So much of faid, That fo much of an aft made in the fixteenth year of the 16 Geo. 3. c« reign of his prelent Majefty, (intituled. An aft for alloiving the 37* exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majefifs fugar colonies in America, and to the if and of Saint Helena, and to the other fettlements belonging to the united company of merchants ^England trading to the Eaft Indies, and of bifcuit and peafe to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador ; and for indemnifying all perfons with refpeft to advifing or carrying into execution his Majejlfs orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles), as relates to as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and the exporta-other articles, to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America, which was to continue in force until the firft day of January, one thou-	fUCrar

fand feven hundred and feventy-feven, and which, by feveral colonies,0 afts, made in the feventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth,' twentieth, twenty-firft, twenty-fecond, twenty-third, and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was continued

U 3	until

2gj	Anno	vicefimo	quinto GeoRGH III. C. 6gi [1785;

until the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and revived) and eighty-five, (hall, from and after thepaffing of this adt, be re-? in force until vived> and the faroe *s hereby revived, and (hall continue in full jMtey i, 1786) f°rce and	untd	daY	Gne thoufand feven

&c. *	hundred and eighty-fix, and from thence to the end of the then

next feljion of parliament.

JFrom the IV. And be it further enadted. That, from and after the

IdPto^VIa^'8 Pa®n§	a<^>	untd	day°f	one	thoufand	fe-

1786°wheat* ven hundred and eighty-fix, and from thence to the end of the &c. may jbe'* then next feffion of parliament* it (hall and may be lawful to exported from (hip and export from the port of Lancafler, to his Majefty’s fu-thenfufter t0 £ar co^on'es *n	for	the	fuftenance and ufe of the inha-

loniesf ^ C° hi cants of the faid colonies, any quantity of wheat, wheat flour,

• 4 ’ bread, bifcuit, and meal, not exceeding in the whole ten thousand quarters, in like manner, and under the fame regulations and reftridfions, as if the fame had been allowed to be exported by the faid recited adfc of the fixteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign/ "	________

' V. And, for the letter preventing of fraudulent practices in the mixing of fnuff with other materials, or with other fluff which has been elandefl indy imported into this kingdom, and run on fhore without payment of dutyy and entering the fame outwards for exportation, to obtain a drawback of the duties thereon, and privately relanding the fame in Great Britain, to the diminution of the publick revenue, and detriment of the fair trader, be it further enadted by the aur drawback thority aforefaid. That no drawback (hall be paid or allowed, to be allowed for any fort of fnuff which, from and after the firft day of Au-ported after	one	thoufand	feven hundred and eighty-five, (hall be ex-

Aug, r, 1785. ported, or entered for exportation, from this kingdom, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

So much of VI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, 15 and 16 That fo much of an adt, made in the fifteenth and fixteenth Geo. i.c. 2,5. years 0f tjle rejgn 0f his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled. An adt to impower the importers or proprietors of rum or fpirits of the Britifh fugar plantations to land the fame before payment of the duties of excife charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in warehoufes at their own expence; and for the relief of Ralph Bar-row, in refpeft to the duty on feme rock fait, loft by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane), as relates to the landing of rum a&cbe- rum or fpirits of the Britijh fugar plantations before payment fore payment of the duties of excif^, and to the lodging of the fame in ware-. of excife du- houfes at the expence of the importers or proprietors thereof, Jie8,efc. which was to continue in force from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty-two, to the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffior* of parliament; and which, by feveral fubfequent adts, of the twenty-third and thirty-firft years of the reign of his faid late Majefty, and the fourth, eleventh, and nineteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was farther continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and

eighty*

tAnm> vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. c. 69.	*9$

eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby farther conti- continued to nued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day ©f September, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and	*

from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and ena&ed, That the proprietor or proprietors, importer or im- Directions re* porters, of fuch rum or fpirits of the growth, produce, or ma- lative to en-nufadture of the Britijh fugar plantations, within thirty days terin£ fu next after the mafter or purfer, for that voyage, of the (hip or fodgitfg it in veffel wherein the faid rum or fpirits of the Briti/h fqgar plan- warehoufes. tations fhall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall have, or ought to have made a juft and true entry or report, upon oath, of the burden, contents, and loading of fuch (hip or veffel, in purfuance of the directions of the fta-tute made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for preventing frauds* and regulating abufes in his Majejlfs cufloms, (hall make due entry with the officer or collector appointed for the excife, in the port or place where fuch rum or fpirits, as aforefaid, (hall be im-

5ported, of all fuch rum or fpirits on board of fuch (hip or vef* el belonging to fuch proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers ; and (hall, within the faid thirty days, land the $ fame, and put the fame into fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, and give fuch fecurity for the due payment of the duties of excife, as is or are directed by the faid act of the fifteenth «md fixteenth years of the reign of his faid late Majefty, on pain, fqr every negledt or refufaj to make due entry, or to land the fame, and put the fame into fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, and to give fuch fecurity for the due payment of the duties of excife within the faid thirty days, to forfeit all fuch rum or fpirits, with the cafks and packages wherein the fame (hall be contained, belonging to fuch proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers of the fame fo negledling or refufing, which (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the excife.

VIII.	And whereas by an aft, paffed in the fecond year of the Recital of reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An adt * Geo. %, ot for the better prefervation of his Majefty’s woods in America, 35* and for the encouragement of the importation of naval (lores from thence; and to encourage the importation of mails, yards, and bowfprits, from that part of Great Britain called Scotland $ certain premiums, for the encouragement of the planters in the Bri-ti(h plantations in America to fend naval [lores to Great Britain, were granted upon the importation thereof* for a limited time; which premiums, by feveral fubfequent afts of parliament, were continued to the end of the feffton of parliament in one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two: and whereas confiderable quantities of turpentine, pitch, and tar, have been prepared by the proprietors of plantations and lands in Eaft Florida, for the purpofe of importing the fame into Great Britain, under an expeftation of receiving the like premiums, and feme part of fitch turpentine, pitch* and tar, has betnfe imported1

V 4	-	few

v *	Anna	vfcefimo	quinta Geor<hi IIE c*4§i [tyigpi

into Great Britain; but, for want of an aft of patliament tofurtbev c;	continue'the granting fuch premiums, the importer* thereof are notj

“' * '• * bp taw, Entitled to] iior can be allowed the * fame, without the inter* jerence of parliament, and other part of fuch turpentine, pitch rndtart, is expected hereafter to arrive: and whereas it is juft and expedient that the premiums heretofore granted upon the importation of pitch, tar, land * '	turpentine,	from Eaft Florida into Great Britain, fhould be revived

and continued, for a limited time, from -the expiration of the feffion of parliament in one thoufand feven hundred arid eighty •two : be it The premi- therefore enafted by the authority afprefaid, That the ;feveral hriborfa°i?on ^ Pr6r*>iums or bounties upon turpentine, pitch, and tar*' granted of turpentine, by the fa id recited aft, palled’in the fecond year of the reign of etc. from Eaft his late Majefty, and continued, by feverai fubfequent aftsy t© Florida re- the twenty-fourth day of June, one thbufarrd feven hundred continued to ?nc* eighty-one, and from thence to the end of the then next Dec. 25,1785. feffion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame are hereby revived,' and continued, from the faid period, to the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five.-—

IX.	Andwhereas, byreafonofthe ceffion <?/Eaft Florida to the

___._________ crown (T/' Spain, feverai of the civil officers therein, whofe duty it

was to certify that fuch naval Jlores, exported from thence to Great Britain, were of the growth and produce of Eaft Florida, may have removed therefrom, or may have omitted to give the ufual certificates\ whereby it is imprafticable for the planters, or agents of proprietors refident in Great Britain, to obtain fuch certificates as were formerly Clauferelative required; be it therefore enafted, That the commiffioners of hri th^bount'^	Majefty V navy (hall, and they are hereby authorized and re-

e oun les. ^ired to allow the faid bounties upon the turpentine, pkchj and tar, imported and to be imported as aforefaid, before the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven. hundred and eighty-five; provided the importer or importers (hall make oath that, to the befi of their knowledge and belief, the turpentine, pitch, and tar, mentioned in their affidavit, were and are of the growth and' produce of Eajl Florida, and Were ftupped from thence, and imported into and landed at feme port in Great Britain, mentioning the time and place when and where ”■	the fame were fo landed.

Penalty on* X. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons obtaining the fhall have knowingly imported, or (hall knowingly import from tuwmiiVe 'Eaft Florida any turpentine^ pitch, or tar, which (hall not be of etc, not the the growth and produce of Eajl Florida, and (hall thereupon / produce of	obtain the benefit of this aft, fuch perfon or perfons fo offend-

Eaft Florida, fog (ball be liable to all the penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury, and beprofecuted by his Majefty’s attorney general for the fame.

Recital of XI. And whereas by an aft, made in the laft feffion of parliament, 34 Geo. 3.C. intituled. An aft for granting additional duties upon raw and 49*	thrown filk imported into Great Britain, and upon lead exported

from Great Britain, into parts beyond the feas; and for allowing a drawback upon the exportation of filks, and fluffs mixed with- filk, it- is enafted, That, over and above the former bounties

allowed

Hosted by Google

Anna vfceffmo qxriftto GRoRgii HI/ c. 70.	&gjr

bUrntd on thr'exportation of the feveral articles therein fpecifod*

'amtigfl federal other articles therein enumerated, there Jhall be allowed and paid to the exporter thereof% fir all ribbons and fluffs of ? filk^ except gauzes, made in Great Britain, the fum of two Jhillings for every pound weight avoirdupois : and whereas it is expedient, to 'encourage the filk manufactures in this kingdom, that a bounty Jhould be-allowed upon the exportation of filk gauzes into foreign parts; be it therefore eriafted, That, from and after the firft day of Au- Prom Aug. r, £«/?, one thcufand feven hundred and eighty-five, the fame 1785, a boun-bounty (hall be allowed and paid upon the exportation of to be al" gauzes made of filk only in Great Britain, as is allowed and [h^exiwta-paid, by the faid recited adl, upon the exportation of ribbons tion of filk and fluffs of filk, in the fame manner as if gauzes had not been gauzes; excepted therein, any thing in the faid recited a<5t to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That, from and after the firft day of Augufl, one thoufand and a draw-feven hundred and eighty-five, the duty impofed upon raw filk, back upon the by an made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled. An aCt for granting additional duties upon raw and thrown filk imported into Great Britain* and upon lead exported from Great Britain into parts beyond the feas; and for allowing a drawback upon the expor- -iation of filk s^ and fluffs mixed with filk, (hall be drawn back and repaid upon the exportation of fuch raw filk to any part of iEurope (except the Ifle of Man, and the iflands of Faro or Ferro) under fuch rules, ways, and methods, as the duty of cuftoms upon foreign goods is allowed to be drawn back and rbpaid upon exportation, except where any alteration is made by this a£t.

' XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadled by i the authority afbrefaid, That the faid drawback (hall not be The draw-paid, in any cafe, until a certificate (hall be produced, tb the back not to be collector and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port from aH°Wed until whence fuch filk was exported, under the hand and official feal tificatebe^" of a Britifh conftil refiding at the port or place for which fuch produced to filk was entered for exportation, certifying that fuch filk was the officer, landed there; and in cafe there (hall not be any Britifh conful refideht at fuch place, then upon the like certificate, under the hand and official feal of the chief magiftrate for and refident at fuch place.

C A P. LXX.

An aCl to rectify a miflale in an aft, paffed in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An adl to repeal the duties on male fer-vants; and for granting new duties on male and female fer-vants.

HE REAS by an afi9 made in this prefent feffion of par- Preamble.

* r liament9 intituled, An a<5l to repeal the duties on malb Recital of # fervants; and for, gran ting new duties on male and female fer- £.43-vants, it is enafled, That every perfon who Jball have living in their *effion' ■V.;',. u	houfes

Hosted by

Google

Anno vlcefimo quinto GeoRGII III, C. 71,72. [1785,

boufes two or more lawful children or grand childrenf under the age of fourteen years, /hall, m refpeft of every two fuch lawful children or grand children, be exempted from the payment of the duties by the f aid aft impofed for one female fervant \ that is to fay, If any perfon having two fuch lawful children or grand children Jbatt have one female Jervant, and not more, he or /he (hall be wholly Exempted from the duty thereby impofed; if any perfon having four fuch lawful children or grand children, JhaU have two female fervants, and not more, he or Jhe Jhall pay for one female fervant, at the fame rate as if he or fbe retained only one female fervant, and m more, and fo in proportion for any greater number, abating one female fervant, and lowering the rate of duty, in the manner therein-before provided, for every two fuch children or grand children: and whereas it was intended that all perfons Jhould be exempted from the payment of the duties by the faid aft impofed, in refpeft of one female fervant, and no more9 for every two lawful children or grand children, living in their houfes, under the age of fourteen years; be it therefore enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parriament ^flembled, and by the authority of the Perfons hav- fame, That every perfon, who (hall have living in their houfes ing children two or more lawful children or grand children, under the age children to f°urteen years, (hall* in refpeft t>f every two fuch lawful be exempted children or grand children, be exempted from the payment of the payment for duties by the faid aft impofed for one female fervant; that is to one female fay, If any perfon, having two fuch lawful children or grand children, (hall have one female fervant, and not more, he or (he fuch children, he wholly exempted from the duty thereby impofed; if etc.	>	any perfon, having two fuch lawful children or grand children,

(hall have two female fervants, and not more, he or (he (hall pay for one female fervant, at the fame jilt as if he or (lie retained only one female fervant, and no more, and fo in proportion for any greater number, abating one female fervant, and lowering the rate of duty in the manner in the faid recited aft provided, for every two fuch children or grand children.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for extending the time limited, by an act of this fefiion, for delivering in navy, victualling, and tranfport bills.

Recital of c. 32. of this feffion. Navy bills, &c. to he taken in until Aug. 31,1785.

C A P. LXXII.

An aft for repealing the duties on linens to be printed, painted,Jlain-ed, or dyed in Great Britain, impofed by an aft made in the lafi feffion of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof % and on cotton fluffs, mujlins,fuflians, velvets, and velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, flained, painted, or dyed; and upon the importation of linens, cotton fluffs, muflins, fufl'tans., velvets, and veherets, printed, flained, painted, or dyed in foreign parts.

WHEREAJ3

Hosted by Google

t^85.3 Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. N	29$

WHEREAS by an aft made in tbs loftfejfionof parliament, Preamble.

intituled, An a<ft for granting to his Majefty additional 44 Geo. 3. c. duties on linens, printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in Great #>•

Britain; and for granting certain duties on cotton fluffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on licences for bleaching or dying the fame; and upon the importation of fluffs made of, or mixed with cotton, not printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in foreign parts), among other things a duty of three farthings for every yard in lengthy reckoning yard ivide, and after that rate for a greater or lejjer quantity, was laid upon all linens wholly made of hemp or flax, to be printed, painted, Jlained, or dyed in Great Britain, (fuch linens as Jbould be dyed throughout of one colour only always excepted), which faid duty was fubjeft to three additional im-pojls offive pounds per centum each, as in the faid aft is mentioned? and certain other duties were by ths faid aft granted, which, having ' been found inconvenient, have been repealed by an aft of this prefent fejfion of parliament, whereby it is become necejjary to provide a fuf-ficient fund for the payment of fuch incumbrances as were by the faid aft of the lajl fejfion of parliament charged on thofe duties: therefore, we, your Majefty's moft loyal and dutiful fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, think it will bo for the advantage of the publick to repeal the herein-before mentioned duties upon linens, wholly made of hemp or flax, to be printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in Great Britain, and in lieu thereof, and of the faid duties repealed by the faid adt of this prefent feflion of parliament, to, grant unto your Majefty the feveral duties herein-after mentioned; and therefore do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of Augujl, Formerdutiea one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, the faid duties repealed, upon linens wholly made of hemp or flax, to be printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in Great Britain, by the faid adt granted, fhall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the faid firft day of Augujl, one thpufand From Aug. r, feven hundred and eighty-five, there fhall be raifed, levied, col- the fob ledted, and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs tolbepatdfor and fucceffors, for and upon all lineps, and fluffs made of cot- an linens,

. ton mixed with other materials, fluffs wholly made of cotton mixed ftuffs, wool, wove in Great Britain, Britijh muflins, and fuftians, vel- cotton fluffs, vets, velverets, dimities, and other figured fluffs made of cot-ton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, which (hall be wove in Great Britain, and foreign muflins, which, at any time printed, etc; or times after the firft day-of Augujl, one thoufand feven hun- 5n Great Bri-dred and eighty-five, fhall be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed tam: in Great Britain, (except fuch calicoes, linens, and fuftians, as (Exception.' fhall be dyed throughout of one colour only, and except fuch ftuffs whereof the greater part in value fhall be woollen), the

additional

Hosted by

Google

3<X)

For all linens printed, etc. (except thofe dyedth rough-out of one colour) of greater value than iGd. and not more than is. 6d. per yard, — id. aq. per yard: for all l'uch . linens as afore faid, worth more than as. 6d. per yard, ■— 3d. per yard:

for all mixed ■ or cotton (tuffs, valued at more than aod. and not more than 3s. per yard,— ad. per yard:

for all mixed or cotton Huffs, worth more than 3 s. per yard, — 4d. per yard:

for all Britifh muflins, worth more than aod. and not more than 3s. —ad. per yard:

for all Britifh muflins, worth more

Anno vieefimo quiirto Georgii IIL c.72. [1735.

additional rates and duties herein-after exprefled, over and aboye all other duties payablefor.the fame; that is to fay,

For and upon all linens to be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, (except fuch linens as (hall be dyed throughout of one colour only), which fhall be of greater value than fixteen-pence, and not of greater value than two (hillings and (ixpence by the yard in length, at the ready money price, either in London, or at the neareft market town to the place where the fame were manufactured, before they are printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, the fum of one penny halfpenny for every yard fquare, and after that rate for a greater or lelfer quantity:

For and upon all linens to be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which fhall be of greater value than two (hillings and fixpence by the yard in length, at the ready money price, either at London, or at the neareft market town to the place where the fame were manufactured, be*-fore they are printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, the fum of three-pence for every yard fquare, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity: ,

For and upon all fluffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, and fluffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called Britijb Manufaflory, to be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which (hall be of greater value than twenty-pence, and not of greater value than three (hillings by the yard fquare, at the ready money price, at London, or at the neareft market town to the place where the fame were manufactured, before they are printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, the fum of two-pence by the yard fquare, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity:

For and upon all fluffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, and fluffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in. Great Britain, commonly called Br‘}tijh Manufactory, to be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which (hall be of greater value than three (hillings by the yard fquare, at the ready money price, either at London, pr at the neareft market town to the pface where the fame were manufactured, before they are printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, the fum of four-pence by the yard fquare, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity:

, For and upon all muflins made in Great Britain, to be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which (hall be of greater value than twenty-pCnce, and not of greater value than three (hillings by the yard "fquare, at the ready money price, either at London, or at the neareft market town to the place where the fame were manufactured, before they are printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, the fum of twopence for every yard fquare, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity:

For and upon all muflins made in Great Britain, to be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which

(hall

Hosted by Google

/

1785.]	Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. c. 72.	301

fhall be of greater value than three ihillings by the yard fquare, than 3s. per at the ready money price, either at London, or at the neareft yard> •— 4d. market town to the place where the fame were manufactured, pcr yarci: before they are printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, the fum of four-pence by the yard fquare, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity:

For and upon all fuftians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and for all fufti-other figured fluffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, an8» velvets, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, to be Qre^Brhafli printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), lct.c2q, per * the fum of three halfpence by the yard fquare, whatever the yard: price of the fame may be, and in that proportion for a greater or leffer quantity:

For and upon all foreign muflins to be printed, ftained, paint- For all foreign' ed, or dyed, (except fuch as fhall be dyed throughout of one muflins to he colour only), which fhall be of greater value than twenty- Prmtpd, etc. pence, and not of greater value than .three (hillings by the yard J^an 2^°and fquare, at the ready money price, either at London, or at the not more than neareft market town to the place where the fame fhall be pre- 3s.per yard,— fented to the officer appointed to take an account thereof, be- 4d.pe*c yard: fore they are printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, the fum of four-pence for every yard fquare, and after that rate’ for a greater or leffer quantity:

For and upon all foreign muflins to be printed, ftained, paint- for aq fuch ed, or dyed, (except fuch as (hall be dyed throughout of one foreign muf-colour only), which fhall be of greater value than three fhil- hns of greater lings by the yard fquare, at the ready money price, either at London, or at the neareft market town to the place where the	yard,

fame fhall be prefented to the officer appointed to take an account thereof, before they are printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, the fum of eight-pence by the yard fquare, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. New duties That the faid feveral duties herein-before mentioned fhall be to

fubjedt and liable to the additional duties or imports of five tionaUmpofte pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per of 5 per cent. centum on the produce and amount thereof refpedtively, in the ontheamount fame manner, and under the fame regulations, as the additional thereof, duties of five pounds per centum, live pounds per centum, and	c

five pounds per centum, are granted to his Majefty by three fe- a£ Geo. *3. veral acts of parliament, made in the nineteenth, twenty-firft, i7.;ahdaa and twenty-fecond years of his prefent Majefty’s reign.	Geo. 3.C. 66•

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid duties by this adt impofed upon all linens, and Duties on li-ftuffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, fluffs wholly ne1rjs,lt^jtQ ^5 made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, Britijh muflins recoveredTn and fuftians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured fluffs thefamemaa-made of cottorf and other materials mixed, or wholly made of per as thofe cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or upon foreign muflins h^pofed by printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, fhall, from

time

t	Hosted	by	Google

Qot	Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. [1785.

time to time, be raifed, levied, afcertained, fecured, collefted* anfw^red, and paid, by fuch ways and means, and under fuch management, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with the like difcounts, allowances, exemptions, and drawbacks, and in fuch manner and form (except as herein-after is other-wife'excepted), as the duties impofed upon filks, calicoes, linens, and fluffs, printed, flamed, painted, or dyed, by an aft made in «o Anh», c. the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for laying feveral *95	duties upon fope, paper, chequered and figured linens, and upon certain

filks, calicoes, linens, andfluffs, printed, painted, orftained, (amongft other things thereby charged), towards railing the fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, therein mentioned; or by another aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of it Ann®, c. Queen Anne, for laying additional duties on fope and paper, and 9>	upon certain linens, filks, calicoes, andfluffs, (amongft other things

thereby charged), towards railing the fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds, therein mentioned; or by another aft of parliament, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of and 14 Geo. his prefent Majefty, for afcertaining the duty on printed, painted, 3* c. 74, etc.	or dyed fluffs, wholly made of cotton, and manufactured in

Great Britain, and for allowing the ufe and wear thereof, under certain regulations 5 or by any other aft or afts of parliament now in force, relating to the faid duties, or any of them, hre to be raifed, levied, afcertained, fecured, collefted, anfwered, andt paid, fave and except in fuch cafes where it is othefwife provided for By this aft.

V.	And, for the better fecuring the faid duties by this aCt granted,

On or before ^ further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch Aug. 1,1785, proper ftamps or feals (hall, on or before the lirft day of Augufl, damps to be one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, be provided and thftribUted*fby diftributed by the commiffioners for managing the feveral duties fioncnfoi' by	fo™er a&s, and by this aft, chargeable on the

managing the commodities aforefaid, as may ferve to denote the payment or duties on li- charging of the feveral duties by this aft, and the faid former nens, etc. ^fts, chargeable on the fame commodities refpeftively j and that

the faid ftamps or feals, by this aft direfted to be provided*, * fliall be ufed and applied accordingly, and (hall and may, from time to time, be renewed or altered, by the faid commiffioners as often as they fliall fee fit to alter the fame.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

Provifions of That all the powers, authorities, rules, direftions, pains, pe-former afts nalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things whatfoever, du\ie8^herebv contained in the faid feveral afts of the tenth and twelfth years enlarged/ex*	reign	°f	Queen Anne, and the fourteenth year of the

tended to this reign of hi^ prefent Majefty, for railing, afcertaining, receiving, aft.	levying, recovering, fecuring, and paying, the duties on fuch

commodities as are by this aft charged with additional duties, touching the ftamps thereby or hereby direfted, (hall be continued, praftifed, and put in execution, for raifing, afcertaining, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, and paying the additional duties by this aft charged upon the fame commodities,

and

Hosted by Google

1785*] Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. e. 72.	303

and 'all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if they were at large repeated in this pre-fent aft.

- VII. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, after the Penalty on firltday of Auguji, onethoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, printing li-print, ftain, paint, or dye any fuch linens, or fluffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, fluffs wholly made of cotton leaving‘ho-wool, wove m Great Britain, Britijh muflins or fuftians, vel- tice thereof vets or yelverets, dimities, or other figured fluffs, made of cot- at the next ton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, foreign calicoes, and foreign muflins, without giving or leaving at the next office of excife for the faid duties, fuch notice in writing as by the faid aft, in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, is required, he, (he, or they fhall, for every negleft: by not giving fuch notice, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or per- Penalty oft

fons, who (hall print, ftain, paint, or dye, any fuch commo- perfons ob*« dities aforefaid, (hall obftruft or hinder any officer for the faid	tfa

duties in the execution of the powers given by this aft for afcer- execution of taining and fecuring the faid duties, the offender therein, for their duty, every fuch offence, (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer of any iuch com- Penalty on modifies aforefaid, chargeable by this aft, (hall begin to print, printing, etc. ftain, paint, or dye the fame, before the fame (hall have been before the meafured and marked at both ends thereof by the officer of ex- hasbeenmea-cife, with a frame, mark, denoting the meafure thereof, then, fured and and in every fuch cafe, the faid commodities fo printed, ftained, marked by painted, or dyed, before being fo meafured and marked by the excife officer, officer, (hall be forfeited, and the printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer, in whofe poffeffion the fame (hall be found, (hall forfeit twenty pounds for every piece.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That no perfon or perfons, who (hall print, ftain, paint, or dye, Penaltyonre-any of the commodifies aforefaid, chargeable with the faid du- mo™S c°m' ties by this, aft, (ball remove, carry, or fend away, or fuffer to they are be removed, carried, or fent away, any of the commodities ftamped by aforefaid chargeable by this aft, by him, her, or them, printed, proper officer, ftained, painted, or dyed, until fuch time as the proper officer (hajl have taken an account of any particular quantity of fuch commodities aforefaid, fo to be carried away, and until every particular piece or parcel, or remnant, of the fame refpeftively, be duly marked at both ends thereof with a ftamp or feal, or (lamps or feals, denoting the charging the duty as this aft di-refts, on pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence; and that all fuch commodities aforefaid, fo carried Such commo-away, without being marked with a ftamp or feal, or (lamps or dities forfeit-feals, denoting the charging the faid duties, and being found pQffef-in the pafleflion of any draper, or other trader or dealer therein, fion Gf any

or draper, etc.

Hosted by Google

3°4

Penalty on defacing the frame mark.

Commodities not furveyed to be kept feparate from thofe furveyed.

Penalty on concealing commodities with intent to evade the duties.

Penalty on keeping commodities in any place whereof no notice (hall have been given to the officer.

Utenfils liable to duties in arrears, and penalties and forfeitures.

Anno vlcdfimo quiajo Geo£Gii III. (?. $£* 1*7$5* or of any perfon for the ufe of fqch draper, fr^der* pr dealer, for fale, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized l?y any officer of

excife.,.	•	••	>

XI.	And be it farther enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any printer, ftainer* pointer, ordyer of fuqh commodities aforefaid, (hall wilfully cut out, obliterate, or deface, or wilfully fuffer to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced, the frame mark put by the officer on any piece of fuch commodities aforefaid, to denote the meafure thereof, every fuch printer* ftainer, painter, or dyer, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every piece on which the faid frame mark (hall be fo wilfully cut out, obliterated, or defaced.

XII.	And be it further ehadled, That every printer, ftainer, painter, and dyer, of fuch commodities aforefaid, (hall, from time to time, keep fo much of the fame commodities as (hall not have been furveyed and taken an account of by the proper officer, feparate and apart from all others of the fame kind which (hall have been furveyed and taken an account of by fuch officer, on pain to forfeit, for every fqch offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

XIII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer, (hall fraudulently hide Or conceal, or caufe to be hid or concealed, any fuph commodities aforefaid, before or after the fame are printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, with intent to deceive his Majefly pf ;hrs juft duties by this a£t granted, then, and in every fuch cafe, the party fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence; and all fuch commodities aforefaid, which (hall be found in any private workhoufe or other place, whereof no notice (hall have been given to the officer of excife, as by the faid adt, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen 4nne^ is required* (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife.

XIV.	And be it further enaQed by the authority aforefaid. That no printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer, (hall keep any fueh commodities aforefaid, marked with a (lamp or feal, or (lamps or feals, denoting the charging the duties thereon, or unmarked* in any warehoufe, room, or place, whereof no notice (hall have been given to the officer of excife, as by the faid a6l,madein the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, is required; and if any fuch commodities aforefaid, (lamped or undamped, (hall be found in the pofleffion of any printer, ftainer,* painter, or dyer, in any warehoufe, room, or place, whereof no notice (hall have been given to the officer of excife as aforefaid, then, ,and in every fuch cafe, the party fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence; and all the commodities aforefaid, fo found (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife.

XV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all the utenfils and inftruments for the printing, ftaining, painting, or dying of any fuch commodities aforefaid, in cuftody of any fuch printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer, as aforefaid, or of

any

Hosted by

Google

1^85.] Aiitio vicefimo quinto GeoRGII ill. c. 72.	3*05

any perfon or perfons to the ufe of, or in truflr for tjiem, or any ©f them, (hall be liable to, and are hereby made chargeable with, all the debts and duties in arrear and owing by fuch printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer* for any fuch commodities aforefaid, printed, ftained, painted, or dyed by him or them, or in his or their workhoufe or places aforefaid; and (hall be alfo fubjeft to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by fuch perfon or perfons fo ufing fuch workhoufe or other place, for any offence againft this aft relating to the duties on fuch commodities aforefaid, fo printed, ftained, painted, or dyed ; and it (hall ' and may be lawful, in all fuch cafes, to levy debts and penalties, and ufe fuch proceedings, as may lawfully be done by this act, in relation to fuch commodities, in cafe the debtor or offender were the true and lawful owner of the fame.

.XVL And, for the better afcertaining, chargings colie fling, levying, raiftng, and jecuring the feveral duties by this afl impofed upon all linens, and fluffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, fluffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, Britifti muffins and fuflians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other ffgurfd fluffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, and upon foreign muffins, printed, flained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and for preventing frauds	\

concerning the fame ; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch of the faid duties as are chargeable upon fuch Duties fo be commodities printed, ftained, painted, or dyed in England and under the ma-Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, (half be under the management c™mmif-of the eommiffioners and officers of excife in England for the fioners of ex-time being; and fuch of the faid duties as are chargeable upon cife. fuch commodities printed, ftained, painted, or dyed in Scotland,

(hall be under the management of the eommiffioners and officers of excife in Scotland (or the time being. "

XVIL And be it further ena6ted by the authority aforefaid.

That the refpeftive eommiffioners of excife fhall, on or before On or before the firft day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred arid eighty- Aug. t, 1785, five, provide proper frames to denote the meafure of fuch com- ento provide modifies aforefaid, and proper (lamps or feals to denote the frame-marks charging the duties thereon, and (hall caufe the faid refpeftive to denote the frames, (lamps, and feals, to be distributed to the refpeftive of- roeafure, a^d ficers for the feveral purpofes before mentioned; which officers notePthe°dtt-" are hereby enjoined and required* in ufing the fame, to do no ties, hurt or damage, or the leaft damage that may he to the commodities to be fo marked or (lamped; and the faid (lamps, or any of them, may be altered or renewed from time to time as the faid refpeftive eommiffioners (hall from time to time think fit: and if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall, at any time Perfons frau-or times hereafter, counterfeit or forge any (lamp or feal to re- dulently femble any ftamp or feal which (hall be provided, in purfuance counterfeit-of this aft, to denote the charging the duties on the faid linens, in& ftamP8> fluffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, (luffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, Britifh muffins and fuftians, velvets, velyerets, dimities* and other figured fluffs,

VoXXXV.	X	made

Hosted by G( e

306

to fuffer death as felons.

Penalty on perfons felling commodities with a counterfeit ftamp.

If (tuffs are fufpe&edtobe in thecuftody of a draper, &c. undamped, the com-miffiohers,

&c. may iffue their warrants to fearch for the fame, and if found, itre forfeited.

Atiiio vicefimo quinta Geoalgii III. C. yi<	[ i

made of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, foreign calicoes, or foreign muffins, printed, ftained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, or (hall counterfeit'or refemble the impreffion of the fame upon any of the faid goods chargeable by this a<5l, thereby to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of the faid duty hereby, granted ; then every perfon fo offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuf~ fer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy : and if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times hereafter, fell any fuch commoditiesaforefaid^With a counterfeit ftamp thereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, all and every fuch offender and offenders, their aiders, abettors, and affiftants, being duly convi&ed as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds, and (hall be adjudged to (land in the pillory in fome publick place for the (pace of two hours.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That at any time or times, upon oath made by any credible perfon or~perfons, that he, (he, or they have reafon to fufpedfc or believe that any fuch linens, or fluffs’ made of cotton mixed with other materials, or (luffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or Britijh muflins, or fuftians, velvets, velverets, dimities, or other figured fluffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or foreign calicoes, foreign muflins called or other foreign muflins, printed, ftained, painted, or

dyed in Great Britainfor which a duty ought to have been £aid or charged by this a61, or which ought to have been (lamped as by this adl is directed, are or (hall be in the cuftody or poffedion of any draper, or other perfon or perfons trading or dealing therein, or of any perfon or perfons for the ufe or acv count of fuch draper, or other trader or dealer, for fale, without having thereupon fuch (lamps or feals as are by this aft required to denote the payqient or charging, the faid duties thereupon ; it (hall and may be lawful for the refpedfive commiffioners of excife^or any two of them, within their refpe&ive limits, or for any two juftices of the peace in any other parts in Great Bri-tain, from time to time to iffue their refpedlive warrants or orders, thereby authorizing and requiring any officer or officers of excife, with the affiftance of a conftable, or Other officer of the peace, in the day-time, to fearch for the fame, aod to open doors, chefts, trunks, and packages, and to feize fuch linens, or (luffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, or fluffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or Britijh muflins, or fuftians, velvets, velverets, dimities, or other figured Huffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, br wholly made of cotton wool, wave m Great Britain, or foreign calicoes, or foreign muflinsj called Gojfaet, or other foreign muflins, printed, gained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and to bring

them

Hosted by



Google

i Annd vicefimo quinto Geq&Gii III. C. 72.	307

them to the excife office next to the place where they (hall be feized, and that every fuch warrant (hall be obeyed and executed accordingly; and fuch commodities aforefaid, fo found undamped in the poffeffion of fuch draper, trader, or dealer, for fate, or other perfon for the ufe of fuch draper* trader, or dealer, for falet (hall be forfeited.

XIX.	And bC it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That all (tuffs wholly made of cotton wool, commonly called Cotton ft offs or known by the name of Calicoes that have not three blue "^ee^ue threads in each felvage, as diredled by an ad made in the four- threads in teenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, (intituled, An at7 for each felvage, a/cert dining the duty on printed, painted, jiained, or dyed fluff's, to he deemed wholly made of cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, and for forei£n cali’ allowing the ufe and wear thereof under certain regulations,) (hall qco g> be deemed to be foreign calicoes, and on their being printed, 7J6# ftained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, (hall be damped, marked, or fealed at both the ends of each piece or remnant, with a (tamp, mark, or feal, containing the following words \ videlicet. Foreign Calicoes for Exportation y and every draper, tra- How fuch der, of dealer for fate, having in his, her, or their cuftody or |*u^s are poffeffion any fuch foreign calicoes, printed, (tained, painted, e amPe • or dyed, (except dyed throughout of one colour only,) and not papers etc. being (tamped or fealed at both ends of each piece, as directed having in their by this act, (except fuch as have been printed, (tained, painted, poffeffion or dyed, before the commencement of this adt, and have been fuch foreign, (tamped or fealed at one end thereof;) or having in his, her, or their cuftody or poffeffion, any piece of (tuffs wholly made of ^ cotton wopl, wove in Great Britain, commonly called Britijh or (luffs called MatiufaClory, (muffins, neckcloths, and fuftians excepted,) not BrftiffiManu-having the blue threads in the felvages, as required by the faid	the*blue *

’a£t of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, (hall threads in the not only forfeit and lofe the faid goods, or the value thereof, felvages. but (hall likewife forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds for every piece of fuch goods found in his cuftody or poffeffion as aforefaid.

XX.	And be it further enadted, That the owner or printer Every piece

of any piece, or remnant of a piebe, of any croffae, or foreign >of ft£fFtp be muflins, and foreign calicoes, (hall, before the fame are fare itfmted prefented to the officer appointed to take an account thereof, etG.	*

mark the fame at both ends with a frame or mark, containing

in words at length his name and place of abode, and alfo the name of the goods which they are commonly called or known by, dn pain to forfeit the faid gtoods, and the fum of ten pounds Penalty on for every piece or remnant of fuch goods that (hall be printed,^ negieft. ftained, painted, or dyed, (except thofe that are dyed throughout of one colour only,) without being fo marked.

XXI.	And be, it further enadted, That the owner or printer Name and of any piece or remnant of linens, or fluffs made of cotton

mixed with other materials, or fluffs wholly made of cotton and name and wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called Britijh Manu- quality of the factory, or muflins plain, chequered, ftriped, figured, or orna- goods^ tc*be

X %	mented,

Hosted by Google

goS	Anno vicdimo qultfto Georgii III. C. 72.	[1^%.

marked on men ted, that (hall be wove in Graz/ Britain, except fuflians, fluffs liable to velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured (luffs made of the duty of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton yard-* ^	W00^ wove in Great Britain, which are by this aft made fub-

( 9	jeft to a duty of one penny	halfpenny per yard fquare, ihall

mark the fame at both ends of every piece or remnant, with a. frame or mark, containing in words at length his or her name and place of abode, the name and quality of tlfe goods, and the linen-and (luffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, and (luffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain; com-aud the ready monly called Britijh Manufactory^ with the ready moiiey price or money price value thereof; (that is to fay,) if linens, whether the price is more to be m*rke(j than fixteen-pence, or more than two (hillings and fixpence by the cdBritifhMa- Yal*d in-length, or if (luffs made of cotton and other materials ' nufaftory,be- mixed, or (luffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great foreprefented Britain, commonly called Britijh Manufactory, or Britijh muf-^^erexcife lins, whether the ready money price or value thereof be more than twenty-pence, and not more than three (hillings, by the yard fquare, or whether the ready, money price or value thereof be more than three (hillings by the yard fquare ;before the fame (hall be prefented to the officer appointed to take an account Owner to de- thereof, to be printed, (lained, painted, or dyed; and in cafe ter etc l^le owner *s not printer, (lainer, painter, or dyer, then with the6 C* fhaM deliver a note in writing with the faid linens or (Iqffs to fluff?, etc. an the printer, (lainer, painter, or dyer, expreffmg the number of account of pieces, their quality and value as aforefaid, and the time whea the number, Slivered to the printer, (lainer, painter, or dyer ; which note vaiue^of the	Printer*	(lainer,	painter,	or	dyer,	dial	1	deliver	to thp

pie^esdeliver- officer who is to take fcn account of the faid linens and (luffs, ed, which is before the fame (liall be printed,,(lained, painted, or dyed? (ex-to be given to cept t|10fe that are t0 be dyed throughout of one colour only,) fice/before0 " on Pa’n l^at eveTY piece or remnant of fuch linens or,(tuffs, not printing, etc. fo marked as aforefaid, (hall be forfeited, and may be feiz^d by Penalty on any officer of excife, and the owner,, or other perfon putting negledt of the out or fending fuch piece not fo marked, (hall forfeit and lofe above menti- the fum of twenty pounds; and that every printer, (lainer, tions Fesula’ painter, or dyer, being the owner, who (hall print, (lain, paint, or dye, any of the faid linens or (luffs, (except fuch as (hall be dyed throughout of one colour only,) (hall, before he begins to print, (lain, paint, or dye the fame, mark each piece, or remnant of a piece, at both ends thereof, with a frame or mark, containing in words at length his or her name and place of abode, and alfo the name of the goods, which they are cemr monly called and known by, with the ready money price or value thereof; (that is to fay,) if linens, whether the price is more than fixteen-pence, or more than two (hillings and fix-pence by the yard in length, or if (luffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, or (luffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called Britijh Manufactory^ or Britijb muffins, whether the ready money price or value thereof be

more

Hosted by Google

Arino vicefimo quinto GeoRGII HI. c« 72.	309

more than twenty-pence, and not more than three (hillings, by the yard fquare, or whether the ready money price or value thereof be more than three (hillings by the yard fquare, before he begins to print, ftain, paint, or dye the fame, (except thofe that are dyed throughout of one colour only,) on pain to forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every neglect, and alfo the faid linens and fluffs not fo marked as aforefaid (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife; and in cafe fuch Penalty on owner, or other perfon fo putting out or fending any fuch marking ftuffs linens or fluffs to be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, as afore- a p5uCe leif faid, or any fuch printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer, (hall mark *aa^ e re any piece or remnant of fuch linens or fluffs at a price lef$ than the real value, or ready money price, as herein-before directed, every fuch piece or remnant (hall be forfeited, and may be feiz-ed by any officer of excife, and the owner thereof (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence.

XXII.	And whereas it may happen in the printing, flaming, paint-

ing, or dying the commodities aforefaid, that the frame-marks, fet thereupon by the officer of excife to denote the meajure thereof, may unavoidably become obliterated or defaced, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That when the faid frame-marks (hall be- Frame marks come obliterated or defaced, the printer, ftainer, painter, or unavoidably dyer, who (hall print, ftain, paint, or dye the faid com modi- renewed^ ties, (hall give notice thereof to the officer of excife, under upon notice whofe furvey he is, and require the faid officer to renew the faid beinggiven to frame-mark, who lhall renew the fame accordingly.	*he eXGife of-

XXIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, cer#

That if any perfon whatfoever (hall, at any time or times here- Penalty on after, counterfeit or forg? any frame-mark, to denote the mea- counterfeit-fure of anyxfuch corpmodities, directed to be marked by this ithe frame-a<ft, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, ™ar *

of the duties to be charged thereon, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds,

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, pains, pe- Provifions of nalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things ip this adt this aft lhall contained, (hall extend to all filks, calicoes, linens, and fluffs,	of*

of what kind foever, or fluffs wholly made of cotton wool, upmTfilks" wove in Great Britain, commonly called Britifh Manufactory, etc. by 10	*

printed, ftained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, arid (hall Anne, c. 19. be pradiifed and put in execution for railing, afcertaining, re- riQC^? ceiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, and paying the duties ™ c ^ impofed upon all filks, calicoes, linens, and fluffs of what kind 3’ *	?

foever, or fluffs wholly made of cotton, printed, ftained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, by the faid adts made in the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the fourteenth year of the reign of his preferit Majefty, or by any pf them.

J£XV. And whereas the duties impofed by the faid aft, made in,

' -	x	3	the

Hosted by Google

A drawback of the duties

3|Q	Anno	viccfimo	quirvto	Georgii	HI.	c.	72. [ 1785* %

Hhedaft feffion of parliament^ upon fluffi made of cotton and linen . mixed, and fluff's wholly mage of coltonyiuool9 wove in Great Bri- ,

' tain, and bleached or dyed in'Qfeat Britain, have been paid for divers quantities of fuch fluffs which may hereafter be printed, flainedy painted, or dyed in Great Britain^ and thereby become chargeable %vitb the duties by this aft impofed upon fuch fluffs to be printed\ fained, painted\ or dyed in Great Britain, and it is reafonable that9 upon payment of the duties by this aft impofed upon fuch fluffs, when printed, fained, painted, or dyed,	allowance fhould be made for

. the duties before paid in purfuance of the faid aft, made in the lift feffion of parliament, for the fame fluffs-when bleached or dyed; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall . be lawful for any printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer of fuch fluffs* actdofniaftrthe as	who, after the firfl day of Auguft, one thoufend

feffion pn feven hundred and eighty-five, (hall print, flam, paint, or dye goods charge- any of the faid fluffs, made of cotton and linen mixed, or fluffs able with new wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, that (lull obtainedun-	^een	charged with the duties impofed by the faid a6t,

on appUcati- 011 their being bleached, and (hall have the mark or feal thereof in the on, denoting the faid duties to have been charged, and alfo the manner here- t frame-marks thereon, or for the owner of the fame fluffs, when (n prefcribed. tj-,e duties by this a£t granted (hall be charged upon the fame fluffs, on their being printed, ftained, paintpd, pr dyed, to make application to any two or more qommiffioners of excife in England or Scotland refpedlively, if fuch fluffs, of fluffs made bf cotton as aforefaid; (hall be printed, ftained, painted, pr dyed within the limits of the chief office of excife in London or Edinburg*h refpectively, or in other places in Great Britain, to any two or more juftices of the peace within whofe jurifdiftion fucfi fluffs, or fluffs made of cotton as aforefaid, (hall be printed^ ftained, painted or dyed, for a drawback or allowance of the "	iduties before paid upon the bleachipg tjie fame fluffs refpec-

tively, upon the terms, and ip the manner herein-aft'er mentioned ; that is to fay, fuch printer, ftainer, painter, oy dyer, or fuch owner, after having given twelve hours notice* in writing^ to the officer appointed by the commiflioners for i	that purpofe, (hall produce to the faid officer every piece oF

Fuch fluffs, or fluffs made of cotton as aforefaid, and (hew fuch officer the (lamps or feals, denoting the charging the duties upon the bleaching thereof, at both erids thereof, and alfp the frame-marks at both ends thereof; and the faid officer 'Khali take off the feme feals or damps,' and the frame-marks, from both ends of every fhch piece, arid thereupon fuch officer (hall give the feid printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer, or fucfi owner, a Certificate, without fee or reward, or other chargej except fuch (latrip duties as may be required by law, expreff-ing the quantities and kinds bf fuch fluffs, or (luffs made of cotton as aforefaid, arid that the (lamps or feals, denoting the faid duties to haye been charged, and the frame-marks, were upon fuch pieces when the feme were prqduced to him, and 1‘. ■	-	•	" v:i	;i u‘ •’	" :"	that

Hosted by Google

3 Anno yicefima quinto G&orgii HI. c♦ 72.	311

that lie had taken off fuch ftamps or feals„ and frame-marks* and that the duties by this a£t chargeable had been charged upon the fame.

XXVI.	Provided always, That .every fuch printer, ftainer, Perfonsap-painter, or dyer, or fuch owner as aforefaid, who (hall apply for P|y*ng f°r a* an allowance of the faid duties paid upon the bleaching the faid ^u?Ies paid fluffs, or fluffs made of cotton as aforefaid, (hall give notice, under former in writing, of his intention to apply for the fame, unto the col- act, to give Jedlor or fupervifor of excife of the diftri<ff within which fuch ap- previous no-plication^fhall be made, fourteen days before fuch application, to ^oHector or the com'miffioners of excife, or juftices of the peace refpe<51iv.ely, fupervifor of in order that fuch collector or fupervifor may attend, if he excife. thinks fit, to (hew unto the commiflioners or jjuftices refpec-

tively any reafon againft the making fuch allowances; and fuch Oath to be printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer, or his chief workman, or made of the fuch owner as aforefaid, (hall make oath (or, being a Quaker, duties having affirmation) before the commiflioners or juftices refpedtively, ceppai that he verily believes that the faid duties upon bleaching fuch fluffs, or fluffs made of cotton as aforefaid, have been paid, and that the duties by this a& impofed upon the printing, flaming, painting, or dying the fame fluffs, or fluffs made of cotton refpe&ively, have been charged thereupon, and that fuch notice as aforefaid had been given to the faid officer to take off the ftamps or feals, and frame-marks, and alfo fuch notice as aforefaid given to the colle&or or fupervifor of the application be^ ing intended to be made; which oath or affirmation fuch com- eommifEon-miflioners or juftices are hereby authorifed and required toa.dmi- f*c. au-nifter; and thereupon it (hall be lawful for thefajd two or more commiflioners of excife, or two or more juftices refpe&ively, t^eo^th, being fatisfied of the truth thereof, and no fufficient reafon be-	*

ing ihewn to them to the contrary, upon fuch certificate a$ aforefaid, from the officer appointed to examine the faid goods* being produced to them, to order the collector of the duties by ancj or(j€r this a£t granted, to pay out of the money in his hands arifing repayment of by the faid duties, unto fuch printer, ftainer, paipter, or dyer, the duties or fuch owner, fo much money as the duties paid upon the bleaching the fame fluffs, or fluffs made of cotton as aforefaid, amount unto; and if the faid collector (hall not have money fuffident in his hands to pay the fame, the commiflioners (hall caufe the fame to be paid out of any monies arifing by the faid duties by this aql granted.

XXVII.	And be it further enadled by the authority afore-

faid, That it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons who (hall Ferlbns who have paid all his Majefty’s duties by this or any former adl pay-	uf

able for any fuch linens, or fluffs made of cotton mixed, with of thofcUwTo other materials, or fluffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in have paid, the Great Britain, Britijb muffins, and fuftians, velvets, velverets, duties, may dimities, and other figured fluffs made of cotton and other tofor^8* materials mixed, or made of cotton wool, woye in Great Brt- parts?

tain* or foreign calicoes, or foreign muffins, or coffaes, printed, ffaified, painted* or dyed in Great Britain^ or for any perfon or * X 4	.	~	peffQPs

Hosted by Google

Si*

Terms of ex* portation.

No linens,

etc.to be packed up for exportation but under the limitations herein pre* fcribed;

and fecurity to be given for their exportation.



Anno vlcefimo quinto Geobgii HI* c. [1785;

perfons who (hall buy or be lawfully intitled to any fuch commodities aforefaid, printed, Gained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, from the perfon or perfons who a&ually paid his Ma-jefty’s (aid duties, to export from any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, any fuch commodities aforefaid, for which all the duties (hall have been paid, to any foreign parts by way of merchandize, upon the terms, and according to the dire&ions herein-after mentioned; that is to fay, the perfon or perfons, fo intending to export any fuch commodities aforefaid, (hall give twelve hours notice in writing within the limits of the chief office of excife m London^ and twenty-four hours notice in writing in other places in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up in order to be exported any fuch commodities, and of the time and place when and where he will pack up the fame, to the officer or officers of excife who fhall be appointed for that purpofe by the refpedtive commiffioners of excife m England or Scotland; and fuch officer or officers (hall take care to imeafure the faid goods, and to fee that the feals or Gamps, denoting the payment of the duties upon fuch -goods, and alfo the frame-marks upon the fame, be taken off from both ends of every piece fo intended to be exported, (except as bere-in-after is excepted ;) and every fuch piece .(hall be packed up in the prefence of fuch officer or officers, who (hall take an account of the kinds and quantities of the commodities aforefaid fo intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the officer who (hall be appointed by fuch commiffioners to receive the fame at the port of exportation, without any fee pr reward for fo doing.

XXVIII.	Provided always, That the faid officer or officers (hall not permit to be packed up in order to be exported, and (hall not take off fuch feals or Gamps, denoting that the (aid duties have been paid or charged, from any piece of fuch commodities aforefaid not having the frame-mark, denoting the meafure thereof, diftindt and plain at both ends thereof; and not obliterated or defaced, (except as herein-after is excepted,) which frame-mark (hall be cut off at the fame time as the Gamps or feals denoting the payment of the duties; and the perfon or perfons, fo intending to export fuch goods, lhall alfo give fix hours notice in writing of the time and place of (hipping fuch goods unto the pfficer of excife of the place where the fame (hall be (hipped, who (hall attend and fee the fame put oh (hip-board; and the exporter of the faid goods (ha)} alfo, before the (hipping the fame, give fufficient fecurity, to be approved of by the commiffioners of excife, or the perfon by them appointed for that purpofe, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular commodities aforefaid, fo intended to be exported, and every part thereof, (hall be (hipped and exported, and (hall not be unfhipped, uni laded, or laid on land, or put on board any other (hip or vefi-fel within Great Britain, ((hipwreck, and other unavoidable accidents, excepted;) whicji fecurity thq oige^r of exjifp of the

:	-	port

^ Hosted by Google

1^8$.] viGcflmo quinta Georgn III. c.	|ij

port where the faid goods Avail be exported, is hereby dire&ed to take in his Majefty’s name, and to hjs MajeAy’s ufe; and Oath to be Jhe faid exporter, or his clerk or manager. Avail make oath (or ^ade that the affirmation, if a Quaker) that he believes the duties upon fuch beeupaid^tc. goods had been paid, and that fuch goods are the fame that are	*

defcribed in the account fent as aforefaid by the officer in whofe prefence the fame were packed, to the officer attending the Avipping, (which oath or affirmation the furveyor, or other officer appointed by the commiflioners for that purpofe, is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter;) and the faid furveyor or fupervifor, or other officer aforefaid, and the officer who at-	,

tended the Avipping the faid goods, being fatisfied of the truth thereof. Avail, within one month after the exportation of the faid goods, give to the faid exporter, or his clerk or manager, a certificate or debenture exprefling the quantities and kinds of fuch goods fo fivipped, and that all the duties are paid for the fame, and that fecurity hath been given before the (hipping the fame for the due exporting the fame; and fuch certificate or debenture being produced to the collector of the port where the fame goods are exported, he Avail forthwith pay or allow to the perfons fo exporting the fame, or their agents, a drawback or Drawback al-allowance of all the duties before paid for fuch goods fo export- low^d on ex? ed ; and if fuch colleflor Avail not have money in his hands to por 1 pay the fame, then the refpe&ive commiAioners of excife in Great Britain are required to pay the faid drawback or allowance out of the duties upon linens or fluffs printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, arifing by this or either of the faid former a<5ts.

XXIX.	Provided always. That it Avail be lawful for the of- Goods maybe Acer attending the Avipping fuch commodities aforefaid (if he opened at the Avail think it neceffary) to open pr examine fuch goods at the Port °/ex* port of exportation, in order that he may be fatisfied that they the proper ^ £re the fame that are defcribed in the account fent to him by officer.

the officer in whofe prefence the goods were packed.

XXX.	Provided always, That if, after the Avipping of any Penalty on ,

fuch commodities aforefaid, and the giving or tendering fuch unlbipping fecurity as aforefaid in order to obtain an allowance or drawback |?od8”?	.

of the duties charged thereupon, the fame commodities, or any w£fch have*11 part thereof. Avail be unAvipped, unladed, or laid on land, or been (hipped put into any other Avip or veffel within Great Britain, ((hip- for exportati* wreck, and other unavoidable accidents, excepted,) that then, on*

and in every fuch cafe, over and above the penalty of the bond,

which Avail be levied and recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, all the	'	t

faid commodities aforefaid, which Avail be unfhipped, unladed,

pr laid on land, or put into any other Avip or veffel within

Great Britain, (except as befpre excepted,) or the value thereof.

Avail be forfeited. "	«	,	.

XXXI. Provided nevertheless. That the exporter of fuch Exporters of commodities as aforefaid, as Avail have been printed, Aained, linens, etc. painted, or dyed, before the faid firft day of Augujl, one thou- Prifrit.edietc* fand feven hundred and eighty-fiye, and Qvall have been marked ^	^

: -	’ o ‘	:	‘	* ' with * 7 -*	'

h	•	. i \

,	Hosted	by	Google

1*4

titled to drawback* though the goods are marked at one end of the piece only.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer

A»hq viejpfimo quinto Geoegii III* 72, [ 1785.

with a flamp or fcal, or (tamps or feals, denoting the charging the former duties thereon, at one end of each piece only, (hall* upon the exportation thereof, be intitled to a drawback of the faid former duties paid thereupon, upon the terms, and according to the diredions herein-hefore mentioned, notwithftanding fuch commodities aforefaid are marked or (lamped at one end of each piece only, fuch exporter making proof, to the fatis-fadion of the officer who (hall fee the faid goods packed up, that the fame were printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, before the faid firft day of Augujl^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, who (hall certify that fuch proof has been made in the account of the faid goods, which he is herein-before directed to return to the officer to be appointed by the faid commififoners to receive the fame, at the port of exportation.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all the monies arifing by the duties by this ad granted (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his

feparate from	exchequer,	feparate	and	apart	from	all	other	duties.

all others.

and (hall be applied to the fame ufes and purpofes as the duties by this ad, and the faid other ad of this prefent feffion of parliament repealed, were applicable unto.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

Allthepow-	That all and every the powers, authorities, diredions,

ers, penalties, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and etc.contained things, which in and by an ad, made in the twelfth year of in xi Car. a. t^e rejgn Qf {£jng Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for tak-other \awtL tn& away l^e court °f war^s and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and lating to ex- by knights fervice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon

\ cife duties, his Majejly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force re-fbr collecting }ating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, or inland duties under int? the duties ^ie management of the commiffioners of excife, are provided, thereby fettled, or eftablifhed, for fecuring, enforcing, managing, raif-granted, (hall ing, levying, colleding, paying, mitigating, or recovering^ be applied in adjudging, or afeertaining the duties or penalties thereby grant-aetCUtmSthl9 anc* ^or Preventlng* deteding, and punching frauds relating thereto, (other than in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions are prefciibed by this ad,) fhall be exercifed* pradifed, applied, and put in execution in and for the manage ing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, afeef-taining, recovering, and paying the feveral duties hereby grants ed, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, diredions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated, and again enaded in this prelent

ad.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

Penahiesand faid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, refpeding the forfeitures inland duties impofed by this ad, (hall be fued for, reco-how to be re- yered, leyied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, and methods, awtkd* and as any	or,	forfeiture,	is or may be hied for, reco-

p,p ."•* vered, levied^ or mitigated* by any law qr Jaws of excife, or by

Hosted by

Google

1785.I Anno vicefimo quiato Georgii HI. c. 72*

a<Stion of debt, bill, plaint, or info/irration, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Wejiminjler^ or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpe&ively $ and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who lhall difcover, inform, or fue for the fame.	,

XXXV.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That the feveral duties which were impofed by the herein- From Aug.x, before recited aft, made in the laft feffion of parliament, upon 1785, the old all fluffs made of or mixed with cotton, not printed, painted,ftuffT^c ftaiped, or dyed in foreign parts, which (hould be imported or imported to brought into this kingdom, (hall, from and after the faid'firft ceafe,audtfae day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, following to ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid and payable; and in lieu and in ftead thereof, there (hall be raifed, levied, colleded, y\z% and paid, to^and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, for and upon the feveral goods herein-after enumerated, which, from and after the faid firft day of Auguji^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties, already impofed thereon, the feveral and refpe&ive duties herein-after mentioned j that is to fay,

For and upon all linens, printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, For all linens in foreign parts (except fuch linens as (hall be dyed throughout printed, etc. of one colour only, and except alfo fuch linens p are prohibit- part°gre|fxcept ed to be ufed or worn in Great Britain,) which (hall be of thofe’dyed , greater value than (ixteen-pence, and not of greater value than throughout two (hillings and fixpence the yard in length, there (hall be paid of one colour, the fum of one penny halfpenny by the yard fquare :	i6d?andm>t

more than as. 6d. per yard,—id. aq. per yard?

And for and upon all fuch linens (except as before excepted) for all fuch which (hall be of greater value than two (hillings and fixpence linen8 worth by the yard in length, there (hall be paid the fum of three-pence	yard!*

by the yard fquare :	3d! per yard*:

For and upon all fluffs made of cotton and other materials for all cotton mixed, and all fluffs wholly made of cotton wool, printed, ftain- or mixed ed, painted, or dyed in foreign parts (except as before except- etc in^rei^i cd,) which (hall be of greater value than twenty-pence, and parts, from2 pot of greater value than three (hillings by the yard fquare, *od. to38. ad. (here (hall be paid the fum of two-pence by the yard fquare :	per yard*

And for and upon all fuch fluffs made of cotton and other for all fuch materials mixed, and fluffs wholly made of cotton wool (ex- ^or^an 3 eept as before excepted,) which (hall be of greater value than per jthree (hillings by the yard fquare, there lhall be paid the fum per yard: of four-pence by the yard fquare:	forallmuflins

For and upon all muflins printed, ftained, painted, or dyed printed, etc. jn foreign parts (except as before excepted,) which (hall be of greater value than twenty-pence, and not of greater value than *0d.to3s. per

; 1	-	'	three	yard, ad. per

yard:

sd by :>ogIe



for all fuch _ muflins worth more than 38. per yard, 4d. per yard: for all fufr tains, etc. printed, etc. in foreign parts, id. xq. per yard.

Duties liable tcvthe additional impofts of 5I. per cent.'on the amountthere-of, as granted by 19 Geo. 3. fc.i5, and,a* Geo. 3. C, 66.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72.' [1785;

three (hillings by the yard fquare, there (hall be paid the Tun* pf two-pence by the yard fquare:

And for and upon all fuch muflins (except as before except-ed,) which (hall be of greater value than three (hillings by the yard fquare, there (hall be paid the fum of four-pence by the yard fquare:

And for and upon all fuftians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured fluffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, or made wholly of cotton wool, printed, ftained, painted, or dyed in foreign parts, (except as before excepted,) there (hall be paid the fum of one penny halfpenny by the yard fquare, and in the like proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch goods refpeCtively : and the faid duties (hall alfo be fubjeCt and liable to the additional duties or imports of five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, on the produce and amount thereof refpeCtively, in the fame manner, and under the fame regulations, as the additional duties of five pounds per centum^ and five pounds per centum, are granted to hisMajefty by two feveral aCts of parliament made in the nineteenth and twenty-fecond years of his Majefty’s reign.

XXXVI.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Dutiesjonim- aforefaid, That the faid duties herein-before granted upon the portation of importation of fuch foreign linens, cottons, muflins, fuftians,

l\nens velvets, velverets, dimities, and figured fluffs, (hall be under the manaee- t^ie rnanagement and direction of the commiffioners of his Ma-■* jhent of com- jefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeCtively, and (hall miffionersof be 'drawn back upon the exportation of the fame goods; and cuftoms, and tiie faid duties and drawbacks (hall be raifed, levied, collected, bellowed recoverec!* Paid, and allowed, in the fame manner and form, former draw- and under fuch reftriCtions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by [backs. ' fuch rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for fuch goods are refpeCtively raifed, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where any alteration is made by this aCt,) as fully, to all intents and purpofe?, as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and. forfeitures, in any aCl or aCts of parliament relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enaCted in this aCt.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted,

Duties on im^ That the before-mentioned duties, which are chargeable upon portation of the importation of fuch foreign linens, cottons, and muflins, foreign hnens, according to the value thereof, (hall be afcertained and paid, certained and *n ^me Homier, and the goods (hall be fubjeCt and liable paid in like to the fame rules, regulations, reftriCtions, and forfeitures, that manner as for other unrated goods, undervalued by the importer or proprie-Other unrated tor> are fubjecft and liable to by sny aCt or aCts of parliament f00 B* now in force.	v

- . .	XXXVIII.	And	be it further enaCted by the authority afore-

^Uont1011 °f That anY aCtion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced ??	*	againft apy perfop or perfons, .for apy thing by him or them

" ’	■	^pne

Hosted by Google

<785.1 Anno vicefimo quinto GfioRGii III. e.73.	g	j

done in purfuance of this a£t, fuch a<3ion or fuit (hall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county 5 and the defendant or defendants in fuch a&iori or fuit may plead the general General Iffae* iflue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict (halt pafs for the defendant or defendants* or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their a&ion or profecution, or judgement (ball be given again ft him , her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife* then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble colls awarded to him, her. Treble or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

C A P. LXXIIL

An aft to declare, that brewers felling leer or ale in lefs quantities than a cajk, containing four gallons and a half Jhall not be; inttiled to any allowance out of the duties of excife for wajie or leakage ; and for making allowances to diftillers of Idw winey and fpi-ritsfrom maltcor n, or grain, in refpeft to the duties imp ofed by an aft of the lafi feffion of parliament.

WHEREAS, by two afts of 'parliament, made in the twelfth Preamble.

year of the reign of King Charles the Second; one intituled,

A grant of certain impositions upon beer/ ale, and other Recital of 1% liquors, for the increafe of his MaJsftyV revenue during his Car#a’c* life; and the other intituled, An a<5t for taking away the court of an(i Gt wards and liveries, and tenures incupite, and by knights fer-~ vice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon hteMa-	’ '

jefty in lieu thereof, it.was among other things, enaftedyThatevery common brewer^ not felling beer or ale by retail, for and in confderation	\f'f

of wajle by filling and leakage of their beer and ale, Jhould have and be allowed, out of the returns made by the gaugers, the feveral allow -	. ■	-

ances and abatements after mentionedy that is to fay, upon every three and twenty barrels of beer, whether flrongor finally returned by the faid gaugers, three barrels; and upon every two and'twenty barrels of ale, whether Jlrong or fmall, returned by the gaugers, two barrels: and whereas, by another aft of parliament, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, {intituled, v An additional aCt for the better ordering and collecting the'duty ls car. a. c„ pf excife, and preventing the abufes therein,) it was, among n.

-other things, enafted. That no common brewer of beer and ale Jhould fell, deliver, or carry out, any beer or ale to any of his tujlomers, either in whole cajk, or by the gallon, before notice given to an excife officer, but between the hours of the day therein mentioned: and whereas, by another aft of parliament, made in the firjl year of the reign of King William and ghieen Mary, (intituled, An aft for an additional duty of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors,) it it was among other things, enafted. That the allowances appointed to be made and allowed to the common brewers, other than within. the cities of London and Weftminfter, and the weekly bills of mortality, for wajle by fillings and leakage of their beer and ale, out of the

returns

iGul. 3c Mar. c. »4.

ted by Google

3i$	Afina	Vkefimo	quint© GeoRGII til. c. 73.	f 178$.

returns or charges made by thi gaugers or other fhould he two barrets and an half Upon every three and twenty 'barrels, of beer and ale, whether Jlrong or fthnll, and no more: and whereas many iommon brewers, under the elaufe above recited of the faid aft of the fifteenth year of King Charles the'Second, do fell great quantities of teer or ale by Jingle gallons, to divers of their cuftomers, and never-thelefs claim the aforefaid allowance, dir eft ed to be made, for waftt by fillings and leakage, to common brewers riot felling beer or ale by tetail, by the faid two afts of the twelfth year of King Charles the r _ .. . Second, or by the faid aft of the firft year of King William and $%ueen Mary 5 and it has been doubted whether juch brewers, fo felling their beer or ale by [ingle gallons, are intitled to the faid allowances ; now to remove fuch doubts, be it enabled by the King's? mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confertt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent From July $ parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thafy X?Von felHn ^rom after' the fifth day of Juty+one thbufand feven hundred 2eer°et<f. in*a anc* eighty-five, every common brewer, who (ball fell beer or lefsQuantity ale, or worts, in any lefs quantity, at any one time, than in a than 4 gal- whole calk, containing four gallons and an half, fhall be deem-jj)1?|anda , ed to fell beer or ale by retail, and fhall not be intitled to the *reta&er?e 1 allowance for wafte by fillings and leakage in the faid two a£U of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and the faid a<ft of the firft year of King William and Queen Mary, mentioned, nor to any other allowance for or in confix - deration ofi fuch wafte whatfoever.

II.* And whereas by a certain aft, made in.the lajt feffton of parr

*** Geo. 3. c.

intituled. An a6l to difcontinue, for a limited time, the Low wines Paymcn^ of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home ar^f^rits^for confiimption, and for granting and fecuring the due payment home con- of other duties, in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of fumption. the making and vending Britijh fpirits, as well for home con-fumption as for exportation ; and for deftroying all home made and foreign fpirits, after the condemnation thereof ; and for vefting in his Majefty the duties of excife, within the lands of Ferentofh, in the county of Invernefs; and for difcontinuing, for a limited time, certain imports and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the JVeft Indies: it was enafted. That for and during the /pace of two years, to be computed from the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, all the rates and dutiesr granted and inipofed upon low wines and fpirits for home confumplion, in and by any aft or afts thentofore made and then in force, Jkould be difcontinued; and that, in lieu and fiead thereof, the feveral rates and duties in the faid aft mentioned, fi)ould,for and during the faid term of two years, be fubjlituied, charged, and paid, which duties in the faid aft mentioned are lower in value than the duties by the faid aft difcontinued: and whereas, at the time of faffing the faid aft, divers difiillers or tnakers of low wines and fpi-tits from malt, corn, or grain, were poffefjed of a large flock of fpirits, dtftiUed from malt, corn, or grain, for which the high duties by the faid aft difcontinued had been fully paid, and it is reafonable that

feme

Hosted by Google

1785*] Anno Vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. Ch 73.	'	319

feme allowance Jhould be made to fuch diftillers, in refpeft of the high duties fto' by them paid, for the fpirits which were their fiock in hand at the time of the paffmg the faid aft ; but no provifton is made in tj)e faid aft for making fuch allowance; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the commif- Allowance (loners of excife in England, or the major part of them, in cafes not exceeding; ■where the faid duties were charged within the limits of the aa • every chief office of excife in London, to pay, out of the money in to^bf paidirt their hands, arifing by the duties by the faid aft granted, unto England.aod fuch diftiller or diftillers, any fum or fums of money, not ex- a rateable ceeding twenty-two pounds fterling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of fpirits made from malt, corn, or grain, Scotland, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs quantity; and alfo for on the (Stock the commiffioners of excife in Scotland, or the major part of in hand be-them, in cafes where the faid duties were charged within the twee^°N<i* limits of the chief office of excife in Edinburgh, to pay, out member'! of the money in their hands, arifing by the faid duties, unto I7g4. fuch diftiller or diftillers, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding a rateable proportion of twenty-two pounds fterling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of fpirits made from malt, corn, or grain, according to the duties charged thereon in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful for any two or more juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, or place* in England and Scotland refpedively, within which fuch duties were charged, in cafes where the faid duties were charged out of the faid refpec-five limits, to order the colle<Sior of the faid duties to pay, out of the money in his hands, arifing by the duties by the faid adfc granted, unto fuch diftiller or diftillers, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty-two pounds fterling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of fpirits made from malt, corn, or grain, and in proportion for a greater or lefier quantity in that part of Great Britain called England; and in a rateable proportion of twenty-two pounds for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of fpirits made from malt, corn, or grain, according to the duties charged thereon, in that part of Great Bri*	*

tain called Scotland, according to the refpedlive ftock of fuch diftiller or diftillers, as the fame was taken by the officers of excife refpedively, Jwho furveyed the feveral and refpedlive malt diftillers, between the twenty-fecond day of Oftober, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and the commencement of the faid a<ft; and if the faid cqlle&or (hall not have money Efficient in his hands to pay the faid fums fo ordered, the commiffioners fhall caufe the fame to be paid out of any monies arifing by the faid duties.

III.	Provided alfo, That every fuch diftiller who (hall apply Six days no-for fuch allowance, (hall give notice of his intention to apply tieetobe for the fame, unto the collector or fupervifor of excife of the fintlon mao* diftridt within which the diftillery of fuch diftiller is fituated, piy for faid P fix days before fuch application to the commiffioners of excife allowance, or juftices of the peace refpe&ively, in order that fuch colle&or	*

or

■'	Hosted by	Google

f«®	Anno Hcefimo qulhte GeoRGII Itf. fe. f§; (1

' or fupervifor may attend, (if he thinks fit), to fhew unto fuch commiflioners or juftices, how much the flock of fuch diftillet* refpedtively amounted unto, according to the furvey of the officers made in October^ one thoufarld feveh hundred and eighty-four, as afoVefaid*

Application IV; Provided alfo* That every fuch diftrller^ intending tof to be made by apply for fuch allowance as aforefaid, (hall apply fof the fame Nov* 1,1785. w;thin fix months after the firft day of May, one thoufand fe-. ■ * ■ • ven hundred and eighty-five;

Allowance V. Provided alfo, That after arty of the faid eomrtfilfionefsr

when afcer- or juftices (hall have once afcertained fuch allowance, the fame

!aiu!d«n!Ler *had never after be examined into by any other of the com-to be again	J	J

examined. miliioners or juftices.

VI.	And whereas an account was taken of the flock in hand, at the Jeveral different corn dijiilleries, by order of the commiflioners of excife /// England and Scotland reflectively, and by their proper of* ficers, within ten days next preceding the commencement of the new rate of duties chargeable under the faid a£t, and was fo taken, cajly and computed^ at and after the rate of one to ten over hydrometer Regulations proof \ be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and for perfon8f eVery perfon, claiming any allowance by way of drawback as Reallowance, aforefaid (hall and do prefent a petition to the commiflioners * of excife in, England and Scotland refpe&ively ; in which petition (hall be ftated, not only the amount of the allowance claimed thereby, but alfo the particular place and places where the fpirits on which fuch drawback is claimed, were made and diddled* the particular period or time, within twelve months laft precede ing the commencement of the reduced duties, when the flock of the petitioner, at each and every of fuch place of working* was either entirely out or at the lowed ftate* (if any was then in hand), the time next after fuch period when working began at each of fuch places refpe<5hvely, and for how longtime worts' and wa(h were continued to be brewed and diftilled therein re-fpe6lively, lhe quantity of Wafh brewed, and oh which the dw* ties on low wines and fpirits have been charged, and adtually paid by the petitioner, and the whole amount of the duties fa refpe&ively paid within fuch period; and that the quantity of fpirits fold and permitted out fince the period, within fuch twelve months, at which the ftock was either'wholly out, or at the lowed ftate as aforefaid, together with the ftock fo remaining in hand, and on which fuch drawback (hall be claimed, (caft and computed at one to ten over hydrometer proof), did not amount to one fifth part of the quantity of wafh, on which the duties chargeable on low wines and fpirits had been charged', and actually paid by the petitioner within fuch period, refpedt being had to the dock in hand, if any was at fuch loweft ftate. Petition to be or when the petitioner fo began working; to which petition* ve^hfie^on	(had be annexed an affidavit, made and fworn by one or more

03	’	of the petitioners, before any two or more of the faid refpe&ive

commiflioners, or before two or more juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, or place, where fuch fpirits were

remaining

Hosted by Google

*5^5*1 Anno vicefirhd quinto GEdfeaii III. c. 74.	3U

remaining in flock, verifying the particulars and matters flated in fuch petition; and every perfon or perfons, who fliall be Penalty on donvidted of making or taking, a falfe oath, to any of the facfts makmg falfe herein-before dire&ed or required to be fworn, (hall be deemed oat * guilty of perjury, and (hall be liable to the pains and penalties to which perfons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury;

CAP. LXXIV.

An aft for repealing the duty impofed on tea by an aft pajjed in the ( laji jejfion of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu , thereof; for repealing fo much of feverol afts as relates to the re- „ moval of tea ; for direfting the officers of excife to examine and certify the exportation of excifeable commodities; and for better fe-_ curing the duties on candles.

WHEREAS by an aft, paffed in the lajlfejfion ofparliament, Preamble.

intituled, An a6t for repealing the feveral duties oh tea, 24 Geo. 3. e* and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof; 38. andalfo feveral duties on inhabited houfes; and upon the importation of cocoa nuts and coffee; and for repealing the inland duties of excife thereon ; it was enafted, That,from and after the fifteenth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, the feveral rates, duties, and other impofitions upon teaimported ^ fold, or ufed in this kingdom, Jhould ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that upon all tea, which, from and after the faid fifteenth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four,Jhould be delivered to the buyers thereof by the united, company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, there Jhould be paid to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, by the purchafer or purchafers of fuck tea, a duty of twelve pounds teh finllings per centum, to be computed upon the grofs prices at which fuch tea Jhould be fold; which duty Jhould be paid as in and by that aft is in that behalf direfted and appointed: and whereas it is expedient that the faid duty, by the J'aid aft granted upon tea, Jhould be repealed; and in lieu of the faid duty, by the faid aft granted upon tea, to grant unto his Majefty the two new duties of five pounds per centum, and feven pounds and ten Jhillings per centum, herein-after mentioned; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent tnajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTenir bled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after From Aug. r# the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- 1785, the duff ve, the faid duty, by the faid a<ff granted upon tea, (hall ceafe, *^3™^ b "determine, and be no longer paid or payable; fave and except recited in all cafes relating to the recovering any arrears of the faid duty, a& repealed, tvhich may at that time remain unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto refpedtively,

■which (hall have been incurred upon, or at any time before the faid firft day of Aitgiift, one ihoufadd feven hundred and eighty-five. -

II.	And' be it further enabled by the authority aferefaid, Vql.XXXV.	Y	That

Hosted by Google

%22	Anno vicefimo quinto Geor,gii III; c*. 74; [1785;

New duties in That upon all tea which, from and after the faid firft day-of lieu thereof. Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, (hall be fold by the faid united company, there (hall be paid to the.

„	King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, one duty of five

pounds per centum, to be computed upon the grofs ^prices at which fuch tea fhail be fold \ 2nd alfo one other duty of feveji: pounds and ten fhillings per centum$ to be alfo computed upon the grofs prices at which fuch tea (hall be fold ; which faid duties of five pounds per centum, and feven pounds and ten {hillings per centum, (hall be paid, by the purchafer or purchafers of fuch tea, to the faid united company, at fuch time or times as 1	(hall, by the conditions of fuch fales, be from time to time ap-

'	pointed for the payment of the price of fuch tea to the faid

united company \ and the faid united company fhail at all times, together with the proper officers of thecuftoms, make up an "account of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the.grofs prices at which fuch tea (hall be fold, and pay the fame to the collector inwards of his Majefty’s cuftoms, within forty days fiuty of 5 per after the expiration of each quarterly fale; which faid duty of to be	pQunc]s	per centum fhail be under the management of the

Management commiffioners of the cuftoms for the time being, and fhail be of comm if- again drawn back and repaid upon the exportation of fuch tea (loners ofcuf- to any place where a drawback of the duty on tea is now aUow.-toms, etc. ^ by jaw. an(] fajd united company (hall alfo, at all times,

*	together with the proper officer of	excite* make up an account

of feven pounds and ten (hillings	per centum, to be competed

upon the grofs prices at which fuch tea (hall be fold, and pay the fame to the commiffioners of etfeife for the time being* within* forty days after the expiration of each quarterlyTale; Duty of 7I. which lad mentioned duty fhail be, and (hall be deemed and ios. percent, taken to be an inland duty, and (hall be under the manage-' to be under jpent of the commiflioners of excife for the time being, and menTof the”	be again drawn back and fepaid upon the exportation, of

commiffion- fuch tea to any place where a drawback of the duty oa te$ ers of excife, is now allowed by law; and fuch	tea {hall and may, from time

ctc»	to time, be exported to any place	or places, where the exporta-

tion of tea is now allowed by law, upon the fame terms and conditions, and under and fubjed to the fame rules, reftridi-ons, regulations, and proyifions, (not otherwife direded by this ad,) which in and by an ad made in the twenty-firft: year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, inti-ax Geo, a,c. tuled, An aft for permitting tea to be exported to Ireland, and bis Majefifs plantations in America, without paying the inland duties charged thereupon by an aft of the eighteenth year of his prefent Ma- ■ jefifs reign \ and for enlarging the time for fome of the payments to be made on the fubfeription of fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, by virtue of an aft of this feffion of parliament; or in or by any other a<51 or ads of parliament relating to the exportation of tea, in force at the time of the palling of the faid ad,* made in the laft feffion of parliament, are contained, provided, fettled* or eftablilhed, relating to the exportation of tea* and fueh

rules,

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo quintb GEoRGii III. c. 74.	323

rules, reftridlions, regulations, and provifions, (hall be in full Provifions in force, and be duly obferved, p radii fed, applied, ufed, and Put Jeifti ^^ex-Jn execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, p0rtation of " upon fuch exportation of any fuch tea, any thing herein, or in tea, to be ap-any other adl or adts of parliament, contained to the contrary plied in ex«-in any-wife notwith (landing,	, ^in8thiS

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, c *

That in cafe the monies by the faid adt of the laft feffion of Receiver ge-parliament, diredted to be paid to the receiver general of the neral of the cuftoms, (other than the duty on tea hereby repealed,) (hall,

.together with the monies arifing by the faid duty of five pounds puA of duties, per centum, by this adt granted, at any time in any one quarter to pay the (the neceflary cofts, charges and expences of railing, receiving, fame to the colledtirig, levying, accounting for, and paying the fame being commifiion-firft deducted,) exceed the fum of eighty-feven thoufand one €U Q CXCI c* hundred and thirty*fix pounds, fixteen (hillings, and eight-pence farthing, the faid receiver general (hall pay ovpr fuch ex-Cefs or furplus into the hands of the faid commiffioners of ex-icife for the time being.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That all the monies that ftiall arife by the faid duty of five Thejper founds per centum, granted by this adl, (other than and except cent. duty fuch,excels or furplus as aforefaid,) and all the arrears of the {^Cfus)^be laid duty hereby repealed, (hall be applied and paid by the faid paid into the icoiiedlor inwards* into the receipt of the exchequer, upon the exchequer; feveral diftindl heads of Subfidy or Cuftoms, as the duty hereby 1 repealed has been paid in there, purfuant to the faid adl of the Jaft felfion of parliament; and the laid duty of feven pounds and and alfothe tert (hillings per centum, hereby granted, together with fuch, ex- ^*ni°^u^er tefs or furplus as aforefaid, (hall (all dofts, charges, and expences cen ' u bf railing, receiving, colledting, levying, accounting for, and payitlg the fame being firft dedudled) be, by the faid commiffioners of ekeife for the time being, diftributed in due proportion td the refpedtive heads of excite to which the inland duties bn teas, repealed by the faid adl of the laft fefiion of parliament were applicable, and (hall be by them paid into the receipt bf the exchequer, at the rate of one hundred and thirty-eight thoufand nine hundred and feventy-nine pounds, five (hillings, arid ten-pence halfpenny per quarter ; and fuch monies, fo paid Application into the receipt of the, exchequer, by the faid colledlor inwards, of the duties, and commiffioners of excife, refpedlively, (hall be applied to the fame ufes and purpofes as the laid duty on tea, repealed by the faid. adl of the laft felfion of parliament, were applicable unto; and in cafe, in any one quarter, the monies arifing by the duties granted by the faid adl of the laft feffipn of parliament,

(other than the duty on tea hereby repealed,) together with the faid duty of five pounds per centum by this adl granted, over and above all cofts, charges, and expences of railing, receiving, colledting, levying, accounting for, and paying the fame, (hall be lefethan the fum of eighty-feven thoufand one hundred and thirty-fix pounds, fixteen (hillings, and eight-pence farthing,

Y 2	the

Hosted by C gle

324	Anno	vicefimo	quinto	Georgii III. 6.74. [17^5.

the faid receiver general (hall return a certificate thereof into the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer afore-faid; and in cafe, in any one quarter, the monies arifing by the duty of feven pounds and ten (hillings per centum by this a6t granted, together with fuch exbefs or furplus as afbrefaid, over and above all cofts, charges, and expences of raffing, receiving, collecting, levying, accounting for, and paying the fame, fhall be lels than the fum of one hundred and thirty-eight thoufand nine hundred and feventy-nine pounds, five (hillings, and ten-pence haffpehny, the faid commiflioners of ( excife (hall return a certificate thereof into the faid office of the In cafe of a auditor of the receipt of the exchequer aforefaid ; and fuch dedeficiency of ficiencies refpe&ively (hall, from time to time, be made good

fam^t^be ^y or out	rnoneY	as	ke	or	retTia*in	in	the receipt of

made good	exchequer	of	or	for	the furpiuftes, ex cedes, or overplus

out bf the money, or other revenues compofing the fund commonly called finking fund. The Sinking Fund, at the quarter day next after the faid certify cates refpe&ively fhall have been returned into the office of ttye auditor of the faid receipt; and whatever monies (hall be i(Turd out of the faid fund to makegood fuch deficiencies refpe&ively, (hall be replaced by or out of the firft fupplies to be thereafter granted by parliament.

Receipts of V. Provided always, and be it enaCted, That the receipts of commiffion- tj,e commiffioners of excife, or the major part bf them, (hall a7u%piente a diffident difeharge to the receiver general of the cuftoms difehavge to for fuch monies as he (hall pay to them in purfuance of this receiver ge- ad, and fuch receipts (hall feverally be allowed by the proper neralofcuf- officer or officers in palling' the accounts of (uch receiver ge-tom8‘	neral,	■	'	*	•

Surplus of VI. And be it further enaCted by tl\e authority aforefaid, to be a ^ fiWd That if the monies hereby directed to be paid to the commif-* Turners of excife (hall, in any one quarter, produce, over rind above all cofts, charges, and expences of raffing, receiving, collecting, levying, accounting for, and paying the fame, m6re than Efficient to fatisfy the faid fum of one hundred and thirty-eight thoufand nine hundred and feventy-nine pounds, five (hillings, and ten-pence halfpenny, the furplus which remains, after fatisfying that fum, (hall be paid by the faid commiflioners of excife into the faid receipt of the exchequer, and be applied towards making good the like fums charged upon the laid fubfidy and duty on houfes, windows and lights, in the next fucceeding quarter,

VII.	rfnd whereas, by the before recited aft of the lajl feffen of parliament, the feveral duties and other itnpofitions of exeije upon cocoa nuts or coffee are repealed, and fundry duties are granted and charged on cocoa nuts and coffee imported in lieu thereof; be it en-Monies to aCted by the authority aforefaid, That all the monies that (hall ar^e anc* be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, coa nuts and for and on account of the faid duties, (hall be, and are hereby cv>fFee,howto appropriated, and fhall be applied in manner following; vide-be applied, //^ ons moiety Qr half part thereof (hall be carried to, and

made

Hosted by Google

i 785.]' Anno vlcefimo qulnto GeoRGH III. C. 74.I	325

made a pait of the fund, commonly called The Aggregate. Fund; and the other moiety (hall be carried to, and made a part of the fund, commonly called The General Fund; in lieu of the Former inland duty on coffee fo repealed; and (hall be iffiied, paid, and applied to and for the fame ufes and purpofes as the faid refpec-tive funds are fubject, liable, and appropriated unto. (

VIII.	And zvhereas, by a claufe in a certain aft) tnade in the Recital of a twenty-firjl year of his prefent Majefys reign, intituled, An a6l for claufe in 21 repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Bri- ^eo* 3* c* tain.> and for granting certain inland duties upon cocoa nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual fecuring the revenue of excife, and of the inland duties under the management of,the commiffioners of excife, and for preventing frauds therein ; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties itn-pofed on malt; and for redlifying a miftake in an a<5t 'made in this prefent feflion of parliament, with refpedl to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excife impofed by the faid a61; it was enafted*

That no tea, exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weighty not being in the original chejl in which the fame tea was imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and then continuing in the fame Jlate in which it Was fo imported, at any one time, directed to one and the fame perfon, or perfons where there are two or more in joint trade or partnerjbip%

Jhould be removed or carried from any city, town, parijh, or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excife in London, to any other place out of the ,limits aforefaid, not within the faid city, town, parijh9 or place, from which the fame Jhould be fo removed or carried, under and fubjeft to the forfeitures in the faid aft mentioned; and by another claufe in a certain other aft, made in the twenty fecond year of his Majejlfs reign, intituled, An a6t for repealing the duties payable for a* Geo. 3. beer and ale above fix (hillings the barrel, exciulive of the duties c* of excife, and not exceeding eleven (hillings the barrel, exclu-(ive of fuch duties, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof ; for granting additional duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned ; and alfo additional duties on fope made in Great Britain, and upon the produce of the faid additional duties on coaches and on other carriages; and for the better fecuring the duty upon tea, and Other duties of excife; and alfo for appointing the number of commiffioners of excife who may hear caufes depending before them relative to the duties on male fervants; the removing or carrying tea, exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weighty in manner in the fame aft mentioned, was prohibited, under the forfeitures in the fame aft mentioned ; and the lajl mentioned claufe is amended and enforced by another claufe in a certain other aft of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of hu Majefly s reign, intituled, An a6t for the more effedlual pre- ^	3.	c#

venting the illegal importation of foreign fpirits, and for put- 70. tipg a (lop to the private diftillation of Britijh made fpirituous

y 3	liquors	}

Hosted by Google

3*6	Anno	vicefimo quinto Georgti Till c. £4. £1785^

liquors; for explaining fuch part of the aft impqfing a duty ' upon male fervants, as relates to the right of appeal from the juftices of the peace; to amend and reftify a miftake in an aft of the laft feflion of parliament, with reipeft-to the femoval of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious aftions againft officers of excife afting in purluance' of the authority given by excife ftatutes; iv here by it is matted. That if any tea, exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weight at any one time, diretted to one and the fame.

- ,	perfon, or perfons (where there are two or more in joint trade

cr partnerfo p), and not being in the original chejl, in which the <	fame was imported into this kingdom by the united company of mer-

chants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and then continuing •	in the fame ft ate in zvhich it was imported, Jhould be found removed

or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, from any city, i own+parifh; or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality , or of the chief office of excife in London, to any other place out if the limits aforefaidj not within the faid city, town, parifh, or place, from which the fame -Jhould be Jo removed or carried, all fuch ted, together with the cani-jlers, bags, and other package, containing the fame, and the veffiels and boats, and the korfes, and other cattle and carriages employed in removing and carrying the fame, Jhould be forfeited, and Jhould and might be feized by any officer or officers of excife: and whereas the'' rejlrqining the removing tea from one city, town, parifh, or place to another, without the limits of the chief office^ of excife in London, to( fd fmall a quantity at one time as twenty pounds weight, has been From Aug. i, found inconvenient; be it therefore enafted, That, from and af^ 17*85, the re- ter the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and replied CS eig^tY'five? the faid feveral claufes (hall be, and the fame arej hereby repealed. ?	1	'	'	1	;	'

AlJthepowers IX. And be it further declared and enafted, That all the pow-andprovifions ers, authorities, methods,ru)es, direftions,regulations, penalties,

10 and 1 forfeitures, provifions, claufes, matters, and things, which, in and other ads in by an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of his late Ma-force at the ' jefty King George the Firft, intituled, An att for repealing certain pafTing the tea -duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate, feffion for	cocoa	Pffie imported; and for granting certain inland duties in licit

railing’, re- thereof; and for prohibiting the importation of chocolate ready made, covering, &c. and cocoa ptijlb ; and for better, dfeertaining the duties payable upon the duty	coffee, tea, and cocoa nuts imported; and for granting relief to Ro-

ecTTo be^111* hext	i°te earlof Carnwath ; or in any other aft or afts of

deemed to parliament; relating to*the duties upon tea, in force at the have been in time of palling of the faid aft made in the laft feflion’of parlia-force for fc- rnent, are contained, provided, fettled, or eftablilhed, for ma-n2Smg, a lie fling, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, ad-by the'faid judging, mitigating, afeertaining, enforcing,' or fecuring the tea aft, and duty thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and pu-fhal) be ap- nifhing frauds relating thereto, fhalTbe deemed and taken to jn exe“ have been in full force, to all intents and purpofes, from the' ci^nng t is tjme 0£ tjie pa(fulg 0f i jie faid aft, of the laft feflion of parliament*

.*	i	»	-•	j	■	for

• •	^	Hosted	by	Google

Anno vlcefimo qulnto Georoii III. c. 74.'	337

for the managing, aflfefling, railing, levying, colleding, recover* ing, adjudging, mitigating, afcertaihing, enforcing, or fecuring ^ the faid duty hereby repealed, and for preventing, deteding, and punifhing frauds relating thereto; and the fame powers, authorities, methods, rules, diredions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, claufes, matters, and things, lhall be and continue in full force, and be duly obferved, pradi fed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, in and for the managing, affefling, railing, levy,* ing, colleding, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, afcertaining, enforcing, and fecuring the faid feveral duties by this ad granted, and for preventing, deteding, and punifhing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes (fo far as the fame are not altered by this ad), as if the faid powers, authorities, methods, rules, diredions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, claufes, matters, and things, had been exprefsly inferted and re-enaded in the faid ad, paffed in the laft feffion of parliament, or in this ad.

X.	Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained isfot tofubjeft (hall extend to fubjed any perfon or perfons to any penalty or to forfeitures forfeiture for any ad done or committed by him or them before before the the palling of this ad, to which fuch perfon or perfons would P^ffinShcre-not have been liable if this ad had not been made, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XI. And whereat, by fever al ad!s of parliament, the feveral duties Reciting re-bf excife9 or inland duties, or certain proportions of fuch duties, pay- gulations and able for or upon the feveral commodities after mentioned; that is to ^bferved°&c. fay, Candles, leather, fope, hopspaper, pajleboard, millboard, and by officers of fcaleboard, paper printed, painted\ or flamed, to ferve for hangings cuftoms, tin-and other ufesfjlarch, gold or fiver wire, and bricks and tiles, are der former allowed to be drawn back on exportation of the faid feveral commo- aits*

dities to foreign parts by way of merchandize: and whereas, by the faid feveral ad!s of parliament, certain regulations are provided for preventing frauds in the exportation or relanding any of the faid commodities., and certain powers and authorities are by the faid feveral arts given to the cuHomers, colled! or s, or other officers of his Majefifs , cufioms, at the refpediive ports or places of exportation of the faid feveral commodities refpelively, to admimfier certain oaths, and to take fecurities for the due exportation of the faid feveral and refpediive commodities, and to grant to the exporters thereof certificates or debentures for the allowance of the duties on the faid commodities fo exported refpedlively: and whereas the requiring thofe regulations, powers, and authorities, to be obferved and executed by the cufiomerSy colled! or s, or other officers of his Majeftys cufioms, has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the tenth day of Augufl, one thoufand fe- Such parts of yen hundred and eighty-five, fuch parts of fuch feveral ads of^fea&s reparliament as require the laid regulations, powers, and autho- ^ea e * rities, to be obferved and executed by the cuftomers, colledors, or other officers of his Majeftv’s cuftoms, Ih^ll be repealed, and

If* '	'	‘	lhall

Hosted by Google

328

TromAiig.TO, 1785, any fuch commodities, for which the duties are paid, may be cxportecj.

Notice to be given before packing up the fame.

Penalty on opening packages, &c.

If fuch goods (hall not be packed agree able to former notice, a freth notice to be given.

Anno yieefitiio quintovGEORaii III. G. 74. [1783.

{ball be r>o longer obferved or pra<3ifed; and that, inftead there* of* it (hall be lawful for fuch officer or officers of excife, as the? ponfimiffipners of excife fhall appoint for that purpofe, and they are hereby required to execute all and evety the faid regulations, powers, and authorities, as fully and effectually as the cuftomers, collectors, or other officers of the cuftoms, might have done before the paffirig this aeff.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid tenth day of Mguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, it lhall be lawful for any perfon or perfons, who (hall have paid all his Majefty’s duties by any a61: or a<5ts of parliament payable for any of the refpedtive commodities aforefaid, or for any perfon or perfons who fhall buy* or be lawfully intitled to any of the faid commodities, from the perfpn or perfons who actually paid his Itylajefty’s duties thereupon, to export from any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, any fuch refpedlive commodities, for which all the du* ties, fhall have been paid, to any foreign parts by way of merchandize, upon the terms, and according to thedire&ions here-in-after mentioned ; that is to fay. The perfon or perfons, fo intending to export any fuch commodities, fhall give twelve hours notice, within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, and twenty-four hours notice in other places in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up, in order to be exported, any fuch commodities, and of the time and place when and where the fame afe intended to be packed up, to the officer or officers of excife* who (ball be appointed for that purpofe by the refpeftive commiffioners of excife in England or Scotland; and fuch officer or officers fhall attend to fee fuch commodities packed up, and the fame fhall be packed up in the prefence of fuch officer or officers, and fhall be fecured with fuch faftenings, and fealeci with fuch feal or mark, and in fuch manner, as thp faid refpetfive commiffioners fhall direct'; and if any perfon fhall open fuch package, or wilfully deftroy or deface fuch feal or mark, (fave and except the officer of excife at the port of exportation, as herein-after mentioned), every perfpn f© offending (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence; and the officer or officers who faw the faid commodities packed up, fhall take an account of the kinds and quantities of the faid commodities fo intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the officer who (ball be appointed by fuch commiffioners to receive the fame, at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward for fo doing.

XIII.	Provided always, That if the perfon or perfpns, fo intending to pack up fuch commodities, (ball not begin and proceed to pack up the fame at the time mentioned in fuch notice, or within one hour after fuch time, then fuch notice (hall be void, and fuch perfon or perfons, fo intending to pack up fuch commodities, fhall be obliged to give a frefit notice to fuch officer or officers of the time and place when and where fuch commodities are intended to be packed up in order to be exported ^

Hosted by Google

J7S5*] Anno vicefimo qukito Georgn III. c. 74.	329

ported ; and the perfon or perfons, fo intending to export fuch commodities, (hall alfo give fix hours notice of the time and place of (hipping fuch commodities, unto the officer of excife of the place where the fame (hall be (hipped, who (hall attend andTee the fame put on (hipboard; and the exporter of the faid Exporter to commodities (hall alfo, before the (hipping the fame, give fuf- give fecurity ficient fecurity, to be approved of by the refpe&ive commifli- f?r the (hip-oners of excife, or the perfon by them appointed for that pur- thereof, pofe, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back* that the particular commodities, fo intended to be exported, and every part thereof, (hall be (hipped and exported, and fhali not be unffiipped, unladed, or laid on land, or put on board . any other (hip or veflel in Great Britain, (hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted; which fecurity the officer of excify of the port where the faid commodities (hall be.exported, is hereby dire&ed to take in his Majefty’s name and to his Majefty’s ufe; and the faid exporter, or his clerk or manager, fhali make oath, (or affirmation, if a <%ttafor), that he believes the duties upon fuch commodities had been fully paid, and that fuch commodities are the fame that are defcribed in the account fent as aforefaid, by the officer in whofe prefence the v fame were packed, to the officer attending the (hipping, (which oath or affirmation the furveyor or fupervifor, or other officer appointed by the commiffioners for that purpofe, is hereby authorized and required to adminifter); and the faid furveyor or and (hall re-fupervifor, or other officer aforefaid, and the officer who attend- ceive acerti-ed the (hipping the faid commodities, being fatisfied of the truth ^^^rointhc thereof, (hall, within one month after the exportation of the faid commodities, give to the faid exporter, or his clerk or manager, a certificateor debenture, expreffing the quantities and kinds of fuch commodities fo (hipped, and that all the duties have been paid for the fame, and that fecurity hath been given, before the (hipping the fame, for the due exporting the fame; and fuch certificate or-debenture, being produced to the collector of the port where the fame commodities were exported, he (hall forthwith pay or allow the perfons fo exporting the fame, or their agents, a drawback or allowance of the duties before paid for fuch commodities fo exported, or of fuch part and fo much of the faid duties for fuch relpedive commodities fo exported, as may now be drawn back or allowed on the exportation of any pf the faid Commodities refpetftively by any law or laws now in force; and if fuch colledtor (hall not have money in his hands tp pay the fame, then the refpective commiffioners of excife irf England or Scotland are required to pay the faid drawback or allowance out of fuch duties as drawbacks or allowances, granted upon the exportation of the fame commodities, are now payable }ay law refpedlively.

XIV.	Provided always. That it (hall be lawful for the officer Officer at* attending the (hipping fuch commodities, if he thinks it ne- tending the cefiary, to open or examine fuch commodities at the port of exportation, in order that he may fatisfied that (qcli goods may examine

Hosted by

Google

33°

Goods landed, etc. after giving fecu-' rity for obtaining the drawback, to be forfeited.

Recital of 16 Anns, c. 19;

and 12 Anns, c.9.

FromAug.TO, 17 SSi certain parts of the recited adts repealed.

Anno ticefimo qulnto GeoRGii III. c.74. [1785*

are the fame that are deferibed in the account fent to him by the officer in whofe prefence the goods were packed.

XV.	Provided always, That if, after the flapping any fuch commodities, arid the giving or tendering fuch fecurity as afore- , faid, ip order to obtain a drawback or allowance of the duties before paid or charged thereupon, the fame commodities, of any part thereof, (hall be unfhipped, unladed, or laid on land, or put into any other fhip or vefTel within Great Britain, (hip-wreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted, that then, and in every fuch cafe, over and above the penalty of the bond, which (hall be levied and recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, all the faid commodities which (hall be fo unfhipped; unladed, or laid on land, or put into any other (hip or vefiel within Great Bri-tain, (hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of the cuftoms or excife.

XVI.	And whereas by another aft of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen' Anne, for laying feveral duties upon all fope and paper made in Great Britain^ or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and ftriped linens imported ; and upon certain filks, calicoes, linens, and fluffs, printed, painted, or ftained ; and alfo by another aft^ made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for laying additional duties on fope and paper, and upon certain linens, filks, calicoes, and fluffs, the duties of excife, or inland duties, payable on filks, calicoes^ linens, or fluffs^ printed^ painted^ Jlained^ or dyed in Great N Britain, are allowed to be drawn back on the exportation of fuch goods to foreign parts by way of merebandife, and feveral regulations are provided by the faid afts for preventing frauds in the exportation or relanding of fuch goods; and certain powers and authorities are thereby given to the cujlomers or colie ft or or other officers of his Majejlfs cufoms, at the refpeftive ports or places of exportation of the faid goods, to adminifter certain oaths, and to take fecurities for the due exportation of the faid goods, and to grant to the exported certificates or debentures for the allowance of the duties on goods fa exported: and whereas the requiring thofe regulations^ powers^ and authorities, to be obferved and executed by the cujlomers, colleftors, or offier officers of his Majejlf's cuJlomsy has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enadled, That, from and after the tenth day of Augujl\ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, thofe parts of the aforefaid two adls of Queen Anne^ w hich require the faid regulations, powers, and authorities, to be obferved and executed by the cuftomers, colledtors, or other officers of his Ma-jefty’s cuftoms, (hall be repealed, and (hall be no longer obferved ot pradiifed; and that, inflead thereof, it (hall be lawful for fuch officer or officers of excife &s the commiffioners of excife fhaii appoint for that purpofe, and they are hereby required to execute all and every the faid regulations, powers, and authorities, a$ fully and effedtually as the cuftomers, collectors, or other officers of the cuftoms, might have done before the parting this act.

XVII- And

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

i7$5J Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGH III. c. 74.	331

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the faid tenth day of Auguft^ one thou- FromAug.ro, fand feven hundred and eighty-five, it (hall be lawful for any i785,anyfqch perfon or perfons who (hall have paid all his Majefty’s duties ^idi^he^ for any fuch filks, calicoes, linens, or (luffs, printed, painted, ties havebe^n ftained, or dyed in Great Britain, or for any perfon or perfons paid, may be who (hall buy, or be lawfully intitled to any fuch goods from exported, the'perfon or perfons who a&ually paid his Majefty’s faid duties, at any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, to export any fuch goods, for which all the duties (hall have been paid, to any foreign parts by way of .merchandize, upon the terms, and according to the directions, herein-after mentioned; that is to fay, the perfon or perfons intending to export any fuch goods Notice to be (hall give twelve hours notice within the limits of the chief Slvei? before office of excife in London, and twenty-four hours notice in other fame*12 places in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up fuch goods in order to be exported, and of the time and place when and where the fame are intended to be packed up, to the officer or officers of excife who (hall be appointed for that purpofe by the refpective commiffioners of excife in England or Scotland and fuch officer or officers (hall attend to fee fuch goods packed up, and (halt take care to meafure the faid goods, and to fee that the feals or (lamps, denoting the payment of the duties thereupon, are taken off from every piece of fuch goods before the fame are packed up; and every fuch piece (hall be packed up in the prefence of fuch officer or officers, and (hall be fecured ivith fuch faftenings, and fealed with fuch feal or mark, and in fuch manner, as the faid refpe&ive commiffioners fhall direct; hnd if any perfon (hall open fuch package, or wilfully deflroy Penalty on pr deface fuch feal or mark, (fave and except the officer of ex-cife at the port of exportation, as hereinafter mentioned), every ® * perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence; and the officer or officers who law the faid commodities packed up (hall take an account of the kinds and quantities of fuch goods fo intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the officer, who (hall be Appointed by fuch commiffioners to receive the fame, at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward for fo doing.

* XVIII. Provided always, That if the perfon or perfons fo On failure of intending to export fuch goods, (hall not begin and proceed to beginning to pack up the fame at the time mentioned in fuch notice, or ^bfetogformer within one hour after fuch time, then fuch notice (hall be void; notice,afrefh and fuch perfortor perfons, fo intending to pack up fuch goods, notice to be (hall be obliged to give a frefh notice to fuch officer or officers, given, of the time and place when and where fuch goods are intended to be packed up in order to be exported.

‘ XIX. And whereas, by an aft poffed in the prefent fejfion of parliament^ intituled^ An a6t for repealing the duties on linens to c. 7a« be printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in Great Britain, impofed by an a<5t made in the laft feffion of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof ; and on cotton (luffs, muflins,

1	‘	'	fujlians.

Hosted by

Google

233	Anao-viCefimo	quinto	Gforgii ill ; C. 74. [17$$.-

ftiftians, velvets* and velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed ; and upon the importation of linens, cotton fluffs, muflins, fuftians, velvets, and velve-rets, printed, flained, painted, or dyed in foreign parts, every piece of linen or fluffs? or fluffs made of c-ottcn, to. be printed, painted, flained, <?r	i« Great Britain, after the firfl day of Augufl,

one thou fund /even hundred and eighty-five, is required to have a feal or ft amp denoting the payment of the duties thereupon, and alfo a frame mark denoting the meafure thereof at both ends of every fuch piece ; and all the regulations of the faid aft are enafted to extend to all fllks? calicoes, linens, and fluffs to be printed, painted, flawed? or dyed? in Great Britain, after the faid firft day of Augufl, one thoufand f even hundred and eighty-five; be it enacted by the au-Dtireftionsre- thorny aforefaid, That whenever any perfon (hall be defirous latrve to fi ks, Qf packing up, in order to be exported, any piece or pieces of ^nte^d’or^' ^s, calicoes, linens, or fluffs, printed, painted, flained, dved before 9r dyed, before the faid firft day of Augufl? one thoufand fevea Aug. 1,1785, hundred and eighty-five, and not having fuch feals or ftamps and defigned denoting the payment of the duties, and fuch frame marks de-tfonCXP°rta" not^ng the meafure thereof, at both ends of fuch piece or pieces, fuch perfon, or his clerk or manager, (hall make oath (or, be-ing a Quaker, affirmation) before the furveyor or fupervifor, or other officer of excife appointed by the commiffioners of excife for that purpofe (who is hereby authorifed and required to ad-minifter the fame), that all and every fuch piece and pieces were printed, painted, flained, or dyed in Great Britain before the faid firft day of Augufl, one thoufand feveri hundred and eighty-five; and fuch officer or officers (hall not permit to be packed up, in order to be exported, any piece of filk, linen, or fluffs, which (hall have been printed, painted, flained, or dyed, in Great Britain? after the faid firft day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, not having the feals or ftamps denoting the payment of the duties, and alfo the frame marks denoting the meafure thereof, diftin<ft and plain, at both ends qf every fuch piece; which frame marks (hall be cut off from both ends, at the fame time as the feals or ftamps denoting the payment of the duties ate cut off from the fame; and the per-lon or perfons intending to export fuch goods (hall alfo give fix hours notice of the time and place of (hipping fuch goods, unto the officer of excife of the place where the fame (hall be (hipped. Exporter to w ho (hall attend and fee, the fame put on (hipboard; and the tba" the2™^ exPorter °f the faid goods (hall alfo, before the (hipping the goods (hall fame> giV€ fufficient fecurity, to be approved of by the commif-not be reland- fioners of excife, or the perfon by them appointed for that pur^ ed in Great pofe, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, Britain, etc. that the particular goods fo intended to be exported, and every part; thereof, (hall be (hipped and exported, and (ball not he qnfhipped, unladed, or laid on land, or put into any other (hip or veffel within Great Britain, (hipwreck, or'other unavoidable accident, excepted; which fecurity the officer of excife of the ppj j where the faid goods (frail be exported, hereby dire&ed

t©

Hosted by Google

1785 ] Anno vlceflmoquihto GsoRGii I'll. c.74.	333

to take in his Majefty’s name, and to his Majefty’s life: and

the faid exporter, or his clerk or manager, (hall make oath, (of

affirmation, if a Quaker), that he believes the duties upon fuch

goods had been.paid, and that filch goods are the fame that are

defcribed in the account fent as aforefaid by the officer in whofo

prefence the fame were packed, to the officer attending the

(hipping, (which oath or affirmation the furveyor or fupervifor,

or other officer appointed by the commiffioners for that purpofe,

is hereby authorised'and required to adminifter); and the faid Surveyor,etc,

furveyor or fupervifor., or other officer aforefaid, and the officer within a

who attended the (hipping the faid goods, being fatisfied of the

truth thereof, (hall, within one month after the exportation.of tQgiVe a cer-

the faid goods, give to the faid exporter, or his clerk of mana- tificate to the

ger, a certificate or debenture, expreffing the quantities and exporter,-

kinds of fuch goods, and that all the duties have been paid for Stifle him to

the fame, and that fecurity has been given before the (hipping a drawback.

the fame for the due exporting the lame; and fuch certificate

or debenture being produced to the collector of the port where. -

the fame goods were exported, he (hall forthwith pay or allow* 1

to the perfons fo exporting the fame, or their agents^, a draw- ;

back or allowance of the duties before paid for fuch goods fo,

exported; and if fuch colledtor (hall not have money in his

hands to pay the fame, then the refpedlive commiffioners of ex-

cife in England, ox Scotland are required to pay the faid drawback,

or debenture out of the duties upcn filks, calicoes, linens, or

fluffs, printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in Great Britain.

XX.	Provided always. That it (hall be lawful for the officer Officer at- < * attending the (hipping fuch goods, if he fhall think it neceffary, tending the ■; to open and examine fuch goods at the port of exportation, in (hipping order that he may be fatisfied that fuch goods are the fame that famine the are defcribed in the account fent to him by the officer in whofe fame, prefence the goods were packed.

XXI.	Provided always. That if, after the (hipping any fuch Goods, after goods, or giving or tendering fuch fecurity as aforefaid, in order (h’PPed for to obtain an allowance or drawback of the duties Aforeupon, ^^t^lon# the fame goods, or any part thereof, (hall be unihipped, uri- fhall be for-laded, or laid on land, or put into any other (hip or veffel leited. within Great Britain, (hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted ; then, and in every fuch cafe, over and above, the

penalty of the bond, which (hall be levied and recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, all the faid goods which (hall be fo unihipped,

Unladed, or laid on land, or put into any other (hip or veffel within.Great Britain, fhipwreck, or other unavoidable accident,	y

excepted, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of the cuftoms or excife.

XXII.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained Nottoautbo* (hall extend to authorise any perfon pr perfons to export any nfo tiie ex‘ goods whatfoever, to any, foreign parts whatfoever, other than another0 fuch perfon or perfons might have done by law before the mak- goods, " ing this aft.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, That nothing iq* this aft contained

“ '	4haJI

Hosted by Google

334	Anno	vfcefimo	qulnto	Georgji	Ilf.	c,	74.	[178^

or in any mail authorife any perfon or perfons to export any goods what-** other manner foever, in any manner whatfoever, other than fuch perfon of than might be perfons might have done before the making this adt, fave and the paffing6 €xCePt as *n this a£t is exprefsly provided.	*

hereof.	XXIV.	Provided alfo,That nothing in this adf contained

Not to in title foall extend to intitle any perfon or perfons to any other draw-*' exporters to back or allowance, upon the exportation of any goods whatfo-anynewdraw- ever, than fuch perfon or perfons would have been intitled tc?

by law upon the exportation of fuch goods before the making this adt.

XXV.	And whereas, notvuithjlanding the feveral laws already made for the fecuring the duties on candles, and for protecting the fair trader, many grofs frauds are daily praCtifed by evil-minded and in No Perfon to digtnt perfons,. who are encouraged in fuch practices by^ the length of make candles, tme allowed by the laws for the payment of the duties on candles % within the for remedy whereof, be it.enadled by the authority aforefaid* limits of the That, from and after the firft day of Augufl, one thoufand unlefs5^^: feven hundred and eighty-five, no perfon or perfons whatfoeyer* cupy a tene" refidjng within the limits of the head office of excife in London* ment of iol. (hall be permitted to make any candles, unlefs fuch perfon or per ann. and perfons (hall occupy a tenement or tenements of the yearly va-

rate^forthe ue ten Pounc^s or upwards, and for which he, (he, or they fame*	(hall accordingly be a defied in his or their own name or names*

nor in any an<^ AwM alfo Pay t0 .the parifh rates ; and that no perfon or other part of perfons whatfoever, refiding in any other part of the kingdom* the kingdom, where there are rates to church and poor, (hall be permitted td make any candles, unlefs fuch perfon fhall be afleffed and pay poorf^ to church and poor in the feveral parifhes and places in which • they (hajl refpe&ively refide; and that no entry of any melting-' houfe, workhoufe, warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, or place, fo? the making or keeping of candles, or for the melting or keepr ing of wax, fpermaceti, tallow, or other materials to be made into candles, already made or hereafter to be made, as required by the ftatutes in fuch cafe made and provided, (hall be of any avail to any perfon or perfons not fo qualified, or for any longer time than the perfon or perfons, fo making entry, (hall „ be qualified asaforefaid; and every perfon making candles* ana not qualified as aforefaid, (hall, notwithftanding any entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken tobe a perfotj making candles without entry, and (hall be fubjedt to the like penalties and forfeitures as perfons making candles without entry are, by the ftatutes in fuch cafe made and provided, ftovfr fubjedt unto.

Recital of	XXV I. And whereas, by a claufe in an ad pajfed in the eighth yea?

two claufes in of the reign of Shteen Anne, intituled, An adt for laying certain 8 Anne, c. 9. duties upon candles, and certain rates upon monies to be given wjth clerks, and apprentices, towards railing her Majefty’s fupply for the year one thoufand feven hundred and ten, it was enacted, That all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who Jhould make any cahdles in London, Weftminifter, or in any parts within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, Jhould monthly, and

every

Hosted by (3OO^Ic

1785,] Anno vicefimo quinto GfiORGH III. C* 74.

every month, and all and every perfon or perfons whatfoever, who Jhould make any candles in any other part of Ureat Britain, Jhouldy once in every fix iveeks, make a true entry in writings at the next office ofexcife, of all the candles by him or them fever ally made within fuch month or fix weeks refpettively \ which entries were to be made in manner as therein exprejfed 5 and by one other clauji in the fame a£f> it was further enabled, That all and every per-' fon and perfons whatfoever, who Jhould make any candles in London, Weftmintler, or within the limits of the faid weekly bills of mortality > Jhould, within four weeks, and all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who Jhould make any candles in any other part of Great Britain, Jhould, within fix weeks, after he, Jhe, or they Jhould make, or ought to have made, fuch entry as afore faid, pay and dear off all the Jaid duties for candles which Jhould be due from himy hery or them refpeflively: and that all and every fuch makers of candlesy who fioould refufe or negleft to make fuch payment as aforefaid, Jhould. forfeit and loje, for- every fuch offence, double the fum of the faid duty; .and whereas the alio whig fo long time for the making the entries, and for the payment of the duties, as aforefaidy hath been found prejudicial to the revenue, and alfo to the fair trader, as evil-minded and indigent perfons have been encouraged thereby to make candles, and have made entry of the candles by them made, but have neglefled to pay the duty when duey and before the time that the duty could be recovered, have abfeonded from their refpeblive dwelling places, or by other methods have evaded the payment of the fame ; be it therefore further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid firft day of Augufi, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, the above recited claufes (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

.XXVII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid firft day of Augufi, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five* all and every perfon .whatfoever, who (hall jnake any candles, (hall weekly, and every week, make a true entry in writing, at the next office of ex? cife, of all the candles by him, her, or them feverally made yyithih each week $ which faid entries (hall contain the weight, dumber, and fize, of the candles mentioned therein refpec-tiyely, and what quantity was made at eachcourfe within the faid week to which fuch entry (hall relate, on pain to forfeit, for every negleft of entry, the fum of twenty pounds; which Entries (hall be made upon oath by the makers of fuch candles, or by their chief workman or fervant employed in making the fame, according to the beft pf their knowledge and belief, un-lefs fuch maker, workman, or fervant, be a known Quaker, and the folemo affirmation of fuch maker or workman, or fervant, to the fame effect, in cafe he or (he be a known Quaker, (hall and may be taken inftead of fuch oath; and the faid entries, oaths and affirmations to verify the fame, (hall, for fuch candles as (hall be made within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, be made with, and adminiftered by, fuch officer or

officers

335

\

The faid claufes repealed.

All candles made to be enterediweek* ly, oaoafh* ,

Particulars to be fpecified in the entry.

With and by

whom fuch entries and oaths (ball be; made and ad-' miniftered.

Hosted by Google

336	Anno	vicefimo	quinto Georgii III. c. 74.	[ 1785/

officers as (hall be appointed by the commiffioners of excife in England* or the major part of them for the time being, who (hall attend at the general excife office in London for that purpofe; and for all candles made in all parts of Great Britain, with and by the refpe&ive colle&ors or fupervifors of the diftricl or divifion within which the refpedlive makers of candles (hall inhabit, without any fee or charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the fame.

XXVIII. And be it further enadled by the authority afore* Candlemakers faid. That all and every perfon and perfons whatsoever, who ttes withffi a	: any candles in Great Britain, (hall, within one week

week after	after he, (he, or they (hall make, or ought to have made, fuch

entry.	entry as aforefaid, pay and clear off all the duties for candles

which Khali be due from him, her, or them refpe&ively; and that all and every fuch maker of candles, who (hall refufe or hegledt to make fpeh payment as aforefaid, ‘(hall forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, double the fum of the faid duty whereof the payment (hall be fo refufed or neglected; and that no fuch tnaker of candles, after fuch default in payment made, (Hall fell, deliver, or carry out any candles, until he or (lie hath paid and cleared off his or her duty as aforefaid, on pain to forfeit double the value of fuch candles fo delivered or carried but.

,XXIX. Add be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid * That, from and aftel^the faid firft day of Auguji, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, every chandler, or maker of candles, before he, fhe, or they (hall begin to work upon of make any courfe or making of candles whatfoever, (hall give, to the officer of the divifion or place where fuch candles were intended to be tirade, notice in writing of the particular time and hour whendre of (he (hall intend to begin to fpread cottons, wicks or rufhes, for any fuch courfe: or making of candles, and alfo the hour and time, when he or (he (hall in-* tend to begin to run in or dip any fuch cottons, wicks or rufhes, which nonce (hall be given as herein-after is mentioned; that! is to fay, if fuch making is intended to be in any place within the limits of the head office of excife in London, then fuch no* tice (bail be given by the fpace of lix hours next before the be* ginning of every fuch making; and if fuch making is intended to be iri any city or market town, out of the faid limits, then fuch notice (hall be given by the fpace of twelve hours next, be fore the beginning of every fuch making; and if fuch making is intended to be in any other place out of the faid limits, then fuch notice (hall be given by the fpace of twenty-four hours next before the beginning of every fuch making, on pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds for every time when any maker of candles (lull begin to fpread cottons, wicks, or rufhes, or to run in or dip any fuch cottons, wicks, or rufhes, without firft, giving fuch notice as aforefaid.

XXX. And he it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* That if fuch intended fpreading of cottons, wicks, or rufhes,

and

Chandlers, beforfe they* begin any making of candles, to give notice to the officer when they fhalL’begin to fpWad cot-tofli, etc. ,

on penalty of joi.

Jn *hat cafes notice (hall be void*

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vlcefimo quinto GboRGII-III. c*74« arid alfo fuch intended running in or dipping fuch cottons, wicks, or rulhes, (hall not be begun and proceeded upon at the refpective hours and times mentioned in fuch notice, or within three hours next after fuch refpective hours ^and times, then every fuch notice (hall be null and void,

* XXXI, And, in order to deter perfons from ajjift ingin the private and fraudulent making of candles in unentered places, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the Penalty on faid fifil day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, when any officer or officers of excife (hall difcover that candlea pri- 5 the making of candles is carried on in any private workhoufe, vately: room, or place, whereof no notice ha$ been given at the next office of excife, and (hall at the fame time difcover in the workhoufe, ftorehoufe, room, or place, where fuch private making of candles (hall be fo difcovered, any perfon or perfons knowingly affifting, or any ways concerned in carrying on fuch private making of candles, every fuch perfon or perfons fo difco-vered (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds, over and ^ above all penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor or maker m0nths im- ’ of fuch candles ihall be liable to; and it (hall be lawful for the prifonment; officer and officers of excife, and all other perfons acting in his or their aid, to flop, arreft, and detain, all and every the perfon and perfons fo difcovered in fuch workhoufe, ftorehoufe, room, or place, and to convey the faid perfon or perfons before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, or liberty refpectively, wherein fuch perfons	'

(hall be fo difcovered as aforefaid; and it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace refpectively, on confeffion of the party, or on proof by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, to convict the perfon or perfons fo difcovered as aforefaid, and the perfon or perfons fo convicted (half, immediately on fuch conviction, pay the faid fum of twenty pounds into the hands of the officer who (hall have conveyed fuch offender before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, to be applied in manner hereinafter directed 5 and on fuch offender or offenders refufing or neglecting to pay the faid fum of twenty pounds, the juftice or juftices, fo convicting as aforefaid, (hall, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, commit the offender or offenders to the houfe of correction for the faid county, riding, divifion, city, or liberty refpectively, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the fpace of two months, to be reckoned from the day of fuch conviction; and the perfon or perfons fo committed (hall not be difcharged until he, (he, or they (hall have paid the faid fum of twenty pounds, or until the expiration of the faid two r months: and in cafe the perfon or perfons fo convicted fhall be fecond of-again difcovered in any workhoufe, ftorehoufe, room, or place, fence, 40I. or - where the making of candles (hall be fo privately carried on, fou* month* affifting, or otherwife concerned in carrying on fuch private making of candles, he, (he, or they, fo again offending (hall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for fuch fecond of-¥01. XXXV.	z	fence,

Hosted by Google



All the powers, penalties, etc. contained to i% Car. 2s Ck 24• or ady other la*w relating to ex-cife duties, for collecting and recoveringthe duties thereby granted, iliall be ap-i plied in executing thin aCt.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Limitation of actions.

General iffue.

Anno vicefimo quinto G£oRgii Iff. C. 74. (1785*

fence, the furin of forty pounds, and (hall be committed to the hotife of'corredlion in manner aforefaid, there to retfrain for and duririg the term of four months, or until the faid fum of forty pounds (h^ll be paid.

XXXII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, ditedtiofts, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which in and by an adl made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights fervice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon Ms Majejiy'in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force re-lating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, or inland duties under the management of the commilTioners of excife, are provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, for fecuring, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afeertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punilhing of frauds relating thereto, (other than in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions are preferibed by this adl,) (hall be exercifed, pradlifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging* afeertaining, recovering, and paying the feveral duties hereby granted, as fully and effedlually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enadled in this prefent adl.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures,, impofed by this adi, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or bv action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of bis Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpedlively *, and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and facceffors, and’ the other moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difeover, or fue for the fame.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That if any adlion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing by him or them done in purfuance of this adl, fuch adlion or fuit (hall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, anti (hall be laid in the proper county \ and the defendant or defendants in fuch adlion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this adl and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to-be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdidl (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their adlion or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them* upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or

defendants

Hosted by :>ogIe

1785*0 Anno vicefimo quinto GfioRGII III. c. 75, /£• defendants (hail have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them* Treble coftf. againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

G A P. LXXV.

An aft to extend the provifions of an aft* made in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty's reign, for granting to his Majefty a (lamp duty on the regiftry of burials, marriages, births, and chriftenings, to the regiftry of burials, births, and cbriftenings of protejlant diffenters from the church ^England.

WHEREAS by an aft* made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble, reign of his prefent Majefty* (intituled, An aft for grant- 13 Geo. 3. c. ing to his Majefty a ftamp-duty on the regiftry of burials, mar- 67. riages, births, and chriftenings,) a ftamp-duty of three-pence was impofed on the entry of any burial, marriage, birth* or chriftenings in the regifter of any parijh* preiinft* or place in Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient to extend the provifions of the faid aft to all his Majefty's protejlant fubjefts dijfenting from the church of England ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and PromO£l. r, after the firft day of Oftober* one thoufand feven hundred and cUed’ae^ex-'* eighty-five, the provifions of the faid aft, made in the twenty- tended ropra-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (hall extend to teftantdif-all his Majefty’s proteftant fubjefts diffenting from the church of tenters. England; and that the regifters of births, burials, and ehriften-ings of fuch of them as ufe infant baptifm, now kept, or hereafter to be kept by them 3 and the regifters of births and burials of fuch proteftant diffenters as do not ufe infant baptifm, now kept, or hereafter to be kept by them, (hall be fubjeft and liable to the ftamp duties by the faid recited aft impofed upon the regifters of births, burials, and chriftenings; any thing: therein, or in any other law contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CAP. LXXVI.

An aft for appointing commijftoners further to enquire into the lojjes and fervices of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties* and profejfions* during the late unhappy diffentions in America, in tonfequence of their loyalty to his HAajeftyy and attachment to the Britifh government.

WHEREAS, by an aft* made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble* reign of his prefent Majefty* (intituled* An aft for appoint- qco ^Ci ingcommifltoners to enquire into the lofles and fervices of all 80. fuch perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties, and profeffions, during the late unhappy diffentions in America* in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britijh government,) certain perfons were conjlituted commif-fioners for enquiring into the refpeftive Ioffes and fervices of all f uch per fin and perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties* and

Z 2	profeffions,

Hosted by

Go< [e

• Anno vtceflmo quinto GtEokgii HI, c.j6,	[ifSg'i

profeffms, during the late unhappy iijfentions in America, in confer quence of their loyalty to his Maj'ejly, and aitalbment to Abe Britifti government: and whereas the purpofes intended by the faid aft are not yet completed, and. it is therefore neceJJary that the faid aft fhould r be continuedbe. it therefore enaded by the. King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confenf of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-Commiffion- rnent affembled, and by the authority of th£ fame. That John Wilmot efquire, colonel Robert Ringjlon, colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marjh efquire, Jeremy Pemberton efquire, and Robert 1Mackenzie efquire, (hall be, and they are hereby conftiruted eommiffioners for the purpofes in the faid recited a d men* tioned.

Commi/Tion- II. And be it further enaded, That any two eommiffioners ers to be	in this ad named, before they enter	upon the execution of the

fworn.	fame, (hall take an oath before the	mafter of the rolls for the

time being, or one of his Majefty’s juftices of the court of King’s bench, common pleas, or	barons of the exchequer,

(which they or either of them are	hereby authorifed and re*

quired to adminifter,) in the form following $ that is to fay,.

Tlfe oatfr,	T A. B .do fwears That, according to the befl of my fkill and know-

X,	ledge) I will faithfully, impartially, atid'truly execute the feverat powers and trujls vejled in me by an aft, (;intituled, An ad for appointing eommiffioners further to enquire, into the Ioffes and ifervices of all fuch perfons who have luffered in their rights,

•	properties, and profeffions, during the late unhappy diffentrons . in America^ in confequence of their loyalty'to his Majefty, and

•	attachment to the Britijh government,) according to the tenor and purport of the faid aft.

And every other of the faid eommiffioners, in this ad named, fhall likewife take the fame oath before the faid two eommiffioners, who are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter . the fame, after they (hall themfelves have taken the faid oath as aforefaid.

Commiffion-	III. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be

ers may exa- jawfuj t0 ancT for t|ie faid eommiffioners, or any two or more ctfToath* ie8 °f tliem, and they are hereby authorifed, impowered, and required, to exaYnine upon oath (which oath they, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorifed to adminifter,) all perfons whom the faid eommiffioners, or any two or more of them, (hall think fit to examine, touching all fuch matters and things as (hall be neceflary for the execution of the powers vefted in the faid eommiffioners by this ad ; and aft fuch perfons are hereby direded and required punctually to attend the fakl eommiffioners at fuch time or place as they, or any two or more of them, (hall appoint.

Commiffion- IV. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That anVtoTend t^ie eommiffioners, or any two or more of them, are •for perfons hereby authorifed to meet and fir* from time to time, at their or papers,	prefent

Hosted by Google

3	5*] Anno vicefimb quirvto GeoRGH III. C. 76.	§43

prefent place of meeting, or at fuch other place as they, or any two or more of them, tollfhS0k proper, with or without adjournment, and to fend their precept dr precepts, under their hands and feals,-for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and for fuch books, papers, writings, or records, as they (hall judge ne-ceffary for their information in the execution of the powers veiled in the faid commiffioners by this a6t; and the faid com- to appoint miffioners, or any two or more of them, arehereby authorifed clerks, &e. to appoint and employ fuch clerks, metfengers, and officers as ’ they (hall think meet, and to give to every of the faid clerks arid officers an oath for his true and faithful demeanor, in all things relating to the due performance of the truft repofed ia him by the faid commiffioners, and in all other .things touch- ; ing the premifes; which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the truft in them feverally and refpe&ively repofed, without taking any thing for fuch their fervice,' other than fuch falary or rewards as the faid commiffi-oners, or- any two. or more of them, (hall think fit to diredt and appoint in that behalf.

V.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if it Perfons deK-fhall have appeared to the commiffioners appointed by the faid veringinfrau-recited a6l, or (hall hereafter appear to the commiffioners ap- dulent claim* pointed by this a6l, that any perfon hath delivered, or (hall fro^any* €' hereafter deliver to them, an account or claim beyond the real compenf&i lofs fuftained by him or her, with an intent to obtain more tion.

than a juft compenfation ; and if the faid commiffioners, or any £wo or more of them, (hall have been or (hall hereafter be of opinion that fuch account or claim was or is fraudulent, then fuch perfon fo having claimed, or who (hall hereafter fo claim, fhall be abfolutely excluded from any compensation or provifion whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That in cafe any perfon or perfons, upon examination upon Perronsgiving oath before the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them falfe evidence refpe&ively, as before mentioned, (hall wilfully and corruptly	t(*

give falfe evidence, every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly cortvidled, (hall be and is and are hereby declared p J to be fubjeft and liable to fuch pains and penalties as by any law now in being perfons convi&ed of wilful and corrupt per?-jury are fubjed and liable to.

VII.	And whereas by an aft made in the twenty-third year of the Limitation of

reign of his prefent Majefiy, (intituled, An a<51 for appointing the time for commiffioners to enquire int^the Ioffes and fervices of all fuch receiving perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties, and pro- claiQ^ feflions, during the late unhappy diffentions in America, in con- e0*	*

fequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the

Britijh government), it was wafted* That no claim or requefi of any f erf on or perfons for aid or relief, on account of the lofs of any property during the late diffentions in America, fbould be received after-fhe twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty?

Z3	fou. r-

Hosted by Gpogle

34*	Artnb	vicefimo	quinto	GeorGII	HI; C. }6. [17^

four: and whereas it may happen that fever#l perfons may he deprived of the relief intended by the faid aS% by reafon of their having been incapable of preferring their claims during the time allowed by the faidafiy be it therefore ena&ed, That the faid conuniffion-ers, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered to receive the claim or claims of any perfon or perfons who (hali, upon oath, prove to the fatisfailion of the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, that fuch perfon or perfons was or were abfent from the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and by unavoidable accident, or particular circumftances, to be judged of by the faid cbmmiffioners, or any two or more of them, was or were utterly incapable of preferring his, her, or their claim or claims, during the time allowed by the faid ail y provided that no fuch claim or claims (hall be received after the firft day oi.May* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-lix.

VIII.	And whereas feveral perfons, refident in Nova Scotia, and ether of his Majejlfs colonies in America, have preferred claims to the commijftoners appointed by the faid recited alt, or may hereafter prefer clams tinder this &ft\ and whereas it may be attended with great inconvenience to fuch perfom to come to Great Britain to fub-Commifiion- Jlantiate fuch claims ; be it therefore enabled. That colonel Theft* appointed Dundas, and Jeremy Pemberton efquire (hall, and they are colonies to 6 hereby direited and required to repair to Nova Scotia, or any America to other of his Majefty’s colonies in America, to enquire into fuch enquire into claims, with the fame powers and authorities for enquiring into claims; fpch claims as the commiffioners appointed by the faid recited and this prefent ail, for enquiring into the Ioffes and fervices of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties, and profeflipns, during the late unhappy diffentions in America, in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment and in cafe of tp the Tdritijb government, are inverted with; and in cafe the difference of fay commiffioners (hall differ in opinion with refpeit to any require the claim, then, in fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for the faid com-amftance of miffioners to call to their afliftanee the governor of any coloriy the governor, to which they may judge it neceffary to repair; and the faid cafe governor agreeing in opinion with either of the faid commiffi-ofacommif- <>ners, (hall decide the matter or queftion in difpute; and in fioner, is to cafe of the death of either of them the faid Thomas Dundas or fuppiyhis Jeremy Pemberton, that then the governor of the colony, where place,	fuch enquiry (hall from time to time be carried on, (halj be

added to and joined with the furvivor of them the faid Thomas Dundas and "Jeremy Pemberton> and (hall be inverted with the fame powers and authorities as the perfon fo dying is hereby inverted with.

Cotnmiffionr IX. And be it enabled, That the faid commiffioners, or any er* may ap- jwo 0f them, are hereby empowered, if they (hall think proper, to traveHn118 t0 aPPomt> under their hands and feals, a proper perfon or per-America to fons to repair to any part of the United States of America, to enquire into enquire into fuch fails and circumftances as they may think fails.	o	tnaterial

Hosted by Google

1785*] Aano ylcefiicio qulnto QeoKGII IIJ. £,76.	34|

material for the better ascertaining the feveral claims which have been, or (hall be prefented under the authority of this or apy former aft.

X.	And whereas an aft was pajjed in the Jixteenth year of his pre~ fent Majejly, intituled,	aft to prohibit all trade and Inter-

courfe with the colonies of New Hampflire, Majfachufefs Bay*

Rhode Ijland\ Connefluut, New Tork, New Jerfey, Repfilvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,

North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the prefept rebellion within the laid colonies refpeftive-ly; for repealing an aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefen t Majefty, to dlfcontinue thye landing and difcbarg-tng, lading or flipping, of goods, wares, and merchandize, at the town yand within the harbour of Bofton, in the province of Maflar chufet’s Bay j and alfo two afts, made in the lad feflion of parliament, for reftraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the faid afts refpeftively mentioned; and to enable any per-fon or perfons, appointed and authorifed by his Majefty to graqf pardons, to 1 flue proclamations, in the cafes, and for the pur-pofes thereip mentioned $ whereby it was enafled. That all trade gnd commerce Jhould be prohibited with the colonies therein mentioned^ and that allJhips and vejfels of or belonging to the inhabitants of the faid colonies, together with their cargoes, apparel\ and furniture, and all other Jhips and vejfels whatfoever, together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture, which Jhould be found trading, in any port or place of the faid colonies, or going to trade, or coming from trading in any fuch port or place, Jhould become forfeited to bis Majejlyy as if the Jame were the Jhips and effefts of open enemies, and Jhould be fo adjudged and taken in all courts of admiralty, and in all other court $ whatfoever: and whereas vejjeh, effetls, goods, or merchandize, belonging to inhabitants of the faid colonies, who were loyal fubjefts to his Majefy, may have become forfeited, qnd may hqve been adjudged and condemn§4 as lawful prize under thejaid be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and Goramiflionr for the corpmiflioners appointed by this aft, to enquire into ?rs toenquirt loftes fuftained in confequence of the faid aft, by any fuch in- JSftainedin habitants, who (hall give fufficient proof, to the fatisfaftion of confequence the faid commiffioners, of their loyalty to his Majefty, and at- of an aft 16 tachment to the Britijh government. '	Geo. 3* c. 5.

Xf- And he it further enafted, That the faid commiffioners Commiffion-(hall, from time to time, at their difcretion, or as often as they ers to give an ihall be thereqnto required, and as foon as poflible after the de- account of termination of their examinations and proceedings, by virtue	?

of this aft, without any further requifitiori, give an account of treafury and their proceedings, in writing, to the lords commiffioners of his fecretariesqf Majefty’s treafury, and to hi§ Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ^te# ftate for the time being.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That the lords commifil- Treafury tq oners of the treafury, or lord high treaiurer for the time being, Wfue *,oool. are hereby authorized and required to iflue and caufe to be to-Sonera-" paid all fuch fqms of money, not exceeding tW9 thoufand ^ * * *

£4

Hosted by

Google

344	Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 76. [1785*

“pound$ per annum, to fuch perfon or perfons as thp faid cpm-r miffiohers, or any two or more of them; (hall, by writing under their hands, defire or direct, out of any part of the publick fbr paying monies remaining in his Majefiy’s exchequer; which fum fo clerks, &c. iffued and paid, (hall be employed for the payment of clerks, xneffengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necef-fary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this aft, and in fuch manner, and in fuch proportions, as (hall be appointed by the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, by writing under their hands and feals in that behalf, the fame to be accounted for by the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be iffued and paid, according to the courfe of his Majefty’s exchequer, without any fee or other charges to bp taken or demanded for the iffuing and payment of the fame, or - on the paffing of the faid accounts, other than fuch fum as the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, (hall appoint; and which money fo iffued lhall not be fubjeft to any tax, duty, rate, or affeffment whatfoever, impofed by authority of pan--	liament.

Commifiion- XIII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That any of the feid commiffioners being on half pay, as an officer of the navy on'taking the °f army, (hall be irititled to receive fqch half pay, notwith-foi lowing Handing any compenfation that may be made to him for executing the powers of this aft, on his taking the following oath before foraejuftice of the peace, who is hereby impowered to adminjfter the lame;

oatb,	T	A. B. do /wear, That I had not, between	'	any

JL plate or employment of profit, civil or military, under his MajeJly9 befides fuch compenfation as Jhall have been or may he-made to me as a commiffioner for enquiring into the Ioffes and fervices of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties, and' profeffionSy during the late unhappy dijfeniions in America, in confequence oj theip loyalty to his MajeJly, and attachment to the Briti(h government.

In cafe of the death, See. of a commilji-oner during the recefs of parliament, his Majefty may appoint another.'

Continuance of the act.

And the taking the faid oath (hall be Efficient to intitle fuch perfon to receive his half pay, without taking any other oath; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof notwitly rtanding.

XIV,	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or refignation, of any pne or more of the laid commiffioners, during the recefs of parliament, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majerty to nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as he may think proper to fupply fuch vacancy or vacancies ; and that every perfon, fo nominated and appointed, (hall be held and confidered to be inverted with all the fame powers as are delegated to the commiffioners appointed by this aft.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That this aft (hall continue in force for one year, from the fifteenth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and eighty-five, and no longer.

CAP,

Hosted by Google

1785.3 Anno vicefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 77.

CAP. LXXVII.	^

An aft to amend fo much of an aft, faffed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for the further and better regulation of buildings and party walls y and for the more effectually preventing mifchiefs by fire within the cities of London and JVeftminJier, and the liberties thereof, and other the places therein mentioned, as relates to manufactories of turpentine ; for extending the provifions of the Jaid aft, fo amended, to manufactories of pitch, tar, and turpentine, throughout that part aof Great Britain called England ; and for indemnifying the proprietor of a turpentine manufactory in Potter’s Fields, in the borough of Southwark, againjl the penalties he may be liable to under the faid aft; and for excepting, for a limited time, his faid manu* factory from the proviftons herein contained.

145

i

Wr HEREAS by a claufe in an aft, paffed in the fourteenth year Preamble.

of the reign of his prefent Majefly King George the Third, intituled. An aCt for the further and better regulation of build- Recital of in^s and party walls $ and for the more effectually preventing J4 Geo. 3. mifchiefs by fire within the cities of London arid PFeJlminfler, and the liberties thereof, and other the parifties, precinCts, and places, within the weekly bills of mortality, the parifhes of 1Saint Mary-le-bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Cbelfea, in the county of Middlefex: and for indemnifying, .under cerfain conditions, builders and other perfons againft the penalties to which they are or may be liable for ereCUng build-	’

mgs within the limits aforefaid contrary to law; it is ehafted.

That turpentine JhaJl not be diflilled or boiled, nor oil of turpentine	N

and rofin drawn by dijlilling turpentine, nor oil and turpentine be boiled together, in a larger quantity than ten gallons, within the limits aforefaid, in any workhoufe or place contiguous to any other building, or in any place nearer to any other building than the dijlance of fifty feet at the leaf, under the penalties therein mentioned: and whereas the faid dijlance of fifty feet is too fmall for the effectually preventing of accidents by fire from fuch manufactories, and it is proper that the fame Jhould be enlarged, and that the provifion of the faid claufe fo altered fbould be extended to manufactories of pitch and tar, and turpentine, throughout the kingdom; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaCled; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That the provifion in the faid recited adt, refpeCUng the making From Aug. 1, pf turpentine, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed ; and *785; uo that, from and -after the firfl: day of Augufi, one thoufand feven j^alfbe boiled hundred and eighty-five, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon within 75 feet or perfons, within that part of Great Britain called England, to of any other diftil or boil any turpentine or tar, or to draw any oil of tur- building^ pentine and rofin by diftilling turpentine, or to draw any oil pf , tar or pitch by diftilling pr boiling tar, or to boil any oil and

turpeiv-

Hosted by

Google

34$	Aonp vi^efima qumto Qeqroij IJfc £, 77. [ 17S&

turpentine together, or to boil *ny oil and tar together, above jthe quantity of ten gaffops/at one time, of $11 or any of the faid Commodities, in any wotkhoufe or place contiguous to any other butting, or in any place nearer ,to any other building than the diffance of fevqnty-five feet at the Ipaft, (except ill houfes or buildings now in ufe for carrying on fuch manufactories, and now legally intitled tp be ufed for thojfe purpofes), on penalty of upon pain that every perfon offending therein (hall, for every xooh	fuel*	offence,	forfeit	and	pay the fum of one hundred pounds -f

whijch forfeitures (hall and may be recovered, with treble coft$ of fuit, by action of debt, biff, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflminfiery wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, lhaff be allowed, one moiety whereof (hall go to the ufe of the poor of the parifh, precinct, or place wherein the offence (hall have been committed, and the other mojety thereof to fuch perfons as (hall fue for the fame*

II.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or becpnffrued to extend, to prevent ff)ip-wright$$ barge-builders, boat-builders, or maft-makers, or other perfon§ employed in building or repairing (hips, barges, boats or other veffels, from boiling or mixing oil, and other materials, for the purpofe of paying (hips, barges, boats, or maft$f Proprietor of III. And whereas doubts way arife, whether the proprietor of a the manufac- certain manufactory of turpentiney pitchy and taryfituate in potter's Fields, in the parifh of Saint John Horfey Down, in the borough of Southwark, which manufactory was exprefly excepted from thf provifms of an aB pajfed in the feventh year of the reign of Shewn Anne, intituledy An a<t for making more effectual an adt, made in the fixth year of her Majefty’s reign, for the better preventing of mifchiefs that may happen byprey but which exception was repealed by the faid recited aCt of the fourteenth year of the reign of his pre-7Annajj c.17. fent Majefiy, may not have incurred the penalties by. the faid lap' mentioned a By infiCied on perfons carrying on the manufactory of turpentine in houfes fituate within lefs than fifty feet of any other . building: and whereas the proprietor of the faid manufactory^ not having received any compenfation for being deprived, by the faid Iqfi mentioned aBy of the exception in favour of his premifeSy contained in the faid aB of the feventh year of the reign of gtueen Anne, and the fame having been repealedy without his kno wledge and confenty it is reafonable that he Jbould be indemnified from any penalties he may have incurred, by carrying on his bufinefs at his faid tnanufaBoryy fince the paffing of the faid lafi mentioned aB; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the proprietor of the faid manufactory of turpentine (hall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and difcharged from and againft all penalties and forfeitures by him incurred, under or by virtue of the faid recited v act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife jnotwithftanding.

IV.	And whereas the proprietor of the foi$ mayyfaBory hath

'	agreed

Exception in favour of

Ihipwrighte,

&c:

torv in Pot ter’s Fields, exempted from any penalty that might be incurred under 14 Geo. 3. c. 78.

Hosted by

Google

17 8	Anno ylcefimo quineo Georgii IIL C. 7 &	343^

,	cmpenfation	for difcontinuing the whole of his mo*

nufattory, as well that of pitch and far as that of turpentine, at the place by him now occupied in Potter’s, Fields aforefaid* be it therefore further ena&ed* That it (hall be lawful tor the proprietor Proprietor of of the faid manufe^ory to continue carrying on the fame, for and during the fpace of fix calendar months, and no, longer * and that from thenceforth, it (haJl not be lawful for any perfon carry qjiHi* or perfons to carry oh any manufacture of pitch, tar, or turpen- work for fix tine, on the fcite of the faid manufa&ory in Potter's Fields, ex-cept in houfes or buildings conftru<Sed and continued in fuch lon55r* form and manner as is by this a& directed and required with refpedt to manufactories of pitch, tar, and turpentine, hereafter to be made or ere&ed.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That no a£Uon or profecution Limitation of (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons, actions-for any penalty inflicSed or to be incurred by virtue of this aft, unlefs the fame (hall be commenced within fix calendar months next after fuch penalty (hall have been incurred*

VL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, publick act. That this adl (hall be deemed and ^iken to be a publick a&; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpeciaUy pleading the fame.	_

CAR LXXVIII.

An a& for granting to his Majefty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars , and petty chapmen 5 and for regulating their trade•

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’* moft dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the Preambles commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies which we have freely granted to your Majefty in this feffion of parliament, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral additional and new rates and duties hereafter mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed 5 and he it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of Auguft From Aug. i, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, there be raifed, an- 1785* the fol-fwered, and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and du^S fqcceflbrs, the additional and new rates and duties following; ^hawkers that is to fay,	and pedlars,

etc.

By every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and every other By every trading perfon or perfons, going from town to town, or to other hawker, &c. men’s houfes, and travelling either on foot, or with horfe, hor- an additional fes, or otherwife, in England, Wales* or the town of Berwick ™r ann . upon Tweed, carrying to fell, or expofing to fale, any goods, F "	"	"	'	1	*	5	" J	1	wares.

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

By every hawker, &c. travelling with a horfe, or other beaft of Burthen, a further duty of Sl.perann. for each beaft.

Any hawker, etc. felling goods by auction to forfeit 50U for each offence.

9 & 16 Gul. S’ e. %J.

After Aug. 1, 1785, the whole of the formerduties, and the present additional ones, muft be paid on taking oiit the

Anno vicefirfio quintd GeoRGII III, c« 78/ [1783,-

.wares, of merchandizes, an additional duty of four pounds for each year :

By every perfon fo traveHihg with * horfe, afs, or mule, or other beaft bearing or drawing burthen, the additional fum of * eight pounds yearly for each beaft he Or (he (hail fo travel with, over and above the faid fifft mentioned duty, and over and a-jbove all other duties now payable by him or her.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this a£t, or in a certain a6t made at a feffion of parliar r ment held in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majefty King William the Third, (intituled. An attfor licenftng • hawkers and pedlars, for a further provifion of inter eft for the t ran ft > port debt for reducing ofIreland,) (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to authorife or impower any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading perfon or perfons, going from town to town, or to other then’s houfes, or travelling either on foot, or with horfe or horfes, or opening a room or (hop, and • expofing to fale any good$, wares, or merchandizes by retail, in any town, parifh, or place* fuch perfon not being a houfe-holder there, or the fame riot being an ufual place of his or her abode, or of his or her. carrying on bufinefs, to vend or fell, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand fp-ven hundred and eighty-fix, any goods or merchandizes what-foever, by outcry, knocking down of hammer, candle, lot, par-, cel, or any other mode of fale at auction, or whereby the beft or higheft bidder is or (hall be deemed to be the purchafer'j bat that every perfon and perfons whatfoever, going, from town tp town, or to other men’s houfes, and travelling either on foot or with horfe, horfes, or otherwife howfoever, in England, Woles,

* or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, carrying to fell, or expofing to fale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes, either on his, her? or their own account, or by, for, or upon commiflion, or other-wife howfoever, who (hall, from and after the (aid.twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand fpven hundred and eighty-fix, vend qr fell, or expofe or offer to fale, any goods, wares or merchaq-. dizes, either on his, her, or their own account, or by pommif-fion, or otherwife, by outcry, knocking down of hammer, cap?, die, lot, parcel, or any other mode of fale at auction, or whereby the beft or higheft bidder is or (hall be deemed to be the pur-, chafer, (hall forfeit and pay, Tor every offence, the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is men* tioned.

HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and other trading perfon or perfons, fo travelling as aforefaid, (hall, at the time of receiving his or her licence, as-here-after mentioned, and without any difcount whatfoever, pay all duties granted or made payable by the faid ac^ made in the feign of his faid l^te majefty King William the Third; and alfq

■' ' ' ' $

Google

Anno v'icefimo quirito GfcoRGH III. c. 78.	349

all duties granted, impofed, or mentioned in and by this .preferft licence, with-aft, payable or impofed upon him or her refpedhvely, to the out any dif-commiffioners for the time being for licenfing hawkers, pedlars* count* and petty chapmen, or feme perfon or perfons authorifed or deputed by them, or the major part of them, in writing uhdef their hands and feals; and upon payment thereof, and not otherwife, a licence (hall be granted to them, fubfcribed by the	*

faid commiflioners for the time being, or any two of them, for him or her to travel and trade according to the true.intent and meaning of this ancfthe faid adt made in the reign of King William the Third, and according to the duties which fhall then be -paid upon receiving fuch licence.

TV. And be it further enadted, That if any fuch hawker, Every dealer pedlar, or petty chapman, or other trading perfon, fo travel- travelling ling as aforefaid, (hall, from and after the faid firft day of Auguft* ^nCeUfarfeit* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, be found trading l0\t as aforefaid, without, or contrary to, or otherwife than as (hall be allowed by fuch licence, fuch perfon (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned; and that if any perfon, fo trad- Every hawker ing under and by virtue of any licence to him or her granted as ce hfs aforefaid, upon demand made by any perfon or perfons autho- ficencewhen rifed or appointed to demand any fuch licence by the commif- requited by fioners for licenfing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen for an authorifed the time being, or any two of them, under their hands and feals, ?e.^on,/or~ and upon producing or (hewing fuch authority or appointmentt€l 810 ' to fuch perfon fo trading as laft aforefaid, or upon demand made by any juftice of the peace, mayor, or conftable, or other officer of the peace of any county, riding, divifion, town corporate, borough, or place, where he or (he (hall fo trade, (hall refufe to produce and (hew his or her licence for fo trading as aforefaid, or (hall not have his or her licence for fo trading as aforefaid ready to produce and (hew unto fuch perfon authorifed or appointed as laft aforefaid, or unto fuch juftice of the peace, mayor, conftable, or other officer of the peace; that then the perfon fa refufing (hall forfeit ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after mentioned, and for nonpayment thereof (halL fuffer as a common vagrant and be committed to the houfe of correction -

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall forge or counterfeit any licence or licences by this adt directed to be granted, or travel with fuch forged or counterfeited licence or licences, for any of the purpofes aforefaid, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred^ and eighty-five, in cafe any perfon fhall let out to hire, or lend any licence to him or her granted as aforefaid, or (hall trade with or under colour of any licence

Every perfon travelling with a forged licence forfeits iol.

Every perfon lending, or letting his licence to hire, after Aug. i, iforfeits Tol. and his licence.

Hosted by

Google

Anno vlce&ttfe <juint®{JEORGii ML	[1785J

?eet!trfe granted troto any other perfon whatfoever, or of any H-7	^Sncc	»n whioMhis or herowri real name (hall not be inferted

-as the name of the perfon to whom the fame is granted, the p&fcn letting out w> hire, or lending any filch licence, and tire perfdnfo trading with or utlder colour of any licence granted to any other perfon, or arty licence in which his or her own real 3i£me ihall not be inferred as the name of the perfon to whom Yhe feme is granted, (hall eadh of them forfeit the fum of ten |>6Uridsj to be recovered and applied as herein-after mentioned: and in cafe any perfon (hall beoottvi&ed, or have judgement dgainft himfor lending hi9 or her licence to any other perfon or jperfons, contrary to this adt, fuch his or her licence (hall be ■from thenceforth forfeited and void, and be or (he (hall be utterly incapable of having any licence again granted to him or •her to trade as aforefaid.

Every perfon VII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid* trading with- That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons What-or refusing to	to ^cxzc and detain any fuch hawker, pedlar, petty chap-

produce one, ,ttian* or Other trading perfon as aforefaid, who (hall be found liable to be trading Without a licence, contrary to this adl, Or who being detained till found trading (hall refufe or neglect to produced licence dccord-* paid0 * W tog t0 this a6t, after being required fo to do for a reasonable p ’	time,	in order -to give notice to a conftable, headborough, ti-

thing-ffian, or other peace officer or officers, who are hereby required to carry fbch perfon fo feteed, unlefs they (hall in the mean time'produce their refpedlive licences, before feme of his MajeftyVjuftices of the peace of the county dr place where fuch offence or offences (hall be committed 5 which faid juftice of the peace is hereby authorjfed and ftridtly required, either upon confeffion of the party offending, or due proof by witnefs upon oath, (which he is hereby impowered to adminifter), that the perfon fo brought before him had fo traded as aforefaid $ and in cafe no fueh lieertce (hall be produced by fuch offender before the faid juftice, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe fhefaid Turn of ten pounds to be forthwith levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods, wares, Or merChandifes of fuch offender or offenders, or of the goods with which fuch offender* or offenders (hall be found trading as aforefaid, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners thereof, after deduction of the reafonable charges for taking the faid diftrefs, and out of the faid fale to pay the faid refpedlive penalties and forfeitures ,	'aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Every eonfta- That if any conftable, headborough, or tithingman, or other iinff	°®cer	or officers of the peace, (hall refufe and ncgledf, upon

in the exeeu- due notice, or on his or their own view, to be aiding and affift-tion of this, ing in, the execution of this or the faid recited a<ft, being thereat, to forfeit unto required, each and every fuch officer or officers, being 6ffl:ncereaCil thereofconvidted by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any juftice of the peace for the county or place'where the offence (hall be committed, (hall forfeit, for

each

Hosted by Google

I y8 g.] ^Aiino vfclstimo qdnto Oeorc H tlL c. 78.	$3$

efacfi and every fuch offence contrary to this a<ff, the fum of teti pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned*

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* Every hawkef

'jThat no hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading	to

perfon or perfons, going from town to town, or fo other men’s g^od^^ware^ houfes, or travelling either on foot, or with horfe or horfes* or etc. in any opening a room or lhop, and expofing to fate any goods, warefs, city or mar-©f merchandizes by retail, in any town, parilb, or place; fuch	**

perfon not being a houfeholder there, or the fame not being ah miles thereof^ tifual place of his or her abode, or of his or her carrying on forfeits rol. * bufinefs, (hall vend, fell, or expofe to fale, any goods, wares,'

or merchandizes whatfoever, in any city or market town in England, Wales y or the town of Berwick upon Tweedy or within the diftance of two miles from the middle of the moft central market place, by the ufual or moft common road, of any fuch city or market town; and in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons (hall vend, fell, or expofe to fale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatfoever, in any city or market town in England$

Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweedy (except as before excepted), every fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as foerein-after is mentioned.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted. That nothing except it be herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to on a fair or hinder any perfon or perfons from felling, or expofing to fale, mar ctday* any forts of goods or merchandizes in any publick mart, market,

or fair, but that fuch perfon may do therein as they lawfully might have done before the making of this a<$t; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL Provided always, and be it further enadled. That it (hall Ifo hawker to not be lawful for any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other j® trading perfon, travelling as aforefaid, to vend his or her goods county, etc. or wares, in any county, or city being a county of itfelf, or in cafe the town being a county of itfelf, in England or Wales y by virtue of juftice8,atthe any fuch licence as aforefaid, in cafe thejuftices, affembled at fer the general quarter feffions of the peace, (hall have made an or* fhouldhave der that hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and other trading made an or-perfons as aforefaid, (hall not have liberty to vend theft* goods der to the-and wares in fuch county, city, or town, upon pain of forfeit- contrar^,f mg, for every fuch offence, the fum of ten pounds; and that no fuch order (ball at any time be made, except at the quarter feffions next after MichaelmaSy to be holden for fuch county^ city, or town, and (hall not be in force until nine months after notice (hall have been given of the fame in fome publick newf-paper, publifhed or circulated in fuch county, city, or town refpe&ively.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Perfon# of-hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, or other trading perfon,

(hall vend any goods, wares, or merchandizes, in any fuch penalties county, city, town, or place, contrary to any of the provifions as hawkers

in this a& contained, fuch hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, travelling

or without licence.

Hosted by Google

Ann^ vicefimo qurnto Georgri lit. C. 7S,	[178^.

or other trading perfon, (hall be fubjed and liable to the like penalties as is by this aCt inflicted on hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen, or other trading perfons, travelling without licences kawkerS,etc. , XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the who were li- grft <jay 0f Auguft, one thoufand feveft hundred and eighty-

June4t?i735, lt be	f°r	any Pej*^on or perfons who, on the

may fet up' twenty-third of Jutie^ one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-any bufuaefs five, was or were duly licenfed to trade as hawkers and pedlars, in the place to fet up, occupy, ufe, or exercife any craft, myftery, or occu* refident Patlon dfed or occupied within this realm, in any place where inhabitants, they IhaU he refident inhabitants, although they mall not have though not been brought up in fuch craft, myftery, or occupation, feven brought up years as apprentices, and alfo to fet any peffon on work, in ~ mayCemploy ^uch €ra^ myftery, or occupation, although fuch perfon (hall therein per- not have been apprentice therein as aforefaid, any penalty, fons who have matter, or thing, contained in an aCt, pafled in the fifth year of not been ap- the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An att containing divers prentices.	orders for artificers, labourers, fervants of bujbandry, and apprentices,

to the contrary notwithftanding; and that if any fuch perfons, or their wives or children, (hall be profecuted for ufing or exer-cifing any fuch craft, myftery, or occupation, in any city, town, or place, and (hall make it appear that they had fuch licence as aforefaid, they (hall, upon the general iffue pleaded, be found not guilty, in any aCtion, bill, plaint, information, or indictment, for fuch caufe exhibited againft them; and in all cafes where cofts are allowed, fuch perfons, fo acquitted, (hall be in-titled to and fhall receive double cofts; and that no fuch perfons, their wives, or children, during the time they (hall ufe s	and exercife fuch craft, myftery, or occupation, in any parifh or

place, (hall be removeable therefrom to his, her, or their lad legal place of fettlement, until fuch perfon or perfons fhall become actually chargeable to fuch parifh or place ; any law now in being, relative to the fettlement of the poor, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

No wholefale XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted, That no trader in perfon, being a wholefale trader in Englijh bone-lace, in wool-®ri‘ifh. Sood? Ien, linen, filk, cotton, or mixed goods, or any of the goods, a°hawker Ttc. wares9 or manufactures of Great Britain, and felling the fame * by wholefale, dull be deemed or taken to be a hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, within the intent and meaning of this or of any other aCI relative to hawkers, or of any or either of them ; and that all and every fuch perfon or perfons, his, her, or their children, apprentices, fervants, or agents, felling by wholefale only, (hall go from koufe to houfe, and from (hop to (hop, to any of their cuftomers who fell again by wholefale or retail, without being fubjed or liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures contained in this or in any of the faid a&s touching hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen; any thing in this or in any of the (aid aCts contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

This aCt not XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted, That no-to extend to thing in this aCt fliall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to

prohibit

Hosted by Go< e

1785*} Anno vicefimo quiiito G&orgu III.: ?C. 78.	353

prohibit any perfon or perfons iroiri felling any printed papers certain per{ been fed by authority, or'any filh, fruits^ or visuals, nor t0 Scribed hinder any perfon or perfons who are the real workers or . makers of any goods, wares, or manufactures of Gfeat Britain, or his, -her, or their children, apprentices, agents, or fervants to fuch real workers or makers of fuch goods, wares, or manufactures only, from carrying abroad, expofirig to fale, and felling by retail or otherwife, any of the faid goods, wares, or manufactures, of his, her, or their own making, in any mart, market, or fair, and in every city, borough, town corporate, and market town 5 nor any tinkers, coopers, glaziers, plumbers, harnefs-menders, or other perfons ufually trading in mending kettles, tubs, houfehold goods, or harnefs whatfoever, from going about and carrying with hrm or them proper materials formending the fame.

XVI.	And be it further enaCted, That all pecuniary penal- How penalties, which (hall be incurred under this aCt, of a greater fum ties above aol. than twenty pounds, fhall be recovered, together with oofts of coy*re(Tand fuit,. in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminjhr, by appropriated. #Ction of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eftbin, proteCfion^ privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed 5 and one moiety of every fuch penalty

or forfeiture fhall belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, and the other moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame.

XVII.	And be it funher enaCled, That in1 all cafes where How penal-the pecuniary penalty by this ad impofed doth not exceed the ties under *oI. fum of twenty pounds, it (hall be recoverable before one of his qovered^awd* Majefty’s juftices of the peafce of the county, riding, (hire, di- appropriated, vifion, city, liberty, town, or place wherein the offence fhall be committed, on proof of the offence, either by voluntary confef-

fion of the party or parties accufed, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes ; and one moiety of every fuch laft mentioned penalty (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers profecuting for the fame; and in cafe of nonpayment fhall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender^ goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feai of fuch juftice; and the overplus of the money raifed, after deducing the penalty, and the expences of the diftrefs and fale, (hall be rendered to the owner, and, for want of fufficient diftrefs, the offender (hall be fent by fuch juftice to the prifon of fuch county, (hire, divifion, city, liberty, town, or piace, for fuch time, not exceeding fix months, nor left,than one month, as fuch juftice (hall think flioft proper.	*

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or Perfons ag-perfons fhall find himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the judge- grieved may ment of any fuch juftice, then he or they fhall and may, uPon q^rterfef-^ giving fecurity to the amount of the value of fuch penalty and j|onS4 forfeiture, together with fuch cofts as fhall be awarded in cafe

fuch judgement fhall be affirmed, appeal to the juftices of the VoL. XXXV.	A	a	peace

Hosted by Google

£54;	Annd^i'cefimo	quirito	GioRGii	1IL	c.	ylf.	[1785C

- ..... peace at the next general quarter feffions for the. county, riding, or place, who are hereby ,impqwered to futninpa and examine witrieffes upon oath^ arid finally to hear and determine the fame* ^nd in cafe the judgement of TucH juftice (hall be affirmed, it (hall be lawful for fuch judices to award rhe perfpn or perfons tp pay fuch cofts pccafioned by fuch appeal, as to them (hall feero meet.	v ,	.

XIX.	And be it further enabled, by the authority aforefaid. All the povv- That all' and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, ers contained methods, penalties, and forfeitures, exemptions, claufes, mat-^ e ^ ters> ancl things whatfoever, which in and by the faid acft, made relating* to the 1P the reign of King William the Third, or by any other law duties grast- now in force relating to or concerning the duties by that a£t ed by thataft. granted, are provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, other than fo far (except, etc.) as the fame is, are* or (hall be inconfiftent with, or contradictory or repugnant to, any thing in this adt contained, and other than in fuch cafes Tor which different provifions are prefcribed by this fliaribe appji- 2<ff, (hall be exercifed, pra&ifed, applied, ufed, and put in exceed in' execu- cut.ion, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, tion of this' recovering, and paying, the feveral duties hereby granted, and a^*	be in'force with refped to the fame, as fully and effectually, to

all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, forfeitures, exemptions* claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this prefent act.

Penalty on XX. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or per-witnelfeswho Pons (hall be fummoned as a witnefs or witneffes to give evi-fball neglect dence before any juftice or juftices of the peace touching any of toappear,etc. tj^e matters relative to this acl, or to the herein-befcre mentioned act, made in the reign of King William the Third, qnd (hall neglect or refufe fo appear at the time and place to be for that purpofe appointed, without a reafonable excufe for fuch neglect or refufal, to be allowed of by fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, or appearing, (hall refufe to be examined upon oath, and giye evidence before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace before whom the profecution fhall be depending, that then every fuch perfon (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied, and paid, in fuch manner, and by fuch means, as are herein directed as to the other penalties.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Duties to be That the feveral duties herein-before granted (hall be paid from paid into the time to time into the hands of the caftlier for the time being of the exchequer; duties' on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, who fhall keep a feparate and diftindt account of the feveral rates and duties, and pay the fame (the neceffary charges of raifing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being dedu&ed) into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the duties now charged on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, are di-and entered recfled to be paid ; and that in the office of the auditor of the jrparate, from faid receipt (hall be provided and kept a book or books, in ail others. which ail the monies arifing from the faid feveral rates and.du-

o	ties.

* 7

Hosted by Google

17^5^ Atttib vkefiMo quinto Georgii III. c. 79.	955

ties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid* (hall be entered ieparate arid apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucc'effors, upon any account whatfoever;	#	.

and the faid money fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as iforefaid, (hall be a fund for the payment of the feveral annul- crco * ties, and all other charges and expences as are direded to be paid and payable purfuant to an ad of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting annuities to fatisfy cer- , tain navy, viftuallingi and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures..

XXII. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or per- Defendants fons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted ma? P*e?^;the for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of genera 1 u * this ad, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or Judgement (hall be recovered againft him or them upon demurrer, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts arid recover awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs. treble coils.

C A P. LXXIX.

An aft for repealing an aft, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for granting to his Majefty a ftamp-duty on licences to be taken out by certain perfons uttering or vending mediciries; and certain (lamp-duties on all medicines fold under fuch licences, or under the authority of his Majefty’s letters patent; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS by an at7, made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, intituled ? An ad for granting to his Majefty a ftamp-duty on been- 23 Geo. 3. ees to be taken out by certain perfons uttering or vending me- c-dicines; and certain ftamp-duties on all medicines fold under recite(i5 fuch licences, or under the authority of his Majefty’s letters patent; it was enafted, That, from and after the firft day of September, one thousand feven hundred and eighty-three, there Jhould be charged, levied, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefjbrs, the Jeveral rates and duties following; (that is to fay)) all perfons (except fuch as hadferved a regular apprentice-Jhip to any firgeon, apothecary, druggifi, or ckemi/l> or fuch as had kept a /bop for the fpace of three years'before the pajftng of that aft, for the vending of drugs or medicines only, (not being drugs or medicines fold by virtue of his Majeflfs Utters patentJ, uttering or vending medicines in Great Britain, Jhould annually take out a licence for that purpofe, in manner therein preferibed; and where the perfons fo uttering or vending drugs or medicinesJhould reftde within the cities of London antd Weft min fter, or within the dfiance of the penny pofly on every fuch licence there Jhould be charged a Jiamp duty of twenty Jhidings; and where the perfons, Jo uttering or vending fuch

A a 2	drugs

Hosted by ^ ^.oogle

Anno tffcefimoquifito GeoRGiTIIL €. 79. (>7%*

drugs or medicines, Jhould^ re fide in any other part of Great Britain* there Jhould be charged om every fuch licence a Jiawp duty of fifte Jhih lings: upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other iticlofure of any medicine under the price or value of two /billings and fixpence, which Jhould be uttered, vended, or fold, by any p erf on or perfons tak-ing . out fuch licencesi or by any. perfon or perfons under the authority of his Majefifs letters patent, there Jhould be charged a fl amp-duty of three - pence: upon every box, packetbottle, <?r />/;/£/,	other inclo-

ofany medicine of the price or value of two jhillings and fixpence9' and under the price or value of five /killingswhich Jhould be uttered, vended, fold, by any perjon or perfons taking out fuch licences, <?r iy any perjon or perfons under the authority of his Mujejlys letters patent, there Jhould be charged a Jlamp-duty of fixpence7	every

box, packet, bottle,	phial,	indojure of any medicine of the

price or value of five/hillings and upwards, which Jhould be uttered, vended, or fold, by any perfons taking out fuch licences,	perfons

under the authority of his Majefty* s letters patent, there tfioould be charged a f amp-duty of one finding: now, we, your Majefty’s moft'dutiful and loyal fubjeefts, the commons of G/vj/ Britain, in parliament aflembled, finding that it will be convenient and for the publick fervice to repeal the faid (lamp-duties, fo made payable by the faid recited a61, and to grant unto your-Majefty the feveral new ftamp-duties herein-after mentioned,;for fecuring a certain fund ,	for the payment of fuch annuities as by the faid recited a61 were

charged upon the faid (lamp-duties; therefore do mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena6ted; and be it ena&ed-by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of and repealed, the fame, That, from and after the firfl day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, the rates and duties granted by an a6t, made and pafled in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majejly a f amp-duty on licences to be taken out by certain perfons uttering or vending medicines; and certain [lamp-duties on all medicines fold under fuch licences, or under the authority of his Majejly's letters patent; (hall ceafe^ determine, andTe no longer paid or payable.

From Sept? t* II, And be it further ena61ed by the authority aforefaid. That, ties^howine fr0n^ anc^ after f^d firfl day of September, one thoufand fe-are to be paid, ven hundred and eighty-five, there (hall be railed, levied, col-viz.	Ie61ed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, un-

to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, the feveral rates and duties following; (that is to fay),

For every That, for and upon every packet, box, bottle, phial, or packet, etc. other inclofure containing any drugs, oils, waters, eflences,. not^xceeding tjn<^ures? powders, or other preparation or ^ompolition whatfo-18. in value,-- ever, ufed or applied * or to be ufed or applied , externally or id. aq.:	internally,	as	medicines or medicaments for the prevention,

cure, or relief of any diforder or complaint incident to, or in any wife affe6ling^ the human body, which (hall be uttered or

vended

Hosted by

Google

vfiS.]	Anrlo vicefimo qumto GeoRGII HI.- C.79V	357

vended in Great Britain, there, (hall be charged a ftamp-duty According to the rates following; (that is’to fay,) where the contents of any fuch packet, box, bottle, phial, or other in-clofure aforefaid, (hall not exceed the price or value of pne (hilling, there (hall be charged a ftamp-duty of one penny halfpenny :

And where the contents of any fuch packet, box, bottle, Foreveryfuch phial, or ^ther inclofure aforefaid, (hall exceed the price or packet, etc, value of one (hilling, and not exceed the price or value of two ^^value*** (hillings and fixpen(ce, there (hall be charged a ftamp-duty of —3d.	*

three-pence:

And where the contents of any fuch packet, box, bottle, Between is. phial, or other inclofure aforefaid, (hall be above the price or and 59. in value of two (hillings and fixpence, and under the price 0r val^e»“r*6d. value of five [hillings, there (hall be charged a ftamp-duty of fixpence:

And where the contents of any fuch packet, box, bottle, Of 5s. value phial, or other inclofure, (hall be of the price or value of five or upwards, (hillings or upwards, there (hall be charged a ftamp-duty of*^18* pne (hilling..

IIL Provided always, That nothing herein before contained Duties not to (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge with the extend to ar-rates or duties hereby impofed, any drug or drugs named of contained in either of the books of rates; (that is to fay), the books of rates book of rates, fjubfpribed with the name of fir Harbottle Grim- referred to ■Jlone baronet, and mentioned and referred to by the aft of ton* by 12 Gar. 2. nage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of theireigri of King Charles the Second ; or in the other book of rates, inti- * °VX* * 71 tuled. An additional book of rates of goods and merchandizes ufually imported, and not particularly rated in the book of rates referred to \n the a51 of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, with rules, orders, and regulations , figned by the right honourable Spencer Compton, fpeflker-of the honourable houfe of commons, and mentioned and referred to ,	'

by an aft made and pafled in the eleventh year of the reign of his majefty King George the Firft; nor to any medicinal'drug or n°r un-drugs whatfoever, which (hall be uttered or yended entire, without ahy mixture hr compofition with any other drug or in- gularfurgeon, gredient whatfoever, by any furgeon, apothecary, chymift, or etc.; druggift, who hath feYved a rugular apprentice(hip, or by any perfon who hath ferved as a furgeon in the navy or arniy, under any commiffion or appointment which (hall haye been duly entered at the war office or navy office, or by any other perfon whatfoever licenfed in purfuance of this aft; hut that all Fuch drugs (hall and may be utter^l and vended by all fuch furgeons, apothecaries, chymifts, and aruggifts, or other perfons licenfecf a$ aforefaid, freed and difeharged from the rates and duties by this aft impofed on drugs, in fuch manner as they refpec-tively, before the paffing of this aft, and the faid herein recited 3ft, migh. ftave dene.

Aj 3	JV.	Pro»

Google-

Aono yicefimo quinto Georgii HI. c. 79. [1785*

nor to mix- ' IV. Provided alTo, That nothing hetein-before contained (hall t^res, etc. extend* qr bW conftrued to extend, to charge with the like rates',/ regular fur ^	0T. duties any mixture, compofition, or preparation what foever,

geons, etc. mixed or compounded with, or prepared from medicinal drugs', not-claiming medicated or chymical preparations or corapofitions, or other or^xchffive^ *ngrec^*eTlts bearing different denominations, or having different right to the Properties,, qualities, virtues, or efficacies, which fhall be ut-preparing the tered or vended by any fuch furgson, apothecary, chymift, or fapae;	druggift, as aforefaid, or by any fuch perfon who hath ferved

as a furgeon in the navy or army, under any fuch commiffion or appointment as aforefaid, the different denominations, properties,-qualities, virtues, and efficacies of which mixtures, competitions, and preparations, are known, admitted, and ap-. proved gf, in the prevention, cure, or relief of any diforder, malady, ailment, or complaint incident to, or in any wife affe£i-v	ing the human body; and wherein the perfon mixing, com-

pounding, preparing, or uttering or vending the fame, hath not, nor claims to have, any occult, fecret, or unknown art for the mixing, compounding, or preparing the fame, nor hath, nor claims to have, any exclufive right or title to the mixing, compounding, or preparing, or to the vending of the fame, and which mixtures, compolitions, or preparations, have not been, are not, nor hereafter (ball be prepared, uttered, nor fold un- vended, or expgfed to (ale, under the authority of any letter^ der letters - patent under the great Teal, nor at any time heretofore have ptteVvt|or ad- been, now are, or hereafter fhall be, by any publick notice, ad-noftru^s^etc Vert^eo?ent» or by written or printed papers or hand bills, held • t ‘ * - * out or recommended to the publick by the makers, proprietors^ or venders thereof, as noftrums or proprietary medicines, or as' fpecifics, or otherwise, for the prevention, cure, or relief of any fuch diftemper, malady, ailment, or complaint as aforefaid* Perrous vend- V., Apd be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Thap hon^Hable to every Per^on ^ Great Britain, littering or vending any drugs, duties, to oils,. Waters, effences, tin^ures, powders, or other preparations take out an or compofitions wh3tfoever, ufed or applied, or to be ufed or annual ii- applied, externally, or internally, as medicines or medicaments cence.	for the prevention. Cure, or relief of any diforder or complaint

incident to, or in anywife affecting the human body fubject to • the duties herein-before impofed, fhall, annually, take out i Rates of du- licence for that purpose; and that, for and upon every licence ties on li-	f0 taken out by any fuch perfon who (hall refide within the

cences. .	cities of Londonor iVeftminJler, the borough of Southwark, or

within 'the limits of the penny poll, or within the city of Edinburgh, there fhall be charged a ftamp-duty of twenty fhillings; and for and upon every licence, fo taken out’by any other fuch perfon, there fhall be charged a ftamp-duty of five fhillings. r VI. And be it further ena<fted by the authority aforefaid, Duties to be	That, for the better and more effectual levying and colledfing;

under the	all the faid duties herein-before granted, the fame fhall be under

management the government, care, and management of the commiftioners ottnecom-	®	.	.	1	.	, D	,	.

miffioners for *or the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on

damps.	* /•	-	.	’ . ........... 1 damped

Google





*7$5} Anno vlcefimo quinto Geo&GII III. c. ygK	35.9

damped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to appoint and employ Inch officers under them for that purpofe, and to allow fuch falaries and incidental charges as may be neceffary* v and to provide and ufefuch ftamps1 to denote the faid feveral duties as (hall be requifite iti that behalf, and' to db alb other things tfeceflary to be.done for putdhg this ad in execution with relation to the faid rates and duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, .as they, or the major part of them, are or isauthorifed to put in execution any for-. mer law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

VII.	And be1 ir further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the paffidg of this ad, any two or more* Com mi Hi ou-of his Majefty5s corximifnoners appointed for managing thedu-,^s ties arifing by (lamps on vellum., parchment, artd paper, or ceifcesforone fome perfon duly authprifed by them, (ball grafit licences to year from fuclt perfons who apply for rfib fame,' tp utter or vend, in Sept. 1,1785. any city, town, or other place within Great Britain, any drugs, or any (hhie-oils, waters,‘effences, tindures, powders, or other preparation ^ucu *** or compofition whatfoever, ufedf or applied, or to be trfed or applied, externally or. internally, as medicines or medig’ahients for the prevention, cure, or relief of any djforder or complaint incident to, of in anywife affeding the human body, ^nd fub-jed to the duties by this ad impofcd; and the faid. licences flia 11 continue in force for the fpace of one year, commencing from fhe firft day of September, one thoufarid feven hundred and eighty-five, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day ; and upon licences to be firft granted to any perfon or perfons after the faid firft day of September,-one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the day of the date pf every fuch licence ; and all. 311$ every perfon andJ perfons, who (hall take outifuch licence for uttering or vending any fuch drugs, medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or com-pofitions aforefaid, (hall take out a frdh licence for another New licenses year, ten days at the leaft before the expiration of that year for t0 betaken * which he or the (hall be fo licehfed, if he or (he (hall continue before1!he^ofd to utter or fell fuch drugs, medicines/ medicaments, or other expire,' 'preparations or compofitions aforefaid';’ arid (ball, ltx like manner, renew fuch licence, from year to’yeaf, paying down the refpedlive fums due for the ftamp$ oir fuch licences, as long a$ he or (he (hall continue to utter, or vend fuch drugs, medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compofitions as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enafled by^he authority aforefaid,

That, from and after the faid fiffft day of September, one thou- Every perfon fand feven hundred and eighty-fiv;ev no perfon whatfoever (hall felling medi-utter vend, or expofe to fate, any drugs, medicines, medica- cine.s ij’able to ments, or other preparations or compofitions aforefaid, which oUfa fiance (liall be fubjeeft to the duty herein-before impofed, unlefs he or forfeits 5lf * fhe (hall have firft obtained a licence in fuch manner as is herein-before direfted, upon pain to forfeit* for every fuch offence,

A a 4	the

Hosted by

Google

3^°	Ahno	yleeficno	qumto	jGeorgii	HI. c.yg. [1785.'

the fum of five pQunds, tqi,be recovered and applied as .hereinafter is diredled. /	;

IX.	And, in order tv fecure -the* duty hereby impofed) be if Perfons vend- further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That every perfoa “ilnestoTcnd f?aking» preparing, or vending any fuch drugs, medicines, 'or' labeb to be medicaments, or other preparations or compofitions aforefaid, ftampt, which which are fubjedl to the duty herein - before i tnpQfed, (hall, from are to be af- time to time, fend, or caufe to be fent, to the faid cornmiffion-: fised to the ers of damps, or to their officers appointed by them for that . ms icme8. purpofe, paper covers, wrappers, or labels, made for inclofing fuch packets, boxes, bottles, phials, or other inclofares, containing or intended to contain any fuch drags, medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compofitions aforefaid, with bis, her, or their name or names, and any other particular word or thing printed thereon, to denote the value at which the fame are refpe&ively intended to be fold, in fuch manner and form as the faid commiffioners (hall from time to time diredt, in order that the fame may be damped with the, feveral and refpedtive duties hereby directed to be impofed, and marked, impreffed, and diftinguilhed with fuch other mark or device as the faid commiffioners (hall direct, and delivered again from time to time to fuch maker or vender, as occafion (hall require; and all and every,the packets, boxes, bottles, or phials, or other inclo-fures, containing any drugs, medicines, medicaments, or other

Sactions or compofitions aforefaid, uttered, vended, or ex-

d to/faTe,. by any perfon or perfons whatsoever, (hall have'

parted, ftqck, faftened, or affixed thereto, fuch covers, wrapr

pers, or labels, (lamped, marked, impreffed, .and diftinguifhed

as aforefai^, in fuch manner as. the faid commiffioners (hall from

lime to time direct.

£ penalty of ! X. And belt further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Tha^

5I. on perfons no perfdh" or perfons fliall utter, vend, or* £xpofe. to fale, any

vending.me- paGjrel: box, bottle, or phial, or anv other ihclofure, edntain-emmes with* r ■	\	,•*	*	~ P ’	*	i •	*	•

out a label mg any drug, medicine,., medicament, or other preparation op

^tCo f * compofition'aforefaid* fubjeil to the ftamp duties hereby im-4	"	pofed, tinlefs the cover, ‘wrapper, or label, hereby diredled tq

be parted, fttick, faftened,; or affixed to the fame, fliall be parted, ftuck*, faftened, or affixed thereto, and marked and ftampeef as by this adt is directed; or that dial! have any cover, wrapper, or label parted,, ftuck, faftened, or aftjxed thereto, marked or ftamped with a mark or ftamp, of lefs denomination or value than by this adt is cliredted, under pain that all and every fucli perfon and perfons fo offending fliall forfeit and pay* for evedy ,	packer, box, bottle, or phial, or other inclofure, containing

any fuch drug, medicine, medicament, or other* preparation d.r compofuion aforefaid, fo uttered, vended, or expofed to fnle, the fum of fi ve pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after ,	is diredted.

: Xf. And, to prevent the cover, wrapper, or label, and the mark - or ftamp thereon, hereby directed to be pajledy Jluck, faftened, or affixed' to every packet, bck> bottle, phial) or 'other inclofureftcon-’	taining

Hosted by Google '	,;1

Anno vicefitho quinto GeorgII III. c. 79.

faining any drug, me dime, medicament,, or other preparation or com-pofition aforefaid, from being made ufe of again after they have been fid' afid difpofed of, to be affixed to other packets, boxes, bottles, phials, or other inelofures, containing any drugs, medicines, medicaments, of other preparations or comp options aforefaid by which prac~\

* lice’s his Majefly's revenue might be leffiened and diminijhed^ . be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon Perfons fell* or perfons (hall, from and after the firflh day of September, one ing medicine* thoufand feven hundred and eighth-five, fraudulently cut, tear> or take off any mark or (lamp, in refpeft whereof or whereby txme for<5 any duties are hereby payable, or denoted to be paid or payable feit. iol. to his Majefty, on any packet, box, bottle, or phial, or other jrrclofure, containing any drug, medicine, medicament, or other preparation or compofition aforefaid, fubjedt to the duties hereby imposed, after the fame (hall have been fold or difpofed of as aforefaid; or (hall fraudulently pafte, flick, fafteri, or affix to any fuch packet, box, bottle, or phiaj, any covers wrapper, gr label, fo marked and (lamped as aforefaid, tfip fgme having gnce been made ufe of for the purpofe aforefaid ; or (hall utter, vend, or expofe to, fate* any packet, box, bottle,-phial, or other inclofure, containing any drug, medicine, medicament, or other preparation., or compofition aforefaid, with fuch cover, wrapper, or label, fo fraudulently cut, torn, or taken off as aforefaid, and pafted, (luck, faftened, or affixed thereto; all and every perfon and performs fo offending, in any of the particulars before mentioned, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay ;he fum.of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter is dire<5ted.

XII.	Andy to prevent perfons from fraudulently felling or buying any covers, wrappers, or label), which have been before made ufe of for denoting any of the duties by this aft impofed, or any packets, boxes, bottles, phials, or other inclofures, wherein any drugs, medi-tines, medicaments, or other preparations or compofttions aforefaid, have been contained, and fold and difpofed of with fuch covers, wrappers, or labels, pajled, fuck, fajiened, or affixed thereto9, be it

Further enadlecf by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon	bu	'me

or perfons (hall, from and after the firft day of September, one labels for the5 thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, fell or buy any fuch purpofe of cover, wrapper, or label, which hath before been made ufe for the being ufed a inclofing any packet, box, bottle, or phial, or other inclofure of o^bu^in^or any drug, medicine, medicament, or other preparation or com- feiiing any ppfition, liable to the duty hereby impofed, in order to be again packet with made ufe of for the like purpofe; or (hall fell or buy any luch a label, packet, box, bottle, phial, or other inclofure, with fuch cover, forfe*lt loi< wrapper, dr label, which hath before been made ufe of as aforefaid, pafted, (luck, faftened, or affixed thereto; every fuch perfon 'fo offending (hall,, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacled by the au- Either buyer thority aforefaid,’ That if cither the' buyef 6r feller of 3hy or feller may

1	;	!	'	v.;,'	-	-	fuch

Hosted by

Google

inform againft the other, and be himfelf indemnified.

Allowances for prompt payment of duties.

Notice of the place of making or vending medicines,with the prices, &c. to be fent to the ffcamp-ofiice.

ApQ0„viee6ma qyiflto Georgii III. c, [1785* fuch coverA wrapper, or label, or any fuch packet, bo*, bottle, ghial, brl^t^r inclofure, (hall inform againft the other party concerned in,haying or felling fuch cover, wrapper, or label, or packet, box, bottle, phial, or other idctofure, the party fo informing (ftajl be admitted to give evidence againft the party infbr^ed, againft, and (hall be indemnified from the penalties by hlin br Iter incurred, and (hall receive, the farpe benefit and advantage as any other informer (hall be intitled to by virtue of this aft for fuch information.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiffioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, (hall allow and j)ay to every perfon that (hall be fuppiied with,, or (hall bring any paper covers, or wrappers, or labels as afore&id, to the head office of damps, to be (lamped in purfu-ance pf this aft, the duty whereof, hereby impofed, (hall amount to the fum of ten pounds or upwards; after the rate of two pounds in the hundred pounds per annum ; and if fuch duty fhall amount to the fum of fifty pounds or upwards, after the rate of five pounds in the hundred pounds per annum, upon prefent payment of the faid duty upon the faid paper covers, wrappers dr labels, fo to them fuppiied or by them brought.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid firft day of September, one thou-fand feyen hundred and eighty-five, every perfon and perfons who (Kail make, prepare, utter, vend, or expofe to fale, any fuch medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compo-fitions aforefaid, liable to the duties impofed by this aft, before they refpeftively (hall make, prepare, utter, vend, or expofe to fale, any fuch medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compofitions aforefaid, (hall give or fend notice in writing of the ufual houfe or place, houfes or places, where they re-fpectively (hall make, prepare, utter, vend, or expofe to fale, the fame; and alfo of all drugs, oils, waters, effences, tinctures, powders, and other preparations and compofitions fubjeft tq the duties by this aft impofed, that (hall be made,' prepared, littered, vended, or expofed to fale by them refpeftively, or intended fo to be; which notice (hall be given or fent to the commiffioners for the time being for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to their officer^ next adjacent to the place where fuch medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compofitions, fhall be made, prepared, uttered, vended, or fold; and the like notice (hall be given or fent,by every fuch perfon or perfons as often as they refpeftive-Jy fhall change their places for that purpofe, or (hall change or vary the articles, or any of them, in which they (hall fo deal; and which notice (hall contain the true and juft name and names of all fuch drugs, oils, waters, effences, tinftures, powders, or other preparations or compofitions aforefaid, by which the fame refpeftively have been, or now are, or at any time: hereafter, (hall called, known, or diftinguifhed, and the

Hosted by Google

1785.3	Armo- viceSmo quinto Geqrgii IIL c, 79.

✓ kinds apd .qualities thereof, and the price or prices at which the fame (hall be intended to be vended or expofed to fale, upon pain that every perfon, awaking default ip giving fuch notice as aforefaid, for every fuch offence, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is dire&ed.	•

XVI.	And, in order to obviate any doubts which may arife in the conjlruftion of this, aft for want of a particular fpecifieation, denomi-'nation> and enumeration of the different drugs, oils, waters, effences, tin ft tires, powders, or preparations or compofitions which are charged with, or fubjeft to the rates or duties by this aft impofed, or to which the fame Jhall extend\ be it declared and further ena&ed, That This a& to the rates and duties hereby impofed on drugs, oils, waters, ef- extend to the fences, tin&ures, powders, and other preparations pr compo- nexed an^fto litions ufed or applied, or to he ufed or applied, as medicines aq articles of or medicaments for the prevention, rcure,t or relief of any di- the like qua-' ftemper, malady, ailment, or diforder, incident to or in any wife liti^a 5 affedjting the human body, aqd upon perfons uttering or vending the fame 5 and all the powers, proviliqns, articles, claufes, diftributions of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed'or appointed by this adt for the raifing, levying, coJIedUpg, and fecqring the faid rates and duties, (hall extend, and be deemed, and adjudged to extend, to charge with the faid rates and dpties all and every the article and articles mentioned, named, enumerated, or fpecified in the fchedule hereunto annexed, by the refpedlive names therein mentioned, or by whatfoever other name or names the fame have heretofore been, now are, or hereafter (hall be called, known, or di-flipguiflied 1 and alfo ail pills, powders, lozenges, tinclures, potions, cordials, electuaries, plaifters, unguents, falves, ointments, drops, lotions, oils, fpirits, medicated herbs, and waiters, chemical and officinal preparations whatfoever, of the fame or the like properties, qualities, virtues, or efficacies, with thofe articles fo mentioned, named, enumerated, or fpecified therein, or any of them, made, prepared, uttered, vended, or expofed to fale by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, wherein and where a the perfon making, preparing, uttering, vending, or expofing fecretartor to fale the fame, hath, or claims to have, any occult, fecret, or [Claimed ^or Unknown art for the making or preparing the fame, or hath or the medicines Claims to have any exclufive right or title to the making or pre- are advertifed paring the fame, or which at any time heretofore have been, as noftrums, now are, or hereafter (hall be prepared, uttered, vended, or ex-pofed to fale, under the authority of any letters patent under the great feai, or which at any time heretofore have been, now are, or hereafter (hall be, by any publick notice or advertife-fnent, or by written or printed papers or hand bills, held out or Recommended to the publick, by the makers, venders, or proprietors thereof, as noftrums or proprietary medicines, or as Specifics, or otherwife, for the prevention, cure, or relief of any fuch diftemper, malady, ailment, or complaint as aforefaid ; and Ihall alfo extend, and be deemed and adjudged fo extend, to

;	■	t	t	-f	f	•

Hosted by

Google

zH

Ifcrfons counterfeiting marks, &c. guilty pf felony.

Regulations of all former a&s, relative to ftamp duties, extended to this ad.

How penalties ar^tp applied.

Howpenalties are to be recovered.

r <	.	*

Anno vicefimo qnlnto Georgii III. e. 79, [ 1785,

charge with the rates or duties impofed on licences, all and every perfon and perfons refpedively who (hairutter, vend,* or expofe to fale, any fuch preparations or compofitions as aforefaid.

XVII.	A;nd be it further enaded, That if any perfon or perfons ftiall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any feal, ftamp, or mark, direded or allowed to be ufed, or provided, made, or ufed, in purfuance of this ad, for the purpofe of denoting the duties by this a£f granted, or (hall counterfeit of refemble the impreffion of the fame upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fecceffors, of any of the faid duties; or (hall utter, vend, or fell any vellum, parchment, or paper, di-reded to be marked or ftamped with any mark or ftamp provided arid ufed in purfuance of this or any other ad or a<5ls of parliament, for denoting the duties thereby granted, with a counterfeit mark or ftamp thereupon, knowing fuch mark or ftamp to be counterfeit; or if any perfon fhall privately and fraudulently ufe any feal, ftamp, or mark, directed, or allowed to be ufed by this ad, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fecceffors, of any of the faid duties; then every fuch perfon fo offending, trnd being thereof convided, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, with? out benefit of clergy.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That dll powers, provifions, articles, claufes, and all other matters and things, prescribed or appointed by any former ad or.a61s of parliament, relating to the ftamp-duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (hall be of full force and effed with relation to the rates and duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and put in execution for raifing, levying, colleding, and fecuring the faid new rates and duties hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaming of this ad, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feverajly and reflectively been hereby enaded, with relation to the faid new rates and duties hereby impofed,

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all pecuniary penalties, hereby impofed, (hall be divided and diftributed, (if feed fof within the fpacefof fix calendar months from the time of any fuch penalty being incurred) ip manner following ; one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform and fee for the fame.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all pecuniary penalties, impofed on any perfon or perfons for offences committed againft this ad, (hall and may be feed fqr and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts at Weflminjler% for offences committed in, that part of Great Britain called Eng-land, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tivecd\ and in hisMajefty’s court of feffions, court of julViciary, or court-of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed m

‘ "	that

x	Hosted by Google

1785.] Afln0 Vicefimo quifito (SeorGii III. c. 75.'	365

that part of Qreat Britain called Scotland, by adlion of debt*, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbin, prote&ion, pri-r vilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.'

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fuch divifion or diftribution of. the pe- In default of nalties as.aforefaid, (hall be, and is hereby confined and re- profeeution ftridted to the profecuting for the fame within the time hereinT eVt?e whole' before for that purpofe limited} and that in default of fuch penalties be-profecetion within tire time aforefaid, no informer or informers long to his (hall have or be utitled to any part or (hare of fuch penalties, Majefty.

but that the whole thereof (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and (hall be recoverable in manner aforefaid ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

XXII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it dial! and may be lawful to and for juftices may any juftice of the peace, redding near the place where the of- determine , fence (hall be committed, to hear and determine any offence n?atters rela* againft this ad, which fubjeds the offender to any pecuniary niarv^eflS^ penalty, at any time within fix months after the offence com- ties, mitted or to be committed againft this ad; which faid juftice

of the peace is hereby authorifed and required, upon any fuch information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, to fummon the party accufed, and alfo the witneffes oh either fide, and fhall examine into the matter of fad; and Upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confeflion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, to give judgement or fentence for the penalty or forfeiture according sis in and by this ad is direded, and to award and iffue out his warrant, under his hand and feal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures fo adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they fhall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of the offender cannot be found fufficient to anfwer the penalty, to commit fuch offender to prifon, there to remain for the fpace of three months, unlefs fuch pecuniary penalty (hall be fooner paid 2nd fatisfied; and if any perfon or perfons (ball find himfelf or themfeJves Appeal may aggrieved by the judgement of any fuch juftice, then lie or they be made to (hall and may, upon giving fecurity to the amount of the value ^1QI1]|lsartcr of fuch penalty and forfeiture, together with fuch cofts as (hall le lons‘ be awarded in cafe fuch judgement fhall be affirmed, appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter feffions for the county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, or place, who are hereby impowered to fummon and examine witneffes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in cafe the judgement (hall be affirmed, it (hall be lawfu} for fuch juftices to award the perfon or perfons to pay fuch cofts occafioned by fuch appeal fo them (hall feem meet.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That

%	Hosted by Google





jamb videSirid qdittto fe^RGi i III;	[178gl

Witneffes That if any perfbii or per fobs (hall be furaraoafd as- a witnefar negle&ing to or wittiefles to give evidence before fuch juftice dr jufticps of attend, forfeit the peace, torching any of the matters relative to this a<51, either on the part of the profecutor or 6f the perfon or perfons ac-* £ufed, and (hall negled or refpfe to appear at the time and place to be for that purpofe appointed, without a reafonable ex-cufe fot fuch, his, her, or their negled of refufaj, to be allowed 6f by fuch juftice or juftices of the peace before whom the pro-: fecution (hall be depending; that then every fuch perfon (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of forty (hillings, to be levied and paid in fuch manner, and by fuch means; as hereinbefore direded as to other penalties.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the juftice of juftices of the peace before whom any offender (hall be convided as aforefaid,' (hall caufe the faid conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, of in any other form of words to the fameeffed, mutatis mutandis; (that is to fay):

Form of con- TJ E it remembered^ That on the	day1	of

viftion. J3 in the year of our Lord	in the county ef

AM.	of	was	convifted	before	me	C. D. one-of his Ma-

jejlfs juftices of the peace for the feud county, refiding near the place where the offence was committed^ for that the faid A.B. on the day of	now	lajl	pajl, did, contrary to'

the form of the JIatute in that cafe made and provided, [here (late the offence againft the ad]; and I do dellare and adjudge that he the faid A.B. hath forfeited the fum of	of	lawful

money of Great Britain, for the offence aforefaid^ to be diftributed as the law dir efts*

Given under my hand and feal the	day of

XXV.	Provided neverthelefs. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftice, where he (hall fee caufe, to mitigate and leffen any fuch penalties as he fhall think fit, reafonable cofts and charges of the officers and informers, as well in: * making the difeovery as in profecuting the lame, being always allowed, over and above fuch mitigation, and fo as fuch mitigation dp not reduce the penalties to iefs than one moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the faid cofts and charges'; any thing contained in this ad, or any other ad of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding *, and no fuch convidion (hall be removed by certiorari into any court whatfoever.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Duties to be That the leveral duties herein-before granted (hall be paid, paid into the from time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for exchequer. t^e tjme being of the duties pn (lamped vellum, parchment,

and paper, who (hall keep a feparate and diftind account of the feveral rates and duties, and pay the fame (the neceffary charges of railing, paying,“and accounting for the fame, being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch

manner.

Juftice may mitigate penalties.

Hosted by Google

<7#5‘1 Ahhd'viefefimo	3$f<-.

manner, as the, duties',now charged pn ftatnpetf vellum, parchment, and paper, are direfted to be paid ; and that in the office and to be kept of the auditor of the faid receipt fhall be provided arid kfept a fepa^ate front book or books, in which all the monies arifmg from the (aid *iegot er (*u“ feveral rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as afpre-faid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money fo paid into the faid Application receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be a fund for the pay- thereof, mem of the feveral annuities, and all other charges and ex-? pences as are directed to be paid and payable purfuant to an aft of parliament paffed in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for raifing a certain fum of mo -ney by ivay of annuities, and for ejlablijhing a lottery.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, Defendants molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or may plead tfye executed in purfuance of this aft, or of any claufe, matter, or Seneral ifiue, thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, for his or their defence5 and if upon the trial a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have and recover treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or treb*e co“s* plaintiffs.

SCHEDULE to which this a£l refers: .

Containing the names by which many medicinal preparations now in ufe, fubjeft to the duties by this aft impofed, are known and diftinguifhed.

DRUGS, OILS, WAT E R S, etcetera, ufed as medicines; commonly called

Analeptic pul, Doctor James’s.

Ague and Fever Drops. Anderfon’s Scotch PaIIs. Andalufia Water.

Anodyne Necklace. Antipertuffis.

Antirheumatic Drops. Baifamic Eleftuary for the Whooping Cough. Bateman’s Drops.

Betton’s original Britifti Oil. Beaume de Vie.

Bin’s Martial Balfam. Roftock’s Grand Elixir.

Cox’s Tinfture,

Daffy’s Elixir.

Dalby’s Carminative.

Daw Ton’s Lozenges.

Doftor Dickinfon’s Cephalic Drops.

Edward’s Ague Tinfture.

Effence of Water Dock.

Falck’s Univerfal Pills.

Freeman’s Bathing Spirits.

Fryaris Balfam.

Fendon’s Drops.

Godfrey’s Cordial.

Grant’s Drops.

Griffin’s Tinftura Afthmatica. Hickman’s Pills.

Hill’sPeftoral Balfam of Honev.

Hill’s •

Hosted by Google

/







Anno vleefirno quinto Gborg 11 IlL e. 8&.	§	17#^;

^il^s Tincture of Sage.

Dittp Tinware of Valerian. Ditto E fletice of Water Dock:. Ditto Elixir of Bardana.

Dittp. Tincture of Centaury'. Ditto Canada Balfam. Hamilton’s Cinnamon Drops; Ditto,——- Afthmatic Effluvia. Ditto -—Vegetable Balfamic Tinfifure.

Hooper’s female Prills. Holdfwortb’s Lozenges; Hunter’s Elixir.

■' Ditto — Reftorative.

James’s FeverJ?owder.

Jefuit Drops.

Johnfon’s Yellow Ointment* JjCeyfer’s Pills.

Leake’s Pills.

Lozenges of Blois.

Ditto-----of Tolu.

Ditto ‘Stomachic.

Ditto-----Specific.

Ditto-----for the Heartburn.

Lockyer’s Pills.

Le Cour’s Imperial Oil. Norton’s Maredant’s Antifcor-butic Drops.

Norris’s Drops.

Peters’s Tinfture.

Peters’s Pills.

Peke’s Omtment.’	v:

RatclifFVEiixir;	’

Spilftury’sAntifcbVbutk Speedmarfs Stomach Pills; Spirits of Scurvy Grafs. Stomachic Lozenges. Stoughton’s Elixir.

Stern’s Balfamic JEther; Squire’s Elixir.

Steer’s Opodeldoc;	8

Ditto—Oil.	.

Ditto-Purgifig Elixir. Tuberofa Vit£;, or Chilblain?

Water.

Turlington’s Balfa'm. Vandour’s NervPus Pills. Velno’s Vegetable Syrup. Wace’s Afthmatic Drops. Ward’s White Drops.

Ditto — Effence for the Head Ach.

Ditto — Liquid Sweat.

Ditto — Red Pills.

Ditto — Sack Drops. *

Ditto — Sweating Powders. Ditto — Parte.

Worm Cakes, Storey’s.

Worm Sugar Plumbs.

Wray’s Ague Pills.

CAP. LXXX.

An aft for granting to his Majejly certain duties on certificates to h-e taken out by folicitors9 attornies, and others, praftiftng in certain ' courts of jujlice in Great Britain ; and certain other duties with refpefl to warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered of* filed of record, as therein mentioned.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. XTTE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards railing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, have refolved to give, and grant unto your Majefty the duties herein-after mentioned ♦, and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted \ and be it enacted by the King’s, moft excellent majefty, by and with the ad-prom Nov. 1, vice and confent of the lords fjfiriuial and temporal, and com<-1785, the fol- mQns, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authoL-lowing duties |.jty Df the fame. That, from and after the firft day of November, \iz.t0	one thoufand feven hundred and eighty.;five, there ffiall be rai£- ;

cd.

Hosted by

Google

i785.]	Anno vicefimo quirito Gfio&Gtt! lllf C. 80.

fed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the rates and duties following; (that is to fay).

That for and in refpefl of every warrant, mandate, or au- For every thority given to any folicitor, attorney, notary, pro&or, agerit, warrant to or procurator in Great Britain, to commence, carry on, or de- pr?rf^utf °5

S- i	r	•	r	•	•	t	* TV/T • n ,	a	CUDt	Or	408.

fend, any luit or prolecution in any ot his Majefty s courts at_________as. 6d.

Weftminfter, or in any ecclefiaftical court, or in any of the courts of admiralty or cinque ports, or in any of his Majefty’s courts in Scotland, the great fefiions in Wales, or in any courts in the counties palatine, or iti any other court holding pleas, where the debt or damage (hall amount to forty (hillings, or more* there (hall be charged a ftamp-duty of two (hillings and fix-pence:

That every folicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or prd- Certificates to curator, admitted, enrolled, or regift,ered in any of his Majefty’s be tak<-n ?ut courts at Wejlminjier, or in any ecclefiaftical court, or in any of everyfolici^ the courts of admiralty, or cinque ports, or in any of his Ma- tor,&e, prac-jefty’s courts in Scotland, the great fefiions in Wales, or in any tifing ip any courts in the counties palatine, or in any other court in court holding Great Britain holding pleas, where the debt or damage (hall up0watdV: amount to forty (hillings, or more, (hall, previous to his commencing or defending any fuit or profecution, take out annually a certificate of fuch his admiffion, enrolment, or regifter :

That for and upon every fuch certificate fo taken out by Thofe refid-any folicitor, attorney, notary, pro&or, agent, or procurator, ing in Lon-who (hall refide in any of the inns of court, or in the cities of London ox-Weft min ft er^ the borough of Southwark, the parifti of biifs of mor-Saint Pancras, and Saint Mary le Bone, or within the bills of taiity,orEdin-mortality, or within the city of Edinburgh, there (hall be charg- burgh, to payed a ftamp-duty of five pounds:	titicate^ cer"

That for and upon every fuch certificate fo taken out by any *iCa e‘ . folicitor, attorney, notary, pro&or, agent, or procurator, who part 0f Great lhall refide in any other part of Great Britain> there (hall be Britain, 31. charged a ftamp-duty of three pounds.

II. And be it further ena&ed bv the authority aforefaid.

That, for the better and more effectual levying and collefting Duties to be the faid duties herein-before granted, the fame (hall be under under the the government, care, and management of the commiftioners for ^om-the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on mifiioners for ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major ftamps. part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ fuch officers under them for that purpofe, and to allow fuch fa-laries and incidental charges as may be neceflary, and to provide and ufe fuch ftamps, to denote the faid duties, as (hall be requifite in that behalf, and to do all, other things neceflary to be done .for putting this a<5t into execution, with relation to the faid rates and duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them,

Vol. XXXV,	E b	are

Hosted by Google

27°	Aimo	Hcfefimo	quinto	G£qrgiiIII. c. 80^ [1785^

tre or is authorifed to put in execution any former law eon** cerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper,

‘	III-	And,	for the eafter obtaining fuch certificate,	be it further

fromNovem- enadled by the authority aforefaid v That, from and after the ker *7?J> firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fohotor &c fivei every perfon admitted, fworn, enrolled, or regiftered a fo-{hall annually licitoiyattorney, notary, prodlor, agent, or procurator, in any deliver in a one or more of the courts aforefaid, who (hall commence, note of his carry on, or defend, any adlion, fuit, or profecution therein, fiderfc^&c6" annua^y> during fuch time as he (hall continue fo to prac-in order to* t!^e (herein, deliver into fome one of the courts in which he obtain acer- (hall have been admitted, fworn, enrolled, or regiftered* in fuch tificate. manner as herein-after is directed, a paper or note, in the proper hand-writing of every fuch folicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, containing his name and ufual place of refidence, and marked and damped with the proper mark or ftamp denoting the duty herein-before impofed upon certificates, according to the place of fuch his refidence as aforefaid, and thereupon every fuch Solicitor, attorney, notary, pro<ftor, agent, or procurator, (hall be intitled to have a certificate (if the fame (hall be required) in the manner herein-after directed-

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Officers for That, from and after the firft day of November, one thoufand ^H^aHon^for ^even hun^red an^ eighty-five, the chief clerk of the court of ?eSficate8°in king’s bench, or his deputy, the clerk of the warrants in the England. court of common pleas, or his deputy, the clerk of the pleas in the exchequer office of pleas, or his deputy, the prothonotaries of the refpe&ive counties palatine of Lancafier, Chejler, and Durham, and of the great feffions in Wales, or their refpe&ive deputies, and fuch officers of the inferior courts of law as the judge or judges of the inferior courts refpe&ively (hall, from time to time, appoint to enroll the names of perfons admitted attornies in the (aid courts refpedtively, the fenior clerk of the petty bag office in the court of chancery, or his deputy, the King’s remembrancer of the court of exchequer, or his deputy, the chief clerk of the court of the duchy chamber of Lancafier, or his deputy, the regifter of the refpe&ive courts of equity in the faid counties palatine, and of the great feffions in Wales, or their refpe&ive deputies, and fuch officers of the inferior courts of equity as the judge or judges of fuch inferior courts refpec*. tively (hall, from time to time, appoint to enroll the names of perfons admitted Tolicitors in the faid courts refpetftively, (hall, and they are hereby refpe&ively required, from time to time, upon payment of the fee of one (hilling, to enter in alphabetical order, the name and place of refidence of every fuch attorney and folicitor enrolled an attorney or folicitor in the faid courts refpe&ively, (and who (hall have delivered in fuch paper or note in writing, duly damped, and required a certificate of his enrolment, as aforefaid) in rolls or books to be provided and kept for that purpofe in the faid feveral and refpe&ivejpffices ; and alfo tjiat the regifters of all and every the ecclefiaftical

courts,

- -	Google

Armti v'icefinio quirito GfioRGli III. c. So*	371	<-

cbuFts, courts of admiralty, or of the cinque ports, or their re-fpecftive deputies, (hail, and they are hereby refpe&ivdy required, in like manner, from time to time, to enter, in alphabetical sorder, the name and place of refidence of every notary, pro&or, or procurator, admitted a notary, prodior, or procurator, in the faid courts refpedlively, and vvho (hall have deliver^ ed in a like paper or note in writing, containing his name and place of refidence, and requiring a certificate of his admiffion as aforefaid, in rolls or books to be provided and kept for that purpofe in the faid refpeclive offices ; and alfo that all fuch offi- Officers for cers of the courts of feffions, courts of judiciary, circuit courts,	]ngC

court of exchequer, or (heriff or ftewart courts, or any other in- Scotland* ferior courts in Scotland, as the judge or judges of the faid courts refpedtively fhall, from time to time, appoint toregifter any certificate of the oaphs appointed by law to be taken and fubfcribed in the faid courts refpedfively, by perfons officiating therein as procurators, agents, or folicitors, (hall, and they are hereby reflectively required, in like manner, from time to time, to enter, in alphabetical order, the name and place of refidence of every fuch procurator, agent, or folicitor, delivering in a like paper or note in writing, containing his name and place of refidence, and requiring a certificate of fuch regifter as aforefaid, in rolls or books to be provided and kept for that purpofe in the faid re-fpe&ive offices; and all and every the officers aforefaid refpec- Entering: tively (hall, and they, and each and every of them, are hereby officers to required, at the time of making fuch entry, to fubfcribe to every fuch paper,or note in writing, fo delivered in, a certificate figned by every fuch officer respectively, according to the form of the fchedule hereunto annexed; to all which faid rolls or books, in the faid courts refpedtively, all perfons (hall and may, at feafonable times, have free accefs without fee or reward.

V.	And be it further enadfed by' the authority aforefaid, jThat the faid officers, or their refpedlive deputies, after they Entering of* (hall have refpedtively figned fuch certificates, fo fubfcribed fo ficera/etc. to the refpedlive papers or notes, in writing, duly (tamped as aforefaid, (hall forthwith iflue the faid certificates to the perfon which mnft’be or perfons refpedlively requiring the fame; and every certificate renewed to fo ifiiied (hall bear date on the day on which the fame was iffaed, days before and (hallendure and remain inforcefor thefpaceof twelvecalendar exPlratlon* months, to commence from the firft day of November ^ onethou-fand feven hundred and eighty-five, upon all certificates to be jiTued on or before that-day, and upon certificates to be firft if-fued to any perfon or perfons, after the faid firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the date of every fuch certificate $ which faid certificate (hall be renewed at lead ten days previous to the expiration of the time for which it was granted, and fo yearly and every year, fo long as fuch folicitor, attorney, notary, prodlor, agent, or procurator, ihall continue to pradiife in any fuch court in manner af^jfefaid ; and if any of the faid refpedlive officers, or their Penalty on jiefeedtive deputies, (h%ll neeledl or refufc to rflue, within a con- refuting to -	'	Bbivenientiffue'or Im"

Hos ' by Google

372

properly ififtH ing certifi-cates*

j^eYfotis redding 40 days in a year within the limits of the higher duties, are to pay the fame.

Penalty on a&ing without certificate, or giving in a i'alfe place of refi-aence.

Anna vice fimo quin to Georgii III. C; So. [1785/

Yemeni time, the proper certificate required by this a<$, in fuch manner as is herein-before diredled, or (hall iffue the fame to any perfon otherwife than as before diredled, every fuch officer fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is diredled, and moreover (hallrfatisfy and pay to the party or parties aggrieved thereby, all fuch damages^ (hall or may accrue from fuch negledt, refufal, or default.

VI.	And, to prevent evafion in the payment of the higher duties impofed by this alt by JoUcitcrs, >attornies, notaries, prof orj, agents, and procurators, ivko may have divers places of refidence at the fame time, within the limits of the different dijlndls above mentioned; be it declared arid further engdled by the authority aforefaid, That if'any folicitor, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, liable to any of the rates or duties hereby impofed on certificates, (hall refide in any of the inns of court, or in the cities of London or Wefiminjler, or the borough of Southwark, the pari(h of Saint Pancras, or Saint Mary le Bone, or within the bills of mortality, or within the city of Edinburgh, for the fpace of forty clays, or-more, in any one year, every fuch folicitor, attorney, notary, prodlor, agent, or procurator, (hall be deemed to be refident within the limits lafl mentioned, within the true intent and meaning of this adt, and (hall be liable to the higher duties by- this adt impofed on certificates, for and during fuch time as he (ball continue to be fo refident for the fpace of forty clays, or more, in each year, notwithftanding fuch folicitor, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, (hall or may* at other times in each fuch year, refide elfewhere without the limits laft aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further, enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, every perfon who (hall, in his own name, or in the name of any other perfon or perfons, fue out any writ or procefs, or commence, profecute, carry on, or defend any addon or fuit, or any proceedings as a folicitor, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, in any of the courts aforefaid, for or in expectation of any gain, fee, or reward, without having obtained fuch certificate, in fuch manner as herein-before is diredled, or (hall deliver in to the refpedtive officers appointed by this adl, any falfe or fidtirious place of refidence, with intent to evade the payment of the higher duties, in and by this adt impofed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of thjs adl, every fuch perfon, for every fuch offence, Jfhall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is diredled;. and (hall be, and is hereby made incapable to maintain or profecute, any adtion or fuit, in any court of law or equity, for the recovery of any fee, reward, cr diihurfements, on account of profecuting, carrying on, or defending any fuch action, fuit, or proceeding.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by|pe authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid firft day of AS?-

vembery

Hosted by Google

1785*] Anno vicefimo quinto Georg 11 III. e. 80.	,	373

vember, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, it fhaiK Perfonf? hav-and may be lawful for any perfon, having duly obtained a cer-certificate^1^ tificate in the manner herein-before direded, to fue out any may a& for writ or prOcefs, or commence, profecute, or defend any adion others who or fuit, or any proceeding in an.y of the courts aforefaid, iri the have alfo name and by and with the con lent of any other folicitor, attor- taken thern ney, notary, prodor, agent, or procurator of fuch court, in °ut'

• writing firft had and obtained, and figned by him in like manner as he might have lawfully done before the making of this ad, provided that fuch folicitor, attorney, notary, prodor, agent, or procurator, in whofe name fuch proceedings ihall be inftituted, commenced, or carried on, fhall alfo have firft duly obtained a certificate out of the court wherein he is fworn, admitted, enrolled, or regiftered, in manner as herein-before is directed; or, in default thereof, every fuch folicitor, attorney, notary, prodor, agent, or procurator, fhall be fubjed and liable to the like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and incapacities^ as any other folicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator* is by this ad made fubjed and liable to.

IX.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded by the

authority aforefiaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Perfon under perfon, duly fworn, admitted, enrolled, or regiftered a folicitor, one certifi-attorney, notary, prodor, agent, or procurator, in any two or	other

more of the faid courts refpedtively, under a proper certificate courtin which obtained from either of the faid courts, in fuch manner as he is fworn, herein-before is direded, to commence, carry on, profecute, fo- etc*

licit, or defend any adion or fuit, or any proceedings in any of the fifid other courts in which he is fo fworn, admitted, enrolled, pr regiftered, although, fuch certificate fhall or may not have iflued from fuch other court; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

X.	And whereas the adi for the better regulation of atforni.es and

folicitors doth not extend to the jwearing, admiffion, or enrolment of the fix clerks of the court	chancery, or the fworn clerks in their

office, or the waiting clerks belonging to the faid fix clerks, or the our filtersof the faid courts or of the clerks of the petty bag office, or of the. clerks of the king's coroner and attorney in the court of king's bench, or of the filazers of the fame court, or of the filazers \ of the court of common, pleas at Weftminfter, or of the attornies of

the court of the duchy chamber ^ Lancafter, or of the attornies of the ,court of exchequer at Chefter, or of the attornies of the courts of the lord mayor and Jheriffs of London refpediively, or of the attornies or clerks of the offices of the king's remembrancertreafurer's remem* ■ brancer^ pipe, or office of pleas in. the court of exchequer at Wefl> minder, for the time beings or of thefolicitor s of the treafury, cuf* tomSs excife, pofi- office^ fait or Jlamp-duties, or of any other branches of his Majefiys revenue for the time beings or of the folicitor s of the city of London for the time beings or of the ajfifiant to the counfel for the affairs of the admiralty and navy; but that the faid clerks,

(urfitofSy filazers, attornies, and folicitor s refpediively^ may be fworn, qdmittidy enrolled^ and pradlife in their rejpeflive courts and offices^

JES b 3	according

Hosted by Google



The fix clerks, etc. are tp quality them-felves for a<£t? ing in the fame manner aa attornies, etc.

Clerk8 of . courts, etc. acting without enrollment and certificates, liable to penalties.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georg li III. c. 80.	[1785.

according to the ufage and cujlom of thofe courts and offices refpec-lively; and whereas it is expedient to extend the provijion.s of this ' aft to fuck clerks, curfit or s, fiInzer s, attornies, and folicitors, (except as herein-after excepted) \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, no fuch clerk, curfitor, filazer, attorney, or folicitor, (hall be permitted, in his own name, or in the name of any other perfon, to fue out any writ or procefs, or commence, profecute, carry on, or defend any action or fuit, or any proceedings, in any of the courts aforefaid, for or in expectation of any gain, fee, or reward, as a folicitor or attorney, (except as herein-after menti-pned), unlefs fuch clerk, curfitor, filazer, attorney, and folicitor (hall, for the purpofes of this act, caufe his name to be enrolled in the court in which he is fuch clerk, curfitor, filazer, attorney, or folicitor, as aforefaid, or in the refpective court in which he (hall fo commence, profecute, carry on, or defend any fuch fuit, action, profecution, or other proceeding, as fuch folicitor or attorney, with the proper officer appointed to enroll fworn folicitors or attornies therein, (and every fuch officer is hereby required to enroll the fame accordingly); and (hall annually, during fuch time as he (hall continue to pra&ife as & folicitor or attorney, in manner aforefaid, obtain a certificate, marked and damped with the proper mark or ftamp, according to the place of his refidetice, in like manner as is here*? in-befpre dire&ed with refpedf to fworn attornies and folicitors, under pain that every fuch clerk, curfitor, filazer, attorney, or folicitor in the faid refpedtive courts or offices, offending therein, (hall be fubjedt and liable to the like pains, penal* ties, forfeitures, and incapacities as aforefaid.

XL And whereas it is alfo expedient to extend the provifions of this aft to all fuch other officers or clerks of the refpeftive courts afore-faid, who maybe refpeftively ■ intitle d to carry on, agent, managet, folicit, or defend any aft ion, fuit, profecution, or other proceedings, in the court whereof he is fuch officer or clerk, under or by virtue of his office or appointment; be it therefore further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Thar, from and after the faid firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, no officer or clerk of any of the courts aforefaid, (except as herein-after excepted) (hall be permitted, in his own name, or in the name of any other perfon, to fue out any writ or procefs, or to commence, profecute, carry on, agent, manage, folicit, or defend any action or fuit, profecution, pr other proceedings, iq any of the courts aforefaid, for or in expectation of any gain, fee, pr reward, as a folicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, unlefs fuch officer or clerk (hall, for the purpofes of this a£t, caufe his name to be enrolled or regiftered in thfe court in which he is fuch officer or clerk as aforefaid, or in the 4-efpe6tive court in which he lhall fo commence, profecute, carry on, agent, manage, folicit, or defend any fuch atftion, fuit, profecution, or other proceeding, as fuch joficitor, attorney,"

notary^

Hosted by Google

1785-] Anno vicefimo quinto GeorGII ll\, C. 80."	375

notary, pro&or, agent, or procurator, with the proper officer appointed to enroll or regifter folicitors, attornies, proctors, agents, or procurators therein, (and every fuch officer is hereby required to enroll or regifter the fame accordingly) ; and (hall annually, during fuch time as he (hall continue to act in manner aforefaid, obtain a certificate, marked or ftamped with the proper mark or ftamp according to the place of his refidence, in like manner as is herein-before directed with refpect to fworn attornies and folicitors, under pain that every fuch officer or clerk of any of the courts aforefaid offending therein, (hall be fubject and liable to the like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and incapacities, as aforefaid.

XII.	Provided always-, and be it further enacted by the au* Officers or thority aforefaid. That nothing in this act contained (hall ex- clerks in tend, or be conftrued to extend, to fubject to the payment of abl^wkhland the feveral duties of five pounds or three pounds, hereby im- tax are ex-pofed, any officer or clerk of any of the courts aforefaid, who empted from is now, or at any time (hall be charged with the payment of dut*c^if ap* land tax* in refpect of his office or appointment in fuch court, ^y°ffiCia y for or by reafon of his being employed in the conduct, care, or management of any action, fuit, profecution, or other proceeding therein, relating to or concerning the bufinefs of his office

or appointment only, and wherein fuch officer or clerk (hall not be alfo retained or employed by the party or parties to fuch action, fuit, profecution, or other proceeding, or by any foli-citor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, for or in expectation of any fee or reward, over and above the fee or reward therefore due and payable to fuch officer or clerk, in re* fpect of his office or appointment in fuch court.

XIII.	And, in order to make fuitable provifions for tfe due payment of the duties by this aft impofed, in refpeft of warrantj, mandates, and authorities, to fue or defend as aforefaid; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and affer the ^ ftamped faid firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and to^^ive^to eighty-five, no folicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or the proper of procurator, (hall be permitted to fue out any writ or procefs, or ficerof the to commence, profecute, or carry on any fuit, action, or any names of the profecution, or other proceedings whatfoever, in any of the

courts aforefaid, or to defend or appear for any defendant in any 0n.	'

fuit or action, profecution, or other proceedings, in any of the courts aforefaid* for or in expectation of any gain, fee, or reward, by virtue or fn refpect of any warrant, mandate, or authority (whether the fame be verbal or in writing) which (hall be given to him for that purpofe, unlefs fuch folicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, in every fuch action, fuit, profecution, or other proceeding, (hall have delivered, or caufed to be be delivered, to the proper officer, or his deputy, hereby appointed for the receipt and entry thereof, a memo* randum or minute, duly ftamped in purfuancS of this act, of fuch his warrant, mandate, or authority, containing the names q( the refpe<tive parties profecuting and defending the fuit, ac«*

6 b 4	tion.

Hosted by Google

37&'	Anno	vicefimo	qainto GeoEgii III. c. So. [1785,

tmn, prpfecution, or other proceedings, and of the court ip which the fame (hall be commenced, and alfo the name of th$ folicitbr, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, im?

’	mediately	retained to profecute, carry on, or defend the fame,

to be entered or filed of record, as herein-after directed; which memorandum or minute (fiall and may be made out according to the form of the fchedule hereunto annexed, (mutatis .mutandis.)

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Stamped me- That in all cafes where any precipe (except a precipe for any irtorandumsto original writ ifluing out of the faid court of chancery) is or (hall delivered required by the rules or pradlice of any of the courts afore-as ufed tb re- t0 delivered, filed, or entered of record, with the pro-quire preci- Per clerk or officer previous to the figning or iffuiog any fuch pes.	original or other writ, precept, citatipn, or monition, or other

firft procefs, for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon the commence^ ment of any fuch fuit or action, or any profecution, or other v	proceedings	whatfoever,	in	any	fuch	court,	it (hall and may be

lawful for every fuch folicitor, attorney, notary, projflor, agent,

. or procurator, to deliver in to every fuch clerk, or officer the memorandum or minute hereby required to be (lamped, and to infert therein the nature and denomination of the procefs required to be figned or iffiied, and the return thereof, in fuch manner as heretofore hath been ufed in fuch courts with re-fpecl to fuch precipes as aforefaid $ and that every fuch memo-* randurn or minute, fo (lamped and delivered, in as herein is above directed, (hall be, and be deemed and adjudged to be, as valid and effectual an authority in law, for the figning or if-r fuing any fuch writ, precept, citation, or monition, or other firft procefs aforefaid, by any fuch clerk or officer, as if the precipe heretofore ufed in fuch courts had been delivered in to the proper clerk or officer as aforefaid ; any law, ufage, or cuftom, or any thing in this a£t contained, to the contrary thereof not-yvithftanding.

XV,	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Officers who That, from and after the faid firft day of November, one thou-receive ft amp-	feven })undred and eighty-five, the refpedlive clerks and

td memoran- ~	r	xv Y .•	, r- n ,,

«iums are to officers, or their refpeeuve deputies, to whom it mall appertain, hie the fame, or who fhall be entrufted or appointed to fign or iffue any original or oilier writ, precept, citation, monition, or other firft. procefs, for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon the commencement of any fuit or aeftion, or any profecution or other proceedings whatfoever, in any of the courts aforefaid, or to enter, file, or record, any bail, appearance, admiffion, or other a<ft, matter or thing, to be firft done in the defending or appearing for the defendant or defendants in any fuch a6lian, fuit, profecution, or other proceedings, in apy of the courts aforefaid, (hall, and they are hereby relpedtively required, from time to time, to receive, and forthwith enter, or file of record, every fuch memorandum or minute, which (hall be delivered to them refpedfively, by or in the name of any folicitor, attorney, no-

Hosted by Google

1785.3 Anno vicefimo qulnto Georgii III. c* 80.	377

tary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, in the faid refpedtive court of fuch clerk or officer, and marked or damped with the mark or damp denoting the rate or duty payable thereon purfuant to the dire&ions in this adf, and (hall fign thereon the day of the month and year^on which fuch memorandum or minute (hall have been delivered, to be entered or filed of record as aforefaid, to which entries or files, in the faid courts refpedtively, all perfons fhall and may have free accefs, at feafonable times, without fee or reward; and every fuch clerk or officer, or his refpedtive deputy, neglecting the due performance of his office in the premifes, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay on penalty of. the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein- 50 * after mentioned.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* Perfons not

That, from and after the faid firft day of November, one thou- acting con-fand feven hundred and eighty-five, every perfon who (hall fue	*

out any writ or procefs, or commence, carry on, manage, fejt	.

agent, folicit, or defend, any action, fuit, profecution, or other proceedings, except as herein-after mentioned, in any of the

courts aforefaid, without having delivered to the proper officer, to be entered or filed of record, the memorandum or minute of his warrant, mandate, or authority, marked or damped in fuch manner as by this a£t is directed, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That no adtion, fuit, profecution, or other proceedings, in any ^proceed*

of the courts aforefaid, (hall be (laid, nor any judgement, fen- though the

tence, or decree thereon reverfed, for or by reafon of any omif- memoran-

(ion or defedt in the entering or filing of record the memoran- dums fhould

dum or minute herein-before directed, but the refpedtive courts noJ ba^e been n ..	% r	1	1	r	entered or

(hall proceed, as far as concerns or relates to the party or par-

fies to the faid adtion, fuit, profecution, or other proceeding

depending therein, as if fuch memorandum or minute was in

due manner entered or filed of record.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That nothing in this adl contained (hall extend, or be conftrued ^£rts*of to extend, to refcind, change, or alter, any of the rules, or the jaWj etc< witjj practice of any of the courts aforefaid, heretofore ufed, relative regard to en-to the enteri ng or filing of record, by any folicitor, attorney, tering of renotary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, any warrants of attorney, Kiel's appearances, or proxies, or any admiffions, to fue or' defend the judges cither for the plaintiffs or defendants, in any caufe or adtion think fit. depending therein, but that the rules and pradtice of the refpec-tive courts aforefaid relating thereto (hall continue to be put ia force, and ufed as heretofore, unlefs the judge or judges of thofe courts respectively (hall think it fit or neceffary to refcind, qlter, or amend the fame; and the faid judge or judges of the Several courts aforefaid, (hall and may, and are hereby authored and required, from time to time, to make fuch rules and grders in their refpedtive ^ourts, and do fuch other matters and >	’	things.

Hosted

by Google

Anno vicefimo qulnto GeorOii III. c. 80. [1785.

things, for the better fecuring the faid feveral rates and duties ,in and by this a& impofed* as (hall be lawful and reafonable in that behalf.	/

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the au-A ftatnped thority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid firft day of No-memorandum vernber, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, in all cafes °f attorney t w*iere any defendant or defendants (hall, before appearance, be delivered ° con*€fs any a&iQn or fuit in any of the courts aforefaid, or (hall previous to execute any warrant of attorney to acknowledge judgement by entering up Nildieit non fum informatus, or otherwife, the attorney who ftiall judgement, enter up any judgement thereupon, ftiall previoufly deliver, or

eaufe to be delivered, to the proper officer, a memorandum or minute of fuch Cognovit Aftionem^ or warrant of attorney, fiamp-ed as herein before is directed, in the like manner, and according to the form above prefcribed, under pain that he (hall for-*n pen;tlty of felt and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter direded.	/

XX.	And whereas it is the intent and meaning of this aft that the feveral rates and duties, in and by this aft impofed, Jhall be borne and paid by therefpeftivefoliciiors, attornies, notaries, proftors, agents, or procurators, immediately retained or employed by the refpeftive party ' or parties, and Jhall in no wife be charged or impofed, in the whole or in part, upon their refpeftive clients: for the prevention

Hone of the of fuch charges, be it therefore ena&ed. That it (hall not be duties to be lawful for any folicitor, attorney, notary, proper, agent, or pro-efieats t0 curator, liable to the refpeftive duties hereby impofed, who 1 V * (hall be retained by any perfon or perfons to profecute, carry on, manage, fclicit, agent, or defend, any a&ion or fuit, or any profecution or other proceedings in any of the courts aforefaid, directly or indirectly, to claim, demand, or receive, from the 7 party or parties aforefajd, or, under any pretence whatsoever, to infert in any bill of fees or charges, or dilburfements charged upon the party or parties aforefaid, any fum of money what-foever for or in refpeCt of the payment of the rates or duties aforefaid; but that it ftiall and may be lawful, upon application of the party or parties charged therewith, or of any other perform in that behalf authorised, unto any of the faid courts refpec-lively, in which fuch a<3ion or fuit, profecution, or other proceedings, (hall have been tranfaCled, to refer the faid bill or demand to be taxed or fettled by file proper officer of fuch court, in fuch manner as is by law ordained or pradifed in fuch court refpeClively, for the taxation and fettlement of fuch bills and demands; and if, upon the faid taxation and fettlement it ftiall be found that fuch folicitor, attorney, notary, proCtor, agent, or procurator, fhall have charged, or received from the party or parties aforefaid, any fum of money whatfoever contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a<5i, then and in fuch cafe hie faid charge.or demand fhall be difallowed and ftruck out of fuch bill; or if the fame ftiall have been paid, the faid folicitor, attorney, notary, pro<5tor, agent, or procurator refpe&ively, (haft refund arid pay unto the party and parties intitkd. thereto, or

■ ~

Hosted by Google

e79

1785.] Anno vicefimo quinto Ge ^RGII ITI. C* 80.

to any other perfon or perfons duly authorifed, in fuch manner as the refpedive courts aforefaid fhall dired, all fuch money as the faid officer (hall certify to have been fo overcharged or paid ; and in every fuch cafe (hall alfo be liable to the cofts of the faid taxation, to be afcertained at the difcretion of the refpedive courts aforefaid.

XXI.	Provided always, That in any fuit or adion, profecu- Perfons not tion, or other proceedings, in any of the courts aforefaid, if the immediately perfon by whom any memorandum or minute fhall have been thePparties * delivered to be entered or filed of record as aforefaid, and by may charge whom the duty payable thereon (hall have been paid, (hall not the duties to be immediately retained or employed by the party or parties Mhom'** profecuting or defending the faid fuit or adion, profecution, or theyaSt. other proceedings, but fhall a<St therein for and on the behalf

of the folicitor, attorney, notary, prodor, agent, or procurator, fo immediately retained and employed, it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch perfon to charge and place to the account of the folicitor, attorney, notary, prodor, agent, or procurator, fo immediately retained and employed as aforefaid, the duty hereby impofed on fuch memorandum or minute fo paid.

XXII.	Provided alfo, That it (hall and may be lawful for Common ap-any folicitor, attorney, notary, prodor, agent, or procurator, pearance or retained or employed to profecute or carry on any fuit or adion, profecution, or other proceedings, for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, entering a in any of the courts aforefaid, to enter or file, or caufe to be memoran-entered or filed, any common appearance, or common bail, for dum.

the defendant or defendants, according to the ftatute in that cafe made and provided, without entering or filing of record any memorandum or minute in that refped for the defendant or defendants, and freed and difcharged from the rates and duties hereby impofed thereon, in fuch manner as might have been done before the paffing of this ad; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That no folicitor, After appear-attorney, notary, prodor, agent, or procurator, for any fuch Memorandum defendant or defendants, fhall, in any fuch cafe where an ap- muft be en_ pearance or bail hath been entered or filed according to the fta- tered before tute, plead or carry on any further proceedings for any fuchde- any further fendant or defendants, in any fuch fuit, adion, or profecution, proceedings, until the memorandum or minute, damped as aforefaid, of a

warrant, mandate, or authority to defend, fhall have been delivered to the proper officer, to be entered or filed of record acr cording to the diredions of the ad; and if any fuch folicitor,

-attorney, notary, prodor, agent, or procurator for any fuch defendant or defendants, after fuch appearance or bail hath been entered or filed, according to the ffatute as afprefaid, fhall plead of carry on any further proceedings for any fuch defendant or defendants, in any fuch fuit, adion, or profecution, without having entered or filed of record the memorandum or minute of his warrant, mandate, or authority to defend, marked or ftamped in fuch manner ashy this ad is direded* every fuch *’ * * * M ‘	a	f	folicitpr,

Hosted by Google

3So

Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGH III. c. So. [ 1785.

Iblicitor, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, fhall on penalty of forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and 5*.	applied as herein-after is directed.

If a defend- XXIV. Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That in every ac-ant is added tion, fuit, profecution, or other proceeding, had or commenced increment of *n an/ l^e courts afore fa id, according to the diredlions of this an action-f a	adt, where any perfon or perfons (hall, under or by virtue of

i>ew memo- any rule or order of fuch court refpedtively, be added as a de* randum isnot fendant or defendants therein, it fhall and may be lawful for necefikry. any f0]ic*ltor^ attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, to fue out the ufual procefs againft fuch perfon or perfons fo added, without delivering, any further or other memorandum or minute, in purfuance of this adt, by ' • •' fpecifying in the precipe to the officer, that the defendant or defendants named therein hath or have been added thereto by rule or order.	<	,

Memorandums to be delivered on putting in bail to tjie / judge’s, clerk;, whp is -to re-r ceive ad. in tbepoupdei) tfce duties.

Judge Yclerks uegleCting to deliver ine-rAorandums,' or defacing the ftamps thereon, for-Icit 501.

Not to expend to any fuit f* r lei's tuan 40s.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for every attorney. tof the faid court of king’s bench, ^wbp foal 1 put in any fpecial’bail before any judge or judges of the f^id court, at the time of putting in thereof, to deliver into and depofit in the hands of the judge’s clerk, before whom fuch bail fhall be fo put in, the memorandum or minute of his warrant, mandate* or autjtvo.rity to defend, marked and ftamped according to the directions of this a 61, which memorandum or minute every fuch clerk is hereby required to receive gratis; and the judge’s clerks, to whom any fuch memorandum or minute fhall be delivered as .aforefaid, fhall, within-fix days after the end of each term, tranfmit and deliver the fame to the; officer appointed to file fpeciai bails in the faid court, to be filed of record ; and the faid officer appointed to file fuch bails fhall, out of the monies paid to fuch officer by the receiver general of the ftamp-duties, according to the directions of this adt, pay and allow to every fuch clerk for the fame, the fum of two-pence for every pound fterling which the duties upon any fuch memorandums or minutes, delivered to be entered or filed of record as aforefaid, fhall amount unto; and in cafe any fuch judge’s clerk fhall neglect to tranfmit and deliver to the officer, appointed, to file fpccial bails in the faid court of king’s bench, all the memoranT bums or minutes.fo depofited in his hands as aforefaid, or fhall wiifully^deface or obliterate,the fame, or the damp or mark directed or allowed to be ufed by this adt, for the purpofe of denoting the duties payable thereon, every fuch judge’s clerk fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied, as herein-after is directed.

XXVI.	Provided always,, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaidy That nothing, in this adt contained fhall extend, or be confirued to extend,--to charge with the payment of the duties hereby impofed, for or in refpedt of any mandate, warrant, of authority, to fue or defend, or any memorandum pr minute thereof, to be entered or filed of record in any adiion,

*'	'	'	‘	*	r

Hosted by Google

*785*] Anno vkefimo quinto GeorGII III. C. 80*	381

fait, profecution, or other proceeding to be had, commenced, profecuted, or defended, in any inferior court, wherein the debt or damages, claimed or demanded, (hall not amount to the fum of forty fhillings of lawful money of Great Britain; but that, in every fuch cafe, it rfhall and may be lawful For the attorney, writer, agent, or procurator, retained or employed to carry on or defend fuch action, fuit, profecution, or other proceeding, to deliver in a memorandum or minute of his warrant, mandate, or authority, in the manner herein after directed, not marked or (tamped with any mark or ftamp denoting the duty impofed by this a6t, and to infert therein the amount of the debt or damages, under forty (hillings, claimed or demanded as aforefaid; and that it (hall not be lawful for,any plaintiff, demandant, or -purfuer, in any fuch a&ion, fuit, profecution, or other proceeding, fo commenced as aforefaid, to fue for or recover other, more or greater debt or damages than lhall be contained and exprefied in fuch memorandum or minute not ftamped as aforefaid.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That nothing A& not to ex-

in this a£t contained (ball extend, or be conftrued to extend, to ten4 fubjeift to the payment of the duties hereby impofed, any per- £is Maidtv^s fon or perfons whatfoever, for or in refpect of any proceedings name, etc. commenced, carried on, profecuted, or^defended, in any of the except where courts aforefaid, upon any indi&ment whatfoever, or upon any private per-information, fuit, writ, or procefs, in the name of his Majefty,	inte~

his heirs or fucceflors, or at the inftance of his Majefty’s attorney general, his Majefty’s advocate of Scotland\ or any other officer or officers legally authorifed to profecute in his Majefty’s

name, or to fue for his Majefty’s intereft, fave and except informations in the nature of Quo Warranto, filed by his Majefty’s coroner and attorney in the court of king’s bench, informations in any courts of equity, at the relation of private perfons, informations wherein any perfon or perfons, other than his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, (hall be intitled to any penalty or forfeiture, or any part thereof; in all which laft mentioned cafes the faid duties (hall be, and are hereby required to be paid, as in cafes between party and party, according to the directions of this act.

XXVIII.	And, for the encouragement of the refpective clerks Sixpence in and officers, by this a6t intruded to enter and file of record the the pound on memorandums or minutes hereby required to be ftamped as the duties for aforefaid, to be attentive and vigilant in the execution of this memoran-a<t, and as a compenfation for their trouble; be it further enact- dums to he ed by the authority aforefaid. That the receiver general for the Paic* to the time being of the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, and clcrks* paper, or feme perfon employed by order from the commiffion-

ers of the, faid duties, fliail from time to time take an account of the number of the memorandums or minutes entered or filed of record in the feveral and refpedlive courts and offices aforefaid, and of the amount of the refpedtive duties paid and payable thereon, and (hall from time to time pay and allow to the

refpective

Hosted by Google

38a

Howpenalties are to be recovered*

Per fons counterfeiting any ftamp, or felling vellum, etc. with counterfeit marks, guilty of felony.

Provifions of former ads relating to Ramp-duties extended to this act.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8o. C17^5-v

refpedive clerks and officers aforefaid, the fam of fixpence for' every: pound fterii ng which the duties upon any fuch memorandums or minutes, entered or filed of record, and produced as aforefaid, (hall amount unto.

XXIX* And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all pecuniary penalties, impofed on any perfon or perfons for offences committed againft this ad, (hall and may be fued for and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflminjler, for offences committed in that part of Great Bri-tain, called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Hweed, and in his Majefty’s court of feflions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by"action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protedion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed, and wherein the plaintiff, if he or (he (hall recover any penalty or penalties, (hall recover the fame for his or her own ufe, with full cods of fuit.

XXX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon (hall counterfeit or forge any feal, damp, or mark, diredted or allowed to be ufed by this ad, for the pur* pofe of denoting the duties by this ad granted, or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of the fame, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, of any of the faid duties5 or (hall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with fuch counterfeit mark or damp thereupon, knowing fuch mark or damp to be counterfeit; or if any perfon (hall privately or fraudulently ufe any feal, damp, or mark, direded or allowed to be ufed by this ad, with intentf to defraud his Majedy, his heirs and fucceffors, of any of the faid duties; every perfon fo offending* and being thereof convided, : (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy*

XXXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, and all other matters and things, prefcribed or appointed by any former ad or ads of^parliament relating to the damp-duties an vellum, parchment, and paper, (hall be in full force and effed with relation to the rates and duties hereby impofed, and (hall be ap. plied and put in execution for the railing, levying, colleding, and fecuring the faid new rates and duties hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feverally and respectively been hereby enaded with relation to the faid new rates and'duties hereby impofed.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afofefaid. That the feveral duties hereirt-before granted (hall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for the^ time being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who (hall keep a feparate and diftind account of the feveral rates and duties, and pay the fame (the neceffary charges.

of

Hosted by Google

17§5. J Anno vicefinn(0 quiftto GeoRGH III. c, 80,	385

of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being dedu&ed). into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the fcparauL. auditor of the fame receipt (hall be provided and kept a book or p books. In which all the monies ariling from the faid feveral rates apd duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered, feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall, together with fuch other rates, duties, and revenues, as (hall be granted by any adt or adls of this feffion of parliament for this purpofe, be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all other charges and ex- Application pences as are dire&ed to be paid and payable purfuant to an a<9:	tllc	duties,

of this prefent feffion of parliament, (intituled, An a ft for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, victualling, and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures.)

XXXIII.	And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if at any time or times it (hall happen that the pro- Deficiencies duce of the feveral duties granted by this adf, together with the !^t: feveral other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in the lad fef- payin^the* fion of parliament for the payment of the feveral and refpe6tive annuities annuities granted by an a St of the lad feffion of parliament, (in- granted by tituled, An aft for raifwg a certain fum of money by way of annul-	qco

ties, and for eftablifloing a lottery); and alfo by another adt, made f and* in the fame feffion, for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy? a 5 Geo.’ 3. c. victualling) and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures; together 32. to be with the feveral other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in this feffion of parliament, for the payment of the annuities filing fund; granted by another adf, made in this feffion of parliament, (in-	9

tituled, An aft for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, victualling) and tranfport bills) and ordnance debentures ), together with the other charges and expences attending the faid refpedlive annuities, to be fatisfied and paid out of the fame, at the end of any or either of the half-yearly days of payment at which the fame are dire&ed by the faid a&s to be paid; then, and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fuch deficiency or deficiencies (hall and may be fupplied out of any of the monies which at any time or times (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furpluffes, exceffes, overplus monies, and other revenues compofing the fund, commonly called, The finking fund, (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular life or ufes by any former a<5t or a<5ts of parliament in that behalf); and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (lial! and may be, from time to time, iffued and applied accord-Ingly; and if at any time or times, before any monies of the faid fund, eftablilhed as aforefaid, (hall be brought into the exchequer as aforefaid, there (hall happen to be a want of money for paying the feveral annuities as aforefaid, which (hall be actually incurred and grpwn due at any of the refpe&ive half-yearly days

for

Hosted by

Google

3$4

And to be replaced out of the firft fup-plies.

Surplus of duties to be re-i'erved for future difpofi-tion of parliament*

Defendants may plead the general ifiue.

and recover treble cofts.

AMt> vkefttfid quinjo GEORGii III. c. 80. fit? $5# for payment of the fame, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the money fo wanted (hall* and may be fupplied out of the monies of the faid finking fund, (except as before excepted), and be ifliied accordingly.	/

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That whatever monies (hall be iffued out of the faid finking fund (hall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament,

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe there (hall be any furplus or remainder of the monies arifingby the faid funds, after the faid feveral and refpedive annuities, granted by the afore-mentioned ad, for raifing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and far efia-'blifbing a lottery, and alfo the annuities granted in refped of the money due for bills payable in the courfe of the navy and victualling offices, and for tranfports, and alfo for ordnance debentures, converted into annuities in purfuance of the faid ads, made in the laft and this prefent feffion of parliament, and all arrears thereof, are fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referv-ed for that purpofe, fuch furplus or remainder (hall, from time to time, be referved in the exchequer for the future difpofition of parliament.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of anyclaufe, matter, or thing, herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall or may plead the general ifiue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdid (ball pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuitcd, then fuch defendant or defendants dial] have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

THE S C H E D U L E,

Stating the Forms to which this a£t refers.

No. i.

Form of the certificates to be granted to folicitorr, altornies, murries* prohors, agentj, and procurators, praftiftng in the feveral courts of law and equity, and eqlefeajlical and other courts in Great Bri-, tain, by the refpeftive officers appointed for that purpofe, (mutatis mutandis.)

7N the court of	[infert	the	name

of the court in which the certificate is obtained] in England, (or Scotland, or Wales*) etcetera, as the cafe may be.)

I.	A.

Hosted by Google

tfBg}1 Anno trfcduno^uinto Gfioftoii Itl. c.&q.

I A. B. r/*rl [or deputy to the chief clerks as the cafe maybe] of the court of kings bench, [or clerk of the warrants in the court of common picas, or as the cafe may other-' wife be], do heteby certify that the above written C. D. who hath this day entered at my office his name and place of refidence as an attorney, [or folicitor, notary, proftor, agents or procurator^ as the cafe may be], praftifing in town, [or in the country, as the cafe may require], in purfuance of an aft parliament, pajfed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his Majejiy King George, the Third, for granting certain duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitor s, attornies, notaries, proctors, agents, or procurators, is duly enrolled (or admitted, or re-gijlered, as the cafe may require) an attorney [or folicitor, notary, proftor, agent, or procurator, as the cafe may be] in this court• In witnefs whereof, I have this day of in the	year	of	the	reign of	let	my	hand	here-

unto, (the fame being firfl duly Jlamped according to the place of refidence of the faid C. D. herein above written.)

A% Bs

No. 2.

Form of the memorandum or minute to fue or defend, to be entered in the refpeftive courts, or filed of record.

IN the court of	[infert	the	name	of	the	court

in which the proceedings are to be carried on] in England, (or Scotland, or Wales, etcetera, as the cafe may be.)

Middlefex. 1 A. B. is retained to profecute by C. D. as his at-To wit. j torney [or folicitor, notary, proftor, agent, ox prom* No. ^ rator, as the cafe may be] agdinft E. F. [or otheif-(on the File.) wife, as the cafe may be,]

A. B. plaintiffs attorney, [if by an agent to the folicitor, etcetera, immediately retained* add] by G. H. bis agent.

Entered or filed of record (as the cafe may require), this day of	in	the	year	of	the	reign	of

[officer’s name.]

No. 3.

The	like form for the defendant's	, mutatis mutandis*

. IN the court of	[infert	the	name	of	the	court,

as before].

Middlefex. 7 I. K. is retained to defend by E. F. as his	*

To wit. 3 at the fuit of A. B.

I. K. defendant's	[if	by	an	agent*

add] by L. M. agent.

Entered or filed of	record, this day	of

in the	year	of	the	reign	of

[officer’s name;]

Vei. XXXV.

No. 4,'

Hosted by

Google.

Cc

-S&6

/

AnnaVicefimo quinto Georgij III. c. 8 r. [1785. No. 4.

Form of the memorandum or minute of a cognovit adionem, or warrant of attorney to enter up or acknowledge judgement, in the refpeftive courts referred to by this aft.

IN the court of	[infert	the name of the

court, as before],

Middlesex, 7 A. B. is retained to enter up judgement on 0 cognovit To wit. J adionem, (or warrant of attorney to acknowledge judgement, as the cafe may require), dated on the day of	at	the	Juit	of	C. D. againjl E. F.

A. B. attorney, (if by an agent, add\by • G. H. bis agent.

Entered {ox filed of record, as the cafe may require), this day of	in	the	%	year	of	the	reign

of

[officer’s name.]

Preamble.

From Jan. 1, 1786, no tobacco but from America, (except of the growth of Spain or Portugal or of Ireland), to be imported into Great Britain.

CAP. lxxxi.

/

An aft for the better fecuring the duties payable on tobacco.

Wr HE RE AS the many regulations already provided by law to prevent the fraudulent and clandefiine importation of tobacco into the kingdom of Great Britain, and to prevent the relanding of the fame within the faid kingdom, after it has been /hipped for exportation, or exported from the faid kingdom, have been found in-effeftual: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ienaded; and be enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, no tobacco whatfoever (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain (except tobacco of the growth, produdion, or manu-fadure of the plantations or dominions of Spain ox Portugal, imported refpedively in the manner, and under the reftridions and regulations, and paying the fame duties, which fuch tobacco was fubjed and liable to by all and every ad and ads of parliament in force at the time of making this prefent ad; and except tobacco of the growth of Ireland, imported as by law allowed before the making of this ad), other than from fome port or place within his Majefty’s colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America, or from fome port or place within the United States of America, upon pain of forfeiture thereof, together with the package containing the fame, and ajfo the (hip or veflel on board or in which the fame (hall be imported or brought, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel.

II.	And

Hosted by

Google

Anno Vicdiiptji qulnto CeoRGII III. C. ?fr.	387

II. And be it further enaCted, That no tobacco*whatfoever Reftridions (hall be imported or brought into Gnat Britain from any port on importati-or place whatsoever within his Majefty’s laid colonies, plantai-tions, iflands, or territories in America, or, from and after tl^e ca^ firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, from any port or place whatfoever within the faid United States of America, in any (hip or veffel of lefs burthen than feventy tons, and which (hip or veflel is either BritifI) built, or belonging to the United States of America, and navigated in manner following; that is to fay. If a Britifh built (hip, with the mafter and three fourths of the mariners Britijb, and if belonging to the faid United States of America, with the mafter and three fourths of the mariners belonging to the faid United States; and no tobacco, other than of the growth or production of his Majefty’s faid colonies, plantations, iflands, pr territories in America, or of the growth or production of the, faid United States of America, (hall be fo as aforefaid imported or brought -into Great Britain, ^nd (hall not be fo imported other than diredlly from fome port or place in his Majefty’s faid colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America, or in the faid ■United States of America, refpe&ively, and into fome one or other of the ports or places herein-after mentioned in Great ' Britain; that is to fay, London, Briftol, Liverpool', Lancajler,

Cowes, Whitehaven, Hull, Port Glafgow, and Greenock, and no other, upon pain of forfeiture thereof, together with the cafks and package containing the fame : provided neverthelcfs. That American to* if any tobacco of the growth or produce of the faid United baccoimport* States of America (hall, in the fair and lawful way of barter or f^otheWe^ traffick between the people of thofe ftates and the people of his India iflands, Majefty’s iflands in the Weft Indies, or of his Majefty’s colonies may be front or plantations in America, be imported or brought from the thence im* faid United States into any of the faid iflands or plantations, i n ^eafg^itairii a Britifh-built (hip fo navigated as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to export from the faid iflands in the Weft Indies the fame tobacco, and to import itxdireCtly from thence into fome one or other of the faid refpe&ive ports herein-before enume-/ rated in Great Britain, in a Britifh-built (hip or veffel of a burthen not lefs than feventy tons, and fo navigated as before directed, upon the fame duties, and on the fame terms in every refpeCt, as tobacco is allowed to be imported into Great Britain direCtly from fome port or place in his Majefty’s colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America, or diredfly from fome port or place in the faid United States of America; provided fuch tobacco fliall be accompanied with the like documents, and (hall in every refpedt come under the feveral re^ ftriCtions and regulations herein-after direCled and required by this a<5t for tobacco fo to be imported into Great Britain as aforefaid direCtly, either from his Majefty’s faid colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America, or from the faid United States of Amerifa $ and provided, in the manifeft or manifef s,

C c z	or./

Hosted by Go< [e

-388	Anno	vkefimo	quinto	Georgii	III.	c.	$t.	{179$.

or content or contents in writings, accompanying into Great Britain fuch tobacco fo imported from the faid United States as aforefaid into the faid iflands in the Weji Indies, or the faid cor lonies or plantations in North America, and afterwards imported into Great Britain as aforefaid from thence, the, name or names of the feveral and refpedlive veflels which (hall have fo import- * ed fuch tobacco from the laid United States into thofe iflands, colonies, or plantations refpe&ively, and the name or names of the feveral and refpe&ive matters of thofe feveral and refpecftive (hips, (hall be particularly fet forth and fpecified.	,

No tobacco III. And be it further ena&ed, That no tobacco (hall be fo to be import- as aforefaid imported or brought into Great Britain, otherwife calk^&c t*lan *n hog(heads, cafks, chefts, or cafes, each hogfhead, calk, containing cheft, or cafe whereof (hall contain four hundred and fifty 450 pounds pounds weight net of tobacco, at the lead, not packed in bags, * weight. or in any other packages, within fuch hoglhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe, nor feparated or divided, within fuch hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe, refpectively, by any package, or otherwife how-foever, upon forfeiture of all fuch tobacco as (hall be fo imported contrary to this atogether with the hogftieads, calks,

-	chefts, cafes, or other package containing the fame; and the

matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall forfeit.treble the value of the faid tobacco fo forfeited as aforefaid.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed and Tobacco may declared, That nothing in this ad (hall extend, or be conftrued loofefor^he t0 exten^ t0	any tobacco imported or brought loofe in

ufe of the fea- any or ve^U for the ufe of the feamen then belonging to men, &c. at or on board the faid (hip or veflel, or for the ufe of the paflen-the rate of five gers on board fuch fhip or veflel, not exceeding five pounds pounds each. wejgfit for each perfon.	'

Small quanti- V. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That nothing ties of tobac- |n this ad (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent board^veffel ev^ence ^rom being received, in any fuit or information brought without the for the forfeiture of any veflel, for or on account of any tobacco knowledge of imported or brought into Great Britain in fuch (hip or veflel, the matter, jn order to (hew, from the fmallnefs of the quantity of the tQbacco, and other circumftances of the cafe, that the faid tobacco was on board fuch fhip or veflel without the knowledge and privity of the owner, or of the matter, or other perfon having the charge or command thereof, and without any wilful negled or want of reafonable care in the difeharge of the duty of fuch owner, matter, or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel; and in every fuch cafe, where proof (hall be made, from the fmallnefs of the quantity of tobacco, and other circumftances, that fuch fmall quantity was on board without the knowledge, privity, orconfent, either of the hwner, or the matter, or other perfon having the charge or command thereof, and without any wilful negled or want of rea* tenable care, either in theowner* or in the matter* or other perfon

her liable to forfeiture.

• Hosted by Google

i£8$.J Anno vicefimo qdnto GeoRGII IIL c. 8r.'	389

fonr having the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, then* and in every fuch cafe, fuch (hip or veffel (hall not be forfeited for or on account of fuch fmali quantity of tobacco.

VI* And be it further enaCted, That when any fhip or vef- Officers of the fel whatfoever (hall have taken on board tobacco, at any port cuftoms in or place whatfoever within his Majeftv’s colonies, plantations, ^^e^to^be iflands, or territories in America, in order to convey the fame mafter on from thence into Great Britain, the collector and comptroller, clearing a ma-and two other chief officers employed in the management of nifeft, and the cuftoms, at fuch port or other place where fuch fhip or vef- dupfirate^o fel (hall have taken on board tobacco, (hall, at and upon the the commif-clearing of every fuch (hip or veffel by the proper officers of fioners of the the cuftoms .^appointed for that purpofe, deliver to the mafter, cuftoms in or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of Great Britain, fuch (hip or veffel, a manifeft or content in writing, under their hands and feals of office, which faid manifeft or content (hall contain the name of the port or place where fuch tobacco, in fuch manifeft or content mentioned, (hall have been fo taken on board, the name of the (hip or veffel fo taking the fame on board, and the tonnage thereof, and a true account of all the tobacco fo laden on board fuch (hip or veffel, with the number of hoglheads, cafks, chefts, and cafes qontaining the fame, and the particular weight of the tobacco contained in each particular hogftiead, caik, cheft, and cafe, together with the marks and numbers fet on each and every hogftiead, calk, cheft, or cafe thereof, with the care of each particular hogfhead, calk, cheft, or cafe in which fuch tobacco (hall be contained; which faid particular weight of the tobacco and tare, refpe&ively, (hall alfo be marked on each and every fuch hogftiead, ca(k, cheft, or cafe refpe&ively; and fuch officers as aforefaid (hall alfo, at and upon the clearing of every fuch fhip or veffel as aforefaid, immediately tranfmit a duplicate or duplicates of fuch manifeft or content to the refpe&ive commifftoners of the cuftoms in Great Britain; and if any colleger, comptroller, or other chief officer or officers of the cuftoms, at any fuch port or place, (hall, at and upon the clearing of any fuch (hip or veffel having tobacco on board as aforefaid, negled or refufe to deliver to the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any fuch (hip or veffel, fuch manifeft or content as is hereinbefore dire&ed, or fhall not as herein-before directed, tranfmit a duplicate or duplicates of fuch manifeft or content to the faid refpeeftive commiffioners of the cuftoms in Great Britain refpec-tively as aforefaid, he or they (hall refpechvely forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum of two hundred pounds; or if Penalties on fuch eolle&or, comptroller, or other chief officer or officers, ncgle&of (hall knowingly deliver a falfe or fictitious manifeft or content, duplicate of3 pr tranfmit a falfe or fictitious duplicate or duplicates of any manifeft, and manifeft or content, contrary to the true intent and meaning of on delivery this aCt, he or they (hall refpeCtively forfeit and lofe, for every °r tra"r,nif* fuch offence fo committed, the fum of five hundred pounds ; 0n|!#otatafc and every fuch collector, comptroller, or other chief officer or ' C c 3	officers.

Hosted by Google

39<*	Anna vicfcfimo quinta Georgu III* c. 8 i. [17-85!

officers, upon being duly convidfed of knowingly delivering ar . falfe or fidhtious manifeft or content, or transmitting a falfe or fictitious duplicate or duplicates, as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and .s lofe his employment, and from thenceforth be rendered inca* pable of ferving his Majefty in any place or truft whatfoever.

No tobacco of VII. And be it further enabled. That no tobacco of the the growth of growth or produdtion of the United States of America, except ftateftoTe030 to^acco as be water-borne before the faid firft day of imported January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-ftx, (hall be without a ma- imported or brought into Great Britain from the faid United nifeft fworn States, in any (hip or velfel whatfoever, unlefs the matter, or.

ol^er Perf°n havmg or taking the charge or command of every veflel.	(hip or veflel importing fuch tobacco, (hall have on board a

manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing, made out and figned by fuch matter or other perfon, on or before the clearing of every fuch (hip or veflel, at all and each and every of the ports or places within the faid United States where fuch tobacco (hall be laden on board, containing the name or names of the feveral and refpedtive ports or places where the tobacco in fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents mentioned, (hall have been fo refpedtively laden on board, the name of the /hip or veflel in which the tobacco (hall be fo laden, and the tonnage thereof, with the feveral other particulars before diredfed and required by this adt to be delivered by the collector and comptroller, or two other chief officers of his Ma-jefty’s cuftoms, at the ports or places in his Majefty’s faid colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America, to the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any /hip or veflel cleared out from thence laden with tobacco, to be imported from thence into Great Britain as aforefaid; upon which faid manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing, fo to accompany tobacco imported into Great Britain from the faid United States, there (hall be indorfed the oath of the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of the (hip or veflel fo laden as aforefaid with tobacco in the faid United States, teftifying the truth thereof, and fworn to by the faid matter or other perfon, on or before the clearing as aforefaid of fuch (hip or veflel in the faid United States, before the Britijh conful, if there (hall be any one then refident at or near to the port or place where fuch tobacco (hall be fo laden, or before fome magiftrate or publick officer refid-ing at or near to fuch place, if there be not any Britijh conful /here.

Penalty on VIII. And be it further enadted, That if any tobacco (hall' important imported or brought as aforefaid into Great Britainin any withoutama- or ve^e^ whatfoever, from any port or place within his nifeft.	Majefty’s	colonies,	plantations, iflands, or territories in America,

or from any port or place within the United States of America* without fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing, as before diredled, all fuch tobacco fo imported or brought into Great Brit^iny (hall be fuhjeft and. liable to the

fam$

Hosted by Google

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81.	391

fame duties as tobacco of the growth of the Spanijb or Portu-guefe plantations; and the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That every matter, or other Manifefttobe perfon having or taking the charge or command of any (hip or produced to veflel, in which any tobacco (hall be fo imported or brought as c^ftoms°ofthe aforefaid into any of the feveral and refpe&ive ports in Great °^lt° Britain herein-before enumerated, either from any port or place where a (hip Within his Majefty’s faid colonies, plantations, iflands, or terri- arrives, tories in America, or from any port or place within the faid"

United States of America, (hall, upon demand, produce all and every fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing, which fuch matter or other perfon is before directed and required by this a& to have on board his faid (hip or veflel, to all and every officer and officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms who (hall come on board his faid (hip or veflel, upon the arrival of fuch fhip or veflel 3s aforefaid within the limits of any fuch port, for his or their perufal, examination, and infpedtion thereof ; which faid feveral officers, to whom the fame (hall have been fo produced, (hall certify, upon the back thereof, the production of the fame; and the faid matter, or other perfon fo	.

having or taking the charge or command of any fuch (hip or veflel as aforefaid, (hall not only produce to the officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms who (hall firft come on board fuch (hip or veflel, upon her arrival as aforefaid within any of the faid ports in Great Britain herein-before enumerated, fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing as aforefaid, but (hall give and deliver to him or them a true copy or Copiesofma-copies thereof (fuch copy or copies to be provided by and at to be the expence of the faid mafter or other perfon) ; the production officerofthe of which faid manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in cuftoms, in writing, and the receipt of fuch copy or copies thereof as before order to be directed, (hall be certified by the faid officer or officers of his entered at the Majefty’s cuftoms, who (hall fo firft as aforefaid come on board the faid fhip or veflel, to have been fo delivered as aforefaid, upon the back of the faid original manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing, with the particular day, and the time when, fuch officer or officers fo received the fame; and fuch officer or officers is and are hereby required, at the next cuftom houfe to the place where he or they (hall have fo received the faid copy or copies of fuch manifeft or manifefts, or . -	«

content or contents in writing as aforefaid, within twenty-four hours after the time he or they (hall have fo received the fame, to make an entry thereof, or caufe the fame to be entered, in a book to be kept for that purpofe at the feveral and refpe&ive cuftom houfes at the faid feveral and refpeClive ports in Great Britain, where fuch tobacco as aforefaid is permitted to be imported and brought; and after the fame (hall have been fp en- Copy after tered as aforefaid, the faid officer or officers who (hall have fo tranfmUted to entered, or caufed the fame to be entered in the faid book a$ the commif-

C c 4	aforefaid,	fioners of cuf-

39?-	Aiina vm&tm qulnto Georgii III. c.Si. [1785^

toms, and the aforefaid, (Kail forthwith tranfmit, or caufe to be tranfmitted, officer to lock the (aid copy or copies of the faid manifeft or manifefts, or

down the -----  -	-	-	v____^	_ r • . r n-	.'•tr*

hatchway 8.

Penalty on not produc

content or contents in writing, to the faid refpe&ive commiflS-oners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Great Britain-, and fuch officer or officers who (hall have fo received fuch copy or copies (hall, s^nd is and are hereby required to batten and lock down the main and other hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place of ftowage in fuch (hip or veffel, and the matter* or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch fhip or veflel, (hall, and is, hereby required to affift, or caufe to be affift-ed, the faid officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, by a (efficient number of the crew of fuch (hip or veffel, in the battening and locking down the faid hatchway or hatchways.

X.	And be it further enaCted, That if the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any (hip

copieTof mox ve^ m which any fuch tobacco (hall be fo imported or pifefts to the brought into Great Britain as aforefaid, (hall not produce fuch officers of the manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing to each cuftoms, and and every the officer and officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms as affifHn lock° aforefaid, upon demand thereof and alfo give fuch copy or co-ing down the pies thereof as aforefaid to the officer or officers of his Majefty’s hatchways, cuftoms, who (hall firft come on board fuch (hip or veffel upon her arrival as aforefaid, within any of the faid ports in Ghat Britain herein-before enumerated, all the tobacco on board fuch (hip or veffel (hall be deemed and taken to be tobacco imported Cr brought into Great Britain without a manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing, as before direded, and (hall be fubjed and liable to the fame duties as tobacco of the growth of the Spanijh or Portuguefe plantations; and the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds, and fuch mafter or other perfon, if he (hall not aid and affift, or caufe to be aided and affifted, the officer or officers of the cuftoms as aforefaid, in battening and locking down the main and other hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place of ftowage as aforefaid, fuch mafter or other perfon (hall likewife forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XI.	And be it further enaCted, That if any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms (hall go on board any (hip or veffel, in which any tobacco (hall be fo imported or brought into Great Britain as aforefaid, and (hall not demand, as aforefaid, the

ynaiufefts,etc, production of the manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing as aforefaid; or in cafe, upon production thereof, fuch officer or officers (hall not certify thereupon the production thereof as aforefaid; or if any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, who (hall firft go on board fuch (hip or veffel within the port of difcharge for any fuch tobacco fo imported or brought into Great Britain as aforefaid, and to whom fuch mapifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing, (hall have been fo produced, and a copy or Copies thereof given or delivered as aforefaid, (hall negleCt or omit to certify the receipt

r	Of

Penalty on officers neglecting to require the pro duction of

Hosted by Google

x7$5»] Anno vi&fimo quinto Georgii III. c#8r.	393

of fuch copy or copies in the manner herein-before directed, or (hall not, within twenty-four hours after the time of receiving fuch copy or copies as aforefaid, (unlefs prevented by fome unavoidable accident or reafonable caufe) enter, or caufe to be entered, fuch copy or copies in the book fo directed to be kept for that purpofe as aforefaid, or (hall not tranfmit the faid copy or copies with all convenient fpeed, and without lofs of time, to the faid refpective commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms iix Great Britain, as herein-before is directed, or (hall negledt or omit to batten and lock down the hatchway and hatchways 3s aforefaid, fuch officer or officers (hall, for each and every fuch offence refpe&ively, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XII.	And be it further ena£ted, That the commiflioners of Commiflion • ' his Majefty’s cuftoms in England, or any four or more of them *r8 of cuftoms for the time being, (hall, and are hereby required to fix and ap-	a

point, or caufe to be fixed and appointed, and from time to time mooring continued, at each and every of the refpe&ive ports in England (hips, till their hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, London, Brijlol, Liver- cargoes are pooly Lancajler, Cowes, Whitehaven, and Hull, a certain place for de lvere * the purpofe of mooring every (hip or veffel, which (hall fo as aforefaid come or arrive within any of thofe refpective ports, laden with tobacco as aforefaid 5 from which place fuch refpe&ive (hips or veffels (hall not, on any pretence' whatfoever, depart, until their refpedtive cargoes of tobacco (hall have been delivered from them in the manner herein-after mentioned, and until fuch (hips or veffels (hall be regularly cleared by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms for that purpofe; and the com-miffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them for the time being, are hereby in like manner authorifed and required to fix and appoint, or caufe to be fixed and appointed, and from time to time continued,at each and every of the faid refpe&ive ports in Scotland herein-after mentioned 5 that is to fay, Greenock or Port Glafgowy a certain place for the purpofe of mooring fuch (hips or veffels as (hall come to or arrive at any of the faid refpedtive ports in Scotland herein-before enumerated ; from which place fuch refpe&ive (hips or veffels (hall not^ on any pretence whatfoever, depart, until their refpedtive cargoes of tobacco (hall have been delivered from them in the manner herein-after mentioned, and until fuch (hips or veffels (hall have been regularly cleared by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms for that purpofe ; and if the mafter of any (hip Penalty on or veffel, having fuch tobacco on board as aforefaid, upon her nonc^P^j,e arrival at any of the before-mentioned ports in England or Scot- reflations of land refpedtively, (hall not forthwith comply with all and every the commif-the directions, requifitions, and regulations, given, required, fionera of the fixed upon, or appointed by the faid refpective commiflioners cuftoma* of the cuftoms, or any four or more of them for the time being, in England, or the commiflioners of the cuftoms, or any three ©r more of them for the time being, in Scotland, by virtue and in purfuance of the authority herein-before given, and the tv.	power

Hosted by Google

394

Penalty on

tjiority from the officer of the cuftoms, unlefs from neceffity.

Affho vic€fim6qulnt6GE<)RGii!n. C. 8i.' [178^ povrdr veiled in fuch commifliotilrs refpedtively, in order to fe-cure the due payment of the duties upon the tobacco fo to be imported or brought into Great Britain, fuch mailer, or Other perfon having the charge or command of fuch .ihip or veflel, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds, unlefs, in the judgement of the faid commiffioners, fuch mailer or other perfon fltall be prevented from fuch compliance by means of any unforefeen or unavoidable accident.

XIII. And be it further enabled, That if, after the arrival breaking bulk of any ihip or veflel fo laden with tobacco as aforefaid* within without au- the limits of any of the* ports of Great Britain, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof, bulk (hall be broken, or any part of the cargo of fuch ihip or veflel (hall be unladed or unihipped, with intention to be laid on land, or unfhipped for any other purpofe whatsoever, out of fuch ihip or veflel as aforefaid, within the limits or diftance aforefaid, before fuch ihip or veflel ihall come to the place appointed for her difeharge, as before dire£l-ed, and ihall be there duly authorized by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms to unlade the fame (unlefs in cafe of unavoidable neceffity and diftrefs of weather, or other unavoidable accident, neceflity, or diftrefs; of which neceffity and diftrefs, or other. unavoidable accident, , the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, ihall give notice; and the faid mailer, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch ihip or veflel, toge-. ther with two or more of the mariners on board fuch ihip or veflel, ihall make proof upon oath, before the colle6lor, or other chief officer of the cuftoms of the port within the Jimits of y^hich fuch accident, neceffity, or diftrefs ihall happen, or before the collector, or other chief officer of the firft port in Great'Britain within the limits of which fuch (hip or veflel ihall afterwards arrive, if the faid accident, neceffity, or diftrefs, ihall have happened not within the limits of any port, but within four leagues of the coaft of Great Britain, (which oath the faid collector, or other chief officer, is hereby authorized and required to adminifter), every fuch ihip or veflel, together with her cargo, and all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, ihall be forfeited and loft, and the faid mailer, or other • perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch ihip, ihall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds; or if the faftenings or locks to the hatchway or hatchways on board any fuch ihip or veflel, or any of them, after having been fo battened and locked down as aforefaid by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms as aforefaid, ihall be broken before the

Penalty on

linfaftenin? 1,18 iVldJc,L,v a tuuull,a aiuicnuu, uicm uc uiua.ch uciuic me. locks without faid ihip’s arrival at her moorings as aforefaid, or before the authority. fame ihall have been opened under the authority of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms as aforefaid, unlefs upon the like proof as before-mentioned of the unavoidable neceffity thereof, made in the manner before diredled in cafe of bulk being broken, or any part of the cargo unladen or unihipped as aforefaid;, tltf matter, or other perfon having or .taking the charges

or

Hosted by Goo<;

\

1785.] Anno Vicdfimd quinto Georgii III. c. 8 u	39^

or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum Of one hundred pounds.

XIV.	And be it further ena<fted? That the mailer, or other Mafter of vef-perfon having or taking the charge or command of any (hip or fel to make . veflel, in which fuch tobacco (hall be fo imported or brought as oat^oTthe aforefaid into Great Britain, (hall, on or before the arrival of burthen, con-fuch (hip or veflel at her moorings as aforefaid, at any one of the tents, etc. faid refpe&ive ports in Great Britain herein-before enumerated, thereof, be-make a juft and true entry, upon oath, of the burthen, con- officerofthe tents, and lading, of fuch (hip or veflel, with the particular cuftoms at the marks, numbers, qualities, and contents, of every parcel of port agreeable goods then laden on board fuch (hip or veflel, to the beft of his to act 1 -Eliz, knowledge and belief, and do and perform every a<5t and thing and 14 Car. in relation thereto, before the cuftomer, colle&or, or other C#II. on * chief officer of the cuftoms of the faid port, openly in the cuf- penalty of tom houfe at the fame port, in the manner and as dire&ed and I0°h; and to required by an a61 paffed'in the firft year of the reign of her late ^anlfett l\in-majefty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for limiting the times dcr like pc-for laying on land merchandize from beyond the feas* and touching nalty for neg* cuftoms for fweet wines; and by an a61 pafled in the thirteenth left.. and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for preventing frauds* and regulating abufes in his MajeJiy s cuftoms, under the penalty of the forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and the faid mafter or other perfon (hall, at the time that he fo makes his report or faid entry upon oath of his (hip at the cuftom houfe as aforefaid, deliver to the colledtor or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the / faid port, the manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing, as before dire&ed to accompany fuch refpe&ive cargoes, and to be on board every (hip or veflel in which tobacco (hall be fo imported or brought as aforefaid into Great Britain * and if the faid mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any fuch fhip or veflel, (hall omit, neg-or refufe, to deliver fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents in writing as aforefaid, to the faid collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms, at the time he fo makes his faid report or entry upon oath of his (hip at the cuftom houfe as aforefaid, every fuch mafter, or other perfon fo having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum one of hundred pounds.

XV.	And be it further enadled, That all and every importer Importers of or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or con-tobacco to fignees, of any tobacco imported or brought into Great Britain as aforefaid, (hall feverally and refpedively, within ten days, mitedtime if the whole or the major part of the lading of the (hip or vef- after arrival fel in which the fame (hall be fo imported or brought be to- at any port bacco, or within fifteen days, if the major part of the lading	the*^

of fuch (hip or veflel (hall confift of other goods, and not of quantity, etc. tobacco, after the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall have or ought to have made his report or faid entry upon oath of his (hip, in ..	manner

fr	Google

and if duties are not forthwith paid, to give bond for payment.

Tabacco imported to be depolited in warehoufes to be fixed upon by the commimpn-ers of the cuftoms.

Anno vi&fimo quinto Georgh tU.‘ a 81, [r 785*

manner hereinbefore directed, make, in the ufual and accuf-toAied manner, with the colle&or or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the port in Great Britain where the faid (hip or veffel (hall arrive fo laden in the whole or in part with tobacco as aforefaid, a due entry in writing of all the tohaceo fo by them, and each and every of them, refpe&ively imported in fuch (hip or veffel, pr of which they, and each and every of them, are the importers, proprietors, and cpnfignpes, refpe&ively* agreeably to the feveral and refpedtive marks, numbers, and: contents, as fpecified in the manifeft or manifefts, content or contents in writing, relative to fuch refpe&ive tobacco, and alfo agreeably to the particulars fet forth in the faid report, or faid entry upon oath, of the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of the (hip or veffel in which fuch tobacco (hall be fo as aforefaid refpecftively imported or brought int& Great Britain; and the faid refpe&ive importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or confignee or confignees, immediately after they have refpe&ively fo duly entered their faid tobacco as aforefaid, with the faid colle&or or other chief officer of the cuftoms as aforefaid, provided he or they do not refpec-tively forthwith pay into the hands of the collector, or other chief officer^f the cuftoms, the feveral fubfidies, cuftoms, duties, and imports, due and payable for the faid tobacco, (hall, and are hereby directed and required, feverally and refpe&ively, to become bound unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, in one or more bond or bonds, in the penalty of double the amount of the duties upon the tobacco fo entered as aforefaid, for payment of the faid fubfidies, cuftoms, duties, and imports, within eighteen months, to commence at and from the expiration of twenty days after the report or faid entry upon oath of the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of the (hip or veffel in which fuch tobacco (hall be fo im-ported or brought as aforefaid, or to commence from the faid entry of fuch tobacco refpe&ively, by the feveral and refpecftive importers, proprietors, or confignees thereof as aforefajd, with^ in thofe twenty days, which ever period of time (hall firft happen 5 which bond or bonds (hall not be given up, cancelled, or difgharged, but upon payment of the refpe&ive duties by fuch bond or bonds fo fecured to be paid, or upon the due exportation of the tobacco, for the payment of the duties upon which fuch bond or bonds are refpectively given, under the reftriflions and regulations herein-after dire&ed.

XVI.	And be it further enadled. That all tobacco which (hall from time to time be fo imported as aforefaid into Great Britain, (hall, upon being landed, be forthwith (jarried and conveyed to, and having been examined, weighed, and dealt with in the manner herein-after dire&ed, be forthwith depofited or lodged in, and fecured at fuch particular warehoufe or ware** houfes as (hall be fixed upon, and from time to time appointed for that purpofe, at the faid feveral ports herein-before enumerate^ within. Great Britain, by.the faid commiffioners of the v	cuftoms*

/	Google

1785.] Annq vicfefitno qulnto Georgii III. c. 8 r.	397

cuftoms, or any four or more of them for the time being, in England, or the faid commiflioners of the cuftoms, or any three or more of them for the time being, in Scotland, refpedtiyely ; and to which faid refpedtive warehoufes, and no other, tobacco, upon being fo landed as aforefaid, (hall be carried or conveyed as aforefaid, under theguard and efpecial care of fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms as (hall from time to time be fixed upon and appointed for that purpofe, under the authority of the faid commifiioners of the cuftoms, or any four or more of them for the time being, in England, or the faid commiflioners of the cuftoms, or any three or more of them for the time being, in Scotland, refpedtively..

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid commifli*- Commiflioo-

oners of the cuftoms, or any four or more of them for the ^arehoufes C time being in England, and the faid commiflioners of the cuf- out of duties toms, or any three or more of them for the time being, in Scot*- ou tobacco. ■ land, refpedtively, are hereby authorifed and impowered, out of	t

any of the fubfidies, cuftoms, duties, or imports, paid by virtue or in purfuance of any adt or adfs of parliament now in

force, upon the importation of tobacco into Great Britain, to provide from time tp time, as they {hall deem requifite and ne-ceflkry for the publick fervrce, and for the fervice of revenue, a warehoufe or warehoufes at each and every of the faid refpedtive enumerated ports; in which warehoufe or warehoufes, and no other, all fuch tobacco, fo as aforefaid imported or brought into Great Britain, (hall be fo depofited, or lodged and fecured as aforefaid.

XVIII,	And be it further enabled. That the landing waiters Landing wa?-. appointed for the delivery of every (hip or veflel fo arriving as ters to apply aforefaid at any of the feveral ports in Great Britain herein-before tors forthe enumerated, from any port or place within his faid Majefty’s entries of im-colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories, in America, or from ported tobac-the faid United States of America, having tobacco on board, (hall, £0, and not upon being fo appointed to fuch (hip or veflel as aforefaid, ap- be landeVtill ply in the ufual manner to the collector of the cuftoms at fuch thev have en-port for the ufual entry or entries made of fuch tobacco, or war- tered the par-rant or warrants of entry, afcertaining the duties upon fuch to- ticulars in bacco either to have been paid or fecured, and for the manifeft o^^ena^tv of or manifefts, or content or contents in writing, accompanying 50ip y tbe/aid tobacco, (who is hereby required and directed to deliver

the fame to fuch landing waiters); and fuch landing waiters are hereby diredted and required not to fuffer any part of the tobacco on board fuch (hip or veflel to be landed until they have, from and agreeably to the manifeft or manifefts, or cdntent or Contents in writing, fo delivered to them by the faid coliedtof, entered into their refpedtive books (given to them by the directions of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, for keeping accounts of goods by them delivered, or fuffered to be delivered, from on board fuch (hips) the feveral and refpedtive entries fo made as aforefaid, and the feveral and refpedtive marks, numbers, weights, taxes, and contents, of the feveral hogsheads,

cafks.

Hosted by Google

*39^	Mmo vicefimoquirito GEORGii lit; €* Ht* [ijtfc

calks, chefts, and Cafes, as defcribed and fet forth in the man?-fed or manifeftsy or content or contents in writing, fo directed Landing wai- as aforefaid, under the penalty of the forfeiture of fifty pounds; theSufuai1V er- an<^ thefaicl landing waiters are hereby directed and required to mit toU?he Cr" 8^ve or deliver to fuch officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftbms officers on as (hall be appointed for that purpofe by the (aid commiffioners board for the of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any four or more of them, in Eng-delivery of land+ for the time being, or the commiffioners of his Majefty’s any o acco. cuftoms fo Scotland, or any three or more of them for the time being, refpe&ively, the ufual and accuftomed order or orders to the officers ftationed on board fuch (hip or veflel, permitting them to fuffer fuch particular hogfheads or other packages of tobacco on board fuch (hip or veffel, particularly defcribed in fuch faid order or orders, to be delivered from on board fuch .	(hip or veflel, in the ufual and accuftomed manner $ and fuch

Regulations officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, to whom fuch order for delivery, or orders (hall be fo delivered as aforefaid, from fuch landing waiters as aforefaid, (hall forthwith repair on board fuch (hip or veflel, and in the prefence of the officers then ftationed on board, and in the prefence likewife of the matter or other per-fon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, if fuch mafter or other perfon be then on board, and thinks proper or chufes to attend, upon being acquainted therewith by the faid officer or officers, open the main and other hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place of ftowage as afore* faid in fuch, (hip or veflel, and bring, or caufe to be brought* upon the deck of fuch (hip or veflel, the feveral hogfheads or other packages of tobacco on board fuch (hip or veflel, particularly mentioned and defcribed in fuch order or orders fo delivered to them as aforefaid by the landing waiters, and affix, or caufe to be affixed, to ea6h and every fuch hoglhead, ca(k, cheff, or cafe of tobacco, fuch mark or impreflion as the faid t	commiffioners of the cuftoms for the time being, in Great Bri-

t	tain, refpe&ively, (hall direct for that purpofe, with the pro- N

greffive number to each and every fuch hogflhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe; and after the faid feveral hogfheads, calks, chefts, andi cafes of tobacco have had fuch mark or impreflion fo affixed to them refpe&ively as aforefaid, the fame is and are hereby di-re&ed and required to be unlhipped into proper craft, and fent up under proper guards, and landed in the ufual manner, and and for con- at the ufual places, and to be condu&ed forthwith under proper ▼eying* the guard, and the care of fuch officers as the faid respective com-the ware-*0 miflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Great Britain (hall re-houfes. fpedtively appoint for that purpofe, to the refpe£tive warehoufe or warehoufes in which the fame tobacco is to be fo depofited; Landing wai- or lodged in and fecured as aforefaid ; and the faid landing waiters to fix ers fo appointed as aforefaid to fuch refpe&ive (hip or veflel, on each^afe,3	and are herebY required, upon the refpedive hogftieads,

etc. and enter cafks, chefts, or cafes of tobacco being fo brought as aforefaid the fame in to the faid refpe&ive warehoufe or warehoufes, and at or near

their books, tke fame to caufe the ufual and accuftomed landing marks, or on penalty of	&	fuch

Hosted by Google

1785.} Anno vicefimo quiffto Georg 11 "III. c. 8 r.	.399

inch other landing marks as (hall be from time to time direded by the faid refpedive commiffioners of the cuftoms in Great Britain as aforefaid, to be fixed and fet upon every hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe whatfoever, containing fuch tobacco fo landed as aforefaid 5 and the faid landing waiters are hereby alfo " required to enter fuch landing, marks in their feveral and refpec-tive books fo given to them as aforefaid from the faid refpedive commiffioners of the cuftoms, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds each; and the faid landing waiters at or near to Landing wa?-the faid warehoufe or warehoufes are then to weigh, or caufe to t£rs to weigh be weighed, the faid feveral and refpedive hoglheads, calks, tbe tofeacco* cherts, or cafes, and to infert as ufual the feveral and refpedive weights in their faid refpedive books; and, in order to prevent difputes between the officers who (hall attend the weighing of fuch tobacco as aforefaid, and the importers, proprietors or con-fignees in regard to the jurtice of the weights to be taken, it is hereby direded, that the weights (hall be as minutely and cor-redly taken as poffible, giving the turn of the fcale in favour of •the crown; but in lieu thereof, and that the merchant may not be aggrieved, the faid officers of the cuftoms are hereby au-thorifed and required to allow to the merchant two pounds Allowance la weight avoirdupois upon every hogfhead, ca(k, cheft, or cafe fo lieu of the refpedively weighed ; which mode, in regard to the turn of the fcale.°f ^ fcale, is hereby direded and required to be obferved particularly, and followed in weighing tobacco for exportation to foreign parts, or on delivery thereof for home trade, as hereinafter mentioned.

'XIX. And be it further enaded, That after the faid hogf- Samples may heads, calks, cherts, or cafes, have been fo weighed as afore- tobacco1 faid, the feveral importers, proprietors, or confignees, or their which has agents, (hall be permitted, in the prefence of the faid refpedive been weighed, landing waiters, to draw or take, for the purpofe of fample only, but muft be out of each hogfhead, calk, cheft, or cafe, fo weighed as afore- retun*e<b faid, as much tobacco as they (hall refpedively require, not exceeding four pounds weight; which faid tobacco, fo taken as, aforefaid by way of fample, (hall be returned by the faid importers, proprietors, or confignees, refpedively, to be weighed together with the refpedive hogfhead, ca(k, cheft, or cafe, out of which fuch fample tobacco hath been fo taken as aforefaid, upon the re-weighing thereof refpedively, either for exportation or for home trade.

XX.	And be it further enaded. That if it (hall be found ne-ceffary by the faid merchants to take a fecond fample of tobacco, take^under it (hall be lawful for them fo to do, provided, at the time of the fame retaking it, the firft be returned and put into the refpedive hogf- ftridions, on head, cafk, cheft, or cafe, out of which it was taken, and pro- of,tlie vided fuch fecond fample be taken in the prefence of the officer or officers of the cuftoms in whofe cuftody the tobacco (hall then be, and provided fuch fecond fample (hall not exceed four pounds weight; which faid fecond fample is hereby direded and

e	required

Hosted by Google

4<)d	Anno	vicefimo quinto Georgii IIL g» 8i. Xl7$5*

required to be returned in order to be weighed, either for exportation or home trade as aforefaid.	-

Landing wai- XXL And be it further enabled, That the1 landing waiters* terstotumifti before they proceed to weigh any of the tobacco fo landed as kee^rsw?th af°re^a^> tliall furnifti the officer or officers of the cuftoms, copies of the who (hall be appointed to the care of the refpedtive warehoufe entries, etc. or warehoufes in which the faid tobacco is to be fo lodged as aforefaid, and in whofe cuftody fuch tobacco is to be fo depofit-ed as aforefaid, with a copy of the feveral and refpe&ive entries, or warrants of entry, for fuch refpe&ive tobacco,- and each and every day after they have fo weighed any of the fame . tobacco, likewife furnilh fuch officer or officers with the landing numbers and weights of each refpe<Stive hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe, fo refpe&ively weighed on that day, which the faid warehoufe officer or officers are hereby directed to enter, or caufe to be entered, in proper books to be kept for that pur-pofe; and as foon as the whole cargo of tobacco of any one re-and with a fpe&ive (hip fhall have been fo landed, weighed, and depofited cheque book in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes refpe&ively as aforefaid, the when the landing waiters appointed to fuch (hip or veflel (hall forthwith is demJfhech furn^ the warehoufe officer or officers with one of their whichafter* faid books fo kept as aforefaid by him or them for the fame examination (hip; and the faid warehoufe officer or officers, after comparing is to be re- the fame with the accounts kept by him or them from the ma-toUielandingter^s with which he or they (hall have been fo furnifhed daily waiter. B as aforefaid by the faid landing waiters, fign the lame book fo left with them as aforefaid by the faid landing waiters, if the faid account of the faid warehoufe officer or officers (hall be found in every refpeft to correfpond therewith, and, sifter fo figning it, return the fame to the fame landing waiters.

Landing wai- XXII. And be it further ena&ed. That the faid landing ters after the waiters (hall, fo foon as conveniently may be after the whole oftfie^cargo) carg° tobacco of any one refpe&ive (hip or veflel (hall have to deliver to* been fo landed, weighed, and depofited in fuch warehoufe or the merchant warehoufes refpedlively as aforefaid, deliver, without fee or re-aa account of ward, to each merchant having tobacco on board fuch refpec-weights of the ^ve or	^	required,	an account from their faid books

hog(head,etc. °f the particular marks and numbers upon the feveral hogf-* heads, calks, chefts, or cafes, containing fuch merchant’s tobacco, refpe&ively, with the particular weights of each fuch hoglhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe, and the particulars of the damage cut off and feparated from the tobacco in each fuch feveral and refpedtive hogfheads, calks, chefts, or cafes.

Damaged to- XXIII. And be it further enabled. That no allowance, bacco to be cither at the fcale, or otherwife, fhall be made to the importer dutyVsrefu- or *raPortersJ proprietor or proprietors, or confignee or con-fed to be paid. fignees, for or in confideration of any fuch tobacco fo imported or brought into Great Britain being damaged or mean; but in cafe any merchant or other perfon lhall refufe to enter, and pay or fecure the duties aforefaid for fuch tobacco, then he or they

(hall

Hosted by Google

t>8^ Anrid vicefirho qulnto GeoRGII lift 8 r.	4afc

(hall have liberty to refofe the fame, or to feparate foch damaged tobacco, by cutting off from the hogfhead or other package fo much thereof,' as he or they (hall reftife to.pay duty for; and the principal officers of his Majefty’s Cuftoms, or any three or more of them^ fhall caufe all fuch tobacco to be burnt or de-ftroyed, without making any allowance to fuch importer, proprietor, or confignee, for freight or other charges, other than the allowances hereafter in this a& provided 5 any lav£ or cuf-tom to the contrary ftotwithftanding,

XXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadled and de-

clared, That it fhall not be lawful for any merchant or other The ftalk not perfon, nor (hall they have liberty, to feparate the ftalk frotft *0 be feparat-’* the leaf, on pretence that the fame is damaged or nfream to- f^fromthe bacco,	v	’

XXV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That ift cafe Allowance fbr any tobacco fo imported or brought into Great Britain as,afore- ^ly^amaged* faid (hall happen to receive damage on board any (hip or veffel, on (hip-board’* by ftrefs of weather at fea, or any damage by any fuch (hip or etc.

veffel being forced ^on fhore in any part of Great Britain, or if any unforefeen accident (hall happen, after the arrival of any (hip or veffel within the port for difcharging her tobacco iti Great Britaitiy by the (hip’s bulging on an anchor, or by the lighter into which the tobacco is put in order to be laid on land, or by any fuch like accident, whereby fuch tobacco (hall receive damage, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the com-miflioners or colledlors, or other chief officers of his Majefty's cuftoms, to allow and pay to the importer, proprietor, or confignee, at the rate of one halfpenny for every pound of fuch tobacco for which the importer, proprietor, or confignee, (hall refufe to pay or fecure the full duties, and which (hall be cut off or feparated from the found tobacco, in order to be burnt, or otherwise publickly deftroyed, by the officers of his Majefty^s cuftoms, fo as fuel) allowance (hall not exceed thirty (hillings for all the tobacco damaged in any one Tingle hogftiead, calk* cheft, or cafe imported; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithft^nding. v

* XXVI. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared and Regulations enabled, That if, upon the landing and examination of any un- and e-Portln^ manufactured tobacco fo imported into Great Britain as afore- the found part faid, it (hall appear that the tobacco in any of the hogfheads, of damaged calks, chefts, or cafes containing the fame, is fo much damag- tobacco, ed, that by cutting off the damaged part thereof (for which no duty is to be paid), the found tobacco remaining in any of fuch hogfheads, ca(ks, chefts, or cafes (for which duty is to be paid) is under the weight of four hundred and fifty pounds, then, and . , in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or confignee or confignees thereof, in the prefence of the landing waiters appointed to deliver the (hip in which the fame was imported, to caufe all fuch found tobacco to be put together into one or more of the fame hogfheads, cafks, chefts, or cafes, out of whrch the demaged Vol. XXXV.	D	d	tobacco

Hosted by Google

402

Regulations on entry of tobacco for exportation.

\	i

Anno vicefimo qutnto Georgii III. c. &i.	[1785.

tobacco was taken; and the laid landing waiters, or other proper officers, are hereby direfled and required to enter into their refpedtive bo6ks the true and exadl weight of all fuch found *to-bacco put into each and every fuch hog (head, cafe, cheft, or cafe, with the feveral and refpedlive marks and numbers fet_on each and every fuch hoglhead, calk, cheft, or cafe, and alfo to note andfpecify in their books that fuch hoglheads, calks, chefts, or cafes were packed and re-filled in their prefence; and all and every fuch hoglheads, calks, chefts, or cafes, of unmanufactured tobacco, lhall and may be exported from the warehoufe or warehoufes into which the fame lhall have been fo refpedively lodged or depofited, and fecured as aforefaid, provided the quantity of the tobacco in each fuch hoglhead, calk, cheft, or cafe, lhall amount to four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, or more, in the fame manner and form, to all intents and purpofes, as if the package of fuch tobacco had not been altered ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary riot-withftanding.

XXVII. And be it further ena&ed. That all and every per-fon and perfons who lhall enter, at any of the feveral ports in Great Britain herein-before enumerated, any fuch tobacco, in order to be Ihipped and exported, in any (hip or veffel whatsoever, to any part or parts beyond the feas, (hall, at or near to the warehoufe or warehoufes in which fuch tobacco (hall have been fo as aforefaid lodged or depofited, and fecured as aforefaid, and before the fame, or any part thereof, is finally discharged from the cuftody of the officer or officers of the faid re-fpedfcive warehoufe or warehoufes, in order to be laden on board any (hip or veffel to be fo exported, indorfe upon the cocquet and bill to be delivered to the fearcher or fearchers belonging to the cuftoms, and appointed to examine tobacco Ihipped for exportation, in a fair, diftindt, and legible manner, the plantation or manifeft mark and number which was upon each and every fuch hoglhead, calk, cheft, or cafe of tobacco, at the time when the fame was.firft imported into Great Britain, and alfo the landing marks and numbers which were placed and fet upon each and every fuch hoglhead, calk, cheft, or cafe thereof, when the fame was firft landed in Great Britain, together with the exadl weight of the tobacco contained in each and every fuch hoglhead, calk, cheft, or cafe, at the time of its being landed in Great Britain; and likewife indorfe upon the fame cocquet and bill, after weighing, in the prefence of the officer or officers of the cuftoms appointed to that bufinefs by the refpe&ive commiffioners of the cuftoms in Great Britain for the time being refpedtively, the tobacco fo entered for exportation, the then weight of the tobacco contained in each particular hoglhead, calk, cheft, or cafe at the time it is fo weighed for exportation; and the fearcher or fearchers lhall not admit any cocquet unlefs marked as aforefaid; and all and every exporter and exporters of tobacco lhall alfo write off, and they are hereby required and directed to write off the weight of each hogf-

head,

Hosted by Google

1785*3 Anno vicetimo quinto Grorgii III. c. 81.'	'	403

head, cafk, cheft, or cafe of unmanufadured tobacco by him* her, or them exported from any port as aforefaid of Great Bri-tain, to any part or parts beyond the Teas, from the identical and particular entry made of each and every fuch hogfhead* cafk, cheft, or cafe of fuch unmanufadured tobacco, at the time when it was firft imported into Great Britain; and if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, who (hall enter outwards for exportation, to any part or parts beyond the feas, from any port or place in Great Britain, any fuch unmanufactured tobacco, fhall negled or refufe to indorfe upon the cocquet and bill for the faid tobacco, delivered to the fearchers, in a fair, diftind, and legible manner, all and each and every of the feveral and re-fpedive marks, numbers, and weights herein-before mentioned and defcribed, and in the manner and form the fame is hereby required and direded to be done, or who fhall negled or refufe to write off the weight of each and every hogfhead, cafk, cheft* or cafe of unmanufadured tobacco by him, her, or them exported, from the identical entry made thereof, at the time when the fame was firft imported into Great Britain, agreeable to the diredions herein-before given for that purpofe; all and each and every fuch .perfon or perfons, fo offending in either one or other of thofe particulars, fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of five Penalty oii pounds for every hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe of fuch unma- negled. nufadured tobacco not indorfed upon the faid cocquet and bill as aforefaid, or the weight of which fhall not be fo refpedively Written off in manner herein-before direded; any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That if any Bifcount to importer or proprietor of tobacco, that hath given fecurity as be allowed oil aforefaid for the payment of the faid duties in eighteen months, PayTe?*fof fhall be defirous to difcharge his bond or bonds, or any part become thereof, in ready money, fooner than the expiration of the faid due. eighteen months, he fhall,be abated, upon fuch bond or bonds,

fo much as the difcount, at the rate of feven poundsper^centum per annum, fhall amount to in proportion to the rime uoexpired*

XXIX.	And be it further enaded* That no debenture fhall No manufac-

be made forth for any tobacco To imported as aforefaid into ^be ex^orr* Great, Britain, or any drawback be paid or allowed for the fame,	butTn the

when exported, or entered outwards for exportation, to any fame pack-part or parts beyond the feas, unlefs the fame, and every part ages, and fro ox thereof, be fhipped and exported from the very fame port or

plac6 at which fuch identical tobacco was originally imported ^Hghiailylm-into Great Britain, and no other; and unlefs the fame identical ported, tobacco, if unmanufadured, and every parr thereof, be fhipped and exported in the original package, with the fame marks in and with which it was at firft imported into Great Britain, together with the landing mark herein-before required to be placed and fet thereupon, and no other, without any alteration Whatfoever being made in the package (except fuch as fhall be occafioned by neceffary cooperage for the repairs of the faid package), or any other tobacco being putjherein, or aAy part D d 2	of

Hosted by C 3gle

4°4	Anno	vicefimo	quinto	Georgii	III. c. 8r. [1785.

of the tobacco being rertnoved or taken but of the package in which it was at firft imported, (except fuch tobacco as (hall have been fo taken out for fample as before allowed, and directed to be fo returned into fuch original package for exportation as aforefaid ; and if any perfon or perfons whatsoever (hall enter any tobacco for exportation at any other port or place than that at which the fame identical tobacco was imported, or in any * other calk or package (if unmanufactured tobacco) than the * fame in which it was originally imported, or without tjie fame marks, and the faid landing marks, all fuch tobacco (hall be Penalty. forfeited, and no drawback (hall be paid thereupon ; or if any be paid, the fame (hall be repaid, and the perfon who entered, or caufed the fame to be entered, (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds; and whofoever (hall knowingly export beyond the feas any hogfhead, or other package of tobacco, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, he, (he, or they, fo offending, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch hogfhead, or other package of tobacco fo exported.

Before to- XXX. And be it further enaded, That when any fuch tobacco is taken baCco, fo warehoufed as aforefaid, (hall be intended to be taken out of any ■warehoufe, the bonded duties to be paid, and the vouchers thereof to be

houfe keeper.

out of any fuch refpeCfive warehoufe'or warehoufes, for home trade, the perfon or perfons who fhall intend to take the fame out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, whether fuch perfon or perfons be the original importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or confignee or confignees thereof, or the purchafer , or purchafers of fuch tobacco from fuch importer or importers, the war^-Wlth ProPr^etor or proprietors, or confignee or confignees, (hail, before fuch tobacco is taken out of fuch refpe&ive warehoufe or warehoufes, pay down in ready money, to the colledtor or other chief officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, at the refpedfive port where fuch tobacco (hall fo be warehoufed, the duties fecured by bond or bonds, in manner before directed, for fuch refpec-tive tobacco, and fhall produce to, and leave and depofit with, the officer or officers in whole cufiody fuch tobacco (hall then be, a clear, diftindt, and proper voucher or vouchers, from the collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms (which faid officer is hereby directed and required to grant the fame, without fee or reward, to the perfon or perfons who fhall have fo as aforefaid paid the duties for fuch tobacco, on his application to fuch officer for the fame) directed to fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms in whofe cuftody fuch tobacco (hall then be, afcertaining the duties to have been paid for fuch refpedtive tobacco ; and the faid collector, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, together with his comptroller, (hall alfo, and is hereby dire died and required, without fee or reward, to grant to fuch perfon or perfons, who (hall have fo paid the duties as aforefaid, a certificate Certificate of or certificates that the duties for fuch tobacco have been fo paid, payment of defcribing therein by whom fuch duties were paid, and the duties to be t;me when, and in what (hip or veflel, or (hips or veffels, the W1 out fame, and every part thereof, was refpedtively imported, arrd

e	alfo*

given

fee.

Hosted by

Google

1785]. Anno vicefitno quinto Georgii III. C. 81;	405

alfo the marks and numbers of the identical hogfhead or hogf-

heads, calks, chefts, or cafes, in which fuch tobacco (hall be

contained, and defcribing alfo the name or names of the perfon

or perfons to whom fuch tobacco (hall be fo fent, and the place

or places of his or their abode refpedtively, on pain of forfeiting

the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch offence; and the Warehoufe

faid warehoufe officer or officers is and are hereby directed keeper to de-

and required to deliver all the tobacco for which the duties (hall llver tc??~cc° x	•	on ccrtilicstc

have been fo paid, to the perfon or perfons fo producing fuch and t0 enter 9

voucher or vouchers, and certificate or certificates as aforefaid; the fame, and the fame warehoufe officer or officers is and are hereby directed and required to enter, in the books fo to be kept by him or them as aforefaid, the particulars of fuch voucher or vouchers, and certificate or certificates as aforefaid, fo as in fuch books clearly to fhew, and particularly defcribe, the difcharge of fuch refpedtive tobacco from his or their cuftody.

XXXI.	And be it further enadted, That no tobacco unma- No unmanu-nufadlured (hall be removed, carried, or conveyed, by land or fa&ured toby water, from any port or place of importation as af°re~ removed from faid, within Great Britain, to any other port or place whatfo- pjace t0 pjace ever, within Great Britain, or (hall be removed from any one without cer-place within or without fuch port or place of importation, to tificate, and

y any other place within or without the fame port or place, with- in ori*Sinal out a certificate from the collector, or other chief officer of the pac age * cGftoms, and the comptroller as aforefaid, and in the original package in which it was imported, preferving the fame marks and numbers, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all fuch to- Penalty, bacco as (hall be fo carried or removed without fuch certificate, and the package containing the fame as aforefaid, and alfo the horfes and cattle, and carts, waggons, and other carriages whatfoever, employed or any way made ufe of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of the fame.

XXXII.	And be it further enadled, That before any unma- Regulations

nufadfured tobacco (hall be removed, carried or conveyed, by for removal land or by water, as aforefaid, the proprietor, fadtor, or agent of tobacco thereof (hall defcribe and infert, on the back of fuch certificate,	ace	*°

in a fair and legible manner, the names of each particular pack- 4

age in which fuch tobacco is contained, together with the particular marks and numbers fet on each package, and alfo the true and exadt weight of the tobacco contained in each particular package, and the place from whence the fame is to be delivered, and to which the fame is to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the name of the perfon to whom, the tobacco is configned; and fuch proprietor, fadtor, or agent, (hall fub-fcribe his> her, or their name or names, and make oath to the truth thereof; and the certificate fo granted, if going by land,

(hall exprefs the number of days it (hall continue in force, and (hall accompany the tobacco to fuch place to which the fame is to be carried and conveyed ; and upon its coming to fuch place, the perfon or perfons receiving the fame, or to whom the to-

D d 3	.	bacco

Hosted by Google

40<?	Anno	vicefimo quuito Georgii III. c.8i, [1785,

bacco belongs, (hall caufe fuch certificate to be delivered to the chief officer of the cuftoms, if any fuch there be; and in cafe there be no officer of the cuftoms, then to the officer of excife of the divifion vyhereunto fuch goods are carried, and conveyed; and fuch officer is hereby directed to examine the fame with the goods, and if they agree therewith, the tobacco may be taken away and difpofed of by the perfon or perfons to whom of right they belong or appertain, and fuch officer is thereupon to enter fuch certificate diftin&ly in a book by him to be kept for that purpofe; and the officer of the cuftoms or excife receiving fuch, certificate (hall from time to time tranfmit the fame to the officer now appointed, or the office^ or officers hereafter to be appointed, by the high treafurer, or commiflioners of the trea-fury, for keeping fuch accounts.

Regulations XXXIII. And be it further enabled, .That all and every per-tobeobferved fon and perfons who (hall import any tobacco into Great Bri~ when any im- tain9 from^ any of his Majefty’s colonies, plantations, iflands, ported to- or territories in America, or from the United States of America, tehdedtobe 3rK* w^° *n anyw^e manufacture the fame, or any part inaoufac-	thereof, upon his, her, or their own account or accounts, or

tured.	caufe or procure the fame, or any part thereof, to be manufac-

tured for his, her, or their own account or accounts, by any other perfon or perfons, (hall (before the fame, or any, part thereof, be manufactured by the importer or importers, or by, any other perfon or perfons employed by the importer or importers, to be manufactured for the account of fuch importer or importers) deliver, and they are hereby directed and required to deliver, to the collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the place or port where fuch tobacco was imported, an account in writing, containing the plantation or manifeft mark and number of every hoglhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe of tobacco intended to be manufactured, with the name of the (hip or (hips in which the fame was or were imported, and the time when, and alfo the landing mark and number fet on each hoglhead, ca(k, cheft, or cafe, ajt the time of their importation into Great Britain, and alfo the exact weight of the tobacco contained in each and every fuch hoglhead, calk, cheft, or cafe, at the time of their being firft landed in Great Britain, and the exact weight the fame were, at the time of the delivery thereof to be manufactured ; which account (hall be figned by fuch importer or importers, or one of his, her, or their known fervants or agents, and alfo by fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch tobacco is delivered to be manufactured, or one of his, her, or their known fervants or agents, with their feveral and refpective names and places of abode; and fuch importer and importers (hall, at the time of their delivering in fuch accounts as aforefaid, write off from the entries made at the time and times the tobacco contained in fuch account was imported, and againft each and every particular (hip in which the fame was imported, the weight of each, particular hoglhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe, contained in fuch account, of tobacco intended to be manufactured '	as

. Hosted by Google

ITS5.] Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGIIIII. c. 8rJ	407^

as aforefaid, in the very fame manner and form as if the faid tobacco had been delivered for exportation; and in cafe any im- Penalties on porter or importers of tobacco (ball negledl to give in fuch ac- nfg.!e<a.of count as aforefaid, at the time, and in fuch manner and form, fc^onntofthe in all refpe&s, to all intents and purpofes, as is herein-before quantity, etc. dir&fted and required, or in cafe fuch account (hall, at the time to be manu-the fame is given in, or at any time afterwards, appear to be fa&ured, or a falfe and fraudulent in any refpedt whatfoever, he, (he, or they, coTnUhereof* knowingly offending in any or either of the cafes aforefaid, (hall 1 forfeit and lofe the fum of thirty pounds for every hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe of tobacco, an account of which is omitted to be given as before directed, or of which a wrong account (hall knowingly be given ; and the perfon or perfons to whom fuch tobacco (hall have been delivered to be manufactured, neglecting by him, her, or themfelves, or by his, her, or their known fervant or agent, to (ign fuch account as aforefaid, or knowingly figning any fraudulent account, (hall alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of thirty pounds for every fuch hogfhead, or other package of tobacco, of which no account, or for which a fraudulent account, is knowingly given.

XXXIV. And be it further enaCted, That all and every When an im-. perfon and perfons who (hall import any tobacco into Great porter fells Britain, from any of his Majelty’s colonies, plantations, iflands, tobacco, the or territories in America, or in the United States of America, who	wfth re-

fhall fell the fame, or any part thereof, to any perfon or perfons fpeCtto de- ! whatfoever, (hall, within three days after the delivery thereof livery ofac-out of his cuftody to the purchafer or purchafers thereof, or countsthereof their order, give and deliver to the collector, or other chief of- on°xpor-ficer of the cuftoms, at the port or place where fuch tobacco tation, under was imported, an account in writing, containing the plantation the fame pe-or manifeft mark and number of every hogfhead, calk, cheft, nalties. or cafe of tobacco, fo fold or delivered, with the name of the fhip or (hips in which the fame was imported, and the timei when, and alfo the landing mark and number fet on each hog-(head, cafk, cheft, or cafe, at the time of their importation into Great Britain, and alfo the exa6t weight thereof at the time of their-falls or delivery to the purchafer or purchafers thereof, which account (hall be figned by fuch importer, or one of his, her, or their known fervants or agents, and alfo by fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch tobacco is fold or delivered, or one of his, her, or their known fervants or agents with their feveral and refpedive names and places of abode; and fuch importer and importers (hall, at the time of their delivering in fuch accounts as aforefaid, write off from the entries made at the time and times the tobacco contained in fuch account was imported, and againft each and every particular (hip in which the fame was imported, the weight of each particular hoglhead, calk, cheft, or cafe of tobacco contained in fuch account, in the fame manner and form as if the faid tobacco had been delivered for exportation; and in cafe any importer or importers of tobacco fhall negleft to give in fuch account as aforefaid, at th£ time,-

D d 4	y	and

Hosted by Google

40$	Anno	vicefimo	quinto Georgii III. c. 81.	[1785.

And in fuch manner and form, in all refpects, to all intents and purpofes, as herein-before directed and required, or in cafe fuch account (hall, at the time the fame is given in, or at any time afterwards, appear to be falfe or fraudulent, in any refpect whatfoever, he, (he, or they, knowingly offending in any or either of the cafes aforefaid, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum'of thirty pounds for every hogfhead or other package of tobacco, an account of which*is omitted to be given as before directed, or of which a wrong account (hall be knowingly given; and the perfon or perfons to whom or to whofe order fuch tobacco (hall have been fold or delivered, neglecting, by him, her, or themfelves, or his, her, or their known fervant or agent, to fign fuch account as aforefaid, or knowingly figning any frau-,	dulent account, (hall alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of thirty

pounds for every fuch hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe of tobacco, of which no account, or for which a fraudulent account, is knowingly given.

Second ptitv XXXV. And be it further enacted. That the fecond pur-manufatured Chafer anY ent^re hogfhead of unmanufactured tobacco (hall tobacco in and maybe entitled to the benefit of a certificate on the. re* hoglheads en- moval of any fuch tobacco, or of any ftalks (hipped, or any filled to the fnuff or manufactured tobacco made therefrom, by land or by cates cmre- ^ater? *n bke manner as certificates by this act are directed to moval as the be granted to the firft purchafer from the importer; and that firftpurchafer. in all fuch certificates, fo to be granted to fuch fecond purchafer of any entire hogfhead or hogfheads of fuch tobacco, the name ofthp importer or importers, feller or fellers thereof, maybe omitted ; provided that the feller to fuch fecond purchafer (hall have delivered to the collector or other chief officer of the port where fuch tobacco (hall have been imported, fuch and the like account as the importer or importers thereof are by this act required to give.

Manufactured XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no manufactured tobaccoabove tobacco, or tobacco ftalks, exceeding fix pounds weight, or weight^e- bluff, exceeding fix pounds weight, (hall, in any form or man-moved with- ner whatfoever, be removed, carried, or conveyed, by land, or out certificate by water, from any port or place whatfoever in Great Britain, of the duties to any other port or place in Great Britain, or from any place paicMs for? whatfoever within the fame port or place, to any other place feited.	within the fame, unlefs in the manner herein-after mentioned;

(that is to fay), if it be tobacco ftalks, or fnuff, or other manufactured tobacco, which is to be carried by land or by water as aforefaid, the fame (hall not be removed, carried, or conveyed, without a certificate or certificates, and oath of the importer (in cafe the importer applies for the fame) being firft had and obtained as aforefaid, that fuch ftalks were ftripped or fe-parated from, or fuch fnuff or other manufactured tobacco was made from, one or more hogfhead or hogfheads of tobacco for which the duties were by him paid; and in cafe the perfon applying for fuch certificate or certificates be a purchafer, fuch purchafer (hall make oath that fuch ftalks were ftripped or fepa-

,	rated.

Hosted by Go< e

*7$5-1 - Arrnb vicefimo quinto Georgii HI. c. &r;

rated, or fuch fnuff, or other manufactured tobacco, was made, from one or more hogfhead or hogfheads of tobacco which had been delivered and received according to the directions of this act ( which faid feveral certificates fuch officer and officers are hereby required and directed to grant, and, after writing the fame off their books, to deliver to all apd every perfon or perfons who (hall apply to him or them for the fame, without any fee or reward whatfoever for fuch certificates or oaths, on pain of forfeiting the fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence) upon forfeiture of all fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, and fnuff, together with the cafk and package containing the fame.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That before any fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, or fnuff, for which fuch refpective certificate is fo refpe&ively granted, fhall be removed or carried, by land or by water, as aforefaid, the proprietor, factor, or agent thereof, (hall defcribe and infert, on the back of fuch certificate or certificates, in a fair and legible manner, the names of each particular package in which fuch goods are contained, together with the particular marks and numbers fet on each package, and alfo the true and exa<t weight of each particular fpecies of goods contained in each particular package, and the place from whence the fame are to be delivered, and to which they are to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the name of the perfon to whom the goods are configned ; and fuch proprietor, factor, or agent, fhall fubfcribe his, her, or their name or names, and make oath to the truth thereof; and the certificate or certificates fo granted, if going by land, fhall ex-prefs the number of days they (hall refpectively continue in force, and (hall accompany the goods to fuch place to which they are to be carried and conveyed; and upon its coming to fuch place, ' the perfon or perfons receiving the fame, or to whom the goods belong, fhall caufe fuch certificate or certificates to be delivered to the chief officer of the cuftoms, if any fuch there be, and in cafe there be no officer of the cuftoms, then to the officer of. the excife of the divifion within which fuel) goods are carried and conveyed; and fuch refpective officer is hereby directed to examine the fame with the goods, and if they agree therewith, the goods may be taken away, and difpofed of, by the perfon or perfons to whom of right they belong or appertain, and fuch officer is thereupon to enter fuch certificate or certificates diftinctly, in a book to be kept by him for that pur-pofe ; and the officer of the cuftoms or excife receiving fuch certificate or certificates (hall, from time to time, tranfmit the fame to the officer now appointed, or the officer or officers hereafter to be appointed, by the high treafurer, or commiffi-oners of the treasury, for keeping fuch accounts.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted., That no unmanufactured tobacco, or manufactured tobacco, tobacco (talks, or fnuff, which (hall have been removed, carried, or conveyed, either by land or by water, from any port or place in Great Britain to any other port or place whatfoever in Great Britain,

.	. .	or

409

Before tobacco is removed, the weight, etc. of each package is to be Written on the back of the certificate, and figned by the proprietor-

Certificate to exprefs the number of days it is to continue in force, aiid to be delivered to the officer of the cuftoms on the arrival of the goods at their intended place* etc.



No tobacco (ball be again removed without certificate of its having been

Hosted by

Google

4vi<*

legally received at the former place of renapval.

Pe rfon sap-ply in g for certificates to de-fcribe on the back, and make oath of the troth thereof, the particulars, and weight, &c.

Certificate to exprefs the number of days it is to continue in force, and to be delivered without fee, &c.

Certificates to be delivered to the proper officer on the arrival of the goods at their intended place, &c.

Anno vkeffmo quinto Georgii III. c. [1785.

• or which (hall have been removed, carried, or conveyed front any one place within any one port or place, to any other place within the fame port or place, (baH be afterwards removed, carried, or conveyed, either by land or by water, to any other port or place whatfoever within Great Britain, without a certificate or certificates being firft had and obtained from the colleger and comptroller, or other chief officer or officers of the cuftoms, at the port or place from whence fuch goods are intended to be removed, but if there is not any officer of the cuftoms refident at fuch place, then from the officer of excife for the divifion with whom the former certificate or certificates was or were entered, that it appears to them, by the entries of the certificate or certificates in their books, upon the former removal, that fuch tobacco, tobacco (talks, or (huff, had been received by legal certificate, and alfo that the perfon or perfons who (hall apply to him or them for fuch certificate or certificates, had made oath to the truth thereof; and, before fuch certificate or certificates (hall be granted, the proprietor of fuch tobacco, or the fa<5tor or iagent applying for the fame, (hall de-feribe and infert, on the back of fuch certificate or certificates •refpedtively, in a fair and legible manner, the names of each particular package in which fuch goods are contained, together with the particular marks and numbers fet on each package, and alfo the true and exa6t weight of tobacco contained in each particular package, and the place from whence the fame are to be delivered, and to which, and by what carriage, they are to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the name of the perfon or perfons to whom, the goods are configned, to which fuch proprietor, fa&or, or agent, (hall fubferibe his, her, or their name or names, and make oath to the truth thereof; which feveral andrefpe&ive oaths herein-before dire&ed, the collector or comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, or the officer of excife, granting fuch refpe&ive certificate or certificates, is and are hereby authorifed and impowered toadminifter; and the certificate or certificates fo refpc&ively granted, if going by land, (hall exprefs the number of days it or they (hall continue in force ; and the officer or officers granting fuch certificate or certificates, after writing the fame off their books, in a book to be kept by him or them for that purpofe, are hereby directed to deliver fuch certificate or certificates to the perfon or perfons who (hall apply to them for the fame, without any fee or reward whatfoever for fuch certificate or certificates, or for ad-miniftering the oaths hereby required, on pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every fuch offence, and to tranfmit a duplicate of fuch certificate or certificates to the faid officer now appointed, or the officer or officers hereafter to be appointed by the high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury, for keeping fuch accounts; and the faid certificate or certificates fo granted, (hall accompany fuch tobacco to the place where, and be delivered to the perfons to whom, fuch tobacco (hall be configned, who, upon receiving the fame, (hall caufe fuch certificate or certificates to be delivered to the chief officer

Hosted by Google **

1785,3 Anno vicefima quinto GeoRGH IIL c. 81.	411

of the cuftoms, if any fuch there be, and in cafe there he ho officer of the cuftoms, then to the officer of excifeof the divifion within which fuch goods are carried and conveyed; and fuch officer is hereby dire&ed to examine the fame with the goods, andLif they agree therewith the goods may be taken away and difpofed of by the perfon or perfons to whom of right they belong; and which officer is thereupon to enter fuch certificate or certificates diftindtly, in a book to be kept by him for tfiat purpofe, and tranfmit the original certificate or certificates to the faid officer now appointed, or to the officer or officers hereafter to be appointed, by the high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury, for keeping fuch accounts.

XXXIX.	And be it further enadted, That if any tobacco or Penalties on tobacco ftalks, exceeding fix pounds weight, or any fnuff, ex- removing to-ceeding fix pounds weight, lhall be found removing, either by^x^ound^ land or by water, without having one or other of the certificates weight wfth-herein before diredted, all fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, and out certifi-fnuff, and the cafks, chefts, cafes, or other package containing cate, and on the fame, together with the horfes, cattle, carts, waggons, and counterfeit-^ all other carriages whatfoever, employed Or**iri anywi(e made certifi^" ufe of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of fuch tobacco, cates, tobacco ftalks, or fnuff, or any or either of them, (hall be forfeited and loft, and the carrier or other perfon employed or intruded in the removing, carrying, or conveying fuch goods, or any or either of them, (hall, befides the lofs of the cattle and carriages, be committed to the county gaol for the fpace of one month, by any juftice of the peace for the county where the offence is committed, or the offender (hall be found; and if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall counterfeit, erafe, or in anywife alter any fuch certificate or certificates, or duplicate or duplicates, as herein-before is mentioned and defcribed, or (hall caufe or procure the fame, or any or either of them, to be counterfeited, forged, erafed, or altered, in any refpedl,, he, (he, or they, fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch offence.

XL. And be it further enadted, That no tobacco nor to- No tobacco, bacco ftalks, exceeding the quantity of fix pounds weight, nor &c. above fix fnuff, exceeding fix pounds weight, (hall be conveyed or car- P01?nds ried, by land or by water, from any port or place in Great Bri- Amoved10 °e tain to any other port or place in Great Britain, or from any without being place within any port in Great Britain to any other place within marked on the the fame port, in any hogflhead, ca(k, cheft, cafe, or other package, package, unlefs fuch hogfhead, ca(k, cheft, cafe, or other package, be (lamped or marked on the outlide with the refpedtive words Tobacco Tobacco Stalks, or Snuffs in large letters, not lefs than three inches in length, under the penalty and forfeiture of all fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, or fnuff, with the package thereof, and one (hilling for every pound weight thereof, to be paid by the owner of fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, or fnuff, unlefs it can be proved that the goods fo removing was without his, her, or their knowledge.

XLI. And

Hosted by Google

\4t2.	Anno	vicefimo	quinto	Georgii	III.	c;	8i#	£1785.'

No manufac- XLI., And be it further enadled, That no manufadlured tured tobac- tobacco, tobacco ftalks,* or fnuff, exceeding the quantity Of fix co, &c. above p0Unds weight in the whole* although in different packages, weight,1tho’	retnovecU carried, or conveyed, either by land or by

in different water, at one and the fame time, by one and the fame carriage packages,	or conveyance, and directed to one and the fame perfon, or to

ihall be re-	different perfons in one and the fame partnerfhip in trade, with-

time to^he16 outa certificate, as is herein-before directed, being firft had and fame perfon, obtained from the collector and comptroller, or other chief of-or different ficer or officers of the cuftoms, or the officer of excife (if there perfons in be not any officer of the cuftoms there) of the port or place wlthmatcer- ^rom w^ence tobacco, tobacco ftalks, or fnuff, (hall be fo tificate. removed, and to accompany the fame to the port or place to which the fame is to be carried or conveyed, upon forfeiture thereof.

No tobacco XLII. And be it further enadled, That no unmanufadlured which has tobacdo, manufadlured tobacco* tobacco ftalks, or fnuff, which mb^e^fhaU6'" Aiall	^een removed from, the port or place of importation

be returned Great Britain, or from any other port or place in Great Bri~ back again to tain, to any other port or place in Great Britain, (hall* be again thefameplace returned or fent back to fuch port or place from whence the

from thecb^n- ^ame was or wre ^e^ore recnoved or fent, upon any pretence millioners of* whatfoever, without leave being firft had and obtained for that the cuftoms. purpofe from the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England, or any four or more of them for the time being, or the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any three or more of them for the time being, in Scotland, and for which a fpecial certificate (hall be granted to accompany the fame, in fuch manner and form as the faid commiffioners refpedlively fhall think proper, upon forfeiture thereof, together with the horfes, cattle, carriages, and boats madeufe of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of the fame.

Tobacco con-	XLIII. And be it further enadted, That where any tobacco

veying tcrand js intended to be carried or conveyed from the port or place of mills without importation, or other place, to the mills of any manufadlurer a certificate of tobacco, for the purpofe of grinding the.fame into fnuff, the to be forfeit- faid commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms m England, or any ed, and the	four or more of them, or the commiffioners of his Majefty’s

remover11	cuftoms, or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for the

thereof liable time being, refpedlively, are hereby authorifed and required.to to penalties, diredl proper fufferances or certificates to be granted to accompany fuch tobacco to fuch mills, in order to be manufadlured, and after it has been fo manufadlured, other fuch like fufferances or certificates, to accompany the fame from fuch mills to the houfe of fuch manufadlurer, from whence the fame had been fo fent, for the purpofe of being fo manufadlured; and if any tobacco or fnuff manufadlured therefrom fhall be found removing as aforefaid, without fuch fufferance or certificate as /	aforefaid, the fame (hall be forfeited, together with the horfes,

cattle, and carriages, made ufe of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of the fame, and the perfon or perfons to whom

fuch

Hosted by Google

I7&5*] Anno vicefimo quinto GeorgiI III. c. 8u	413

fuch tobacco, or fnuff manufactured therefrom, (hall belong,

(hall forfeit and lofe twenty (hillings for every pound weight of tobacco or fnuff, and the perfon employed in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of the fame, (hall alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of five (hillings for every pound weight of fuch tobacco , or fnuff; unlefs it can be proved that the tobacco or fnuff fo removing was without his, her, or their knowledge.

XLIV. And be it further enabled, That the bond or bonds Decreafe of fo given as aforefaid, for fecuring the duties upon any quantity weight of of tobacco fo imported or brought into Great Britain as afore- jyjngin wTre-faid, (hall be discharged and cancelled by the debenture or de- houfes, to be bentures refpeCtively made out and paffed in the ufual way, for allowed in the the net quantity or quantities of tobacco, taken at the weighing difcharge of thereof as aforefaid for exportation, and upon the delivery of bon s* fuch tobacco for home trade as aforefaid ; and when the whole of the tobacco to which fuch refpedtive bond or bonds (hall apply and refpeCtively refer (hall appear to have been fo exported and delivered for home trade as aforefaid, and it (hall alfo appear that there is a difference between the weights of fuch tobacco, taken as aforefaid at the importation, and the weights taken at the delivery thereof as aforefaid, for home trade and for exportation, jointly or feverally, by a decreafe in weight, arifing from (hrinkage by lying in the warehoufe, it (hall and may be lawful for the officer or officers of the cuftoms for the refpeCtive warehoufe or warehoufes from which fuch tobacco (hall have been fo delivered as aforefaid to certify the fame, and he or they is and are hereby dire&ed and required to grant the fame, and fuch certificate (hall go in difcharge of fuch bond or bonds fo given as aforefaid.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That at or before the Security to be (hipping for exportation of any manufactured tobacco, the ex- given that porter or exporters, with one or more perfon or perfons, of ^acca^p-which the mafter, or other perfon having the charge or com- pedforpcpor-mand of the (hip or veffel in which fuch tobacco is intended to tation (hall be exported, fhall be one, (hall give fecurity to the cuftomer, not be *e’ collector, or chief officer of the cuftoms of the port where the Q^eat Britain warehoufe or warehoufes out of which fuch tobacco is to be or t^e |(]e 0f exported is or are fituate, in the penalty of double the value of Man. the faid tobacco, (which fecurity the faid cuftomer, collector, or other chief officer, is hereby directed and impowered to take in the name of, and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors), that fuch tobacco fo (hipped, or any part thereof,

(hall not be relanded or brought on (hore again in any port or place of Great Britain,, or the IJle of Man; and fuch fecurity Regulations (hall be difcharged in the manner herein-after mentioned; for difcharg-(that is to fay). For fuch of thewfaid goods as (hall be entered ing fuch &-for, or landed in the kingdom of Ireland, the iflands of Guern- cun y* fey, Jerfey, Alderney, or Sari, the condition of the bond (hall be, to bring in a certificate in difcharge thereof within fix months from the date of the bond ; and within eighteen months for fuch of the faid goods as (hall be entered for and landed in any of

his

Hosted by Google;

4H

Tobacco deftroyed by fire in a warehouse, to be allowed in discharge of bonds.

Documents required by this a dt, and a4 Geo. a. c. 4i. relative to importation of tobacco, to be tranfnoitted to Such per Son as fhall be appointed bythe treafury, who is to conform to the regula-tions of Fof-mer adt.

Atiho vicelimo quinto GeoRGii III. c:. 8r. £1785.

hrs Mtljefty’s colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America or Africa; and within thirty months for fuch of the feid goods as (hall be entered for, and landed in any port or place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope\ which faid certificate for fuch tobacco as aforefaid as fhall be landed in any part or place where any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms fhall be refident, fhall be figned by the proper officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms there, importing that fuch tobacco was there landed, teftifying the landing thereof; and for fuch tobacco as aforefaid as fhall be entered for the iflands of Guernfeyy Jer-fey9 Alderney, or Sark, fhall be figned by the proper officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, if any fuch officer or officers fhall be refiding in thefe iflands refpedtively, and for want of fuch officers refiding there, then by the governor of thefe Hlands, or the deputy governor thereof refpedtively; and for fuch tobacco as aforefaid as fhall be entered for any other foreign port or place, to bring a certificate under a common feal of the chief magiftrate of fuch port or place, or under the hands and feals of two known Britijb merchants, then being at fuch port or place, that fuch tobacco was there landed; or fuch bond or bonds fhall be difcharged, upon proof, in any or either of the faid cafes, that fuch goods were taken by enemies, or pe-rifhed in the fea, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the commiffioners of the cuftoms in Eng* land ox Scotland for the time being, refpedtively: provided always, That in cafe any tobacco fo put into the faid warehoufe or warehoufes as aforefaid fhall be burnt or deftroyed by fire, during the time it (hall remain in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, the refpedlive bond or bonds which fhall have been given for fecurity of the duties thereon, fhall be difcharged for fo much tobacco as fhall have been fo burnt or deftroyed.

XLVI. And be it further enadted, That one of the books of the landing waiters fo appointed to the delivery of every ihip or veffel fo importing tobacco as aforefaid, under this adt, and every other document and documents in relation to tobacco fo imported, as is now required by an adt' parted in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the more effeftual fecuring the duties upon tobacco, to be tranfmitted or delivered to fuch perfon as fhould be deputed and appointed by the high treafurer, or commiflion-ers of the treafury for the time being, to receive the fame, (on the importation of tobacco imported under the regulation of that adt), fhall, and are hereby diredted to be tranfmitted or delivered to fuch perfon who now is deputed and appointed fdr the purpofe of that adt, or fuch other perfon or perfons as fhall hereafter be appointed to execute fuch office; and fuch perfon fo deputed, or fuch perfon or perfons fo to be deputed and appointed as aforefaid, fhall do and perform every adt and thing, in every refpedt whatfoever, in regard to any tobacco fo imported into Great Britain as aforefaid under this prefent adt, as was done and performed by fuch perfon under the authority of the

faid

Hosted by Google

1785] Anno yieeGmo qmtito GEoRair III. c.81.	415

faid aft fo paffed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled as aforefaid; and further, fuch (aid perfon fo deputed and appointed, or fuch per-fon or perfons to be fo deputed and appointed as aforefaid, by the high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall be furnifhed with all and every document and documents from all and every proper officer and officers of the cuftoms who (hall be poflefled of the fame, to enable fuch perfon or perfons to be a competent cheque upon the tobacco fo imported as aforefaid being delivered for exportation out of any of the refpeftive warehoufes aforefaid, or delivered for home trade as aforefaid, out of fuch refpeftive warehoufes,

XLVIL'And be it further enafted, That no tobacco, either Officers fuf-manufactured or unmanufactured, (hall be entered or (hipped petting to-for exportation to any parts beyond the feas (Ireland only ex-cepted) in any (hip or veflel whatfoever, unlefs fuch (hip or exportation veflel (hall be of the burthen of feventy tons, or upwards ; and (to Ireland if any officer or officers of the cuftoms (hall apprehend, or have excepted) in reafon to believe, that any fuch (hip or veflel bound to foreign £^hen than parts, and having tobacco on board her, (hall not be of the 70 tons! may burthen of feventy tons, or upwards, it (hall and may be law- detain them ful for fuch officer or officers to flop and detain fuch (hip or till they are veflel, and the whole cargo laden on board her of tobacco, and admeafured, all other gbods, until he or they (hall caufe fuch (hip or veflel i^Geo/j^c, to be admeafured according to the admeafurement prefcribed 74, by an aft pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his pre-fent Majefty, intituled. An aft for the better ajcertaining the tonnage and burthen of /hips and veffels importing and exporting goods into and from this kingdom, or hovering upon the coafts thereof ; for amending fo much of an aft, made in the lafi feffion of parliament, for lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, as relates to the fuing for the penalties and forfeitures thereby inflifted in the court of exchequer in Scotland; for appropriat'vig the duty on oak bark, granted by the faid aft; and for obviating doubts which have arifen with refpeft to the allowing the drawback upon certain calicoes; and the bounty upon BritHh-made cordage exported to the iflands of Madera, the Canary Iflands, and the Azores or Wefterri Iflands; and if it (hall appear by fuch admeafurement that any fuch (hip or veflel is of the burthen of feventy tons, or upwards, the officer or officers fo (topping and detaining her and her cargo (hall not be fubjeft or liable to any aftion for damages occafloned by fuch ftoppage and detention; and if the mafter or Penalty on commander of any (hip or veflel outward bound to foreign entering vef-parts, having tobacco on board her, (hall enter and clear out fels Sr^ter fuch (hip or veflel in the collector's book at the cuftom-houfe, ^re. *** as of the burthen of feventy tons, or upwards, and fuch (hip or veflel (hall not be of fo great burthen, according to the admeafurement prefcribed by the faid aft, he (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch offence,

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any (hip Tobacco of

or veflel whatfoever, under the burthen of feventy tons, coming more than

or 100 pounds

Hosted by Google

4*6

weight on board any veflel under 70 tons, found hovering or at anchor within certain limits, to be forfeited.

Mailers js F veflels found hovering or at anchor in certain limits forfeit 10.0I.

Bonds deem-edtobedueon the day mentioned in their conditions, andintereftto be paid agreeable to

4 Anne, c. 6.

Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. C. Sir f 178^.

or arriving from foreign parts, or having cleared outwards inf Great Britain for foreign parts, and having on board one hundred pounds weight of tobacco, or any tobacco (talks 6r Items (tripped from the leaf, (hall be found at anchor, or hovering within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coafts thereof, or (hall be'difcovered to have been within the faid limits or diftance, and not p/oceeding on her voyage* wind and weather permitting (unlefs in cafe of unavoidable neceflity and diftrefs of weather, of which neceflity and diftrefs the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall give notice, and make proof before the collector, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, of any port within the limits of which fuch (hip or veffd (hall be found, immediately after the arrival of fuch (hip or veflel within the. limits of fuch port) all fuch tobacco and tobacco (talks, or ftems (tripped from the leaf, together with the hogfheads, bags, boxes, calks, chefts, cafes,-or other packages whatfoever containing the fame, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited and loft (whether bulk (hall then b&ve been broken, or not) and the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of every fuch (hip or veflel, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds; and if any (hip or veflel whatfoever, of the burthen of feventy tons or upwards, having fuch goods on board as aforefaid, either homeward bound or outward bound, (hall be found at anchor, or hovering as aforefaid, or (hall be difcovered not to be proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting, and not any diftrefs (hall happen as aforefaid, and notice thereof be given as afgre-faid, the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge of command of every fuch (hip or veflel, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all bonds which (hall be given for the feveral and refpec-tive duties on tobacco by virtue and in purfuance of this acl, (hall be deemed and taken to be due and payable immediately upon the day mentioned in the condition of the faid refpediye bond or bonds for the payment thereof; and that fuch intereft (hall be paid to the crown on all fuch bonds as are direded by an ad of parliament, made" in the fourth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne* intituled. An aft for continuing an additional fubfidy of tonnage and poundage* end certain duties upon coals* culm* and cinders* and additional duties of excife; and for fettling and ejlablijbing a fund thereby* and by other ways and means* for payment of annuities* to be fold for raifing a further fupplyto her Majefty* for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fix* and other ufes therein mentioned; which intereft (hall be computed from the day the bond or bonds (hall refpedively become due, to the day whereon it or they (hall be paid off in money, or the day the fearcher certifies upon the debenture that the tobacco was (hipped for exportation, notwithftanding fuch tobacco doth or,(halI remain unexported j and no fuch fecurity

Hosted by

Google

t'9§5».] Anno vicefirtio quinto Georgii III. c. 8r.	417

(hall hereafter be vacated, until all fuch intereft (hall be paid thereon; any law, cuftorh, or ufage to the contrary notwith-fia riding.

L. And be it further eria&ed, That if any perfon or perfons Penalty on , Wh^tfoever (hall, at any time or times hereafter, in order to crafinS,mark* defeat any of the purpofes or intents of this a<5i, erafe, cut out, on ^ac age * burn out, blot out, or in anywife whatfoever alter, change, or deface any mark or number, or marks or numbers, which was or were burnt in or fet upon any hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe Whatfoever, of tobacco, in his faid Majefty’s colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America, or in the United States of America, or which (Hall be fet, (lamped, or affixed thereori in Great Britain Upon the importation of landing thereof, or Which was or were fet or (lamped, or affixed thefeori in Great Britain, upon the exportation thereof from thence to fdreigrf parts, he, (he, or they fo offending (hall forfeit and lofe the fund of twenty pounds for each and every hogfhead, cafk, cheft, of cafe whatfoever, of tobacco, the mark whereof (hall be fo altered or defaced as aforefaid.	r

LI. Arid be it further enabled, That the feveral aftd refpec- Proprietors to tive proprietors of the (hips and veffels which (hall be fo refpec- be at the.ex'

i ' 'i	1	•	npnpp pri/t

tively riidored at the places aforefaid, (hall fo moor, or caufe J.ifqUe the fame to be fo moored, at their foie expence and rifque; and mooring they, and the proprietors of the cargoes on board fuch (hips veffels. refpeflively, and not the crown, (hall take the rifque of, and bear every damage that may happen refpe<5lively to fuch (hips and their cargoes, while they (hall remain at fuch mooring places.

Lll. And be it further enacted. That the merchants, and All expences hot the crown, (hall refpe&ively bear all the charges and ex-pences incurred in any way, by unlhipping, bringing, carrying, ^nand or conveying any tobacco as aforefaid from the leveral and re- from ware-fpedlive ftiips fo importing the fame, to the feveral and refpec- houfesto be tive places of lariding, and from thence to the refpe&ive ware- borne by the houfes as aforefaid, in which the fame tobacco is to be fo de- excepUhe^x-pofited as aforefaid, or in the bringing, carrying, or conveying pences of the tobacco from fuch refpe&ive warehoufes to and on board the revenue offi* feveral and refpe&ive (hips, in which the fame is or are to be cers* refpe&i.vely exported to foreign parts, fave and except the charges and expences of paying the revenue officers, under whofe efpecial care the feid tobacco (hall be fo refpedliVely conveyed, either froth the (hip to the warehoufe, on importation, or from the wdrehoufd to the (hip, when for exportation; any law,

Cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftandirig.

LIII. And be it further enabled, That the refpective pro- Expences of prietors of the tobacco, fo to be brought as aforefaid to the re- ^oithea^s fpecftiVe warehoufes before mentioned, (hall be at the foie ex- from the to-pence of dripping or taking the hogfheads in which the tobacco bacco to be (hall be fo irnported as aforefaid from the tobacco, before the borne by the fame (hall be fo Weighed as aforefaid.	proprietor.

Vol. XXXV.	E e	LIV.	And

418

If bonds arc not duly dif-charged, the tobacco maybe fold for payment.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

’ Anno vkefmio quinto Georgii III. c. 81.	[1785,

LI V. And be it further enabled, That if the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees, of fuch tobacco as (hall be depofited in fu,ch warehoufes as afore-faid, and for which bond or bonds (hall have been given for the payment of the duties as aforefaid within eighteen months, (hall not, at or before the expiration of fuch eighteen months, forthwith, either by debenture or debentures on exportation of fuch tobacco, or by payment of the feveral duties for which his Or their bond or bonds hath or have been refpedfively given as aforefaid, difeharge his or their obligation or obligations, or any part thereof, but that the tobacco, or any part thereof, (hall continue and be (fill remaining in the faid warehoufes for want of the payment of the duties due thereon, in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or principal officers of the cuftoms for the time being, and who are hereby required and impowered fo to do, to caufe the faid tobacco fo remaining to be publickly fold by inch of candle, firft giving the proprietor or proprietors fourteen days notice, or leaving the fame in writing at the place of his or their Taft abode; the produdt thereof, after fuch fale, firft to be applied towards payment of the cuftoms and duties, rind charges that have been expended thereon, and the overplus (if any) to be rendered and paid to the proprietor, or other perfon lawfully authorifed to receive the fame.

LV. And be it further enaded, That all the goods, veffels,. boats, liorfes, cattle, carts, waggons, and other carriages and things forfeited by this a£i, (hall and may be feized and profe-cuted by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and that all the penalties and fines inftidted by this adt fhall and may be profecuted and fued for, and the caufes and controverfies tried', heard, and determined in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeftminJier (if the offence (hall be committed in Englandor if the offender or offenders be in England at the time of commencing the profecution), or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh (if the offence (hall be committed in Scotland, or if the offender or offenders be in Scotland at the time of commencing the profecution), at the election of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in that part of the united kingdom where the offence or offences fhall be committed, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall fee allowed; and fuch penalties, or the fums recovered, (hall be paid and applied in the following manner;. (that is to fay,)j if fuch profecution (hall be carried on at the expence of the officer, then one moiety of whatever penalty (hall be recovered, either upon a judgement obtained on fuch profecution, or upon a compofition made thereon, (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to fuch officer ^ if fuch profecution (ball be carried on under the regulation made by the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, by their warrant, dated the twenty-feventh day of July^ one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-fix, then fuch officer (hall be entitled

to

Hosted by Google

17%*] * Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. c. 8r.'	419

to and paid one third of fuch penalty or compofition; and if Tuch profecution (hall be carried on at the expence of the crown, then fuch officer (hall be entitled to and paid one fixth of fuch penalty or compofition ; any law, cuftoin, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

LVI. And be it further enadled, That all feizures made, and forfeitures inflided by this a(hall and may in like manner futures are to be profecuted, tried, heard, and determined in any of his Ma~ be tried, and jefty’s courts of record at JVeflminfler, or in the court of exche- how to be quer at Edinburgh, refpedtively; and one moiety of the net pro- aPpded. duce of fuch feizures and forfeitures, after deducting the charges of condemnation and fale from the whole, (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who (hall inform, profecute, or fue for the fame, provided the requifitions of an a6t made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for the Adt 5 Geo. $♦ 'better fe curing and further improvement of the revenues of cuflomSy c* *3* excifer inland and fait duties; and for encouraging the linen manufacture of the Ifle of Man; and for allowing the importation of fe-veral goods, the produce and manufacture of the faid if and, under certain refir ift ions and regulations; be complied with by fuch offi-, cer or officers; but if the conditions of the faid recited act fhall not be complied with, then fuch officer and officers (hall, in each and every fuch cafe, in lieu and inftead of fuch moiety, be entitled to and allowed no more than one third part of the net produce arifing by the fale of fuch feizure: provided neverthe-lefs. That all feizures of horfes, cattle, carts, waggons, and other carriages whatfoever, for being ufed in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of any goods contrary to this act, fhall and may Jbe examined into, proceeded upon, heard, adjudged, and deter.-miiied by and before any two of his Majefty’s juftices of the , peace refiding near to the place where fuch feizure (hall be made, in fuch manner, and by fuch and the like rules, as the feizure of any horfes, cattle, or carriages, liable to forfeiture for being ufed in removing, carrying, or conveying of any prohibited or run goods, may be examined into and proceeded upon, heard, adjudged, and determined, by any juftice or juftices of the peace, by virtue of any a6t of parliament in force; and fuch judgement which fhall be given in purfuance of this act is hereby declared to be taken and adjudged good, valid, and effectual in law, and final, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and not liable to any appeal, or any writ or writs of certiorari, any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all tobacco, tobacco Condemned (talks, and fnuff, which (hall be feized and condemned, (hall be ^at^beburnt' burnt and deftroyed in the prefence of the colleflor and comp- and the officer jtroller of the cuftoms for the port where fuch tobacco (hall hap- who feized pen to be at the time of fuch condemnation, or in the prefence (kali he paid idf fuch officer as (hall be appointed by them for that purpofe; events1 at the and that all rewards or allowances to which the officer or pffi- rateof6d. per pers who (hall fei^s and profecute the fame are entitlecj by law, pound ofW

E e 2	(hall

jrjo	Anao vicefimo quinfco Gfo^qii III* Cf $2* [ 1785,

baccoorfnuff, (hall he paid by the receivers general of the cuftoms at Londm or pound otto- Bfinbvrgh **fpefftively, or by'the refpetftiye cqliedtprs in the out bacco (talks" P01^ wbpte fuch tobacco, tpbacco flails, or (puff wafc feizecj, or damaged and bffirpt or deftroyecl, to fuch officer or officers, out pf ^ay Q? tobacco. the duties or revenues arifing from the cuftoms applicable to ip-v cidents; (that is tp fay). If it is tobacco, or tobacco fnuff, fo burnt and deftroyed, the fame (ball be paid at and aFto: the rate anci proportion as if the faid tobacco, or tobacco fn^ff, had been Fold on condemnation for fixpence per pound; and if it is tobacco ffialks, or damaged tobacco, then the officer fo feizing (hall have and be entitled to one penny per pound for every pound weight of tobacco ftalks, or damaged tobacco, fo condemned and burnt^

in lieu of all other allowances.	..........

Defendants LVIIIv And be it further enabled, That if any a&ian qr fait may plead the (ball be co,mm^c^ ag?inft any perlqn or perfons for any thing geneia 1 uc. ;n p;urfu4nce of this aft, the qefeodaat pr defendants in ' fuch atftion or fuit may plead the general ifiue, and give this a (ft, and the fpeqial matter, in evidence at any trial tp be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of, and by authority of this a<ft: and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinpe atftion jfter the defendant pr defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdift or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants "(hall and may recover and recover treble cpft^, and have the like remedy for the fame as defend-treble cofts, ^fits have in other cafes by law.

C A P. LXXXII.

An aft to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelvef for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, w ho have omitted,.to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the tiipe limited by law, and for giving further time for thoTe purpofes; and. to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or miflaid 5 and for allowing them time, to provide admiffions duly ftamped ; to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and foKcitors; and for indemnifying perfons"who have afted as truiVees of turnpike roads, in certain cafes, and declaring their proceedings valid.	,

Perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves agreeable to act 1 Geo. j. fee. x. c. 13. act 13 Car. a. fee. 2. c. 1. act 25 Car. 2. c. 2. act 30 Car. 2. fee. 2. c. 1. act 8 Geo. 1. c. 6. act 9 Geo. 2. c. 26. act 18 Geo. 2* c. 20. and act 6 Geo 3 c. 53. through ignorance of the law, abfence, or fome unavoidable accidentbefore the paffing of this act; and Who fhall, on or before pec. a5,1785, qualify themfelves, (hall be inr demnified againft forfeitures. But not to indemnify any perfon for any penalty incurred againft whom final judgement hath been given. Nor ’	to exempt juftices acting without legal qualification. Perfons produc-

ing appointments and admiffions to offices before Dec. 25,1785, (hall be confirmed, and qualified to act as clerk, officer, or member of corporations, etc. may enjoy all offices into which they have been elected; and ihall be indemnified from ail penalties and damages incurred by reafori ^	of

Hosted by Google

1785.} Anno vicefirao quioto GeoRGJI III. G.83,84.	42(

of ooiiffian$. Not to extend to reftore perfons to any office avoided by judgement. Perfons who fhall caufe affidavits of clerks articles to be filed before Michaelmas term, 1785, are indemnified and difchargect from penalties. Truftees for repair of turnpike roads not duly appointed, indemnified fqr acting. Perfons pxofeculed, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general iflue.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for further poftponing the payment of the fum of two millions, advanced by the governor and company of the bank of England, to-? wards the fupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-one, to the 5th of January .1787.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An aft to limit the duration of polls and fcrutinies, and for making other regulations touching the election of members to ferve in par? liament for places within England, and Wales, and for, Berwick upon T weed; and alfo for removing difficulties which may arife for want of returns being made of members to ferve in parlia-menu

FO R the better regulation of poilh and fcrutinies, be it e nailed Preamble.

by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from after the firft day of Augujl, one From Aug. 1, thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, every poll which (hall 1785. every be demanded at any election for a member or members to ferve P°ll muffc^ in parliament for any county, city, borough, or other place, th^TtSTthe within England, Wales, or for the town of Berwick upon Tweed, day after it is (hall commence on the day upon which the fame (hall be de- demanded, manded, or upon the next day at furtheft, (unlefs it (hall hap- unlefs it be pen to be a Sunday, and then on the day after;) and (hall be muft n^con-duly and regularly proceeded in from day to day (Sundays ex- tinue more cepted) until the fame be finifhed, but fo as that no poll for than 15 days, the eleilion of any member or members to ferve in parliament,

(hall continue more than fifteen days at moft (Sundays excepted ;) and if fuch poll (hall continue until the fifteenth day, then the fame (hall be finally clofed at or before the hour of three in the afternoon of the fame day; and the returning officer or of- Return to be ficers at every fuch election (hall, immediately, or on the day next after the finaj clofe of the poll, truly, fairly, and pub- poii^orthe Jickly declare the name or names of the perfon or perfons who day after, un-have the majority of votes on fuch poll, and (hall forth- lefs a fcrutiny with make a return of fuch perfon or perfons, unlefs the return- is demanded. , ing officer or officers, upon a ferutiny being demanded by any Candidate, or any two or more electors, (hall deem it neceffiiry to grant the fame; in which cafe, it (hall and may be lawful Regulations for him fo to do, and to proceed thereupon, but lo as that in for making alt cafes of a general eledlion, every returning officer or officers ©Va ferutiny having the return of a writ, (hall caufe a return of a member or 0 r members to be filed, in the crowa office on or before the day on

which

Hosted tfy.CjOO^lc

4**

Obje&ions to voters to be decided alternately.

Poll to be kept open fe-ven hours daily.'

Within two days after receipt of the writ, proclamation to be made of the election which muft begin between the loth and 16th day after proclamation.

Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGH III. c. 84. [1785.

which fuch writ is returnable; and every dther returning officer or officers, acting under a precept or mandate,* (hall make ? return of a member or members, in obedience to fuch precept or mandate, at lead fix days before the day of the return of the writ by virtue of which fuch election has been made 5 2nd fo th3t in cafe of any ele&ion, upon a writ iflued during a feffion or prorogation of parliament, and a fcrutiny being granted as aforefaid, then, that a return of a member or members (hall be made within thirty days after the c!ofe of the poll, (or fooner, if the fame can conveniently be done.)

ill. And be it enabled. That whenever a fcrutiny (hall be granted as aforefaid, and there (hall be more parties than one objecting to votes on fuch fcrutiriy, the returning officer or returning officers (hall decide alternately or by turns on the votes given for the different candidates who (hall be parties to fuch fcrutiny, or againft whom the fame (hall be carried on.

III.	And*) in order that electors may have full time and opportu-nitytopolU be it enacted, That all and every returning officer and officers, unlefs prevented by any unavoidable accident, (hall, during the continuance of the poll, on every day fubfe-quent to the commencement of the lame, caufe the faid poll tp be kept open for feven hours at the leaft in each day, between the hours of eight in the morning and eight at night.

IV.	And whereas inconveniencies may artje from the time allowed by the laws now in being for proceeding to an election of a knight or knights to ferve in parliament, for any county or Jhire in England or Wales; be it ena&ed, That, immediately after the receipt of the writ for making any fuch election, and indoriing on the back thereof the day of receiving the fame, as by law required, it (hall and may be lawful for the (heriff of fuch county or (hire, and he is hereby required, within two days after the receipt thereof, to caufe proclamation to be made at the place where the enfuing eledion ought by law to be holden, of a fpe-cial county court to be there holden for the purpofe of fuch ele&ion only, on any day, Sunday excepted, not later from the day of making fuch proclamation than the (ixteenth day, not? fooner than the tenth day; and that he (hall proceed in fuch eledion, at fuch fpecial county court, in the fame manner as if the faid ele&ion was to be held at a county court, or at ah adjourned county court, according to the laws now in being 5 provided always, That the ufual county court for all other pur-pofes, or any adjournment made thereof, (hall take jplace, be held, and proceeded in, by the (heriff, or his deputy, and may from time to time be further adjourned and proceeded in, in fuch and the fame manner, and at the fame times and places, as if the writ for the election of a knight or knights of the (hire had not been received.

V.	And whereas, although from the various and difputed rights of voting in fever a I cities, boroughs, and other places, a pojitive oath of qualification cannot be required from the elehors, yet it is apprehended that unqualified per Jons may be deterred from polling at fuch '

elections*

Hosted by

*7^5-] Anno vicefimo qutrito Georgii III. G» S4.	42	j

eieftioMy under fiflitious names or oiherwife, by requiring from electors previoujly to their pollings the oath or affirmation herein-after mentioned; be it therefore farther enabled. That, from and An oath to after the faid firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, upon every election to be made, within that	P

part of Great Britain called England or Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, of any member or members to ferve in parliament, in all cafes where no oath or affirmation of qualification, other than the oaths or affirmations againft bribery, or of allegiance, fupremacy, and abjuration, can now by law be required, every perfon claiming to give his vote at the faid election,

(hall, (if required by any candidate, or any perfon having a right to vote at fuch eledlion), before he is admitted to poll, take the oath (or, being one of the people called ^uakers, make the folemn affirmation) following; (that is to fay),

ID O fwear, (or, being a Quaker, do affirm), That my name The o&th# is A. B. and that I am	[fpecifying

the addition; profeffion, or trade of fuch perfon,] and that the the place of my abode is at	in	the county of

[and if it is a town confiding of more ftreets than one, fpecify- " ing what ftreet] ; and that I have not before polled at this elsblion^ and that I verily believe myfelf to be of the full age of twenty-one years.

which oath, or folemn affirmation, the returning officer or officers at fuch election, and his or their deputies and poll clerks, is or are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter.	>.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That, from and after the firft Returning of-day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, up- ficers^utho' on every eledlion of any member or members to ferve in parlia- rifedtoad-inent for any county, city, borough, or place, within England duH^^fcru-or Wales, or for Berwick upon Tweed, it (hall and may be law- tiny, ful for the returning officer or officers, if he or they .fee caufe, and he and they are in fuch cafe authorifed, during the continuance of any fcrutir.y which (hall have been granted as afore-faid, to adminifter an oath to any perfon whatfoever confenting to take the fame, touching the right of any perfon having voted, iat fuch eledtion, or touching any other matter or thing material or neceflary towards carrying on fuch ferutiny.

VII.	And vohereas it is expedient that all perfons employed as poll clerks at eleflions^jhould take an oath for the faithful dij charge of their bffice, but the fame is not at prefent required or authorifed by lawy except in counties and other places for which there are expr,fs provi-fions made by Jlatute; be it therefore further enadted, That, from PoH clerks to and after the faid firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hun-dred and eighty* five, at every eledtion of any member or mem- difcharge" bers of parliament for any city, borough, or other place, within of their duty. England or Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweedy every perfon whom the returning officer or officers (hall retain to adt as a clerk in taking the poll (hall, before beginning to take fuch poll,

be

Hosted by Google

424	" Aiitio vidblinio qumto GeoEGII HI. €. 84. [1785.

be fwoTh by fuch returning officer dr officers truly and indifferently to take tfre faid poll, and to fet dowh the name of each toter, arid his addition, pVofeffioh, 6r trade, and tbe plate of Ink abode, and For Whbfn hie fhall poll; and to poll no perfoti Who is ri’bt fworri dr put to fiis affirmation, whereby this, or any other ftatute, any oath or affirmation now is, or hereafter fhall be required, which oath of every fuch poll clerk the faid return-, ing officer or officers is or ate hereby authorifed and required to admirtifter.

PerFons tak- VIII. And bb it Further enacted, That if any perfon, in taking, or fub- jng any Oath 6r affirmation herein-before appointed of autho-to^Tke^a CrS ^d 10 ta^erl before ahy returning officer or officers, (hall falfe oath, li- thereby cotridlit wilful perjury, arid be thereof convidted ; or if able to the any perfoti ftiall Unlawfully and corruptly procure or fuborn any paius inflicted other perfon to take any fuch oath or affirmation, whereby he ^fand »ZGeo. or	comm^	fuch	wilful	perjury, and fhall be thereof

a’ c, 35.	* corividied, he or ftie fo offeriding fhall incur fuch pains and pe-

,	nalties as are inflidted in and by two acts of parliament, the onfc

made iti the fifth year of the reign, of the late Queen Elizabeth, (intituled. An aft for punijhment of fuch perfon as Jhall procure or coinmit any wilful perjury); the other inade in the fecond year of his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled. An aft for the hi ore ejfeftual preventings and further punijhment offorgery, perjury, and Jubornation of perjury; and to make it felony to fteal bonds 4 notes, or other fecurities for payment of money), for any perjury or hibernation of perjury, contrary to the faid adts. 1 Kottoextend IX. Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in to places this adt before contained fhall extend to or in anywife affedt, rula^reeSa-	regulate	the mode or time of proceeding at anyeledlion

tionB have °f any triertiber or triembers for any place where particular re-been enacted	gulations, touching the duration of	polls and ferutinies, rife fpe-

by Astute.	cially ehribted by ftatute, but that	every fuch elebtion (hall be

begun and carried ori in the fame manner as if this adt had not been made.

Where re*	X. And whereas ah aft was pajfed	in the tenth year of his prefent

turns have	Majejlfs reign, (intituled, An adt to	regulate the trials of.contro-

inade ?aVeled ^ted elebtions, or returns of members to ferve in parliament); committee Qhd another aft was pajfed in the eleventh year of his faid Majejly's may be ap-	reign, for explaining and amending the faid former aft: and whereat

pointed, con- no provifion is made therein for the haring and determining any pe-ic^Geo 3°c ^tioh, unkfi the fame Jhall complain of an undue eleftion or return of 16. and'n members to ferve in parliament; be it therefore enadted, That, Geo. $.c. 42. from and after the firft day of Augujl, ohe thoufand feven hundred arid eighty-five, if upon any writ or writs to be iflued for the eledtioh of any inember or members to ferve in parliament, no return fliall be made to the fame on or before the day ori Which fuch writ is made returnable; or if a writ (hall have been

iflued during any feflion or prorogation of parliament, and no return fhall be made to the fame within fifty-two days after the day on which fuch writ bears date; or if the return made in Either of fuch cafes fhall not be a return of a member or members.

Hosted by Google

j.] Armti	c[pintp	Gjeorgii	III.	c.	84.

bers, according to the requifition thereof, but contain fpecial matters only concerning fuch eledion; it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons, having had, or claiming to have had, a right to vote at fuch eledion, or claiming to have had a ' right to be returned as duly elected thereat, who (hall think himfelf or themfeives aggrieved, tq petition the houfe of commons concerning the fame; and upon fuch petition being pre- Notice of the fented, a day and hour (hall be appointed for taking the fame meeting of into confideration, and notice thereof in writing (hall ,be forth-with given by theTpeaker to the petitioners, and to the return- petitioners ing officer or officers by whom fuch return ought to have been and return-made, or (hall have been made, accompanied with an order to ing officers, him or them to attend the houfe at the time appointed, by himfelf or themfeives, his or their counfel or agents; and a felect committee (hall be appointed, according to thediredions of the faid two recited ads, for regulating the trial of controverted eledions; which committee (hall try and determine whether any, and which of the. perfon or perfons named in fuch petition ought to have been returned, or whether a new writ ought to iflue; which determination (hall be final to all intents and purposes; and the houfe being informed thereof by the chairman of the faid feled committee, (hall order the fame to be entered in their journals, and give the neceffary directions for ordering a return to be made, or for altering the return if made, or for theiffuinga new writ for a new election, or for carrying the faid determination into execution, as the cafe may require.	.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the rules, uI^°ns, regulations, authorities,, and powers, given or prefcribed by ^ either of the faid recited ads for regulating the trial of controverted elections, with refpedto feled committees to be appointed by virtue of the faid ads, or either of them, (hall be in full this ad. force and effed with refped to feled committees to be appointed by virtue of this prefent ad, in as Tull and ample manner as

if the fame were herein repeated and particularly and fpecially enaded concerning the fame.

XII.	Provided always, That if the returning officer oroffi- Whertreturit*-cers, by whom fuch return ought to have been made, or has canno^CbeS been made, cannot be found fo as to be ferved with the notice found, or da or order herein-before mentioned, or being ferved (hall not ap- not appear at' pear by himfelf or themfeives, his or their counfel or agents, comrftittees, at the day or time appointed for taking fuch petition into con- ^a bear?*** fideration, it (hall and may be lawful for the houfe to permit or pointed toap^ authorize any perfon to appear in the ftead of him or them ; pear in th.eir and in cafe there (hall be more petitions than one prefented, ftead, and jqpmplaining of fuch return, or omiffion of a return, on diftind ^^one^e-interefts, or complaining upon different grounds, the houfe tltion is pre-(hall determine from the nature of the cafe whether the return- fented, the ing officer or officers, or perfon appearing in the ftead of him houfe tode-or them, (hall, together with fuch petitioners, be intitled to the?theTe-C” ftrike off from the lift of members drawn by lot, jn the manner turningofficer direded by the faid ad, paffed in the eleventh year of the reign i3 to ftrike off

-Vo*. XXXV,	Ff	of

of 10 Geo. if c. 16. and 11 Geo. 3. c.43* extended to

'426

from the lift

of members drawn by lot.

Returning officers liable to profecution for offences againft this aft.

Returning officers may be fued for neglefting to return per-fons duly clefted.

Aft ions to be commenced within one year after the offence, or fix months after conclu-fion of proceedings in the houfe.

Poll may be adjourned ♦ from Win-chefter to Newport in the Ifle of Wight, &c.

Anno vicefimo quinto GeoRGII III. c. 84. [1785.

of his prefent Majefty, in the cafe where there (hall be more than two parties before the houfe, or whether fuch lift (hail be reduced by the parties feveraiJy prefenting the faid petitions only.

XIII.	And be it enafted, That if any fheriff, or other returning officer or officers, who (hall prefide at any eleftion of a member or members to ferve in parliament for any county, city, borough, or place, (hall wilfully offend againft, or act contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, every inch per-fon (hall be liable to beprofecuted by information or indiftment in his Majefty’s co'urt of king’s bench, or at any court of oyer and terminer, great feffions, or gaol delivery, tor the county, city, town, or place, where fueh offence (hall be commitred, in. which no Nolle profequi or CeJJet procejjus (hall be granted ; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV. And be it further enafted, That if any fheriff or returning officer fha!l wilfully delay, negleft, or refufe duly to return any perfon who ought to be returned to ferve in parliament for any county, "city, borough, or place within Great Britain, every fuch perfon may, in cafe it (hall have been determined by a feleft committee, appointed in the manner herein-before directed, that fuch perfon was intitled to have been returned, fue the(heriff, or other officer or officers, having fo wilfully delayed, neglected, or refufed, duly to make fuch return, and every or any of them, at his election, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftr^injhr^ or, the court of feffion in Scotland; and ihall recover double the damages he (hall fuftain by reafon thereof, together with full colls of fuit.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That every indiftment, information, or action, for any offence againft this aft, (hall be found, filed, or commenced within one year after commiflion of the fact on which fuch indiftment, information, or action (hall be grounded, or within fix months after the con-clufion of any proceedings in the houfe of commons relating to fuch election.

XVI.	Provided always, That, notwithftanding any thing in

this aft contained, it fhajl and may be lawful for the (heriff of the county of Southampton, and he is hereby required, after any poll for the faid county (hall have clofed at Winchejier, and which (hall always be clofed within the fpace of fifteen days at the moft, in the manner above required, to adjourn the poll to Newport in the IJle of Wight, in cafe the fame (hall be required by one or more of the candidates, fo that every fuch adjourned poll (hall commence within four days from the clofe of the poll at Winchejier, and (hall not continue longer than three days at the moft.	\

s

CAP.

Hosted by

Googk

*7^5*1 Anno vicefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 85—94.

CAP. LXXXV.

An aft for paving the footways in the borough of Reading, in the county of Berks; for better repairings deanfings lightings and watching-the fireetSs lanes spajfages, and places in the faid borough; and for removing incroachmentSs obJlruftionSs and annoyances there-froms and preventing the like for the future.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An aft for better watchings lightings and cleanfing fuch parts of the pretin ft of Saint Catherine near the tower 0/' London, in the county of Middlefex, as are not included in the provifons of certain'aft s pajfed in the feventh and ninth years of his prefent Ma-jiffs reign; and for preventing nuifances and annoyances therein#

C A P. LXXXV1I.

An aft for extending the Dudley canal to the Birmingham canal9 at or near Tipton Green, in the county of Stafford,

C A P. LXXXVIII.

An aft for lighting and watching the village fl/’CIapham, and certain roads leading thereto, in the county of Surrey.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An aft for fupplying the inhabitants of the parijh of Lambeth, and parts adjacents in the county of Surrey, with water.

C A P. XC.

An aft for the better pavings deanfings and lightings the JlreetSs lanes, ways, and pajfageSs within the borough of Arundel, in the county of Suffex ; and for removing and preventing incroachmentSs obflruftioniy and annoyances therein.

CAP. XCI.

An aft for taking down the market houfe in the borough of Bridport, in the county of Dorfet, and rebuilding the fames together with a fffion or court houfes in a more convenient fituation; for removing the fiambleSs or butcher row -> for better pavings deanfings lightings and watching the faid borough ; for removing and preventing mtifiances and annoyances; and for prohibiting the covering of any new houfes or buildings within the faid borough with thatch.

CAP. XCII.

An aft for drainings prefervitigs and improving certain low grounds • and carrs in the feveral parijhes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the eajl riding of the county of York.

CAP. XCIII.

An aft for the removal and rebuilding of the council chambers guild-halls and gaols of the city of New Sarum ; and for afcertaining the tolls of the markets and regulating the chairmen within the faid city.

C A P. XCIV.

An aft for repairings new pewing9 /eatings and erefting galleries9 and making other alterations and additions in and to the parijh church of Kidderminfter, in the county of Worcefter.

Hosted by

GoogI

Aflflo ficefimo^umtoOEOi^ii	£1785*

cap. xcf;-'1

An aft for rebuilding the^ parijh church tf/'Ghrift Church, 0/for-Wf/* The Holy Trinity, within the city of Briftol j and for

. widening ihejlreets adjacent thereto. '

G A P. XCVI.

An aft for amending two afts, of the eighth and fixtetrith years of his prefent Majefiy, for opening certain paffages* and for paving the ftreets and' other places, in the parifh of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and fuch part of Hog Lane as lies within the liberty of Norton Falgatey in the county of Middlefex, and for preventing annoyances therein.

CAP. XCVII.

An aft to enable the mayor and community and citizens of the city of London to pull down the Poultry and Wood-ftreet Compters, and to pur chafe certain ground and buildings within the faid city for the purpofe of rebuilding the fame.

CAR XCVIIL

An aft to enable his Majefiy to grant the inheritance of certain lands+ tenements, and hereditaments, fituate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the county of Middlefex, in exchange for the inheritance of certain buildings or bar rads, and land adjoining thereto * and alfo of certain ground contiguous to Tin mouth Caftle, in the county of Northumberland, belonging to the duke of Northumberland, or for fuch further or other compenfation as /ball be a full confederation for the Jame; and alfo to impower the faid duke to make fuch exchange.

CAP. XCIX.

An aft to enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from The'Trent to The Merfey* and the company of proprietors of the navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a navigable canal from the faid Trent and Merfey navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the county of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the faid county ; and for confirming certain articles of agreement entered into between the faid Trent and Merfey, the Oxford, and the Coventry, canal navigation companies.

C A P. C.

An aft for amending and improving the navigation of the river Arun, from Houghton Bridge, in the parijh of Houghton, in the county of Suffex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the parijh of Wif-borough Green, in the faid county; and for continuing and extending the navigation of the faid river Arun, from the faid wharf called Pallenham Whan, to a certain bridge, called New Bridge, fituate in the parifhes ^Pulborough and Wiiborough Green, in the faid county of Suffex.

END of Part I. Vol. XXXV.

Hosted by Google

THE

Statutes at lUrge,

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. Regis:

Being the THIRD Seffion of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Voi, XXXV. PaatH.

posted by C	ie

Hosted by Google

THE

J^tatutes at iLarge,

FROM

M'AGNA CHART A

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

ByDANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq. Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXV.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the U NIV E R SIT Y; (By Affignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathufft,)

for Jos. Johnson, in St. Paul’s Church-yard, and David Ogilvy, in Middle Row, Holborn, London. 1786.

CVM PRIVILEGIO.

Hosted by Google

Hosted by Google

THE

STATUTES at; Large, &c.

Anno	regni G E O R.	G11 III. , Mag~

nee	Britannia,Francice,	&

vicejimo	fexto*

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weft* minfter, the eighteenth day of May, Anno Domini 17 84, in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by	feveralprorogations,to the twenty-fourth

day of January, 17865 being the thirdfej/ion of the fixteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An aft for confining, for a limited time, the trade between the ports of the united fates of America, and bis Majejlys fubjefls in the ifland of Newfoundland, to breads flour, Indian corn, and liveflock, to be imported in none but Briti(h*to/A flips, ahually belonging to Britifh fubjeffs, <pnd navigated according to law, clearing out from the ports of bis Majefly’s European dominions, and furniflsd with a licence according to the form hereunto annexed.

WHEREAS// is expedient to regulate, for a limited time, Preamble* the trade between the ports of the united fates of America and his Majejlys fubjefts. in the ijland of Newfoundland: may it therefore pleafe youf Majefty that it may be enacted $ and be it enatfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the au-Vox,. XXXV.	G g	9	thority

‘ Hosted by

Google

43*>	. J . Anno vicefimo fexto GeoBgii III. c. 1. [17$6.

Reftridions thtJtitv df %ht fame, That, from and after the pafling of this tatioif a(^5 anc* during the continuance of the fame, no goods or com-goodsinto' modities whatfoever (hall be imported or brought into any Newfound- port, harbour,, or place, in thefifland of Newfoundland, or the land.	adjacent iflands to his Majefty belonging, from any place or

country belonging to the united dates of America, upon any pretence whatsoever, except bread, dour, Indian corn, and live flock, under the reftridtions and regulations herein after mentioned; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary not-withftanding.

IL^And itis herebyfurther .ena&ed by the authority afore* No bread, faid, That, from and after the pafling of this adt, and during flour, Indian the continuance of the fame, no bread, flour, Indian corn, or flock "to be* ^ve flock, Xhallbe broughtor imported, from any place or imported into country belonging to the faid united ftates of America, into any Newfound- port, hafbour, or place of the faid ifland of Newfoundland, or land from the the adjacent iflands to'his Majefty belonging, except in Britifl)-of America3 kuilt	which	actually	and	bona	fide	belong to and be

except InCa> wholly owned by Britifh fubje&s, and navigated according to licenfed law, and Which lhall, within the fpace of feven months previ-Britifh-built pus to^he .time of fuch importation, have cleared Out from fome fhips, etc. p0rt in Great Britain, or fome other part of his Majefty’s dominions in Europe, for which pur-pofe a licence fhall have been granted lay the ^cotnmiflioners of brs Majefty Vcuftdms in England or Scotland) nr the fcomnaiflioneri of his Majefty’s revenue in Ireland) or any other perfons who may be duly authorifed in tTiat kingdom, refpe<5livefy, in, the manner and form hereinafter mentioned; which licences fhall continue and be in force

for Jeven calendar months from the day of tlje date upon which they are refpe&ively granted, and no longer.

Xime for HI. Provided always, and be it ena<5ted, That no fuch granting	licence (hall be granted by virtue of this ad after the thirtieth

licences	day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven.

limited.	IV.	And jt js iiercby further enabled by the authority afore-

Mafterof vef- faid. That the mafter or perfon having the charge or command lei to deliver of any (hip or veflel to whom fuch licence (hall be granted ’ cuftotn houfe	upon the arrival of the faid (hip or veflel at the port, har-

officer at pert bour, .or place in the ifland of Newfoundland, or the adjacent of difcharge; iflands to his Majefty belonging, where (he (hall difcharge fuch bread, flour, Indian corn, or live flock, deliver up the faid licence to the collector or other proper officer of the cuftoms there, having fir-fl endorfed upon the back of fuch licence the marks, numbers, and contents of each package of bread, flour, and Indian corn, and the defeription and tale of each fort and whothall give fpecies of live flock, on forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and a certificate the collector, or other proper officer of the cuftoms at New-thereof, etc. fioundland, is hereby enjoined and required to give a certificate to the mafter or perfon having the charge or command of fuch fhip or veflel, of his having received the faid licence fo endorfed as before directed, and to tranfmit the fame to the commiffion-

ers of his Maje(lyrscuftoms in England*or Scotland3 or to the com-'*•" e	-	<	•	miffioners

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vteeiiriio feittt dioftGli III. C» t*	4$%

miffioners of his Majefty’s revenue in Ireland\ refpedively, ty whom fuch licence was granted# -

V.	And it is hereby further enafled by the authority afdre-

faid, That if any bread, flour, Indian com, or live flock, (hall Goods im-be imported or brought from any place or country belonging to Porte^ the faid united flares of America, into thefaid ifland of New-foundlandor the adjacent iflands to his Majefty belonging, with- felted* out the licence by this ad direded ; of if any other goods or commodities whatfoever (hall be lEhported or brought into the faid ifland of Newfoundland, or the adjacent iflands to his Majefty belonging, from any place or country belonging* to th<£ faid united ftates of America, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this .aft, ajl fuch bread, flour, Indian corn, live flock, and other goods, together with the (hip or veffel in which the fame (hall be fo imported or brought, (ball be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer of the cuftoms in the1 faid ifland, and the fame, as well as the pecuniary penalty in-fiided by this ad, may be fued for, profecuted, and recovered* in any court of vice admiralty which (hall have jifrifdidion within the faid ifland of Newfoundland\ and, after" deducing Hdw to Be the charges of profecuting the.fame from the grofs produce divided, thereof, the remainder (hall be given, one third to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, one other third to the governor of the faid ifland, and the other third ,to the officer or officers of the cuftoms who (hall feize and profecute for the fame*

VI.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-

faid, That this ad (hall continue in force from the commence* Continuance ment thereof until the twehty-fifthday of March, one thoufand tlli8 feven hundred and eighty-eight#

The Form of the Licence diredted by this Adi.

By the commiffmers for managing and caufing to be levied and collected his Majefty* s cuftoms, fobfidies, and other duties, in [where].	.

WHEREAS	[name of the perfon], one of

his Majefty s fubjefts refiding at	[place

where], hath given notice to us the commiffioners of his Majefty*i [cuftoms in Great Britain, or revenue in Ireland,] that he intends to lade at	[fome port

of the united ftates in America], and import into [fome part of Newfoundland], in the	[(hip’s name]* _

being a Briti(h-&*z7/ Jhip, [deferibing the tonnage, and what fort of veffel], navigated according to law, whereof [matter’s name] is majler, bound to%	[where]*

and it appearing by the regift er of the faid Jhip the [(hip’s name], whereof	[matter’s	name] is mafter,

that the faid Jhip the	[fhip’s	name]	was	built	at

[place where], and owned by [owner’s name], refiding at	[place	where], all his

G g %	Majefty*s

Hosted by Google

AnnQirijcefimo I&xto Georgii III. c. 2—4. [1786.

JMajeJlfii Jtritilh fubjeCIs, and that no foreigner, direClly or indirectly % bath any Jbare, party or interejl theretn:	*

r "tv:':''	!

Now. bt it known that the faid ,	,	fperfojTs	name], bath

licence to Jade on board the faid Jbip	flip’s name], df

and from any port or place belonging to the. united fates of America, breads flour, Indian corn* and live flock, the produce of the faid unitedfates, and no other, article whatfoever, and to carry the faid bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, to fome port or place on the ifland of Newfoundland, or theadjacent iflands to his Majefly belonging 5 and on the arrival of the fa id Jbip at any port, harbour, or place of difcharge in Newfoundland, br the adjacent ifands to his . Majefly belonging, the mofer or.perfon having the charge or command of the faid Jbip is required and enjoined to deliver up the faid licence to the collector, or other proper officer of his Majefly s cufloms there, and to eridorfe on the back thereof, the marks, numbers, and contents of each package of bread, flour, or Indian corn, and the defcription and tale of each fort and fpecies of live flock, on penalty of one hundred pounds; and Jhall thereupon receive a certificate thereof from the faid collector, or other proper officer of the cufloms.

This licence to continue in force for	calendar

months from the date hereof.

Signed by us the	at	the

this.. day of	one	thoufand feven

hundred and

Licence to import bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, the produce of the united flates of America, into Newfoundland.

C A P. II.

An aft to continue an aft, made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

45	Geo. 3. c. 61. further continued till one month after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament.

CAP. III.

An aft for granting an aid to his Majefly by a land tax, lo be raffed in Great Britain, for the fervkc of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, at 48. in the pound: 4,037,6471. 98. and a farthings \ whereof to beraifed in England 1,989,673!. 7s. and iod. farthing: and in Scotland 47,9541. is. and ad. by an eight months cefs of 5,9941. 5s. and id. three farthings, per menfem. Claufc of loan at 4I. and xos.

. per cent, per ann.

C A P. IV.

An aft for further continuing, for a limited time, an aft made in the twenty-third year of the reign of hi* prefent Majefly, intituled, An aft for preventing certain inftruments from being required from fbips belonging to the united ftate* of America; and to give to bis Majefty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fubjefts of his Majefty’a dominions and the w ■	inhabitants

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII III. C. 5—8.

inhabitants of the faid united ftates; and for further continuing, for' a limited time, an aft made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to extend the powers of an aft, made in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty, for giving his Majefty certain powers for the better carrying on trade apd commerce between the fuhjefts of hisMajefty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the united ftates of America, to the trade and commerce of this king* dom with the Britilh colonies and plantations in America, with re-fpeft to certain articles therein mentioned.

43 Geo. 3. c. 39. 24 Geo. 3. c. 45. and %$ Geo. 3. c. 5. v recited, and fur* ther continued until April j, 1787.

C A P. V.

An aft to regulate the exportation of hops to Ireland;

45 Geo. 3. c. 74. feft. 11. recited. From March 6,1786, Britifh hops may be exported to Ireland, before duties paid, on giving proper notice, &c. If not exported agreeable to notice, a frelh notice to be given. Security to be given that the hops ihall not be relanded, &c. Exporter to make oath that he believes the duties have been duly charged, &c. Particulars to be complied with before any debenture ihall be granted for a drawback. Colieftor to pay the drawback. Taking a falfe oath, &c. deemed peijury. Hops relanded after giving fecurity,

&c. ihall be forfeited Aft not to authorife exporting of hops to any* place, or in any manner,'not heretofore allowed ; except as in this aft is exprefsiy provided. No additional drawback to be allowed, penalties and forfeitures to be recovered as any penalty, &c. by the laws of exi cife, or by aftion in any of the courts of record at Weftminfter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and one moiety to go to the King, and the other to the informer. Aftions to commence three months next after the thing done, and to be laid*in the proper county. Defendant may plead the general iiTue, and have treble cofts..	.	.

CAP. VI.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fcrvice of the year one thouiand feven hundred and eighty-fix. — Continued till June 24,1787.

CAP. VII.

An aft for the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fliore.*

CAP. VIII.

An aft to enable the perfons therein named to provide proper places on ftiore for the reception of the crew of the Voorberg Dutch Eaft In* diaman, forced by ftrefs of weather into the port of Dartmouth.

That it is neceflary that fome provifion fhquld be made for the relief of the people belonging to the Voorberg, a Dutch Eaft India ihip outward bound, which on her pafiage from Aroftercfam was forced into the port of Dartmouth in great diftrefsj and in consequence of the great fatigue Suffered by the crew, they were become very fickly, many had died, and unlefs they were removed on ihore many more would have died; therefore Arthur Hoidfworth, efq; governor of Dartmouth caftle, together* with the mayor of Dartmouth, and the colieftor of the cuftoras, or any two of them, impowered to take pofieillon of wafte grounds or commons, at a convenient diftance from any in habited hou fe, or where fuch wafte grounds, &c. were not fufficient, of any other fground,, etc; not being a houfe, park, garden, orchard, yard, or planted wal^&c^for the purpofe of erefting tents or ftieds, for the reception of the crew of the fartl Ifiip, paying inch rate, rent, or confideration for the fame, as Ihall fee 3gfe6d on. If parties cannot agree on the sent* the fame to be fet-

G g |	tied

Hosted by Google

^34.	A»nd	viecfimo	fexta	Georgii	Ilk c, 9. [1786.

tied by r jury at the quarter feffions, who are to be impanelled by the (beriff without ice or reward, and (worn to Value the ground, See.

CAP- IX.

An to explain Qtid amend anaft of the laft fejfion of parliament, intituled> Att z&. for granting to his Majefty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain; for repealing feveral of the duties granted, by the faid aft, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

WrHJ£REAS feveral dutjes were granted upon Jhops, by an aff, made in the lajl fejfion of parliament, intituled, An adt for granting his Majefty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain:, mi whereas we, your Majefty s mo ft dutiful and loyal fab* Jeffs, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aJJ'embled, do think it will be for the advantage of the publick to repeal the duties upon jhops, the yearly rent or value whereof /ball be under thirty pounds9 and to grant unto your Majefty the feveral new duties hereinafter mentioned, to be applied to the ufes and purpofes which the faid duties formerly granted are now applicable unto; we do therefore xnoft humbly befeech Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and $ornmofc£, jn this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the 5i authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of tics on (hops,	thoufand	feven	hundred	and eighty-fix, all the duties

In houfes not granted by the faid adt (except the duty thereby charged on any worth 3ol.per houfe, or other building or place, of the yearly rent or value of ann. repealed, thirty pounds, and upwards) (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer pafid or payable; except only fuch monies as (hall become due* in refpedt of the faid duties affeffed at any time on or before the faid fifth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and which (hall be in arrear and unpaid.

Jjfew duties. _ II- And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, there (hall be charged, railed, levied, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, throughout Great Britain, the feveral and refpective duties upon (hops fierein-after mentioned; that is to fay.

For every For every houfe, or other building, now or hereafter to he part^o^which ere$ed* any part of which (hall, for the time being, be ufed (hall be ufed as as 3 (hop* publicity kept open for carrying on any trade, or for a retail (hop, felling any goods; wares or merchandize, by retail, and upon worth jl. per every building or place ufed as a (hop only, for the purpofes he-der iol^ad ^°re	of	(be	yearly	rent	pr value of five pounds, abd

in the pound; under ten pounds, the yearly fup of four-pence in the pound of fuch rent or value: w°rth *°1* For every fuch houfe, or other building or place, of the yearly ^ 8d?inrthe or vgfus’ of ten pounds, and under fifteen poppds, the pound:	fun*	of	eight-pcgge in the pound of fuch tm.orwfofi:!

for

Hosted by Google

preamble. 35 Geo. 3. Of 30*

1786.] Anno- wcefimb fexto'Georg** III. c. 9V-	*	435

For every fuch houfe, or other* building or place, of the; worth 15I. yearly rent or value of fifteen, pounds,, and} under twenty pounds* *^d underaol. the yearly fum of one (hilling in the pound' of fuch’ rent or pound*1 6 value :

For every fuch houfe, or other building or place, of thew°rthaoU yearly rent or value of twenty pounds, and under twenty-five pounds, the yearly fum of one (hilling and three-pence in the the pounds pound of fuch rent or value :

And for every fuch houfe,. or other, building or place, of the .worth 15!. yearly rent or value of twenty-five pounds, and under thirty pounds, the yearly fum of one (Hulling and nine-peace in the?pound, pound of fuch rent or value:	J	~

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadted by the author.

rity afonefaid. That no duty (hall be impofed, aflefied, or le- Poorperfons vied* by virtue of this, or of the faid,* necited act* for or in re(pe& not paying to of any fuch houfe or (hop, whereof the occupier or occupiers* church and by reafon of his, her, or their poverty only, is or are exempted P°°r>€XemP * from the axBual payment of the ufud taxes, afleflinems* and contributions towards, the church and poor.

IV.	And; be it further enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid* That the laid duties by this a£t: impofed, and alfo the New duties, arrears of the duties granted by the faid former ady (hall* ta-^ ?Cr* the^me* gether with the faid unrepealed duty of two, (hillings iu the mai^gement* pound on every fuch houfe, or other building or place, of the apsiapplied fa annual rent or value of thirty pounds* and *upwards* he under the fenae pur-the management of the fame commffioners, and (hall be afleifed, P°^> aIA*g" raifed* Levied, collected, paid, received, and applied*'by fitch andtormer e * the fame perfons, and for fuch and the fame purpA&s* and in

(uch and the fame form, and manner, and with fuch arsdt the feme allowances, and- under fuch and: tshe fau?ie penalties, as by> the fei#I recited ad* is prefcribed, with itefpetft to the duties? thereby impofed; and.alili and eatery the powers* authorities* rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, contained in the faid acf, and not hereby altered or repealed, fo far as. the fame were, intended to take effedt* ant} be executed after the faid fifth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, (ball be in full force, and be duly ob.^ ferVed, pra&ifed, and put in execution throughout the kingdom* of Great Britain, for raifing, levying, colle&ing, and paying, the feveral duties on (hops by this a& granted, as fully and effe&uaily* to all intents and pur poles* as if the* feme* qc tfee like powers, authorities, rules, dirwions* penalties, forfeitures, claufes* masters, and things, were? partseuferiy repeated aod re-' ena<fied in the body of this pr-efent a6h •

V; Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That* inftpatj of the Commiffion-oath required to be taken by the faid herein-before recited adf, ers to take a every cotnmiflioner who.fhafl, ftomandafter the faid fifth day of new oatiu Jpxik	fexea hqnd^d; ar\4	pr<^ed	tp

rn* qp begit* tq* a# rn the	of	the? (aid	ahd

of this. a&, (hall take the folbwing oath ;

Gg4	Ida

Hosted by Google

iThc oath.

lUTeffort

path;

f)eFendanta tnay plead th genial ifluc.

hnd recover treble colts*

Anno vfeefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 10—12. [1786.

IDO /wear9 That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commiffmer for the duties on /hops, and will determine upon all appeals which Jhall be brought before me, according to the bejl of my Jkill and knowledge.

And every afleffor, or furveyor or infpe&or authorifed to ad as affeffor, -{hall, inftead of the oath required to be taken by the faid herein-before recited ad, take the following oath, or, being a Quaker, make the following affirmation:	*	%

IDO /wear, (or affirmas the cafe may be). That in the af~ Jeffiment which I Jhall make upon every houfe, building, or place,. liable to the duties on Jhops, within the dijirift or parijh for which I am appointed or authorifed to aft as ajjeffior, I will rate each at the true annual value, according to the bejl of my Jkill and knowledge; and that I will truly and faithfully execute the trujls repofed in me as fuch affiffior.

Which oaths, as alfo all and every other oaths which may be requifite and neceflary for carrying into execution this or the faid recited ad, any two or more of the commiflioners within each county, city, or place refpedively, are hereby authorifed to adminifter.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

„ That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be * fued t>r profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of any matter or thing in this ad contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and if Upon a trial a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant pr defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble qofts to him or them awarded againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs.

C A P. X.

An ad for puniftnng mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their.quarters.

From March 44,1786, to March 45,1787. Number of forces 17,638, including 4,030 invalids.

CAP. XI.

An ad for enlarging the term of feveral ads of parliament, for the re* pair of Dover harbour.

ari & ia Gul. 3. p. 5. 4 Annie, c. 7. 4 Geo. 1. c. 13. 9 Geo. x. 11 Geo. 4. 31 Geo. 4. c. 8. Former ads further continued for ai years. Expences of this ad to be paid out of money arising from rates or duties. To be a publick ad.	'	^

C A P. XII.

An ad For opening, making, widening, and altering certain ftreets, paf-fages, and places, withip the town of Liverpool, in thexounty palatine of Lancafter; for fupptying the faid town with frefih and wholefome

water;

Hosted by Google

!*r8&] Anno vicefimo.fexto Georgii III. C. ij, 14.

water; for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances there- < in; for appointing additional market places; and for extending fo much of the power* of an a<ft of the fecond year of his prefent Maje-fty, as relates to hackney coachmen, chairmen, carters, and porters, to a certain diftance beyond the liberties of the faid town.

C A P. XIII.

An a6k to continue and render more effectual fo much of an a ft, patted in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, as impofes a duty on Ihips and veflels anchoring in the harbour of Alloa, in the county of Clackmannan, for repairing the pier of the faid harbour.

CAP. XIV.

An aft to prevent frauds and abufes in the admeafurement of coals, fold by wharf meafure, within the feveral parifhes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both inclulive, in the county of Surry.

Preamble recites 19 Geo. ». c. 3$• & 7 Geo. 3. c. 13. A land coal-meter’s office near Blackfriers bridge appointed, and five fubordinate offices, to be managed by David Evans and John Burnett; fubjeft to the controul of the quarter feflions. Juftices to adminifter oaths. Appointing other meters in cafes of death or removal. Principal coal-meter to be fworn. The oath, viz.

I A, B. do fwear, [or, being of the people called Quakers, do folemnljr affirm], That I will truly and faithfully, according to the beft or’my judgement and ability, execute the office of principal land coal-meter for the feveral wharfs between Putney and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclulive, in the county of Surrey.

t	So	help	me	GOD.

Labouring meters to be appointed, and deputies. Pcfcalty on principal meters for not appointing, and on labouring meters for neglecting to attend. Labouring meter’s oath, viz.

I A. B, do fwear, [or, being of the people Called Quaker*, do folemnly affirm]. That I will duly and faithfully, to the beft of my ikill and knowledge, execute the office of one of the labouring coal-meters for the feveral wharfs fituate between Putney and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclulive, in the county of Surrey, and that.I will truly and impartially meafure, or fee meafured, all coals between buyer and feller, without favour or hatred.

So help me GOD.

Meters not to be interefted in the fale of coals. Deputies neglecting to fend a labouring meter, or labouring meters not attending on notice, to forfeit aos. Stations of labouring meters to be varied. Coals to be meafured in prefence of a labouring meter. Coal-meter’s fee, 4d. per chaldron. Tickets to be delivered to the feller or carman, to contain thechriftian and furname of the fellers and containers, the quantity, day of the week, month, year of delivery, and admeafurement; the amount of the metage charge, and the name of the carman, &c. Tickets to be delivered by labouring meter to carman, and by him to the con-fumer. Labouring coal-meters refufing to deliver ticket to the carman, to forfeit 4d$. and on the carman refufing to deiiver it to the confumer, 108. Vender fending coals unmeafured or without a. ticket, to forfeit iol. % Dimen lions of tacks to be 4 feet in length, and % feet in breadth ; and for ufingfalfe bulhel, to forfeit 5I. Wharfingers, &cvbribing meters, to forfeit 50I. Meters permitting deficient fecks to be ufed, to forfeit 40s. or otherwise not performing their duty, 40s, add incapacitated. ILfhe penalty it not paid within a month, it maj be recovered from, the

principal.

Hosted by Google

Apoavicefimo fexto Geougii III. c. 15,16. [1786.

principal. Exemptions with refpeft to water-works, or to coals bought and fold, or delivered by pool me afore; if a meter is employed, to be paid 4d. per chaldron. Meters fullering coals to pafs without being roeafured, to forfeit 5I. Carman permitting coals to be taken out of his cart, to forfeit'408. or be imprifoned. Coals may be re-meafured. Penalties on vender, meter, etc. if found to be Ihort meafure, 5I. per bulhel Ihort, by the vender, and as. 6d. by per bulhel by the coal porter* Carmen to be paid as. $d. per hour when hopped to re-rneafure coals, to be paid by the vender. Dealers offending under this aft not liable to penalties of 3 Geo. a. c. a6. etc. but as herein mentioned. Penalties and forfeitures if above jt. to be recovered by aftion of debt, etc. in any court of record at Weftminfter, one moiety for the King and the other with cofts to the profecutor; and under 5!. to be by complaint to the juftices of Surrey, one moiety to the informer, ana the other to the poor of the panto; to be recovered by diftrefs and faleof goods, and in default, 30 days' imprisonment. Perfon* aggrieved may appeal to the quarter felftoaa. No certiorari, Aftions to commence a months next after faft, and to be laid in Surrey. The defendant may plead the general iffue, and have full colts. Referv-jng the rights of the corporation of the city of London within Southwark, . Publick aft,

C A P. XV.

An aft for augmenting and afcectaining the income of the reftors of the parilh church and parochical chapel of Liverpool.

Recital of private aft 10 & n Gul. 3. n°. 36. apoL annually paid the ye&ors fince the aft, Refolution of the veffry to make an addition of 300L a year to the reftors, etc. The additional apol. a year to be raifed upon the occupiers of houfes, etc. and to be regulated by the poor’s rate of the preceding year. Rower to levy the rate. The coK leftors ate to account with the churchwardens on oath. Itr cafe the whole money qollefted toali not be received from the colleftor, a new yate to be made ta make good the deficiency. Appeal to the quarter feffions. The provifion by this aft to be in lieu of tythes, etc. Not to deprive the reftors of furptice fees. The aool. a year to be, paid the reftors half-yearly. Power for rectors to fue for the fame. Not to Charge any poor perfons or cottagers with the rates for the rectors* who are not chargeable with publick taxes; nor any inhabitant no* renting jl. a year. Saving claufe to the patrons of the parilh church and chapel. ^ Claufe reflecting feat* and pews in Saint Nicholas Chapel, Rews vetted m the.reftors. The inhabitants difeharged from providing any houfe or garden for the rectors, Publick act.	-

Preamble.

14 Geo. “3# c.

CAP. XVI.

An aft to explain and amend certain provifions of an aft9 made in the twenty-fourth year of tie reign of bis prefent Majefth refpetting the better regulation and management of the affairs of the Eaft India company,

WHEREAS, by virtue of an afty made andpajfed in the twenty-fourth year of bis prefent Mayefly's reigny intituled% An aft for the better regulation and management of the affair* pf the. Eaft India company, and of the Britijk pofTeflipn* in India y and* for ,ofta)blij[ning a court of judicature £qr the more fpeedy and effeftual . trial of perfons accufed of offences, eomr mittwin the Eaft Indies y it is ena&ed* That whenever any fyacancy oftkl office of governor genetal or prefldent% or of any memeffftht

imWxftwhdpjfw h mff pf^dewies.ff Witifam in Bengal, Fort Saint George, ^Bombay refpeftwtlys the court cf ifir&Hrs ef the /did i&ited company flmU proceed H nominate and up*

' ^point

Hosted by Google

iy8$.J Anno vlcefinio fexto GeoRgii III. C. x6.

point a fit perfon to fupply fuck vacancy from amongft their covenanted

fervants in India, except to the office of governor general, or the office

of governor or prefident of Fort Saint George, or Bombay, or of

any commander in chiefs to which feveral offices the faid court of

directors have liberty to appoint any other perfon or perfons: and

whereas a doubt may arife whether, according to the firift letter of

the Jdid aft, the nominations and appointments, made or to be made by

the faid court ofdir eftors, of any of the covenanted fervants of the

faid company to fupply the vacant office of any counfellor or counsellors-

in any of the prefidencies aforefaid, are or would be valid or effectual}.',

unlefs fuch covenanted fervants were actually refident in India at the

times of the making of fuch nominations and appointments refpeftively :

therefore, for obviating any fuch doubt, may it pleafe your

moft excellent Majefty that it may enafled and declared ; and

be it enadted and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty,

by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and

temporal, and commons, in jhis prefent parliament aflembled,

and' by the authority of the fame, That the nominations and Certain no-

apprrifctments which have been, or (hall hereafter be made by filiations of

the faid court of dire&ors, for fupplying any fuch vacancy or f^vants by

vacancies as aforefaid, of any perfon or perfons under covenant, the court of

or who (hall have been under covenant to ferve the faid united directors de-

company in India, were and (hall be accepted, held, and taken dared valid.

to have been^nd hereafter to be valid and effectual, wherefoever

fuch perfons were or may happen to be refident at the times of

the making fuch nominations and appointments refpedlively.

■II. Provided always, and be* it further enacted by the au- No perfon to thority aforefaid, That the faid court of directors (hall not ap- be appointed point any perfon to be of the council, in any of the faid prefi- C°t the dencies, (other than the governor general, or the governor or governor ge-prefiden^ or commander in chief), who (hall not, at the time neral, etc.) of his appointment, have been twelve years at the leaft, in the who has not whole, refident in India, in the civil line of the company’s fer- l,ee” years vice; and if any fuch appointment other than as aforefaid (hall ISfcr-be made,.the fame {hall be null and void.	vice.

III.	And whereas it is in and by the faid aft alfo enafted, That A claufe in when and fa often as the number of members of any of the councils of2* Gco: 3*c* Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, Jhall by death or recitcd» abfence, or by reafm of fuknefs, or otherwife, for fourteen days.", be reduced to two, including- the. governor general, or preftdent of fuch council, the perfon who Jhallfiand fenior in fuch provifional appointment as is therein before mentioned, or in cafe there Jhall be no fuch appointment, then the fenior civil fervant of the faid company upon the fpotfball be called to fitch council, and Jhall have a voice therein, in like manner as if be had been appointed thereunto by the. faid direftqrs:

■and whereas the faid recited claufe orpfovifio# hath been produftive nf difficulty and etnbarraffinent: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That fo much and fuch part of the faid and repealed* vedted as dirpdts that the fenifcf civil fervant of the com* patiy upon the fpot (hall, upon any of thr oecafions, or in any ^f tfre events aforefaid, be catted to th$ council of any of-the V	faid

Hosted by Google

Temporary Counfellors how to he appointed at Fort William, etc.

Part of the recited act, relative to commanders in chief, repealed.

Anno vicdimo fexto Georgii III. c. \6. [1786:

faid prefidencies, or have voice therein, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That when and fo often as the number of members of any of the councils of Fort Williami Fort Saint George, or Bombay, (hall, by death or refignation, be reduced to two, including the governor general, or the prefident of fuch council for the time being refpedHvely, and there (hall happen to be no perfon on the fpot provifionally appointed to fucceed to a feat in fuch council, the governor general and council within the prefidency of Fort William, and the governor or prefident and council of Fort Saint George, and the governor or prefident and council of Bombay, within their refpedtive prefidencies, (hall, and they are hereby feveraliy required to call to fuch their refpe&ive councils fuch peffon from amongft the civil fervants of the faid company in fuch government or prefidency refpe£ively, who (hall have been in the fervice of the faid company in India, as a covenanted fervant, for the fpace of twelve years, at the leaft, in the whole, as the faid governor general and council, or governors or prefidents and councils, in their feveral prefidencies, (hall feveraliy and refpedively think fit; and the .perfon fo called:(hall have^t feat and voice in council, and continue to be a member thereof until the vacancy (hall be duly fupplied and filled, according to the directions of the laid recited adl, and this prefentatftj add that every perfon who (hall be fo called by the faid governor general and council, or governors or prefidents and councils refpe&ively, to a feat in the council of any of the faid prefidencies, (hall be entitled, for the time he (hall continue therein, to the falary and allowance annexed to that office or ftation, and (hall and may continue to hold any other office or employment which he enjoyed at the time of his being called to a feat in council, if compatible therewith; or fuch office or employment (hall and may be held by any deputy, approved and allowed by order in council, during the time of the perfon fo called holding his feat at the council board, fuch deputy receiving the profits and emoluments thereof for his own ufe and benefit.

V.	And whereas it is in and by the faid recited afl enabled, That the commander in chief of the company's forces in India for the time being fhall have voice and precedence in the fupreme council next after the govornor general of Fort William; uni that the commanders in chief at Fort Saint George, and Bombay Jhall refpeftively be 'of the council in the faid refpeflive prefidencies: and whereas it may be more expedient that any fuch commander in chief Jhould not, by virtue of his faid office, be a member of any of the faid refpeftive councils, unlefs he be fpecially appointed thereto: be it therefore enacted, That fo much and fuch part pf: the faid a& as'direds, that the com* mander in chief of the company’s forces in India for the time being, or the commanders in chief in the prefidencies or fettle* ments of Fort Saint George and Bombay(hall, by virtue of their faid refpedtive offices, be a member or members 6f any of the councils of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay,re-

fpedUvely* .

Hosted by Google

1.786.] Ahno vicefimo fexto GEokcirliL c. 16.	441

fpe&ively, or have any voice or prefidence therein, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That nothing in this Directors or in any former adt contained lhall extend to preclude the may appoint court of dire&ors of the faid united company from appointing fu^^uTbe the commander in chief of tjie companyVforces in India to be governor ge* governor general or a member of the fupreme council at Fort neral, etc. at IVilliam in Bengal; or from appoihting either of the faid com- Fort Wil-manders in chief of Fort Saint George and Bombay, to be prefident

or member of the council for the prefidenoy wherein he (hall fo derTn^fef* be the commander in chief 5 or to prevent or preclude the court of Fort Saint of directors of the faid company from appoihting the governor George, or general of Bengal, or any other member of the fupreme council Pombarv?to for the time being, to be the commander in chief of the com- thereCetc pany’s forces in India,; or from appointing either of the gover- 9 nors or prefidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or any of the members of council of the faid refpedtive prefidencies for the time being, to be commander in chief of the forces within the fame prefidency of which he (hall be the governor or prefident, or a member of council, if the faid court of dire&ors (hall think fit and expedient fo to do.

VII.	And whereas it would tend greatly to the Jlrength andfecu-rity of the Britiflv pojjejjtons in India,and give energy, vigour, and difpatch to the meafures and proceedings of the executive government within the refpeftive prefidencies, if the governor general of Fort William in Bengal and the feveral governors or prefidents of Fort Saint George, and Bombay, were vefied with a diferetionary power of afting without the concurrence of their refpeftive councils, or forbearing to aft, according to their opinions in cafes of high importance ,• and ejfentially offefting the publick interejl and welfare, thereby fub-jefting thetnfelves perfonally to anfwer to their country for fo afting or forbearing to aft $ be it therefore enacted. That when and fo often in extraordi-as any meafure or queftion (hall be propofed or agitated in the nary cafes, the fupreme council at Fort William in Bengal, ox in either of the ^ove]rnor ge" councils of Fort Saint George and Bombay, whereby the interefts ^^actwith-of the faid united company, or the fafety or tranquillity of the out"the con-Britifh poffeflions in India, or any part thereof, are or may, in* currence of the judgement of the governor general, or of the prefidents of the council, fuch councils refpedfively, he eflentially concerned or affe&edj

and the faid governor general, or fuch prefidents refpe&ively,

(hall be of opinion, that it will be expedient either that the meafures fo propofed or agitated ought to be adopted or carried into execution, or that the fame ought to be fufpended, or wholly reje&ed, and the feveral other members of fueh council then prefent (hall differ in, and diflent from fuch opinion, the faid governor general, or the prefident of fuch council, and the other members thereof, (hall, and they are ^hereby directed forthwith mutually to exchange with, and communicate in council to each other in writing, under their refpective hands,

(to be recorded at large on their fecret confultations), the re-fpedlive grounds and reafons of their refpeftive opinions 5 and

Hosted by Google

44,4.	_ AliDO.jn£^flip'&kMG^oft6nllt:JC. [17^

if, after confidering the fame, the (aid governor general, or the faid prefidents refpedively, and the other members of the fa id council fhall fever^Uy retain their opinions, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid governor general in the fupreme council of Fort William* or for either of the faid governors or prefidents in their refpedive councils, to make and declare any order {to be figaed and fubferibed by the faid governor general, or by the governor or prefident making the fame) for fufperid-. ing ot rejecting the meafure or queftion fo propofed or agitated* in part or in whole, or to make and declare fuch order and re-folution for adopting and carrying the meafure fo propofed or agitated into execution, as the faid governor general, or the faid governors or prefidents in their refpedive councils, (hall think fit and expedientwhich faid laft mentioned order and resolution, fo made and declared, (hall be figned, as well by the faid governor general, or the governor or prefident, fo making and declaring the fame* as by all the other members of the council then prefent, and (hall be as effectual and valid, to all intents and purpofes, as if all the faid other .members had advifed the fame, or concurred therein; any thing in the faid former ad contained to the contrary notwithftan<Jing; ?od the faid members <of council, and all officers civil and military, and all other perfons concerned, (hall be, and they are hereby commanded, authorifed, and enjoined to be obedient thereto, and to be aiding and affifting in their refpedive Rations in the carrying the fame into execution.

Governor ge* VIIL And be it further enabled. That the faid governor general, etc. to neral, or the governor or prefident who (hall declare and com-be^refponu- manj any fuch or(jer or refolution to be made and recorded without the affent or concurrence of any of the other members of council, (hall alone be held refponfible for the fame, and the confequences thereof, the powers IX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing given toThe *n ^is ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, governor ge- to give power to the faid governor general of Fort JVtlliam in neral, etc, Bengal* or to either of the faid governors or prefidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay refpedively, to make or carry into execution any order or refolution which, before the paffing of this ad, could not have been lawfully made and executed with the concurrence of the councils of their refpedive governments of prefidencies; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded and declared, Bifcretionary That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued be^exerdfcd ° to cxten<*>to g*V€ any diferetionary power or authority of ading by any gover- or forbearing to ad, without the concurrence of the other mem-nor general, bers ofcouncil, unto any perfonon whom the faid office of governor etc. who (hall general, or the faid office of governor or prefident, refpedively* ceed\o fuch happen t0 devolve, by the death or refignation of any go-office.	vernor general, governor or prefident, for the time being re*

fpedively, unlefs fuch perfon (hall have been provifionally ap*

pointed

17^8 6-1 Anno vicefimo iettO Gfio&fiilitL C.i& pointed to fwcceed to fiidi refpedive office by the court of di-redors of the faid company* or unlefs and. until he Avail be afterwards confirmed in the (aid.office by the faid court; but that* during the time any of the faid offices Avail be fo held and exe-cured by any perfon, op whom the fame Avail have fo ©a&aliy devolved, unlifs he Avail have been fo provisionally appointed thereto, or until he Avail be fo confirmed therein as aforefaid, all matters, a61s, orders, and re foliations of the refpedive council wherein fuch perfons Avail fo prefide. Avail be determined by the majority of the council, in the like manner as if this ad had not been made; any thing herein^before contained,to,,the contrary notwithftanding.	•	*.>

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That nothing herein contained Avail intitle the faid governor general of Fort William in Bengal^ or either of the governors or presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay,. refpedively, to make or carry into exect*-lion any order or refolution without the concurrence of the councils of their refpedive governments* in any matter which Shall come under the confideration ©f the faid governor general and governors or presidents, and their councils refpedively, in their judicial capacity, or with refped to the making or repealing or fafpending any general rule, order, or regulation, for. the good order and civil government of the faid: united company’s fettlements, or with refped to the itnpofing of any tax or duty within their refpedive governments or prefidencies.

XIL And be it; further enaded, That all; orders and other proceedings of the faid fupreme council;-and of the faid councils ;oS Fort Saint George md Bombay, rd|>edi:vely, Avail in future be expreffed to be made by the governor general■ in council, or by the governor or prefident in council, and not other wife ; and that all the faid orders and proceedings, previous to their being pub-li Aved in the refpedive prefidencies. Avail befigned by the chief fecretary to the council of the prefidency, or his deputy for the time being, by the authority of the governor general in council, or the governor or prefident in council; any act or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding,

XIII.	And whereas the principle of promotion and advancement intended to be eftablijbed by the faid aft, fo far as relates to the civil line of the company’s fervice in India, may be tarried into effcft with more convenience to the publitk fervice in the manner herein-after dire ft ed ; be it therefore further enacted. That all vacancies, happening in any of the offices, places, or employments, in the civil line of the company's fervice in India, (being under the degree of a member of the council}. Avail be from time to time filled up and fupplied from amongft the fervants of the faid company belonging to the prefidency wherein fuch vacancies Avail refpedively happen, fubjed only to the reftridions in this ad contained, and no otherwife; any thing in the faid former ad contained to the contrary notwjthftanding.

XIV* Provided always, and be it enaded, That in the filling up and fupplying fuch vacancies, no office, place, or employment.



Certain cafes in which the new powers fhall not be exercifed by the governor general, te.

By whom the orders of the fupreme council, tertian be ex- . prefled to he made.

Vacancies m civil offices how to be fop* plied.

Rules to be obferved in filling up fuch vacancies.

Hosted by

Google

K6 perfoii to bold feveral offices to a greater a* mount than he is qualified to hold in a tingle office.

Members of |he fecret committee to be fworn.

Anno vicdfitnorfottb GEoftoilllL c, i6\ [178&

ployment, the falaty, perquifites, and emoluments whereof fhaJI ekceed-fivfe hundred* founds per annumr ihall be conferred upon or granted to any of the faid fervants, who (hall not have been actually refident in Indict) m the com party’s fervice, for the fpace of three years atthfe leaft in the whole, antecedent to fuch vacancy; and if the falary, perquifites, and emoluments of any office, place, :or:emptoyment, (hatbejeceed. one thoufanAfive hundred pounds per annum, the fame (hall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the fard fervants who (hall not have been adually refident \wlndia, in the faid fervice, for the fpace of fix years at the leaft in the whole, antecedent to fuch vacancy 5 and if the falary, perquifites, and emoluments of any office, place, or employment, fhall eiceed three thoufand pounds per annum, the fame (hall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the faid fervants, who (hall not have been actually refident in India, in the company’s fervice, for the fpace of nine years at the leaft in the whole $ and if the falary, perquifites, and emoluments of any office, place, or employment, (hall exceed four thoufand pounds per annurh)the fame (hall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the laid fervants, who (hall not; have been actually refident in India, in the company’s fervice, for the fpace of twelve years at the leaft in the whole, antecedent to fuch vacancy 5 and that all appointments, advancements, and promotions, which (hall be made for fupplying any fuch vacancies, other than:as aforefaid, (hall be null and void.	*

XV* And be it further enaded. That no perfon (hall, for Jhe future be capable of taking, in the civil line of the company’s fervice, two or more offices, places; oremployments, the joint amount of the falaries, perquifites, and emoluments of which (hall exceed in the whole the annual falary, perquifites, and emoluments refpedively prefcribed in the regulations and re-firidions before mentioned; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI. And whereas the faid court of direftors for the time being are, in and by the faid recited aft) required from time to time, to appoint a fecret committee, to confift of any number of the [aid din ft or st not exceeding three^for the particular purpofes in the faid aft fpecifed, but no oath of fecrecy was thereby provided or direfted to be taken by the members of fuch fecret committee ; be it therefore further enad-cd. That the oath of the members of the faid fecret committee (hall be of the tenor following; (that is to fay),

The oath. X A. B. do fwear, That I will, according to the beft of my fkili JL and judgement^ faithfully execute the feveral trufis and powers re-pofed in me as a member of the fecret committee, appointed by the court of direftors of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies; I will not difclofe or male known any of the fecret orders or inflrufttons which Jhall be given, communicated, or tranfmitted to me by the commijfmers for the affairs of India, concerning the levying of war9 or the making of peace, or treating or negotiating with any of the native princes or fates of India; fave

only

I786;] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGIJ III. C.	445

only to the other members of the faid fecret committee, or to the perfon or perfons who Jhall be duly nominated and employed in tranfcrthing of preparing the fame refpeftivdy\unlefs I Jhall be author ifed by> the faid tommijfioners to difdofe and make known the fame*

So help me GOD.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid oath (hall when be taken and fubfcribed by the prefent members of the faid fe- t0 bc taken* cret committee within fourteen days after this act (hall have received his Majefty’s a (Tent; and that the future members of the

faid fecret committee fhall take and fubferibe th_e faid oath, before they (hall refpectively proceed to act in the execution of the powers and trufts to them given by-the faid former act, and this prefent act; and the faid oath fhall and may be adminiftered 1 by the feveral and refpective members of the laid committee to each other; and being fo by them taken and fubfcribed, the fame fhall be recorded by the fecretary of the faid court of directors for the time being, amorigft the acts of the faid court.

XVIII.	Arid be it further enacted. That if the faid fecret Secret com-

committee, in the execution of their faid powers and trufts, mittee may fhall find it neceflary to employ any perfon in tranferibing or f^^8tran* preparing any fecret difpatches, orders, or inftructions, required 1	5

to be tranfmitted by them to India, under the direction of the faid former act, the faid difpatches, orders, and inftructions, fhall be tranferibed and prepared, either by thedecretary of the court of directors for the time being, or by the officer called The Examiner of Indian Correfpondence, for the time being, and by no other perfon or perfons, unlefs with the approbation and con-Tent'of the faid commiflioners for the affairs of India, or any three or more of them, for that purpofe firft had and obtained 5 and that as well the faid fecretary and examiner, as every other who fhall take perfon who (hall be intruded with the tranferibing or preparing an oath of fe-any of fuch difpatches, orders, or inftructions, ihall, before they crecy» lhall rerpe£Hvelv enter upon that duty, take and fubferibe, before two or more of the members of the faid fecret committee, an oath of fecrecy, as near unto the tenor and form of the oath herein-before provided, and directed to be taken by the members of the faid fecret committee, as the cafe will admit; and the members of the faid committee, or any two of them, are hereby authorifed and required to frame and adminifter fuch oath accordingly, and to atteft the taking and fuhfcribing of the fame by the faid fecretary and examiner, and all other perfons who, (hall be employed by them as aforefaid, and to caufe the fame to be recorded amongft the acts of the faid court of directors.	'	.	^

XIX.	And be it enacted. That this act (hall take place and Commence-have commencement in Great Britain, immediately after this °* act (hall have received his Majefty’s royal aflent; and (hall take a<^ *

place and have commencement, In the feveral prefidencies afore-Vol. XXXV.	JHh	faid.

Hosted by Google

44&	Anjio vlcefimo fexto Georgti III; c. i y^io. [178^.

faid, and in thev territories thereunto belonging, from the firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven. Publickatt* XX.. And be it further enacted. That this a<5t (hall be, and (hall be deemed and taken to be, a publick a£t.

CAP. XVII.

An act for paving, repairing, clean ling, lighting, and watching the ftreefs, lanes, ways, paffages, and places, within the town of Tewkefbury, and the precincts thereof, in the county of Gloucefter; for the removal of prefect, and prevention of future, encroachments, nuifances, and annoyances therein; for regulating carts and other carriages, and afceftaining the rates of carriage; and for widening fome part of the ftreet called Church ftreet, within the faid town.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the town and borough of Deal, and the parilhesof Ripple, Sutton, North-bourne, Great Mongeham, Little Mongeham, Tiimanltone, Betftian-ger, Ham, and Sholden, in the county of Kent. ,

The mayor, jurats, recorder, and common council men of the town and borough of Deal, in the county of Kent, for the time being; and feveral other perfons named commiffioners to hold a court to be ftyled the court of requefts in the town and borough of Deal. Commiffioners to hold courts the firft Monday in every month, and three of them to determine all caufes where the demand is under 40s. and above as. except for rent where the title may come in queftion, or teftamentary or matrimonial caufes, or any ecclefiaftical matter, or for money won at gaming, or forfeiture on ftatute or bye law, or where no promife or acknowledgment in fix years, with <$her ufual directions.

CAP. XIX.

An act to amend and render more effectual two acts, made in the fixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for erecting a workhoufe in the town and borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devon; and for fetting the poor on work, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the mayor and commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the county rates of Devon; and for applying for the relief of the poor in the faid workhoufe, certain furplus monies which have formerly arifen by the affeflment for railing the land tax in the faid town; and for granting further power to the guardians of the poor of the town of Plymouth, in the county of Devon.

A private a dt of 6 Anns, n°. 6. recited. A& 3a Geo. %, c. 59. recited.

CAP. XX.

An adlto amend, and render effedhial, two adts, of the ninth and fifteenth years of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

Adt 9 Geo. 3. c. 70. & 15 Geo. 3. c, 9. recited. Power to raife a further fum Of 6o,oool. by the company of proprietors of the Oxford canal navigation, their fucceffors and affigns at intereft, on the credit of the rates and duties, &c. Arrears of intereft upon the (hare due at Midfum-mer, 1785, mad^ ftock. Proprietors of (hares to have fuch dividends as the company (hall diredt, not exceeding 4I. per cent, per ann. till the canal is completed, and ^30,000!. paid off, or j per cent, per ann. afterwards. Intereft of the money borrowed to be paid, in preference to

dividends

Hosted by Google

1786 ] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. 0.21 — 24.'

dividends upon the {hares. Intereft of the money borrowed by virtue of aft 15 Geo. 3. to be firft paid. Proprietors may become pofleffed of one hundred {hares each. Power to convey water to the canal from Churchover. The reftriftion againft conveying cpals from the canal down the Ifis, Charwell, and Thame towards London, varied, and coals, &c. may be carried to Reading.

C A P* XXL

An aft for repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Dumbarton.

The preamble recites that the powers granted by the law in Scotland, relative to highways and bridges, and the fervices in work and money authorized to be exafted, have been found inefficient to amend and keep in repair the roads and bridges within the county of Dumbarton ; therefore it is enafted, That the faid county be divided into fix diftrifts, viz. Row and Rofeneath to meet at Row; Lufs and Aroquhar at Lufs; Dumbarton, Cardrofs, and Bonnill, at Dumbarton 5 Kilmaronock at Kirkhoufe of Kilmaronock; Old Kilpatrick and New Kilpatrick at Old and New Kilpatrick alternately; Eafterand Wefter Lenzie at Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch alternately* All perfons in his own right, or in right of hi8 wife, in aftual pofieffion, as proprietor or liferenter, of lands in the faid county, valued in the cefs books at one hundred pounds Scots, valued rent, and the eldelt fon of every perfon pofTeffed of two hundred pounds Scots of valued rent, as above, and the provoft and eldeft baillie of Kirkintilloch, and the baron baillie on the eftate of Cumbernauld, one of the guardians and truftees of minors, and the factors or baron baillies of non-refident heritors?, appointed truftees .to put this aft in execution.

5 C A P. XXII.	*

An aft for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fttiall debts within the town and port of Sandwich, and vill of Ramfgate, and the parifhes of Minfter and Saint Lawrence, in the Ifle of Thanet, Walmer Afh next Sandwich, Eaftry, Wingham, Staple, Goodneftone next WinghaEm, Chillenden, Npnnington, Woodnefborough otherwise Winfborow, Eythorne, Word otherwife Worth, Eimeftone, Prefton next Wing-ham, Ickhara, and Wickhambreux, in the county of Kent.

C A P. XXIII.

An aft for the appointment of an additional overfeer for the better government of the poor of the parifti of Weftbury, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. XXIV*

An act for building a new gaol and houfe of correction for the county of Salop, and the feveral boroughs, towns corporate, liberties, franchifes, and places within the fame $ and for explaining and amending an act made in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act for building a new {hire hall and guildhall for the county of Salop, and the town of Shrewlbury, in the faid county $ and for the other purpofes therein mentioned.

Jufticcs of the peace of the county, and feveral boroughs, &c. appointed commiffioners, but not to be interefted. John Flint treafurer of the county to be treafurer to the commiffioners, and Thomas Wingfield clerk of tlie peace for the County to be clerk to the commiffioners, on giving fecurity, and to have ialaries, &c. Commiffioners may treat for the purchafe of lands, and incapacitated perfons may treat for the fale of lands. Preinifei to be conveyed on payment of the purchafe-moneys In cafe of defect rftitlc, etc* thefums awarded to be paid into the hands

Hosted-by

Google

44-8	Anno	vicefimo	fexto GeoRGIi III. c.25.

ctf the treasurer, for the ufe of the parties interefted. Money paid to any corporation, etc. to be invefted in lands to be fettled to the fame tifes. Mefne profits may be recovered by the party intitled./ If the . parties neglect to treat, etc. the value to be fettled by a jury, with the ufual claufes for that purpofe. Monev to be raifed bv rates on the county, for building new gaol anrd houfe of correction. Afieffbrs of the land tax to afiefs and levy the rate. Rate not more than 3s. in the pound in the whole, nor more than 6d. in the pound in any one year. Monies raifed by this act to be applied firft to pay the expences of the act, and then to put the fame in execution. Commifiioners to caufe a gaol and houfe of correction for the county, boroughs, etc. to be built on or near s	the garden of Edward Pritchard near the cattle of Shrewfbury, Com-

mifiioners to receive and take propofals, and make contracts for building a; new gaol and houfe of correction, and may appoint a furveyor. Sub committees may be appointed. Power to dig materials out of commons and quarries, etc. That the wards and apartments be fo con-ftructed that the males be feparated from the females, both by night and * day, and the debtors, etc. from the felons according to the act, 14 Geo. 3, c. 59. For obtaining a fupply of frefh water, may erect an engine, etc upon the river Severn. Not to prevent places ufually fupplied with water, from a continuance of fuch fupply, etc. Recompence for damage to land in getting water. For fecuring a free circulation of air, no building, etc. (except fences not more than 5 feet high) to be ere&ed, nor fwine kept within 50 yards of fuch gaol. Materials vetted in the com-mifitoners. Perfons'obftructing or damaging buildings, etc. to be pu-nifhed. Power to remove priToners to the new gad, when completed, for removal of prifoners from other gaols and houfes of correction. After the gaol and houfe of correction is finilbed, and monies due on that account are paid, the commifiioners to pay the balance of their account to the treafurer, etc. to be difpofed of by the juftices at the quarter fefiions., Gaol and houfe of correction, when completed, to be infured, and fuppgrted at the expence of the county, etc. No fum to be expended in repairing the gaol, exceeding jl. without an eftimate. GaolerVand keeper’s accounts to be produced, and fettled at the quarter feffions. Boroughs, etc. not liable to any rate for infuring, etc. the new gaol. Juftices’ po*er over the new houfe of correction, etc. the fame as now. Juftices may appoint an apothecary and vifitors, and report to the feffions the (late of the gaol, etc. Accidental damages may be repaired by order of a juftiee. Gaoler’s falary at drferetion of the juftices. No allowance to be made to any perfon incapable of performing the office; except forage and infirmities, at the diferetion of the juftices, not more than 50!. per ann. to be deducted from the falary of the acting perfon. All laws applicable to the purpofes of this act, to be extended to it. Penalties and forfeitures, not otherwife directed, to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of goods. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefiions. Proceedings not to quafhed for want of form, etc, Perfons profecuted may plead the general iflue, and have treble cofts. Actions to commence fix months after the fact is committed. Recital of 13 Geo. 3. c. ao. is. 4d. in the pound being found infuffici-ent, the further fum of is. in the pound to be raifed. Power for com-miflioners to make avenues to the Ihire-hall and guildhall in Shrewf-bury complete.

GAP. XXV.

An aft for obviating all doubts which have arifen, or might arife, with refpeft to the exclufive power of the court of direftors of the Eaft India company to nominate and appoint the governor general and council of the prefidencj of Fort William in BengaL

Preamble.	f 17 HERE AS doubts have arifen whether, on the nomination and

YV appointment of a governor general> or any of thefeveral other

members

449

ijrS6*] Anno vlcefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 26.

members of the council of the prefidency of Fort William in Bengal, in the Eaft Indies, under and by virtue of an aft, pojfed in the tiventy-fourth year of his prefent Majefty s reign, intituled, An act for the better regulation and management of the affairs of the 14 Geo. $. Eaft India company, and of the Britijh poffeftions in India; and c* for eftablifhing a court of judicature for the more fpeedy and effedtual trial of perfons accufed of offences com mi ted in the Eaft Indies, his Majefty's approbation of the fame, under his ftgn manual, be by law required, therefore, for removing all doubts re-fpefting the fame, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be declared and enadted ; and be it declared and enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirltual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That his His Majefty’s Majefty’s approbation of the nomination and appointment of approbation the governor general, and of the feveral other members of the council of the prefidency of Fort William in Bengal, is*not, nor governor ge-fhall be neceffary to render fuch appointments refpedlively good neral, etc. of and effedtual in law; and that all nominations and appointments Fort William of any fuch governor general, or other member or members of not neceffary* the faid council of Fort William, by authority of the court of diredtors of the faid company, fincethe pafling of the before-mentioned adt, were good, valid, and effedtual in the law, notwith-ftanding his Majefty’s approbation of the fame was not fignified to the laid company, or to the court of diredtors of the faid company, under his Majefty’s fign manual.

CAP. XXVI.

An all to amend and render more effectual the feveral laws novo in force for encouraging the fijheries carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Bri-tifh dominions in Europe; and for granting bounties for a limited time, on certain terms and conditions.

WHEREAS the bounties granted to a certain number of veftels Preamble.

employed in the Britifb fijhery on the banks of Newfoundland, by an all pajfed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An adt for the encouragement of the fifheries 15 Geo. 3. carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britifb domini- c. 31* ons in Europe; and for fecuring the return of the fifhermen,

Tailors, and others employed in the faid fiiheries, to the ports thereof at the end of the fifhing feafon, will expire on the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven: and whereas, at the expiration thereof it is expedient that new bounties Jhould be granted, for a limited time, under certain conditions, limitations, and reftriftions: and whereas it has been found by experience, that feveral of the provifions and regulations contained in the laws now in force for encouraging the fijheries, carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, are inefficient to anfwer the good purpofes thereby intended, and that it is requifite that other provifions and regulations Jhould be enabled: to that end, be it therefore enadted by

H h 3	the

After Jan. i, 1787, bounties to be given to vefiels fitted out from Great Britain, etc. for the Newfoundland fifhery,

qualified, etc, agreeable to io8cnGul. 3 c. *5.

450	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1786.

the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and alter the firft day of January, pne thou-fand feven hundred and eighty-feven, the refpective bounties heroin-after mentioned (hall be paid and allowed annually, for ten years, to a certain number of (hips or veflels employed in the Britijb fifhery on the banks of Newfoundland, under the limitations and reftridtions herein-after exprefled; that is to fay. That fuch vefiels (hall appear by their regifter to be Briiifh-built, and wholly owjjied by his Majefty’s fubje&s refiding in Great Britain, Ireland, or the iflahds of Guernfey, Jerfey or Man; and (hall be navigated each with a matter, and at lead three fourths of the mariners being Britifh fubjedts, ufually refiding in his Majefty’s European dominions; and (hall be in other refpedts qualified and fubjedt to the fame rules and reftridtions >as are prefcribed by an adf, made in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled. An alt to encourage the trade to Newfoundland 5 and (hall be fitted and cleared outfrom fome port in Great Britain, or from the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Alderney, after the faid firft day of January, one thousand feven hundred and eighty-feven, and after that day in each fucceeding year, and (hall proceed to the banks of Newfoundland ; and having catched a cargo of fifh upon thofe banks* confiding of not lefs than ten thoufand fi(h by tale, (hall land the fame at any one of the ports on. the north, the eaft, or the fouth fide of the ifland of Newfoundland, between Cape Saint John and Cape Raye> on or before the fifteenth day of July in each year, and ftiall make one moje trip, at leaft, to the faid banks, and return with another cargo of fi(h catched there, to the fame port: in which cafe, the one hundred vefiels which (hall firft arrive at the ifland of Newfoundland from the banks thereof, with a cargo of fifh catcher! there, confiding of ten thoufand fifh by tale, at the leaft, and which, after landing the fame at one of the ports within the limits before mentioned in Newfoundland, (hall proceed again to the faid banks, and return to the faid ifland with another cargo of fifh, (hall if navigated with not lefs than twelve men each, be intituled to forty pounds each ; but if any of the faid one hundred veflels, fo firft arriving as aforefaid, (hall be navigated with lefs than twelve men each, and not lefs than feven, they (hall be intitJed to twenty-five pounds each: provided always. That if, in either of the cafes before mentioned, any of the one hundred veflels, fo firft arriving as aforefaid, (hall be wholly navigated by men going out upon (hares, that is to fay, receiving a certain (hare of the profits arifing from the voyage in lieu of wages, fuch of the faid veflels as (hall be fo navigated by not lefs than twelve men each, (hall be intitled to fifty pounds each ; and if fo navigated with a lefs number than twelve men, and not lefs than feven, (hall be intitled to thirty-five pounds each. And further, that (hall fo arrive, the one hundred veflels which (hall next fo arrive in order of

time,

Hosted by Google

Bounties to be paid the firft 100 vef-fels which fh*ll arrive at Newfoundland with a cargo of fiih ;

ditto to the l'econd ioo vefiels which

Anno vtcefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 26.	451

time, on or before the faid fifteenth day of July in each year, at the faid ifland, with a like cargo, and (hall proceed again to the faid banks, and return from thence in the manner herein-before mentioned, (hall, if navigated with not lefs than twelve men each, be intitled to twenty-five pounds each; but if fuch one hundred veflels, fo arriving as aforefaid the next in order of time, (hall be navigated each with lels than twelve, and not lefs than feven men, they (hall be intitled to eighteen pounds each : provided alfo. That if/ in either of the cafes laft mentioned, any of the veflels fo arriving next in order of time as aforefaid, lhall be fo navigated wholly by men going out upon (hares, that is to fay, receiving a certain (hare of the profits arifing from the voyage in lieu of wages, fuch of the faid veflels as (hall be fo navigated by not lefs than twelve men each, (hall be intitled to thirty-five pounds each; and if fo navigated with a lefs number than twelve men, and not lefs than feven, (hall be intitled to twenty-one pounds each; upon the matter or owner of every Certificates to fuch veflel refpecttively producing to the collector or other prin- be produced eipal officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, at the port in Great Britain to th* c<^le<> from whence fuch veflel was cleared out, or if cleared out from the g™* from either of the faid iflands of Guernjey, Jerfey,, or Alderney, to vernor of the colle&or, or other principal officer of the cuftoms in fome Newfound-port of Great Britain, a certificate, under the hand and feal oflan<j.®ft^e the governor of Newfoundland, that the matter of fuch veflel had of fhip«a etc, produced to him a certificate, under the hands of the collector v and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port from whence fuch veflel was cleared out, or if cleared out from the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Alderney, under the hands of the governor, or deputy governor, and principal officer of the cuftoms there, teftifying that fuch veflel was duly qualified to proceed on fuch fifhery in perfuance of the before recited aft, made in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of King William the Third 5 and that it has been made to appear to his fatisfa<ftion, by a certificate under the hand and feal of the haval officer of the diftrift in Newfoundland where fuch fifh was landed, or, where there is no naval officer, under the hand and feal of the commander of any of his Majefty’s (hips Rationed there, or of fuch officer as the governor (hall approve, fpecifying the time of fuch veffel’s arrival in manner before diredied, that fuch veflel was intitled, by the priority and time of her arrival, to one or other of the bounties therein mentioned, as the fa & may be; and that Matters and the matter and mate of fuch veflel had made oath, before fuch matestomake naval or other officer as aforefaid, that the number of fifh taken oatb* on the firft trip amounted to ten thoufand at lead by tale; that he had made two trips at lead, and that all the fifh on both trips were catched on the banks of Newfoundland by the crew of fuch veflel only; which certificate and oath the faid governor, and naval or other officer as aforefaid, are hereby impowered and required to grant and adminifter to the matter and mate of fuch veflel, without fee or reward; and upon delivering up the faid Colle&ors of certificate to fuch collector, the refpedtive bounties therein men- cuftoms to

Hh4	tionedP^theboun-

' *	ties*

Hosted by Google

45*	Anno	vi.cefimo	fexto Georgii III. c. 25.	[1786.

tionecj ljbaU be paid by fuch collector in fuch and the like man-<	ner, and out ot the fame/unds, as the bounties herein-before

mentioned to have been granted by tlie fajd recited a<3, made it) the faid fifteenth year of the reign of his prefect Majefty. Number of IL Arid be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, maHners^e- That in each and every certificate of a (hip being duly qualified longing to as aforefaid to proceed on the faid fifhery, there (hall be inferted each yeffel to the real number of the mariners then belonging to fuch veffe], the ceVt^fi510 anc* *nter^ec* tc> he employed in the faid fifhery, diftinguifhing ofequaHfica^e *low many °f them are new or green men, and whether they tiqp,	are hired upon (hares, or are to receive wages; which fa&s are

to be verified on the oath of the mafter of the veffel, made or taken before the -perfon who fhall grant the faid certificate, and who is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame, and to infert fuch fadts in fuch certificate; and if fuch veflels (hall be cleared out from the faid iflands of Guernfeyr Jerfcy^ or Alderney, then fuch oath (hall be taken before a ma-giftrate of the royal court, in the prefence of the principal officer of the cuftoms who (hall grant fuch certificate, the whole to be attefted by the governor of each of the faid iflands refpec-tivelv; on failure whereof, fuch veflels (hall be excluded from, the benefit of this adl, and (hall not be iqtitled to or receive any of the bounties herein-befpre granted,

III.	And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid. Certificates That the feveral certificates to be given and affidavits taken in given and af- Newfoundland as aforefaid, in order to fatisfy the faid governor in Newfound- the faid ifland, as to the f^dls to ground his certificate there-land, when to upon, as herein-before diredled, for the payment of the faid be tranfinit- bounties, (hall and are hereby required, within the diftrift of ted to the go- ga'lnt John's in the faid ifland of Newfoundland, to be tranfmitted yernor, j0 t^e faid governor at Saint John's, before the fifteenth day of

September in each year, and within any other diftridf in the faicj ifland before the thirtieth,^ay of September in each year, in order that he may perfectly examine the documents, and thoroughly inveftigate the fame, fo as to be able clearly and juftly to fettle the times of the arrivals as aforefaid of the feveral and refpeftive veflels, and adjuft the different bounties, and to whom they are and ought feverally to be paid.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Mdlers of That every matter of a veffel, entitled to any of the bounties velfcls, previ- herein-before granted, fhall, before he fhall receive the fame, ous to receiv- or any part thereof, make oath before the collector and comp-tie^ t^make" tro^er» or cbitef officer at the port in Great Britain where

v oath relative	2rrive	on	his	return	from the faid fifhery upon the

to the number banks of Newfoundland, that all the men belonging jo his ftiip of their men who failed out with him, or a number qf men equal thereto, xtturned. 2re returned to Great Britain, qnlefs any of his crew (hall have died at Newfoundland or in the faid voyage, either on the paffage out or return home, or have defined without his knowledge or confent, or have been (hipped in, or on board Britifb veffels ,	feoqnfl for foreign markets $ which fa&s fhall alfo be verified on

oath

Hosted by Google

453

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII III, c. 26,

oatjh by every fuch mailer, before the (aid officers or officer of the cuftoms, who are rel'peftively hereby authprifed and required to adminifter the fame.	9

V.	And whereas y by the faid recited aRy made in ihefifteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, it is enabled, That no hirer or {employer Jhall pay or advance to any feaman or fijher man y or either of them, during the time he Jhall be in his fervice y more than half the wages which Jhall at any time be dye to him: and whereas, in the cafe of green men, the advance of one half of the wages may not always be fujficient to fit them out and clothe them for the feafon ; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may whatpropor-be lawful for the hirer or employer of any fuch green men en- tion of their gaged in the faid filhery, to advance to any fuch green man, wages (hall during the time he (hall be in his fervice, a fum not exceeding ^ men five pounds ten (hillings, although the fame (hall amount to during the more than one half of the wages which (hall be due to him, pro- time of their vided a fum equal to the then current price of a man’s paffage fervice, home, not exceeding forty (hillings for each man, be referved

to bear the charge of his return home, as diredled by the faid before recited a<5t of the fifteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign.

VI.	And whereas in and by the faid recited afl, made in the fifteenth year of his prefent Majefiy s reign, it is direfled. That in cafe any feaman or fijherman Jhall at any time wilfully abfent himfelf from bis duty or employ, without the leave and confent of his hirer or employ ery or the agent of fuch hirer or employer, or Jhall wilfully negleSl or refufe to worky according to the true intent and meaning of his (ontraft or agreement, he Jhall^for every day he Jhall Jo abfent himfelf or neglebi or refufe to work, forfeit two days pay to fuch owner or employer; and whereas the faid penalties have been found inefficient;

be it therefore enabled, That, where any fuch feaman or fiffier- Penalty on man (hall fo wilfully abfent himfelf from his duty or employ, feamen, etc. without the leave or confent of his hirer or employer, or (hall abfenting wilfully neglecft or refufe to wo^k, for the fpace of one day, he from orneg-(hall, for every day he (hall fo abfent himfelf, or wilfully negled ie&ing their or refufe to work, forfeit any number of days pay not exceeding employ, five, as the faid governor of Newfoundland, or his furrogate, may think juft and reafonable; and fuch forfeiture fhall be paid to the hirer or employer of fuch feaman or filherman, in re-compence for the lofs or damage which he may have fuftained fey means of, or through fuch abfence, negledt of duty, or re-fjufal to work.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That, before any oil or blubber, imported from Newfoundland Mailer to be into Great Britain, (hall be admitted to entry duty-free, the (worn before mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or com- °jj °.r blubber mand of the (hip or veflel importing the fame, (hall make oath entry^duty-before the collector, or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the free. port in Great Britain into which the faid oil or blubber is imported, (who is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter fq'ch oath,} that the fame, and every part thereof, i$ really and

T	bona

Hosted by

Google

454	Anno	yicefimo fexto Georgii IJI. c. 26.	[1786.

bona fide the oil or blubber of fi(h or creatures living in the fea, actually caught and taken on the banks and (hores of the ifland of Newfoundland^ and parts adjacent, wholly by his Majefty’s fubje£ts carrying on «the faid fifhery from his Majefty’s European dominions, and ufually refiding in the faid dominions 5 any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIIL And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, A fimitar That, before any feal (kins, imported from Newfoundland into oath to be ^ Great Britain, (hall be admitted to entry duty-free, the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of the (hip or veflel importing the fame, (hall make oath before the collettor, or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the port in Great Britain into which fuch feal (kins are imported, (who is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter fuch oath), that the fame are really and bona fide the (kins of feals a&ually caught and taken on the banks and (hores of the faid ifland of Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, wholly by his Majefty’s fubje&s carrying on the faid fifhery from his Majefty’s European dominions, and ufually refiding in the faid dominions; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Claufe rela- That, in cafe any oil, blubber, or feal (kins, (hall be purchafed tive to oil,	;n the faid ifland of Newfoundland, or the parts adjacent, and

edCatPNew- imported into Great Britain from thence, the fame (hall and found land" may be admitted to entry duty-free, provided the mafter, or and imported other perfon having or taking the charge or command of the from thence (hip or veffel importing the fame, (hall make oath of all and BritainrCat evei7 particulars refpedting the purchafe thereof, before the u a lu collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the port in Great Britain into which fuch oil, blubber, or feal (kins, are imported, (who is hereby authorifed and'required to adminifter fuch oath); and (hall produce and deliver to fuch collector, or other chief officer, a certificate, under the hand and feal of the naval officer of the diftridt in Newfoundland where fuch oil, blubber, or feal (kins, were purchafed; or if there (hall not be any naval officer at fuch place, then under the hand and feal of the commander of any of his Majefty’s (hips, ftationed there, tefti-fying that oath had been made before him, (who is hereby authorifed and required, in fuch cafe, to adminifter the fame), by the perfon or perfons who actually caught the fi(h from which the oil, blubber, or the feals from which the (kins mentioned in fuch certificate was produced or came, that fuch oil or blubber was really and bona fide the oil or blubber of fifh or creatures living in the fea, or that fuch (kins were really and bona fide the (kins of feals, aflually caught and taken on the banks and (hores of the ifland of Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, wholly by his Majefty’s fubje&s carrying on the faid fiihery from his Majefty’s European dominions, and ufually refiding in the faid dominions: and provided fuch mafter, or other perfon having or taking- the charge or command of the (hip or veflel fo importing fuch oil, blubber, and feal (kins, (hall alfo make oath,

before

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII III. C. 26.	ASS

before fuch collector or other chief officer, (who is hereby au«* thorifed and required to adminifter the fame), that the oil, blubber, or feal (kins fo imported, are the fame oil, blubber, or feal (kins, mentioned and referred to in the faid certificate.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That, upon the importation of any foreign fait into this king- Bond to be dom from any place from whence, and in the manner in which given to his fuch fait may be legally Imported, the importer or proprietor of ^y^ent of fuch fait (hall be at liberty to give bond to his Majefty, his heirs the old fub-and fucceffors, for the payment of the duty commonly called fidy, etc. on The Old Subjidy, and all further fubfidies, imports, and duties, the importa-due and payable to and for the cuftoms upon fuch fait, wjthin tion ot *at* the fpace of twelve calendar months from the date of fuch bond, but without any difcount or allowance for prompt payment of the faid duties, or either of them ; which bond the collector and comptroller of his Majefty’s curtoms at the port of importation are hereby authorifed to take in his Majefty’s name, and thereupon to permit fuch fait to be entered and landed in the ufual manner; and if fuch fait fhall be exported again Such bonds to within the faid fpace of twelve calendar months, the bonds which be cancelled, (hall have been given for the faid duties thereon, (hall be can- eQCr‘tat”0nX* celled and difcharged; and in cafe the full duties payable to the thereof with-cuftoms for fuch (alt (hall have been paid at or before the expi- in 1% months,, ration of the faid twelve calendar months, and fuch fait fhall be afterwards exported into foreign parts within the time allowed by law, a drawback of all the faid duties which were fo paid (hall be allowed in the fame manner as the former drawback of the cuftoms upon the exportation of fait was, could, or might be paid ; and fuch fait (hall be fubjecft and liable to the fame rules, regulations, reftriclions, fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, (except where any alteration is made by this acft), as fuch fait was fubjecft and liable to by any a<S or acrts of parliament in force before the making of this aft.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That it fhall not be lawful to or for any perfon or perfons con- Not to ufe cerfied or employed in carrying on the faid fiftiery, or for any any fean or feaman or fifherman hired for the purpofe of carrying on the pet for catch* faid fifhery, to ufe, or caufe to be made ufe of, on the (hores of j^0 e the faid ifland of Newfoundland, any fean or net of any kind or than four in-defcription whatfoever, for the purpofe of catching cod fi(h by ches in cUr hauling fuch fean or net on (hore, or tucking fuch fean or net menfion. into any boat or boats, the fcale or mefh of which faid fean or net (ball be lefs in dimenfion than four inches, under the penalty of forfeiting the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch offence 5 which offence may be heard and determined, and the penalty hereby incurred (hall and may be recovered in the court of feffion of the faid ifland, provided that fuch offence be complained of within the fpace of three calendar months after the comrmflion of the fame.

XII.	And whereas it is ejfential to the naval Jlrength of Great Britain* that the deferiion of feqmen and fifbtmsn employed in the

fijhery

Hosted by

Google

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii Ilf. c. 2	[1786.

committed,

etc.

fijbery ^Newfoundland, and the parts adjacent^ Jbould be prevented: and whereas, by reafon of their fuperior Jkill as feamen and fijh-ermen, and as artificers of the implements and utmfils necejfary to the carrying on of fuch fijheries, they are, by great temptations, expofed to be Jeduced into the fervice and employ of the fubjefts of foreign fates: and whereas the regulations and provifons made in and by an aft, pajfed in the fifteenth year of his prefent Majeftys reign, hereinbefore mentioned, are not fufficient to prevent the defertion of fuch feamen and fijhermen to the fervice of the fubjefts of foreign fates; If any Britffti be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any feaman, etc. Teaman or fisherman, hired or employed in the carrying on of fhall defert or the faid filhery, (hall defert from the faid ifland of Newfound-fn>mNew-Clt or fr°m faid fishery, with intent to enter into the fer-foundland, vice of any foreign ftate, or of any of the fubje&s of any foreign with intent to ftate, or (hall have in any wife agreed fo to abfent himfelf or enter into the defert with fuch intent, or fhall have actually entered into fuch ford^nfta^ ^erv^ce as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the he may be * governor of Newfoundland, or his furrogates, or for the judge of

----’ the vice admiralty court for the time being, or for any juftice of

the peace in Newfoundland refpeclively, to iffue his or their warrant or warrants to apprehend fuch perfon fo deferting, or having agreed to defert as aforefaid, and on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or Vvitneffes, to commit him to prifon, there to remain until the next court of feffion which fhall be holden in purfuance of the commiffion of the governor for the time being; and if,found guilty of the faid offence at fuch feffion, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid court of feffion to order fuch defefter as aforefaid to be detained in prifon, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, in cafe he (hall have come from his Majefty’s Europeandominions for the purpofe of carrying on the fiftieries aforefaid.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch governor, within the fpace of three months, if he (hall fee fit, or as foon after as conveniently may be, to caufe every fuch perfon fo having deferted, or agreed to defert, to be put on board a paffage fhip or veffel, in order to his being conveyed back to the country to which he belonged, and for which the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, (hall be paid in manner herein-after mentioned ; and every matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch paffage (hip or veffel, (hall be, and is hereby required to take on board fuch and fo many of fuch perfons as the faid governor (hall dire<5f, not exceeding four for each one hundred tons cf the tonnage of fuch (hip or veffel, and fo in proportion for every fuch (hip or veffel under one hundred tons • provided nevertheJefs, That no perfon (hall be fo put on board of any (hip or veffel which (hall not be of the burthen of forty tons: but if any perfon or perfons convi&ed of defert-iefty’s Euro- ing or agreeing to defert as aforefaid, (hall not have come

from

and fent home:

bnt if not from his Ma-

in osted by

Google

from his Majefty’s	dominions for the purpofe of car- pean domini-

rying on the fhheries aforefaid, then, and'in fuch cafe, that it ?n® he fhall and may be lawful for the faid court of feffion to commit forumonths. fuch perfon or perfons to prifon, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding twelve calendar months.

XIV.	And whereas it is of great importance to the trade, manufacture, and navigation of Great Britain, and of his Majejlfs dominions in Europe, that all trade and mercantile intercourfe betiveen his Majeffs fubjefls, refiaing or carrying on fifloery in the ijland of Newfoundland with the'fubjefts of any foreign Jlate, Jhould be prohibited; and whereas it is ejfentially necejfary to the prefervation of the benefits arifing from the fifhery afore faid, to prevent the fale of any /hips, vejfels, or boats, or of the tackle, apparel, or furniture of the fame, and of all and all manner of utenfils and implements, which are or may be ufed in catching and curing fi/h, and alfo of all articles . and commodities of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the faid ijland of Newfoundland, to the fubjeBs of any foreign fate, or to any other than the fubjefts of his Majejfy, his heirs and fuccejfors, and alfo to prohibit the pur chafe of any goods or commodities whatfo -ever, from the fubjefrs of any foreignfate; be it therefore ena&ed

by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall not be lawful for any Fishermen at perfon or perfons, re(iding in or carrying on fifliery in the faid Newfoundland of Newfoundland, or on the banks thereof, there to fell, fe?ror°baner barter, or exchange, any (hip, veffel, or boat, of what kind or any veil'd, defcription foever, or any tackle, apparel, or furniture, ufed or etc.toorwith which may be ufed by any (hip, veffel, or boat; or any feans, any foreigner, nets, or other implements or utenfils, ufed or which may be ufed in catching or curing fi(h, or any kind of bait whatfoever ufed or which may be ufed in the catching of fi(h; or any kind of fi(h, oil, blubber, feal fkins, peltry, fuel, wood, or timber, to or with any perfon or perfons whatfoever, other than the fub-jedts of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors.

XV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons, redding or carrying on filhery Offenders in the faid ifland of Newfoundland, (hall there fell, barter, herein to be or exchange^ orcaufeto be fold, bartered, or exchanged, or (hall committed; endeavour to fell, barter, or exchange, or (hall be aiding or affifting in felling, bartering, or exchanging, or caufing to be fold, bartered, or exchanged, any fuch (hip, veffel, boat, or any tackle, apparel, or furniture, ufed or which may be ufed for the purpofe of navigating any fhip, veffel,. or boat; or any feans, nets, or other implements or utenfils, ufed or which may be ufed in catching or curing fi(h; or any kind of bait whatfoever ufed or which may be ufed in catching fifh; or any fi(h, oil, blubber, feal (kins, fuel, wood, or timber, to any perfon or perfons, being the fubjedts of any foreign date, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the governor of Newfoundland, or his furrogates, or for any juftice of the peace in Newfoundland, to iffue his or their warrant or warrants to apprehend every fuch offender, and, or* the oath of one or^fiore credible witnefs or witneffes, to com-‘ a	mit

Hosted by

Google

and to forfeit treble the value of the articles foid,etc.

Such fi (tier-men not to purchafe any goods of, or to barter with foreigners for the fame.

Offenders to be commit-.. ted, and to forfeit-treble the value of the goods.

Not to extend to the impor-

'Anno vicefimo fexto Georgji JIL c. 2 6.	[1786.

mit him to prifon, there to remain until the next court of feflion which (hall be holden in purfuance of the commiflion of the (j^id governor for the time being; and all and every fuch perfon or per-Ions, if found guilty of the faid offence at fuch fefiion, (hall forfeit and pay treble the value of the articles fo fold or caufed to be fold, or attempted to be fold as aforefaid, or bartered or taken in exchange, or in the felling, bartering, or exchanging of which, or caufing to be fold, bartered, or exchanged, fuch per-fon or perfons was or were aiding or aflifting, and the fame (hall be levied of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant to be granted by the faid court of fefllon for that purpofe; and in cafe no goods upon which fuch diftrefs can be made (hall be found, then it fhall and may be lawful for the faid court to order fuch perfon or perfons to be punifhed and dealt with in the fame manner as is herein-before directed with refpeCt to deferters or perfons agreeing to defert.

XVI.	And whereas it is highly injurious to the trade and manu-failures of his Majejlfs dominions in Europe, that perfons refiding or carrying on fifhery in the ifland of Newfoundland, or parts adjacent, or on the banks of the Jaid ijland of Newfoundland, Jhould be fupplied with any goods or commodities wbatfoever by the fubje£ls of any foreign fate; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons, refiding or carrying on fifhery in the ifland of Newfoundland, or parts adjacent, or on the banks of the faid ifland of Newfoundland, (hall there purchafe, or take in exchange, or by way of barter, or caufe to be pur-chafed, or taken in exchange, or by way of barter, or be aiding or aflifting in the purchafmg, bartering for, or taking in exchange, any goods or commodities wbatfoever, from any perfon or perfons being a fubjeCt or fubjeCts of any foreign (late; and that every perfon or perfons refiding or carrying on fiftiery in the faid ifland of Newfoundland, or parts adjacent, or on the banks of the faid ifland of Newfoundland, who (hall there purchafe, barter for, or take in exchange, or (hall caufe to be pur-chafed, bartered for, or taken in exchange, any fuch goods or commodities in manner aforefaid, (hall be apprehended and committed to prifon, and, on due conviction before the court of feflion, (hall forfeit treble the value of fuch goods or commodities fo purchafed, or taken in barter, or exchange, or procured to be purchafed, or taken in barter or exchange, or in the purchafe, barter, or taking of which in exchange, fuch perfop (hall have been aiding.or aflifting, and the fame (hall be levied of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant to be granted by the faid court of feflion for that purpofe; and in cafe no goods upon which fuch diftrefs can be made (hall be found, then it (hall and may be lawful for the faid court to order fuch perfon or perfons to be punifhed and dealt with in the fame manner as is herein-before directed with refpeCt to deferters or “perfons agreeing to defert.

XVII: Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall; extend, or be conftrued to extend* to hinder or prevent

bread.

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 26.	459

, bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, from being imported tation of into the faid iftand of Newfoundland in certain Britijb veffels, bread>etc* in purfuance of an adt paffed in this prefent feffion of parliament. .

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That the fum for which the faid governor (hall agree with the No more than mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or com-40$. to be mand of any (hip or veffel, for the paflage of any perfon or per- jrageof any fons from the faid ifland, to the place or places to which he or perfon from they belonged, (hall in no cafe exceed the fum of forty (hillings Newfound-for each perfon, and (hall be paid to the mafter of fuch (hip or land, etc. veffel out of the monies which (hall arife from forfeitures incurred for any offence committed againft this adt, or the a<5h he rein-before recited, upon fpch mailer producing, to the faid cqurt of feffion, a certificate, under the hand and feal of fuch governor, of the numbers and names of the perfons refpedtively taken

. on board by his direction, and of the times they were taken on board refpedtively, and the feveral Turns agreed to be paid as aforefaid; which films the court of feffion are hereby required to caufe to he paid to fuch mafter, if fufficient funds for that purpofe fhafi remain in the hands of the faid court.

XIX.	And be it aIfo enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Such pay-

if no fufficient fund for the payment of any Turn or fums, fo ments in cafe agreed upon as aforefaid, (hall remain in the hands of the faid ^the court of feffion, then and in fuch cafe every fuch mafter, or for thatUpur-other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch pofe,tobe (hip or veffel, who (hall have taken on board any number of made by the perfons by order of the governor, in manner herein-before di- grfof the*na redted, upon producing a certificate under the hand and feal of yjf0 e na~ the faid governor, in manner herein-before diredted, and making an affidavit at his return, fetting forth the time during which he fubfifted fuch perfon or perfons, and that he did not, during that time, want any of his own complement of men, or how many he did want of fuch complement, and for what time,

(hall receive from the commiffioners of the navy for the time being (who are hereby required to caufe the fame to be paid) fixpence per diem for the paflage and provifions of fuch perfon or perfons from the day of their embarkation homewards to the day of their arrival in Great Britain, the faid fum of fixpence per diem only being dedudted for fuch time and fo many perfons as he wanted of his complement during his voyage.

XX.	And whereas 'it is enafted^ in and by an all pajjed in the fourth year of his prefent Majejifs reign, intituled, An adt for Recital of granting certain duties in the Briti/h colonies and plantations in 4 Geo* 3* America ; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an c‘I,y* adt paffed in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An ail for the better fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majefly*sfugar colonies in America; for applying the produce of fuch duties, and of the duties to arife

by virtue of the faid adt, towards defraying the expences of defending, pfotediing, and fecuringthe faid colonies and plantations;

for

Hosted by

for explaining an ad made in the twenty^ fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for the encourage-went of the Greenland and Eaftland trades? and for the better fe-curing the plantation trade; and for altering and'difallowing feveral drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandeftine conveyance of goods to and from the faid colonies and plantations, and improving and fecuring the'trade between the fame“and Great Britain; That if any Britifh /hip or vejfel Jhall be found fanding into, of coming out. from, either oj the ifands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, or hovering or at anchor within two leagues of the coajl thereof dr /hall be dif-covered to have taken any goods or merchandizes on board af either of them, or to have been there for that purpofe, fuch Jhip or veffel*,and all the goods fo taken on board there, /hall be forfeited and loft, and /hall and may be feized and profecuted by any officer of his Majefy's cuftoms ; and the ma/ler, or other perfon having the charge of fuch /hip or vejfel, and every per/on concerned in taking Juch goods on board* /hall forfeit treble the value thereof: and whereas the proviftons of the faid recited at? may not be fufficient to e/fefluate the good purpofes thereby intended, or to prevent the export or fale of flips* vejfels, and boats, and of all other the goods and commodities hereinbefore enumerated and prohibited to be fold to the fubjefts of any foreign fate, of1 the pur chafe and import of the goods and commodities of fuch foreign Officers of his fates; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Majefty’s it (hall and may be lawful for all and every officer or officers, ^NevdouTid^	command	of any of his Majefty’s fhips ftationed at

land may de-"	ifland of Newfoundland, to flop and detain all and every (hip*

tain fufpetfed veflel, or boat, of what nature or defeription foever, coming to, veflels, and or going from the faid ifland, and belonging to, or in the fer-fearch them: v*ice or occupation of any of his Majefty’s fubjeds refiding in* trafficking with* or carrying on fifhery in the ifland of Newfoundland, adjacent, or on the banks of the faid ifland of Newfoundland* which he (hall have reafon to fufped to be going to, or coming from, the iflands of Saint Pierre or Miquelon, fof the purpofes before mentioned, in any place within the limits of their Ration, and to detain, fearch and examine, fuch (hi p* veflel, or boat; and that.if, upon fuch fearch or examination, it ihall appear ro fuch officer or officers that there is reafonable ground to believe that fuch (hip, veflel or boat, or any tackle* apparel, or furniture, ufed, or which may be ufed, by any (hip, veflel, or boat, or any implements or utenfils ufed, or which may be ufed, in the catching or curing of fifl»i or any fifli, oil* blubber, feal (kins, fuel, wood, or timber, then on board of fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, was or were intended to be fold, bartered for, or exchanged, to the fubjeds of any foreign ftate, or (hall be difeovered to have been fo fold, bartered for* or exchanged; or if any goods or commodities whatfoever (hall be found on board fuch (hip, veflel, or boat* or (hall be difeovered to have been on board, having been purchafed or taken in barter or exchange from the fubjeds of any foreign ftate 5 then, and in every fuch cafe* to feize and fend back fuch (hip, veflel, or

boat.

and if any contraband goods are found on board, fuch vefiels and

Hosted by

Google

goods fhall be forfeited*

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGH III. C.26J	.

boat, to the ifland of Newfoundland \ and that fuch, (hip, veflel, j or boat, and fuch goods and commodities fo found on bpard,1 fhall, upon due condemnation, be forfeited and loft, and fhall and may be profecuted for that purpqfe, by the officer or officers fo feizing the fame, in the vice admiralty court of the faid ifland of Newfoundland; fuch forfeiture to be given, one moiety to the faid officer or officers, and the other moiety to the governor of Newfoundland ior the time being, to be applied, under the direction of fuch governor, in defraying the paffages home of fuch perfon or perfons as by this or any former adt are di-redled^ to be fent back to the country to which they belong.

XXI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforelaid.

That, in cafe any libel, information, or other fuit or proceeding Clauferelative whatsoever, fhall be commenced and brought to trial, in the court of vice admiralty in the faid ifland of Newfoundland, on jan<l account of the feizure of any fhip, veflel, boat, or goods, for count of the the condemnation of the fame, for any of the caufes herein- feizure of before mentioned, wherein a decree (hall be pronounced for or veffcl8> etc* in favour of the defendant or defendants, claimer of claimers thereof, and it (hall appear to the judge or court, before whom the fame fhall be tried, that there was a probable caufe for feizing the faid (hip, veflel, boat, or goods, the judge before Whom the faid caufe (hall be tried (hall certify on the record that there was a*probable caufe for the feizing of the faid (hip, veflel, boat, br goods; a copy of which certificate (hall be delivered to the profecutor, under the hands and feals of fucli judge or judges; and that, in fuch cafe, the defendant (hall not be entitled to any cofts of fuit whatfoever, nor (hall the perfon or perfons who feized fuch (hip, veflel, boat, or goods, be liable to any action, indidtmenr, or other profecution, on account of fuch feizure; and that if any adlion, indidlment, or profecution, fhall be brought or preferred againft any perfon or perfons, who fhall have obtained fuch copy of fuch certificate as aforefaid, in any of his Majefty’s courts in Great Britain, fuch copy (hall be admitted in evidence on behalf of the defendant or defendants, and (hall have the. like force and effedf as the certificate on record would have had in the cafe of fucli action, indi&ment, or other profecution, being brought Or preferred in the ifland of Newfoundland.

XXII.	And be it alfo enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any adlion, indidlment, or other profecution, (hall be Plaintiff gain-, commenced and brought to trial againft any perfon or perfons ing a verditf: whatfoever, on account of the feizure of any fuch (hip, veflel, boat, or goods, wherein a verdidt fhall be given againft the co^g if there defendant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom was probable fuch adfion or profecution (hall be tried (hall certify on the re- caufe of feiz-cord that there was a probable caufe of fuch feizure, that the ure* plaintiff, befides his (hip, veflel, boat, or goods, fo feized, or the value thereof, (hall not be infilled to above two-pence damages, nor to any cofts of fuit/ nor (lull the defendant in fuch profecution be fined above one (hilling.

Vol, XXXV.	I	i	XXIII.	And

Hosted by

Google

vicefuno fexto GeorGM III. C. 26.	[1786L

. XXifl. .And it is hereby further enafted^ by the authority Limitation of aforefaf$*at if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or aftions. thtifers*-,.S®	or profecuted for any thing by him or them

done oV execured in purfuance of, or by colour of this aft, or of any ,matter of thing in this aft contained, fuch aftion or prp-fecutibn (hall be commenced within the fpace of three months after the offence (hall "have been committed; and in cafe the perfon oV perfons making fuch feizure as aforefaid (hall have quitted the faid ifland of Newfoundland before the expiration of three months from the time of the offence committed, then that fucli aftion or profecution (hall be commenced within General iffue. three months after his or their return to Great Britain; and fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence for his and their defence, and that the fame was done in profecution and by authority of the faid aft : and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, then the court (hail adjudge and decree, or the jury fhall find in the courts of Great Britain or Newfoundland re-fpeftively, for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his aftion, libel, or other pror ceedings in the courts of Great Britain or Newfoundland, after the defendant or defendants hath or have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer againft the Treble cofts. plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law,

XXIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Fines and for- That all and every the tines or penalties inflifted by this aft, or fcited goods,^ by the afts herein-before recited, and robe levied upon the fea-applied? t0 ^ men or fifhermen, except thofe for negleft of duty; and that

fuch (hips, veffels, or goods, as fhall befeized, condemned, and forfeited as before mentioned, except fuch the diftribution whereof is otherwife direfted by this aft, (hall be given, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the governor of Newfoundland for the time being, to be applied, under the direction of fuch governor, in defraying the paffages home of fuch perfon or perfons as by this or any former aft are direfted to be fent back to the country to which they belong.

XXV.	And be it further enafted by the authoriry aforefaid. Part of the That fo much of the faid recited aft of the fifteenth year of the a^ 0f,5t*de° r^]Sn °f -hi** prefent Majefty, as gives any jurifdiftion to the

3.	repea . court of vice admiralty for the faid ifland of Newfoundland with

refpeft to enquiring into and determining difputes concerning the wages of any feamen or fifhermen, or any offence committed by any hirer or employer offfuch feamen or fifhermen, or any controverfies or differences ■'arifing from their contracts or agreements, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the claufes, matters, and things in the faid herein before recited afts contained, which are not altered or repealed by this prefent aft, (hall continue and remain in full force.

. '	■	C	A	Pa

The recited a<5ts (except, 81c.) to remain j in force.

Hosted by

Google

17$6.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 23?.’

463

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for authorifing the lord chief baron, and remanent barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated money ar ifing ftom the forfeited and lately annexed efates- in Scot-land, to pay a certain fum to the fociety in Scotland for propagating cbriflian knowledge, for the purpofes, and under the conditions therein mentioned. ,

WHEREAS by 'an aft, made in the twenty fifth year of the Preamble.

reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, intituledf.

An act for annexing certain forfeited eftates in Scotland to the 45 Geo, a. c. crown unalienably, and for making fatisfa&ion to the lawful 41-creditors thereupon j and to eftablifh a method of managing the fame, and applying the rents and profits'thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing di'forders there for the future ; all-and every the lands and eftates which were then in the hands of his Majefty by the attainder of Simon late lord Lovat, and certain other perfons therein named, were declared to be unalienably annexed to the imperial crown of thefe realms; and it was declared lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fuccejfors, by commiffion under the privy feal of Scotland, to autho-rife commiffioners and trufees for managing the jaid efiates, and applying the produce'thereof: and whereas his /aid late Majefiy, and his prefent Majefiy, did, in purfuance of the faid aft, from time to time, by cornmtffions under the faid privy feal of Scotland authorife the perfons therein feverally named as commiffioners and trufees to manage the faid efates, and apply the produce thereof $ and the faid commiffioners didy among other things in execution of the trufy efablifh fchools in different places in the remote parts of the Highlands of Scotland, and grant annual falaries to the perfons appointed teachers in the faid fchools, payable from the rents and produce of the faid forfeited efates: and whereas by an aft, paffed in the fourteenth year of his prefent Mafeftys reign, intituled, An a6t to enable his 14 Geo. 3. c; Majefty to grant unto major general Simon Frafer the lands and eftate of the late Simon lord Lovat, upon certain terms and conditions, the faid aft of the twenty-fifth year of his late Majefiy was repealed, in as far as related to the efiate which formerly belonged to the faid Simon late lord Lovat, which was thereby difannexed from the crown, and was afterwards granted by his Majefty to the faid major general Simon Frafer: and whereas by an aft paffed in the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefiy*s reign, intituled, An a61 44 Geo. 3. c* to enable his Majefty to grant to the heirs of the former pro- 57* prietors, upon certain terms and conditions, the forfeited eftates in Scotland, which were put under the management of a board of truftees by an a& paffed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and to repeal the faid a£t, the faid aft of the tiventy-fifth year of his faid late Majefiy ivas repealed, in as far as refpefted the other forfeited efiates, befides the efiate of the faid Simon late lord Lovat; and it was enafted.

li %

That

4^4	Anna	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii	IIL	c.	zji	{1786*

That it Jhould and might be lawful to his Majejly, his heirs and fue-cejfors, to give, grant, and difpone, to the perfons therein named and defcribed, being the reprefentatives of the perfons who forfeited the faid fevered forfeited efeates, upon their fever ally paying into the court of exchequer in Scotland the federal and refpeftive furhs of money in the faid aft mentioned at the times therein fpecijied', and certain fums, pari of the money fo directed to be paid into the faid court of exchequer, were appropriated by the faid aft for the purpofes and to the uje of the perfons and focieties therein mentioned; and it was entitled, That in caje the fums to be paid into the faid court, in confederation of the faid annexed forfeited efeates being referred, Jhould not be exhavfted by the feveral applications or appropriations in the /aid aft fpecified, the balance of the money fo to be paid in Jhould remain under the care of the faid court of exchequer in Scotland, to be lodged in one or other of the publick banks, or publick funds, fubjeft to the future dijpofetion of parliament: and whereas no provifeon was made by the faid aft for continuing the fchools in the remote parts of the Highlands of Scotland, which were efeablijhed by the commifjioners and trufeees of the faid forfeited ejiates, or for continuing the falaries of the teachers of the faid fchools, whereby, and unlefs provifeon is now made, the good ejfefts of fuch efeablifiments will be loft to the publick, and a number of iniuftrious and well def&rving perfons, who have for many years been teachers of the faid fchools, will be reduced to diferefs and indi-Society for gence: and whereas the fociety in Scotland for propagating chrifeian chriPftnnting knowledge incorporated by royal charter, did lately prefent a memorial knowledge in to t^e commiffeoners of his Majefeys tree fury, reprefenting the the highlands fate of the faid efeablijhed fchools, and particularly that the falaries of prefented a the teachers did amount in whole to the annual fum of two bun-J&eT°afV° Gn^ n^]iety‘n‘ine pounds, fourteen Jhillings • that it appeared ta the fociety, that certain of the faid fchools, the falaries of the teachers whereof amounted to the yearly fum of one hundred and thirteen pounds, might be difeontinued: that certain other of the faid fchools might be difeontinued after the deaths of the prefent teachers, whofi falaries amounted to the annual fum of forty-eight pounds, and who muft be reduced to beggary if deprived of their falaries; and that ihe revmning number of the faid efeablijhed fchools ought to be continued, videlicet, the fchools efeablijhed at Strelitz, Craigniech, Glenart-ney, and Lochearnfide, upon the efeate of Perth ; the fchool efeablijhed at Strathyre, upon the efeate of Arnprior; the fchool efeablijhed at Lochgary; the fchools efeablijhed at Kinlochrannocb, Finnarr, Glenorchty, and Camagren, and Carrie, upon the efeate of Stro-wan; the fchools efeablijhed at Kinlocbarkaig, Matnore, and Strathlochie, upon the efeate fl/'Lochiel; the fchool efeablijhed at Clunie ; the fchool efeablijhed at Corgach, upon the efeate of Cromarty; and the fchool efeablifljed in the ifeand of South LJift; the falaries of the teachers of which fchools amounted to the annual fum of one hundred and thirty-eight pounds, fourteen Jhillings: that as the principal objeft of the faid fociety was to efeablijb and fuperintend fchools in the Highlands of Scotland, they conceived it might be proper to commit to them the care of fuch of the fchools efeablijhed by the late tommijfeomrs of the annexed efeates, as it was thought proper

ft

/

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 27.	46*

tot continue \ but as the fociety had gone the utmojl lengths their funds would allow in paying the falaries of the teachers of one hundred and eighty-three fchools by them eftabtijhed, they could not undertake the burden of more without a reafonable allowance being made by the pub-lick; and that, upon fuch allowance, the fociety would engage to pay the falaries of the teachers appointed by the late commijjioners before mentioned as amounting to forty-eight pounds yearly,. during the lives of the prefenl teachers, and to continue the fchools mentioned in the faid memorial and above as proper to be continued, and pay the fala-ries of the teachers thereof in time comings according to the regulations of the fociety : and whereas the faid propofol is reafonable and beneficial to the publick, and the faid fociety merit encouragement for their laudable endeavours to promote virtue, loyalty, and indujlry in the inhabitants of the Highlands j be it therefore enacted by the.

King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflfembled, andvby the authority of the fame,

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord chief baron, Barons of ex-and remanent barons of his Majefty’s court of exchequer in chequer in Scotland, or any three of them for the time being, and they are payto^he*0 hereby direded and required, as foon as there is a fufficient fum treafurer of paid into the faid court from the money direded by the faid ad the fociety pafled in the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign,the °f to be paid by the perfons to whom the feveral forfeited, and*^00 ' lately annexed eftates are to be reftored or granted, over and above what (hall fatisfy the purpofes and appropriations by the faid ad fpecially direded, and before any other purpofe or appropriation, to pay, or caufe to be paid, into the hands of the treafurer or calhier of the faid incorporated fociety in Scotland for propagating chriftian knowledge, or into the hands of any other perl’on or perfons whom the faid fociety (hall appoint to receive the fame, for the ufe of the faid fociety, the fum of two thoufand five hundred pounds lawful money of Great Britain, free of all dedudions whatsoever; and the receipt or receipts of the faid treafurer or cafhier, or of the perfon or perfons fo to be appointed by the Society, for the faid fum of two thoufand five hundred pounds, or for any part thereof, (hall be a fufficient voucher to the barons for the fum or fums thereby acknowledged to be received, and be taken as evidence of their having iffued and expended fo much of the money paid into court in purfuance of the faid ad, in all cafes whatsoever; and for that /purpofe the faid barons, or any three of them, (hall, from time to time, iffue their warrants to the banks, or to the perfon or perfons in whofe hands the faid money (hall happen to have been lodged or depofited after being paid into court as aforefaid. Barons of the

II.	Provided always. That at or before paying the faid fum faid court to to the faid fociety, the barons of the faid court of exchequer ^?e[ro™ ^ (hall take from the faid fociety fuch obligation or engagement Ifg^tio^for in writing, under their feal, as (hall appear to the faid barons, continuing to or any three of them, neceffary and proper for the faid fociety’s pay the falaries paying, or continuing to pay, the falaries to the teachers intend-

I ‘ 3	lives? ^	61

Anno viceOtno fexto Georqii III. c. 28 — 31. [1786.

ed to be paid fq them during their refpedtive lives, as is above mentioned, and for their continuing and keeping up the fchools intended as aforefaid to be kept up, and for their paying the proper and ufual falaries to the teachers prefept and to come of the raid fchools.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act For providing a proper workhoufe, and better regulating the poor, within the parifh of Romford, in the liberty of Havering Atte Bower, in the county of Eflex. —May borrow 3,5001. at intereft, and pay off 100I. per ann.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to enable his Majefty to licence a play-houfe within the town and port of Margate, in the ifle of Tnanet, in the county of Kent,, under certain reftrictions therein limited. —May act from June 15, to the laft day of October, yearly,

CAP XXX.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Coventry canal navigation to complete the faid canal to Fradley Heath, in the county of Stafford ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Coventry company impowered to borrow a further fum of 40,000!. and to aflign the navigation as a (ecuvity. Mortgages to be registered, and may be afiigned. Intereft of the money borrowed to be paid prior to any dividends to the company; and maybe paid out of the principal, until the canal is completed. Dividends limited to 3 per cent, till the canal is completed. Proprietors may becpme pofiefted of thirty fliares.

. -	?	•	•'	1	*	*	■	1	■	i-	(■	>.	.	■	-*

CAP. XXXI.

An aft for vefling certain fums in commijfmers, at the end of every quarter of a year0 to be by them applied to the reduftion of the national debt.	"	*■*

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by feveral afts of parliament, heretofore made and pajjed, it tvas enaftedThat all the monies which at the end of any quarter of a year Jhould or might arife from the refpeftive furpluffes, exceffes, and overplus monies of the feveral publick funds in the faid afts defcribed, Jhould be appropriated, referved, and employed as a finking fund) to and for difcharging the principal and interejl of the national debts and incumbrances, and to or for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatever: and zvhereas, for the want of fufficient provi• fions for the confiant application of the faid monies, according to the true intent of the faid, afts, the good purpofes thereof have not been fulfilled: and whereas, by the great increafe of the national debt, it is now become neceffary to efiablifh a permanent plan for the reduftion of the fame? we, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjebts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being de-firous of making a lading provifion for the maintenance of the publick credit, do mod humbly pray your Majefty that it may be.enabled 3 and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent - .	"	\	’	1	majefty*

*786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. 0,31.

majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefentparliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That at the end of the two 2*0,000!. to quarters of a year, which will end on the fifth day of July and ^krtei^out the tenth day of Oftobery refpectively, in the year one thoufand o^he^urphif-feven hundred and eighty-fix, and at the end of every quarter fesof the fink-of a year, ending the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils ing fund, etc. the fifth day of Julyy and the tenth day o$ Oftobery relpectiveiy, in every fucceeding year, there (hall be iffued or fet apart at his Majefty’s receipt of exchequer, purfuant to the feveral acts in that behalf made and provided, out of the furpluffcs, exceffes, and overplus monies compofing the aforefaid finking fund, a fufticient funvto make good, to the day on which fuch quarter (hall end, all fuch interefts or annuities, or parts of interefts or annuities, or deficiencies of funds provided for the payment of interefts or annuities, as (hall be fpecially charged on the faid finking fund; and that after fuch fum lhall have been fo iffued or fet apart, there (hall then be farther fet apart, in the faid receipt of exchequer, out of the furpluffes, exceffes, and overplus monies compofing the faid finking fund, a fum of two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, or fuch part thereof as the faid fur-plufies, exceffes, and overplus monies then remaining in the faid receipt of exchequer lhall be fufficient to fatisfy.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That if at the end of any fuch quarter of a year, after iffuing or How to pro^-fetring apart the fums neceffary to make good to the day on ?• ea<*e which fuch quarter lhail end, all fuch intereft or annuities, or jn th^kid^ parts of interefts or annuities, or deficiencies of funds provided furpluffes. for the payment of interefts or annuities, as fhall be fpecially charged on the faid finking fund, there lhall not remain in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, monies, arifing out of the furpluffes, exceffes, and overplus monies compofing the faid finking fund, fufticient to provide for the payment of the before-mentioned fum of two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, the amount of .the deficiency lhall be carried forward as a charge on the monies which (hall remain in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer out of the faid furpluffes, excefles, and overplus monies, after iffuing or ferting apart the fums herein-before directed to be previoully iffued or let apart, at the end of the next and every other fucceeding quarter in the fame year, until fuch deficiency lhall have been made good, every fuch year being computed from the fifth day of January to the fifth day of January following.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That all monies which lhall remain in the receipt of his Ma- Surpluffes re-

iefty’s exchequer, out of the faid furpluffes, exceffes, and over- naming (after

J	t	c	r	c	j*	former in-

plus monies, at the end of any quarter of a year ending as cumbrance?i

aforefaid, or at the end of any year computed as aforefaid, after provided for)

iffuing or fetting apart the feveral fums herein-before directed to bow to be ap-

be previoully iffued or fet apart, (hall be applied to the above plied?

mentioned purpofes in the order followings (that is to fay),

I i 4 *	That

out of the fupplies granted the feme year.

46?	Anna	viccfimo	fexta Georgii III. c. 31.	[ tj8&

That at the end of any quarter of a year ending as aforefaid, the faid monies (hall firft be applied to make good any deficit ency or deficiencies (if any fuch there (hall have been) in the payment of the fum of two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds* due at the end of any preceding quarter or quarters of a year within the fame year, computed as aforefaid, in the. order in which fuch deficiency or deficiencies (hall have arifen ; and that fo much of the faid monies as (hall remain in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at the end of any fuch quarter of a year* after fuch deficiency or deficiencies (hall have been fo made good, (hall be applied to the payment of the fum of two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds due at the end of fuch quarter, or to the payment of fuch part thereof as the fame (hall be fufficient to fatisfy.

IV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority Deficiencies aforefaid. That if at any time it fhould happen, that at the end at the enci^of 0f tj1€ year ending the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven inadeCgood * hundred and eighty-feven, or at the end of any future year, computed as aforefaid, after provifion (hall have been made for all payments for which monies are previoufly to be fet apart or iflued according to the directions of this aCt, the faid furplufles, exceSes, and overplus monies, compofing the finking fund, (hall not be fufficient to make good as well all fuch deficiencies as (hall have arifen during fuch year, as the payment of the Aim of two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds then due, in every fuch cafe, the amount of fuch deficiency or deficiencies, whether the fame (hall have arifen in any preceding quarter or quarters within fuch year, or in the quarter ending on the fifth day of January on which fuch year (hall end, fhall not be carried forward as a charge on the faid finking fund at the end of the next fupceeding quarter, but (hall be made good out of any aids or fupplies which (hall be or fhall have been granted by parliament for the fcrvice of the then current year; and the ' amount of fuch deficiency or deficiencies fo to be made good, fhall be iffued to the governor and company of the bank of England, in the manner herein-after dire&ed, within ten days after monies fufficient to anfwer the fame (hall have been paid into his Majefty’s receipt of exchequer, on account of any fuch aids or fupplies.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. The monies That Vhe monies fo fet apart, at the end of any quarter of a fet apart quar- year encjjng as aforefaid, or of any-year computed as aforefaid, pTid’into (he e^^er f°r *he payment of the fum of two hundred and fifty bank;	thoufand pounds due at the end of fuch quarter, or of any part

thereof, or for making good fuch deficiency or deficiencies as aforefaid, (hall forthwith be iflued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, and (hall by them be placed to an account to be raifed in their books, and to be intituled, and to heap. The accompt of the commijfioners appointed by aft of parliament for ducing the aPPb'lnZ certain furns of money annually to the reduftion oj the nati~ national debt.	debt; and that as well all fuch monies, as any other mo-

nies

Hosted by Google

I7&6.} Anna viceEmo facto GeoRgh III. cu gi.

n'res which (hall be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England by virtue of this aft, to be placed to the (aid account, ihall be applied by the commiffioners herein-after ap* pointed towards the reduftion of th$ national debt, in the manner herein-after direfted, and to no either intent or purpofe, and in no other manner whatever*

VI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it Officers of the ihall not be lawful for the officers of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer reexchequer to let apart or iflue, out of the monies competing the ^to the^" finking fund, at the end of any quarter, any fym or fums of jffuingthe money, for any fervice whatever, other than as in this aft is produce of provided, until the fum or fums which are direfted by this aft fhe linking to be paid to the governor and company of the bank of Eng-

land) on account of the faid commiffioners, (hall have been fejt apart or iffued as aforefaid; and that in like manner it (hall not be lawful for the officers of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, after the fifth day of January in any year, to iflue any fum or fums of money for any fervice whatever, out of any monies which (hall then remain in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer from any aids or fupplies granted for the fervice of the current year, or out of any monies which (hall be received into the exchequer after the faid fifth day of January, from fuch aids or fupplies, until the fum or fums (if any fuch there (hall be) which (hall be payable by virtue of this aft to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the faid com-miflioners, out of the faid aids or fupplies, (hall have been fet apart or iffued as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That fuch part of the principal or capital ftock of fuch publick To whom the annuities as (hall be redeemed or paid off by virtue of this aft, redeemed in the manner herein-after direfted, (hall be transferred to the	be

accompt of the faid commiffioners, in the books of the gover- rans erre nor and company of the bank of England, of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, or of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, refpeftively, as the cafe may be; and that the dividends payable thereon (hall, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank of England, and be placed to the account of the faid commiffioners.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That whenever any of the following publick annuities (hall When any of ceafe and determine, by the expiration of the terms for which the herein re-they were refpeftively granted; (that is to fay), the annuities granted for one, two, and three lives, and charged, by an aft of by the^'xpf-^ the fifth of King William and Queen Mary, upon two fevenths ration of the of a nine (hillings per barrel excife; the annuities granted for terms for one, two, and three lives, by the afts of the fecond and third of whfch they Queen Anne, and for ninety-nine .years, by one other aft of the were Srante * third and fourth of Queen Anne, and charged upon the three thoufaod feveft hundred pounds per week excife by the faid aft;

the

Hosted by

Google

47©	Anno	vicefimo	fexto Georgii III. e; 31.	[1785*

the annuities granted for ninety-nine years, by an aft of the fourth of Queen Anne, and charged upon an addition of nine (hillings per barrel excife, and of an addition of one third of the fubfidy of tonnage, eftablifhed by an aft of the ninth of King William the Third; the annuities granted for ninety-nine years, by an aft of the fifth of Queen Anney and charged upon the duties on hawkers and pedlars, ftamp duties on vellum, parchment and paper; and the annuities eftablifhed by an aft of the fixtn of Queen Anne, for ninety-nine years, and charged upon the . furplus of the duties granted for payment of the annuities eftablifhed by the two former afts of the fourth and fifth of Queen Anne\ and the annuities eftablifhed for ninety-nine years, granted by one other aft of the fixth of Queen Anne, and charged upon a further additional half fubfidy of tonnage by the faid aft; and the feveral annuities on fingle Jives, granted by an aft of the eighteenth of King George the Second, and charged upon the duties on wines imported, by the faid aft; the annuities on fingle lives, granted by an aft of the nineteenth of King George the Second, and charged on the duties on glafs and fpi-rituous liquors by the faid aft ; and the annuities on fingle lives, granted by an aft of the thirtieth of King George the Second, and charged on the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and by a fubfequent aft: charged on the finking fund; and certain annuities granted for annuities on lives, with the benefit of furvivorfhip, by an aft of the fifth of King George the Third, and charged upon the finking fund; and the annuities on fingle lives, granted by an aft of the eighteenth of King George the Third, and charged upon the duties on wines and inhabited houfes by the faid aft; and the annuities on lives, granted by an aft of the nineteenth of King George the Third, and charged upon an additional duty of five pounds per centum excife, five pounds per centum additional’ fubfidy on cuftoms, tax i ( on poft hories, and on ftamp duties, eftabhfhed by the faid aft; and the feveral and refpeftive annuities granted for ninety-nine years, from the fifth day of 'January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-one; for ninety-eight years, from the fifth day ( of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, confoli-dated and charged on the finking fund by an aft of the fourth of King George the Third; the annuities granted for eighty years, from the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, by an aft of the twentieth of King George the Third, and charged on the duties on wines and fait, and on fundry other duties eftablifhed by the faid aft; the annuities eftablifhed by an aft of the twenty-fecond of King George the Third, for feventy-eight years, from the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and charged on the duties on tobacco, fnuff, fait, and fundry other duties granted by the faid aft; the annuities granted for feventy-feven years, from the fifth day of January^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, by an aft of the twenty-third of King George the Third, and charged upon ftamp duties oq bills of exchange,

receipts,

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgij III. c. 31.'	471

receipts, and fundry other duties granted by the faid ad; and the annuities granted for feventy-five years and fix months, from the fifth day of July, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty* four, by an ad of the twenty-fourth of King George the Third, and charged upon additional duties on candles, bricks, and tiles, and fundry other duties granted by the faid ad; the annuities granted for thirty years, from the fifth day of January, one thousand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and, by an ad of the eighteenth of King George the Third, charged upon the duties on wines and inhabited houfes by the faid ad; the annuities granted for twenty-nine years, from the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, and, by an ad of the nineteenth of King George the Third, charged upon an additional duty of five pounds per centum excife, five pounds per centum fubfidy, tax on pod horfes, and ftamp duties on paper, by the faid ad; and the annuities granted by an ad of the feventeenth of King George the Third, for ten years, from the fifth day of jipril, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, and charged upon the finking fund; in every fuch cafe, the duties ap-all duties which (hall be applicable to the payment of fuch an- P^cable to the nuities, by virtue of any ad or ads of parliament, (hall con- thereof dial! tinue to be levied and colleded, and lhall continue to be applied continue to to fuch payment, in the fame manner, and under the fame re- be levied, gulations refpedively, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as the fame were levied, colleded, and applied immediately before ' ' the determination of fuch annuities refpedively; and that from an^ the and after the determination of fuch annuities, the monies now j^ecm fliall payable thereon (hall be iffued, from time to time, to the gover- be iffued to nor and company of the bank of England, and (hall be placed to the bank, 5cc. the account of the faid commiflioners

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the au- When any

thority aforefaid. That fo foon as any part of the principal or lhall be

capital ftock of any publick annuities, or fo foon as any annui- placed *he .. r r ..	J	r	/1 1, »	,	1	1	1	r	account of

ties for lives or years (ha!! have been placed, as herein-berore the commif-

dirpded, to the account of the faid commiflioners, no fum or fioners, no

Turns of money (hall thenceforth be iffued or paid for or on money (hall

account of the charges of management of fuch ftock or

annuities. ^	ment thereof.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Monies placed all monies whatever, which (hall be placed from time to time to to the account the accounjt of the faid commiflioners by virtue of this ad, (hall

be applied by them either in payments for the redemption of fuch be applied in redeemable publick annuities as (hall be at or above par, in fuch redemption of manner and at fuch periods as (hall be direded by any future annuities at ad or ads of parliament, or to the purchafe of any publick an- ^*cai)0ve par* nuities below par in the manner herein-after direded.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, More particu-That all monies whatever which lhall be placed from time to Q^tb^Pmonies time to the account of the faid commiflioners, by virtue of this to be placed pd, which (hall not be direded by any future ad or ads of par- to the account iiament to be applied in payment for the redemption of any re- of the com-

•	deemablemiffioner6-

47$	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii	III.	C.	31.	[1786

deemable publick annuities at or above par, (hall be applied by the faid commiflioners in payments for the purchafe of publick annuities below par, in the following manner j (that is to fay,} That all monies fo to be applied, which (hall have been placed to the account of the faid commiflioners between the fifth day of April in any year, and the firft day of May then next en«? fuing, fhall be applied to the purchafe of fuch annuities, in equal portions, as nearly as may be, on every day (Saturdays' and Mondays excepted) on which the fame (hall be transfer-fable, between the faid firft day of May and the firft day of Au-gujl then next enfuing; and in like manner, the fums fo to be applied, which (hall have been placed to the account of the faid commiffioners, between the end of any fuch quarter and the firft day of the calendar month which fhall commence next after the end of fuch quarter, (hall be applied to the purchafe of fuch annuities, in equal portions, as nearly as may be, on every day {Saturdays and Mondays excepted) on which the fame (hall be transferrable, between the faid firft day of the calendar month which (hall commence next after the end of fuch quarter, and the firft day of the calendar month which (hall commence next after the end of the quarter next enfuing,

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the au-Direftionsjor thority aforefaid, That if at any time it (hall happen that there the commif- fl^u no fubfifting publick annuities below par, and that the ther^are no fleceffary meafures (hall not have heen previoufly taken by par-* annuities be- liament, to enable and diredt the faid commiflioners to apply the Ipwpar. monies, which (hall have been placed to their account (by virtue of this adi) to the redemption of any fubfifting publick annuities which (hall then be at or above par, the faid commiffioners are hereby authorized and required to apply the faid monies to the purchafe of any fubfifting publick annuities at or above par, in the fame manner, and under the fame regulations and reftricftions, as are herein-before provided with refpedl to the purchafe of publick annuities below par.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further engdled by the autho-Commiffion- r;ty aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid cpm-edVofubfcrihe mi^10ners!> ^ they fhall think it expedient, at any time between towards any the end of any quarter and the firft day of the calendar month future pub- which (hall commence next after the end of fuch quarter, to lick loan, &c. fubfcribe any of the monies which (hall have been placed to their account at the end of fuch quarter; and alfo all fuch monies as (hall be to be placed to their account, by virtue of this adl, during the remainder of the then current year, computed as by this adt directed, towards any publick loan, to be raifed by virtue of any future adt or adts of parliament, by fuch annuities as areherein-after mentioned, that is to fay, perpetual annuities, fubjedt only to redemption at par, for which the finking fund (hall be collateral fecurity: provided always., That the capital flock of fuch annuities fo to be granted (hall bear the fame rate of intereft with fome capital flock of redeemable publick annuities then fubfifting; and that the amount of the capi-

Hosted by Google

178.6 ] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c.	473

tal flock to be given for every fum of one hundred pounds, fo to be fubfcfibed, (hall be eftimated according to the market price of fuch fubfifting flock at the time of fuch fubfcription.

XIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, the chancellor of who

his majefty’s exchequer, the mafter of the rolls, the accountant	10ft-

general of the court of chancery, and the governor and deputy

governor of the bank of England) for the time being refpedtive-

Jy, (hall be commiflioners for carrying into execution the pur-

pofes of this a6t; and that all powers and authorities, which the

laid commiflioners are or may be enabled or required to exercife,

by the prefent or any future a6l or a6ts of parliament, (hall and

may be exercifed by any number, not lefs than four, of the faid

commissioners.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the (aid commiflioners (hall be, and they are hereby au- Commiflion-thorifed to appoint and employ fuch clerks and other officers as p^y^erkT" (hall be neceflary; and that all proceedings whatever, to be had	9

by or before the laid commiflioners, fhall be entered in proper books.

XVI.	And be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid.

That the order of the faid commiffioners fhall at any time be a The bank to

fufficient authority to the governor and company of the bank of pa^ lu^h mo-

t? 7 jr • /r *	,	&	.	r	u	A , ney vefted m

England, for ifiuing and paying any part of the money to be	commif-

vefted in the faid commiflioners, in the manner herein directed; (loners as (hall and fuch perfon or perfons as (ball, from time to time, be no* be ordered by minated and appointed by the faid commiflioners, to make the them, etc. purchafes of publick debts and annuities, on the account of the faid commiffioners, for the ufe of the publick, and for the pur-pofes of this a<5t, is and are hereby autfiorifed and enabled to accept the transfer of any ftock or annuities to be purchafed in the manner herein-before directed, and to make the payments for the fame to the perfons from whom the fame (hall be purchafed, and to give or accept all the neceflary receipts and acquittances on the part of the faid commiflioners: provided always, That fuch nomination and appointment (hall, from time to time, be notified to the governor and company of the bank of England, under the hands of the faid commiffioners.

XVII.	And it is hereby further enacled by the authority aforefaid. That an account.(hall be made up to the firft day of The bank to .February in every year, by the governor and company of the ^coun^witfcT bank of England, of all fums whatever which (hall have been the commif-paid to the faid governor and company^pr carried in their books (loners a atm-to the account of the faid cotomiflioners, for the purpofes of allyi

this a<5l; and alfo of all fums of principal or capital flock of pub-liek annuities, which in purfuance of this or any other acl, within the year comprehended in the faid account, (hall have been purchafed, redeemed, or paid off by the faid commiflioners,, together with the inrereft accruing thereupon 3 and alfo of the annual amount and particulars of any annuities for lives or years, the terms of which (hall have expired within the faid year, to

o	the

Hosted by

Google

which Hi all be laid before parliament.

Commiflion-ers to lay an account of their proceedings before parliament;

and before the commiffioR-ers for auditing publick accounts.

'When the fum annually receivable by the com mif-iioners (hall amount to 4,ooo,oool. the dividends due on ftoclc paid off by them,etc.(hall be confidered as redeemed by parliament.

Penalty on forging any certificate, etc. made by virtue of this act.

Anno vicefimo fexto GfcoRGli life	[if	8&

the fifth day of January in e^ery year after the palling of this a&; which.account the faid govcrriof arid company are hereby required to lay before both houfes of parliament On Or before the fifteenth day of February immediately following, if parliament (hall be then fitting; and if parliament (Kail not be then fitting* then within fourteen days after the commencement of the then next feffion of parliament.

XVIII.	And be it enaded by the authority afcrrefaid, That a fimilar account of all the faid feveral particulars, and for the fame periods, (hall alfo be prepared and laid before both houfes of parliament, within the fame period, by the faid commiffioners, together alfo with an account of the times of their ptfrchafing, redeeming, and paying off any parts of the publick debts and annuities, and an account of the feveral prices paid for the farhef, and of the whole expence attending the execution of the powers vefted in them by this ad.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That duplicates of the faid accounts fhall be laid, at the fame time, before the commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts; and the faid commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts are hereby authorized and required to proceed to the examination thereof immediately after the end* of *rlte feffion of parliament in which fuch account (hall have been fo laid before the two houfes of parliament; after which examination by the faid commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts, fuch account (hall be further proceeded upon, and finally determined, to all intents and purpofes, in like form and manner as is and by law ought to be pradifed in the cafe of accounts for monies iflued at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, by way of imprefr, and upon account.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That whenever the whole fum annually receivable by the faid commiffioners, including as well the quarterly fum of two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds herein-before directed to be iffued from the exchequer, as the feveral annuities and dividends of (lock to be placed to the account of the faid commiffioners ih the books of the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of this ad, (hall amount in the whole to four millions annually, the dividends due on fuch part of the principal or capital ftock as (hall thenceforth be paid off by the faid commiffioners, and the monies payable on fuch annuities for lives or years as may afterwards ceafe and determine, (hall no longer be iffued at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, but (hall bb confidered as redeemed by parliament, and (hall remain to be difpofed -of as parliament (hall dired.

XXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall forge or counterfeit, orcaufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or (hall wilfully ad or affift in the forging or counterfeiting any certificate or certificates, order or orders, made forth by virtue of this prefent ad, or alter any number, figure, or word theiein, or prefent for payment.

Hosted by Google

475

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeorGII III. C. 32—34.

merit, utter, vend, barter, or difpofe of any fuch forged, counterfeit, or altered certificate or certificates,, order or orders,

(knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeit, or altered), then, and in every fuch cafe, all and every fuch perfon and perfons, being thereof convi&ed in due form of law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fufFer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefoid.

That the calhier or caihiers of the governor and company of Cafhiersofthe the bank of England (hall give fecutity, to the good liking of ferity ,SlVC the faid commiliioners, for duly performing the truft hereby in

him or them repofed.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That out of any aids or fupplies which (hall be grant- Treafury

ed for the fervice of each year, the lord high treafurer, or the ^identaf6 *n" commiffionersof his Majefty’s treafury, for the time being, (hall charges, etc. have power to difcharge all fuch incidental charges, not hereby of executing otherwife provided for, as (hall neceffarily attend the execution this act. of this aft, in fuch manner as to them (hall feem juft and reasonable, and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as lhall be proper, for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid cafhier or caihiers, and any other perfon or perfons (other than the faid commiflioners) for performing the truft hereby repofed in him or them; all which allowances to be made as aforefaid, in re-fpeft of the fervices, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and of the South Sea company, refpeftively, (hall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid companies, refpedhvely, and at their difpofal only.

CAP. XXXII.	'	,

An aft for railing a certain fum of money by loans or excheque*bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix. —1,500,000!. raifed by this aft.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for railing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty* fix.—i,000,0001. raifed by this act.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft for altering the days ofpayment of the long annuities, and an-nuities for thirty and twenty-nine years.

TTTHEREAS feveral annuities, granted by divers a bis of par- Preamble %

V V liament, to continue from the refpeblive times of their com-	.

mencement for certain terms of ninety-nine, ninety-eight, eighty, fe-venty-eight ,feventy-feven years ^ and feventy five years and fix months\ and then to ceafe, which were confolidated and made payable at the. bank of England, and are there diftinguifhed by the appellation of long annuities; and alfo other annuities granted for thirty and twenty nine years, and confolidated and made one joint flock of annuities, by an aft of the nineteenth year of the reign of George the Third,

papbk

Hosted by Google

After July, 1786, Uie recited ammi-

and April, 5, yearly.

476 N - Amid vlcefimofesta Georgii ML c, 35. [1786,

payable Uinvife at the bank ^England 5 all which {aid annuities U tentime for ninety-nine, ninety-eight, eighty,, feventy-eight, feventy -[men years, and {evenly-five years and fix months, and for thirty and twenty-nine years, from the times of their faidrefpefthe commence-merits, were, by the feveral adis granting thefame, made pdyable half-yearly, an the fifth day of January, and the fifth day ofju\y, in every* year: and whereas it is expedient that the times appointed by the [aid d£ts for the payment of the faid annuities Jhould, with the confent'of the proprietors thereof , be altered $ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed\ and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lbrds fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, ^ rtuiiui. from and after the payment of the feveral annuities abovemen-ties tobe'paid tioned for the half year which fl^all become due on the fifth day on Od. 10, of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, the fubfe-quent paymients thereof (hall, with the confent of the proprietors, be made in manner following; that is to fay, One quarterly payment of the faid annuities (hall be made on the tenth day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix, and from and after the faid tenth day of October, one thoufand feven*hundr ed and eighty-fix, fuch annuities {hall be paid and payable half-yearly on the fifth day of April, and the tenth day of Otfe* her, in every year, until the quarter day next preceding the time at which the feveral annuities, according to the feveral ads of parliament for granting the fame, (hall refpedrvely determine; and the quarter’s annuity for the time then remaining unexpired (hall be paid on the quarterly day of payment on which the fame {hall become due.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, .That fuch proprietors of the faid refpe&ive annuities who (hall noti on or before the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, fignify their diflent to the faid alteration of the times for the payment of the faid annuities, in books to be opened at the bank of England for that purpofe, (hall be deemed and taken to affent thereto, any thing in any ad or ads of parliament to the contrary thereof in any-wife nowithftanding.

III.	Provided neverthelefs. That all the provifions, powers, and directions in the feveral ads of parliament relative to the payment of the feveral and refpedive annuities aforementioned, and the claufes therein for charging the fame on the feveral funds provided for payment thereof, (hall take effed, operate, and be executed, with refped to the payment of the faid annuities on the days hereby appointed, as fully and effectually as if the fame were herein repeated, re-enaded, and applied to the payments to be made by the authority of this ad.

C A P. XXXV.

An ad to explain, amend, and render more effeduah an ad, made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An ad to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an ad, palled in the twenty third year of hi9 prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, “ An ad for authnrifim* the trea-

Proprietors deemed to affent to the alteration, unlefs they fignify their diffent, &c.

Provifions of former ads to operate with refped to the payments on the days hereby appointed.

An ad for authorifing the trea-* furer

Hosted by

GoogI



. 1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GfioRGH III. c. 36, 37.	477

•c furer of the navy to pay to the garrifon and naval department at *c Gibraltar, the like bounty for deftroying certain Spanifh fhips of war,

<e as is allowed to the officers and men pn board any of his Maiefty’s “ (hip's of war taking or deftroying Ihips of war belonging to the “ enemy. ”

* 23 Geo, 3. c. 16. and 25 Geo. 3. c. 29. fdr amending the former adt; recited. Comroiffioners may order the Jpri^e agents to pay the agents 6f the foreign troops of the lat£ garrifon X Gibraltar their (hare of bounty money, and prize money. Expences of this adt to be paid Out of bounty or prize motley id hand.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to explain an act, made in the laft feflion of parliament, with refpect to the allowances to be made for wafte on the exportation of white fait and rock fait to the Ifle of Man; fdr limiting the quantity Of Britifh refined fugar to be exported to the Ifle of Man; and for repealing fo much of an act, made in the feventh year of the reign of nis prefent Majefty, intituled," An act for encouraging and regulating the trade arid manufacture of the Ifle of Man} and for the more eafy fupply of the inhabitants there with a certain quantity t>f wheat, barley j oats, meal, and flour, authorifed by an act made in this feflion to be transported to the faid ifland, n as relates to permitting any perfon to import into the Ifle of Man fifh from any place whatever, except from Great Britain, without payment of any cuftom or other duty what-foever.

45 6eo. 3. Ci 63. and 20 Ged. 3-, fc. 34. recited. Allowance for wafte on fait exported to the Ifle of Man, reduced to 2 bufhels in 40 of white fait, and 1 btifhel in 40 of rock fait. Recital of 7 Geo. 3. c 45. From July 5, 1786, no Britilb refined fugar to be impprted into the Ifle of Man, except from Great Britain directly, and from the ports • after mentioned, under penalty of forfeiture and of the fhip, &c. 4 hundred weight of refined fugar, and 10 hundred weight of refined fugar baftard, may be exported annually from Liverpool to Douglas in the Ifle of Man. No fuch lugar to be exported from the Ifle of Man. The act of 7 Geo. 3. c. 45. feet. 3. as to fifh repealed, and the hoiife of keys in the ifland may permit one thoufand barrels of foreign herrings to be imported into the ifland in any one year, duty free.

CAP. XXXVIL

An act for laying a toll Upon all horfes and carriages pafling on a Sun-day over Blackfriars bridge, and for applying the money to arife thereby towards increafing the fund for watchingj lighting, cleanfiiig* watering, and repairing the faid bridge.

Adt 29 Geo. tf. cf 86. 7 Geo. 3. c. 37. A Sunday toll on horfes and carriages to commence on the firft Sunday after June 24,1786.

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, calafh, or other carriage, drawn by fix or more horfes or mules, the fum of ten-pence:

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, calafh, or other carriage, drawn by four horfes or mules, the fum of eight-pence:

For every coach, chariot* berlin, chaife, chair, calafh, or other carriage, drawn by three or two horfes or mules, the fum of fix pence:

And for every chaife, chair, calafh, or other Carriage, drawn by one horfe, mule, or afs, the fuift of three-pence:

For every horfe, mule, or afs, not drawing, the fum of one penny..

Monies vetted in the mayor, commonalty and citizens to be applied to the ufes of the adt. Power to levy the tolls by diftrefs and fale in 4 days,

Power to eredt turnpikes and toll-houfes within feet from the fouth VOL. XXXV.	Kk	end

Hosted by Google

478	Anno	vicefuno fexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1786.

end of the bridge. Property vefted in the mayor, &c. Tolls to be paid only once a day. Power to leafe the tolls for three years, and not lefs , than one, to the bigheft bidder. Common council may appoint collectors. Collectors to account; or may be committed. Upon the death of any collector, his executor or adminiftrator to be anfwerable. Penalty on perfons obftruCting collectors, 403. befides damages, 8cc. Collectors neglecting to apply for warrants, to forfeit 40s. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of goods, by juftices* warrant, and the net money to be paid into the chamber of London, and for want of diftrefs may commit the party for 10 days and not more than 30 days. One moiety of the penalties may be paid to the informers. Forfeitures may be mitigated to one moiety. Commencement of this act, June 24, 1786. Money collected to be applied to the lighting, watching, clean-fing, repairing, and watering the bridge. Power to appeal to the general quarter feffions of London in three months. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. No actions to be brought till after 21 days notice of the caufe thereof, and to be in fix months after fact, and to be laid and tried in the city of London, or county of Surry, as the matter may arife; and the defendant may plead the general ifiue and give the fpecial matter in evidence, &c. if he recover to have treble cofts. Common council may delegate their power to a committee. But no perfon concerned in any turnpike or toll-houfe to be erected, or any contract for work to be done by virtue of this act, or any (hare therein, or having place of profit eligible. Deemed a publick act.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An a5l for regulating the time of the imprifonment of debtors hnprl-foned by procefs from courts injlituted for the recovery of fmall debts; for abolijhing the claim of fees of gaolers, and others, in the cafes of fuch imprifonment $ and for ajcertaining the qualifications of the commijfioners.

WHEREAS by feveral a5ls of parliament nowin force, and made to eftablijh or regulate courts for the recovery of fmall debts in feveral cities, towns, dijlriuls and places within this kingdom, there is no uniform time limited for the duration of the imprifonment of the defendant or debtor, againft whom an execution, procefs of contempt, or precept in the nature of an execution, is ijfued for nonpayment of fuch debts and cofls, fum or fums of money, as by the order or orders of fuch courts fuch debtor or defendant is ordered or directed to pay, but fuch debtors or defendants are by fuch a 51s of parliament 1	to	be committed to prifon, there to remain for an indefinite length of

time, until he, jbe, or they; Jhall perform the order of the tourt or tommiffioners in that behalf; fio that it frequently happens that a poor perfon, who is not of ability to pay a debt of or under forty /hillings, is imprifoned for many months, and fometimes for years, without a pojfibility of being difcharged: and whereas ii often happens that poor perfons, zuho are committed to prifon by virtue of and in purfuance of the faidafts of parliament, for a trifling debt, are kept in cujiody after they have been enabled to pay and difcharge fuch debt, for gaol fees: and whereas an a51 was made in the lafl feffion of parliament, (intitu-£5 Geo. 3. led. An adt for reducing the time for the imprifonment of deb-Ct 45»	tors	committed	to prifon, upon profecutions in courts of con-

fcience, in London, Middlefex, and the borough of Southwark, to the fame periods in each court; and for abolifhing fees paid by thofe debtors to gaolers, or others,, on account of fuch impri-

fonment),

Hosted by Go< ,

Preamble.

1786.] Attno vicejlmo fexto Georgii III* c. 38.	479

fonment), the purpofes of which aft have been found to he beneficial;

and it is expedient that the like proviftons jhould be extended to all

other courts injlituted for the recovery of fmall debts: therefore be

it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with

the advice and cotifent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and

commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the

authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of Sep-

iember, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, no perfon imnrifonment

whofcever, being a debtor or defendant, and who has been or of debtors -

(hall be Committed to any gaol or prifon by order of any court, committed by

or commiflioners authorifed by any adt or adlsof parliament for courts of con-

j j	■	fcience

conftitutingor regulating any court or courts for the recovery or

fmall debts, where the debt does not exceed twenty (hillings,.

(hall be kept or continued in cuftody, on any pretence whatfo-ever, more than twenty days from the commencement of this adt, or from the time of his, her* or their commitment to prifon ; and where the original debt does not amount to or exceed the fum of forty (hillings, more than forty days from the commencement of this adt, or from the time of his, her, or their commitment as aforefaid; and all gaolers, keepers, or turnkeys, are hereby diredted and required to difcharge fuch perfons accordingly.

II.	And) in order the more effe finally to prevent perfons fummcned for debts to the faid courts from the fraudulent concealment of their

money or goodsbe it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That in Debtorsfound cafe, upon the fummons of any perfon for debt before the faid	N

court or commiflioners, information of any fuch pradtice (hall concealment be given* fuch court or commiflioners (hall have power to hear of their ef-evidence as to fuch fraudulent concealment; and in cafe it. fhall foils, may be be proved to their fatisfaction, upon the oaths of two or more i^prifonedfor credible witnefles, (which oath the faid court or commiflioners a onser e are hereby impowered to adminifter, and which oath, if falfely taken, (hall fubjedt the party or parties fo taking it to all the pains and penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury), that any fuch debtor has money or goods which he has wilfully and fraudulently concealed; in that cafe, the court or commiflioners fhall have power to enlarge the aforefaid times of imprifonment for debts under twenty (hillings, rp any time not exceeding thirty days, and for debts under forty (hillings, to any time not exceeding fixty days; which faid circumftance or ground of further detention (hall be fpecified in the faid commitment; and the depo-litions of the witnefles (hall be entered in a book to.be kept for that purpofe by the clerk to each refpedtive court or commiffioners.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Debtors not at the expiration of the faid refpedtive times of imprifonment as liable to pay aforefaid, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall immediately be dif- Sa°l charged and fet at liberty, without paying any fum or Turn's of

money, fee or fees, or other reward or gratuity whatfoever, to	#

the gaoler, keeper, or turnkey of fuch gaol or prifon, or others, by way of gaol fees, or difcharge fees, or otherwife, on any pre-

K k 2	tencp

Hosted by

Google

480	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c.38. [17%6.

Penalty on tence whatfoever; and every gaoler, keeper, or turnkey of any TO^nSnefuch 8a°l or Pri^on’ or others, demanding, taking, or receiving, E»e8. ng 1 any fee or fees, fum or fums of money whatfoever, upon the difcharge of any fuch perfon or perfons, committed or to be committed to his cuftody as aforefaid, or keeping or detaining any fuch perfon or perfons prifoner or prifoners, after the refpec-tive times limited by this aft, (hall, for every fuch offence, for-# . felt and pay the fum of five pounds. ror°ieterCeS	And ** ^urt^er ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That

mme offences #lt	an^ may be Iawfu^t0 an^ f°r any two'juftices of the peace

a^ainft this	where the offence (hall be committed, to hear and determine

aft.	any offence againft this aft * which faid two juftices of the peace

are hereby authorifed and required, upon any information exhibited or complaint made before them of fuch offence having been committed, to fummon the party accufed., and alfo the witneffes on either fide, and to examine into the matter of faft; and upon due proof made thereof, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or by the voluntary confeffion of the party, to give judgement or fentence for the penalty or forfeiture, as in and by this aft is direfted, and to award and iffue out their warrant under their hands and feals, for levying the faid penalty of five pounds fo adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they fhall not be redeemed in four days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where the goods of fuch offender cannot be found fufficient to anfwer the penalty, to commit fuch offender to prifon, there to remain for the fpace of two months, unlefs fuch penalty fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

Penalties and V. And be it further enafted. That all forfeitures and penal-how^o'be ap- t,es inflifted by this aft (the neceffary charges for the recovery plied.	thereof being firft dedufted) fhall be divided and diftributed in

manner following ; that is to fay, One moiety thereof to be paid to the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor, for the fuppoit and maintenance of the poor of the parifh in which the offence fhall be committed; and the other moiety to the perfon or perfons who fhall inform and fue for the fame. to^e^hVw.ted ^1. Provided always, and be it enafted. That no per-vithin a limit- f°n or perfons (hall be liable to be convifted before any juftices ed time. of the peace, for any offence committed againft this aft, unlefs complaint or information fhall be made or exhibited againft fuch perfon or perfons within two calendar months after fuch offence committed.

Procefs not to VII. Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That it (hall not be *^ue aSamft lawful for any fuch court or commiffioners to iffue any procefs good^of the aga*nfr‘the body of bodies of any perfon or perfons, where the fame perfon. party intitled to the benefit of any order, judgement, or decree, fhall at the fame time have obtained any warrant or procefs againft the goods and chattels of the fame perfon or perfons. Qualification VIII. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the of commif. twenty.fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and tioneis. eighty-fix, no perfon (hall be capable of aftingas a commiffioner

in

Hosted by :>ogle

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII III. C. 39, 40.'	481

in the execution of any of the ads for conftituting fuch courts, unlefs fuch perfon (hall be a houffyolder within the county, di-ftrid, city, liberty, or place, for which he (hall ad, and (hall be poflefled of a real eftate of the annual value of twenty pounds, or of a perfonal eftate of the value of five hundred pounds : and Penalty on if any perfon, not being fo qualified, (hall prefume to ad as a noV commiflioner in the execution of any of the ads for conftitut- ^ ing fuch courts, every perfon fo ading (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered, with full cofts of fuit, by adion of debt or on the cafe, wherein no efloin, protedion, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; and the perfon fo profecuted (hall prove that he is qualified as aforefaid, or otherwife (hall pay thefaid penalty, upon proof being given of his having aded as a commiflioner in the execution of any of the ads conftituting fuch courts: provided always, that fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the offence committed, and (hall be laid or brought in the county, city, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, and not elfewhere.

CAP. X^XIX.

An ad for widening, enlarging, and cleanfing the ftreets, lanes, and other publick places, and for opening new ftreets, markets, and paf-fages, within the town of Newcaftle upon Tyne, and the liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing annoyances therein; and for regulating the publick markets, and common ftage waggons, drays, and carts, carrying goods for hire.

The mayor, aldermen and common councilmen of Newicaftle to put this ad in execution at the expence of the corporation .

CAP. XL.

An aft for regulating the produftion of manifefts, and for more ejfeftually preventing fraudulent praftices in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and in the clandejiine relanding of goods.

WHE REAS the laws now inforce, made to fecure the pay- Preamble.

ment of the duties due on fuch goods as are admijftble to an entry upon importation into this kingdom from foreign parts, and to prevent the clandejiine and fraudulent importation and exportation of prohibited goods9 and the relanding of goods Jhipped for exportation, entitled either to bounty or drawback, have been found infufficient to anfwer the good purpofes thereby intended; be it therefore enadec} by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of thelords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the times herein-after mention- No goods to ed, no goods or commodities (hall be imported or brought into be imported Great Britain, from any port or place whatever, in parts beyond g^ta^ loan the feas, in any (hip or veflel whatever, belonging in the whole veffei^bclong-or in part to his Majefty’s fubjeds, unlefs the matter, or other ing to Britifh

K k 3	perfon	fubjeds, un-

Hosted by

Google

lefs the mailer 1 have od boardv a manifeft, containingthe particulars herein mentioned*

No wine to be imported from any place not fub-je<5t to the crown of Great Britain unlefs the mafter has a proper manifeft on board.

* Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 40. [1786*

Ton having or taking the charge or command of every fuch fhip or veffel, refpe&ively, importing fuch goods, fhall have on board a manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, in writing, figned by fuch mafter or other perfon, containing the name or names of the feveral and refpedive ports or places where the goods in fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, mentioned, (hall have been refpe&ively laden or taken on board, the name and built of fuch (hip or veffel, and the true admea-furement or tonnage thereof, according to the regifter of the fame, together with the chriftian and furname of the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch ihip or veffel, and the port or place to which fuch (hip or veffel truly belongs; and a juft, true, corre&, and particular account of all the cargo, and of all packages of goods fo laden or taken on board, with the feveral and refpe&ive marks thereon; and of the particulars of the cargo which is flowed loofe; and of the following particulars, in words at length ; (that is to fay), The feveral and refpedlive numbers of the packages, with a particular defeription thereof, whether leaguer, pipe, butt, puncheon, hog(head, barrel, or other cafk or package, deferibing fuch other cafe or package by its ufual or ordinary name ; or whether cafe, bale, pack, trufs, cheft, box, bundle, or other package, or by fuch other name or defeription as the fame is ufually called or known.

II. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid. That no wine of any fort (hall be imported or brought into Great , Britain, from any port or place whatever in foreign parts, not belonging to or under the dominion of the crown of Great Britain, in any (hip or veffel whatever, unlefs the mafter, or > other perfon having or taking the charge or command of the (hip or veffel in which fuch wine (hall be laden, (hall have on board, in like manner, a manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, in writing, made out and figned by fuch mafter or other perfon, on or before the clearing or departure of every fuch (hip or veffel from each and every fuch port or place where fuch wine (hall be laden on board, containing the name of the feveral and refpe&ive ports or places where the wine mentioned in fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, (hall have been fo refpedlively laden or taken on board; thd name and built of fuch (hip or veffel, and the true admeasurement or tonnage thereof; together with the chriftian and furname of the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, and the port or place to which fuch (hip or veffel truly belongs; and a juft, true, correct, and particular account of the whole quantity of wine, diftinguifhing the quantity of each different kind, fo taken on board as aforefaid, and of the feveral and refpedtive marks upon the different packages refpedlively, and, if known, the names of the perfons to whom the wines are refpe<5tiveJy configned ; and alfo, in words at lengthy the feveral and refpe<5tive numbers of the packages, with a particular defeription thereof, whether leaguer, pipe, butt, puncheon,

hpgfhead^

Hosted by Google

1786.} Anno vlcefimo fexto Georgii III. c.40.	483

hoglhead, barrel, or other calk or package, or by what name or defcription fuch other calk or package may be ufually called or known: provided always, That nothing in this a6t contained Certificates lhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to permit any goods or r|*quifite on commodities whatever, which are now in law required to be tionot^goods accompanied with certificates or other documents, to be im- as heretofore, ported into Great Britain without all and every fuch certificate or certificates, or other document or documents, fo required;

H but the fame lhall, and are hereby directed and required to be J accompanied, as well with fuch certificate or other document,

; as with the manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, here-j in-before dire&ed; and, on failure thereof, the goods lhall re-fpe&ively continue to be liable to all and every the duties, re-! gulations, and reftridtions, and to the fines, penalties, and for-I feitures, in all refpedls, to which the fame are or lhall be fubjedt and liable by law, as if this adt had not been made.

III.	And be it further enadted. That before any Ihip or vef- Mafters of

! fel lhall be cleared out for Great Britain with any goods or com- vefiels, before !	modifies whatever, from any	port or place in any colony, plan- f^Great^

j	ration, illand, or territory in	foreign parts, belonging to or un- Britain, from

der the dominion of the crown of Great Britain, the matter, or any of the I other perfon having or taking the charge or command of every Britifh domi-j fuch Ihip or veflel, lhall deliver the manifeft or content, in	parts	to

i	ing, herein-before required,	to the collector of the cuftoms (if deliver a ma-

i	there be fuch an officer at or	near to fuch place); and, if there nifeft to the

;	fliall not be a colledtor of the cuftoms there, then to the chief clr”e/ oflfi5er

i	officer of the cuftoms; and, if there lhall not be any officer of

j	the cuftoms there, then to the principal officer or magiftrate, or

!	fome other perfon by him fpecially appointed for that purpofe,

I	refident at or neareft to fuch place; which faid colledtor, or

other chief officer or magiftrate, or other perfon by him appointed as aforefaid, lhall refpedtively caufe a duplicate thereof to be forthwith made, and lhall indorfe upon the original mani-j fell or content his name, with the day and year on which the fame was produced to fuch collector or other chief officer or magiftrate, or perfon by him appointed, as aforefaid, and lhall then return the faid original manifeft or content to the faid mailer or other perfon, on or before the clearing of any fuch Ihip or veffel; and fuch colledlor or other chief officer or magiftrate, or other perfon fpecially appointed as aforefaid, lhall re-fpedtively, at and upon the clearing of every fuch Ihip or veflel as aforefaid, immediately tranfmit the faid duplicate of fuch manifeft or content, fo made as before diredled, under his hand and feal, to the collector and comptroller of his Majefty’s cuftoms at the port in Great Britain to which the goods are conligned, and to which the manifefts refpedtively refer.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That no fort of wine lhall be admitted to an entry on the importation thereof into Great Britain, in any Ihip or veflel whatever, from any port or place in parts beyond the feas, not belonging to. or under the dominion of the crown of Great Britain,

K k 4,	unlefs

or tne cui* toms, &c.

Truth of the manifefts to be verified on oath, before the conful, &c* relative

Hosted by Google

484	• Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGii III. c. 40,	[1786.

to wine {hip- unlefs the rpafter, Or other perfon having or taking the charge ped in foreign or command of each and every (hip or veflel importing-the fame.

Great Britain.	be^ore h*s departure from the port or place where fuch

•	4	*	wine	is (hipped or laden on board, verify upon oath the truth

of the contents of the faid manifeft or manifefts, in refpedt of the faid wine, before the Britijh conful or other chief Britijh officer, if there (hall be any fuch refident at or near to the port or place where fuch wine (hall be laden or taken on board ; which oath the faid Britijh confuls, or other chief Britijh officers, is and are hereby refpe&ively authorifed and required to adminifter.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any goods (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, in porting1 floods any fhip or veflel Whatever, belonging in the whole or in part £- to his Majefty’s fubje&s, from any port or place whatever in foreign parts, without fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, in writing, or (hall not be included and defcribed

Penalty on inafters of vefiels im-

Without a proper mani-

Mafters of

vefTds, on arrival with* in 4 leagues of the Britifti coaft, are to produce their mani-fefta to the firft officer

therein, or (hall not agree therewith; or if any wine (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain by any fuch (hip or veflel, without a manifeft or manifefts, content or contents, fo verified as aforefaid; in each and every fuch cafe the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall forfeit a fum of money equal to double the value of fuch goods, together with the full duties payable on the fame.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge, or command of any (hip or veflel, belonging in the whole or in part to his Majefty’s fubjects, laden with goods as aforefaid, and bound to any port or place in Great Britain, (hall, on his arrival within four leagues of the coaft thereof, upon demand, produce. all and every fuch manifeft or manifefts, of content or contents,' in writing, which fuch mafter or other perfon is herein-before directed and required to have on board his faid (hip or veflel, to otthecuftoms	fuch officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms as (hall firft

who fhall	come on board his faid (hip or veflel, for his or their examina-

board °and	tlon anc* in(Pe(^on» anc^ (hall-deliver to fuch officer or officers

give him a	a true copy thereof, refpectively. (which copy (hall be provided

copy thereof, and fubfcribed by the faid mafter, or other perfon having or tak-Officer to	ing the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel); and that the

certify fuch	feveral and refpe&ive officer and officers to whom the original

Pr^u<^on on manifeft fhall have been fo produced, (hall certify upon the back the original thereof that the fame was produced, and alfo the-day and yeaf inanifeft, and on which the fame was or were fo produced, arid fuch copy or totranfmit copies as aforefaid were to him or them delivered; and (hall the copy to jjkewife certify upon the back of fuch copy or copies the day officers^aTthe anc* year on wh*eh the fame was or were- produced, and (hall port of con- forthwith tranfmit fuch copy or copies to the refpedtive colle&ors fignment, &c. and comptrollers of the feveral port's to which the goods, by fuch manifeft or manifefts'^ (hall appear refpe&ively to be con^ figned ; and that the /aid mafter, of other perfon fo having Or taking the charge or command of any fuch (hip or veflel* (hall

¥1

Hosted by

Google

4^5

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. C.,40?

in like manner produce to the officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms who (hall firft come on board fuch (hip or veflel, upon her arrival within the limits of any port of Great Britain in which the cargo, or any part thereof, is intended to be dif-charged or landed, fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, in writing as aforefaid, and (hall alfo deliver to him or them a true copy or copies thereof (fuch copy or copies alfo to be provided and fubfcribed by the faid matter, or other perfon leaving or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or veflel), the produdtion of which faid manifeft or manifefts, or content pr contents, in writing, and the delivery of fuch copy or copies thereof, to be delivered as is herein-berbre directed, (hall alfo be certified to have been fo produced and delivered as aforefaid, by the (aid officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms who (hall fo firft come on board the faid (hip or veflel, on her arrival within the limits of any fuch port, upon the back of the faid original manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, in writing, with the particular day and year, and the time when fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, in writing, was or were produced to fuch officer or officers, and when he or they fo received the faid copy or copies thereof; and fuch officer or officers is and are hereby required forthwith to tranfmit, or caufe to be tranf-mitted, the faid copy or copies of the faid manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, in writing, to the colle&or and comptroller of that port: provided always, That nothing herein con- Matter not tained (hall be conftrued to extend to require of fuch mafter, or required to other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch f^anTwo6 (hip or veffel, the delivery of more than one copy of the mani- copies of hii feft or manifefts, content or contents, refpe&ively, which he is manifeft. hereby diredted to have on board, to the officer or officers aforefaid, who (hall firft come on board of fuch (hip or veflel, within four leagues of the coaft of Great Britain, and to none other who (hall afterwards come on board, within the diftance aforefaid ; and qne other copy to fuch officer or officers as (hall firft come on board within the limits of any port in Great Britain, and to none other who (hall afterwards come on board within fuch limits, if fuch mafter, or other perfon fo having or taking the charge or command of any fuch (hip or veflel, (hall produce to fuch officer or officers refpe&ively his manifeft or manifefts, content or contents, with a certificate on the back thereof, as aforefaid1 provided lalfo. That if any manifeft or content, herein-before dire&ed to be delivered up to the colle&or and comptroller of any port where fuch ftjip or veflel arrives, (hall contain an account of goods not there to be landed, but which (hall 1 appear to be cqnfigned to fome other port or place in Great Britain, then, and in fuch cafe, that the collector and comptroller (hall certify upon fuch manifeft, under their hands, fuch jpart of the cargo as (half there have been delivered, and (hall then deliver back the original 'manifeft to the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of the (hip of Veflel; and fo in like manner, as often as the cafe (ball require,

• * •	»■	■'	“	v	until

Google



Penalty on matter neglecting to produce his ma-uifeft, or to give a copy thereof to the proper officer, &c*

and on officer neglecting to certify the production thereof, etc.

Matter and mate of any fuch veflel, who ttiallfuf-fer bulk to be broken within the faid limits, unauthorised by the proper officer, ttiall forfeit each sool.;

except, &c.

Annp vicefimo fexta Georgii III. 0. 40* [1786.

until fuck (hip or veflel (hall arrive at her laft.port or place of diicharge.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, if the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any (hip or veflel, laden as aforefaid, and bound to any port or place in Great Britain, (hall not, upon his arrival within the limits of any port in Great Britain as aforefaid, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof, produce fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, in writing, to the officer and officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms as aforefaid, upon demand thereof, and alfo give fuch copy or copies thereof as aforefaid to the officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms who (hall firft come on board fuch (hip or veflel, upon her arrival, as aforefaid, within any port in Great Britain, where the cargo, or any part thereof, is intended to be discharged or landed^ or (hall not give an account of the deftination of fuch (hip or veflel, or (hall give a falfe account of the deftination thereof, in order to evade the production of the manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, in writing, the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the. charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall forfeit a fum equal to double the value of the goods, together with the full duties due and payable thereon ; and if fuch officer or officers firft coming on board, within the diftance or limits aforefaid, (hall negled or refufe to certify on the back of fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, the produ&ion thereof, and the delivery of fuch copies, refpedtively, as are herein-before directed and required to be delivered to fuch officer or officers, every fuch officer, fo negle&ing or refilling (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That if, after the arrival of any (hip or veflel fo laden with goods as aforefaid, and bound to Great Britain, either when within the limits of any of the ports of Great Britain, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof, bulk (hall be broken, or any part of the cargo of fuch (hip or veflel (hall be unladen or un-(hipped with intention to be laid on land, or unfliipped for any other purpofe whatever, out of fuch (hip or veflel as aforefaid, within the limits or diftance aforefaid, before fuch (hip or veflel (hall come to the proper place for the difcharge of her cargo, or any part thereof, and (hall be there duly authorifed by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms to unlade the fame, the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, and the mate or other perfon next in command, (hall refpedhvely forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds, except in cafe of unavoidable neceflity and diftrefs of weather, or other unavoidable accident, neceflity, or diftrefs, of which neceflity and diftrefs, or other unavoidable accident, the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall give notice to, and (together with two or more of the mariners on board fuch (hip or veflel) (hall make proof, upon oath, before the collector

or

- Hosted by

Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 40.	487

or other chief officer of the cuftoms of the port within the limits of which fuch accident, neceffity, or diftrefs (hall happen, or before the collector or other chief officer of the firft port in Great Britain, within the limits of which fuch (hip or veffel (hall afterwards arrive, if the faid accident, neceffity or diftrefs (hall have happened, not within the limits of any port, but within four leagues of the eoaft of Great Britain, (which oath the faid collector or other chief officer is hereby authorized and required to adminifter).

IX.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid,

That if, upon the arrival of any (hip or veffel within the limits Directions re-

of any port in Great Britain^ for the difcharge of the cargo, or lative to

any part thereof, there (hall be any goods which, from necef- I°°fj r J * r t	r	\	s	n\	»iii	itorea in the

lity, or from the nature of the cargo, mutt be unavoidably majn ^old,

(lowed, either in the cabbin, or between the decks, or upon the

decks, or in the fteerage, forecaftle, or other place or places,

out of the main hold of any fuch (hip or veffel (fave and except

fuch part of the cargo as is flowed in the chains,* or in other

parts on the outfide of fuch (hip or veffel), in fuch cafe the

officer or officers of the cuftoms who (hall firft go on board,

(hall, before he or they (hall leave the (hip or veffel, mark or

feal fuch feveral and refpe&ive packages, in fuch manner as fuch

officer or officers thall be directed by the cammiffioners of the

cuftoms, or any four or more of them, in England, or the com-

mitfioners of the cuftoms, or ariy three or more of them, in

Scotland, for the time being, and (hall keep a particular account

thereof; which mark or (eal (hall not be altered, defaced, or

broken, before the goods contained in fuch packages (hall be

refpedtively landed, either at the lawful quays, or at fuch other

places as (hall from time to time be allowed for that purpofe, by

fpecial fufferance and leaye from the commiffioners and officers

of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and under the authority of an order

from the proper landing waiters, and like wife in the prefence of

fuch fuperior officer or officers as the faid commiffioners of the

cuftoms, m England and Scotland refpe&ively, (hall appoint to

fee fuch packages opened.

X.	i^nd be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That If any marks if any of the marks or feals which (hall have been put upon any on fuch goods of the packages as before diredled, (hall be altered, defaced, or foce^vdfh broken, by the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the tjie privity of charge or command of the (hip or veffel on board of which fuch the mafter offence or offences (hall be committed, or by any of the crew, and mate,

or (hall be committed by any other perfon, with the privity or	!each"

confent of the faid mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, every fuch mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch lhip or veffel, and alfo the mate or fuch perfon as (hall be next in command to fuch mafter, or other perfon having the charge and command as aforefaid, (hall, for each and every offence fo committed, forfeit two hundred pounds.

.£L And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That

Google

488	Anno viceOmo fexto Georgh III. c. 40.	[178&

Matter of That the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge every veflel or command of any (hip or veflel, in which fuch goods (hall be foch°good3 to imported or brought as aforefaid into Great Britain, (hall, make entry, within twenty-four hours after the arrival of fuch (hip or veffel upon oath, of at fuch places refpe£Uvely as (hall hereafter be fixed upon and ter burthen, appointed for that purpofe by the commiflioners of the cuftoms, before*the* or any ^our or more	m England^ or the commiffioners

chief officer of the cuftoms, or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for at the port of the time being, make entry, upon oath, of the built, burthen, importation; contents, and lading of fuch (hip or veflel, with the particular marks, numbers, and contents of every parcel of goods then laden on board fuch fhip or veflel, to the beft of his knowledge and belief, and do and perform every adt and thing in relation thereto, before the cuftomer, colle&or, or other chief officer of the cuftoms of the faid port, openly in the cuftom-houfe at the fame port, in the manner directed and required by an apaired in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late 13 Sc 14 Car. majefty King Charles the Second, intituled. An attfor preventing c. ix. frauds^ and regulating abufes in his Majefty s cuftoms, under the and deliver penalty of the forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and the faid his manifeft matter or other perfon (hall, at the time he fo makes his report ■	or entry of his (hip upon oath, at the cuftom-houfe as aforefaid,

deliver to the colledtor, or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the faid port, the manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, in writing, as before dlre&ed to accompany their refpediive cargoes, and to be on board every (hip or veflel in which goods (hall be fo imported or brought as aforefaid into Great Britain j on penalty of and if the faid matter, or other perfon having or taking the seal.	charge or command of any fuch (hip or veflel, (hall negledt or

refufe to deliver fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, in writing, as aforefaid, to the faid collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms, at the time he fo makes his report or entry of his (hip upon oath at the cuftom-houfe as aforefaid, every fuch matter, or other perfon fo having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of two htmdred pounds.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Penalty on That if any package whatever, which (hall have been reported the ^od^re-	or	other perfon having or taking the charge or

ported°(half" command of any (hip or veflel in manner herein-before direft-Rot agree	ed, (hall be wanting, and	not found on board fuch (hip or vef-

with	the	ma- fel, in conformity to fuch	report; or if the goods reported (hall

nifeft, &c. not agree with the manifeft or manifefts, content or contents;

or if either the report or	manifeft or manifefts (hall not agree

with the cargo found on	board of fuch veflel or veflels; then,

and in every fuch cafe, the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch.(hip or veflel, (hall for-Certain cafes feit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds: provided never-m which the thelefs. That in cafe any goods (hall be imported without fuch not^beincur- man^eft or manifefts, or content or contents, in writing, as red.	herein-before is dire&ed; or in cafe the manifeft or manifefts*

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vlcefimo fexto Georgii III. e.40.	489

or content or contents, accompanying the goods, (hall not agree with the report, or (hall be defaced or incorrect, or (hall not agree with the goods on board, and it (hall be made to appear, to the fatisfaftion of the commiffioners of the cuftoms, that the cargo imported was wholly taken on board in foreign parts, naming the particular places where it was taken on board refpeftively, and that no part of the cargo has been unfhipped fince it was taken on board, and that the manifeft or content has been loft or miflaid without fraud or collufion, or that the fame was defaced by accident, or incorreft by miftake; in fuch cafe, the penalties and forfeitures herein-before inflifted (hall not be incurred: provided alfo, That in cafe any goods (hall, from urgent neceffity, be taken on board of any (hip or veflel in any foreign porf or place, for Great Britain, after fuch manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, as required by this aft, fhall have been attefted in manner herein-before direfted, the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall make out, or caufe to be made out, and (hall fign, a feparate manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, of all fuch goods as (hall be fo taken on board ; which manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, (hall be fubjeft to all and every provifion in this aft contained, to all intents and purpofes, in like manner as the manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, fo attefted as aforefaid, are fubjeft-ed; and in fuch cafe, the penalties and forfeitures herein-before	'

inflifted, with refpeft to goods imported without a manifeft or content, (hall not be incurred, if the urgent neceffity of fo taking fuch goods on board (hall be made to appear, to the fatisfaftion of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England and Scot-land refpeftively.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That if any goods fo taken on board any (hip or veflel in any Penalty on foreign port or place, (hall, after the arrival of fuch (hip or vef- m?ft.ers per-fel within the limits of any port of Great Britain, or within four to^be^rown* leagues of the coaft thereof, or after the firft produftion of the overboard, manifeft or manifefts, or content or contents, to the officers of &c. after ar-the cuftoms, in manner hereinbefore direfted (whether fuch rival within goods (hall be inferted in the faid manifeft or manifefts, or con-tent or contents, herein-before direfted to accompany fuch goods, or not), be thrown overboard, or (laved, or otherwife in any manner deftroyed (except in cafe of unavoidable neceflity, proof of which (hall be made, to the fatisfaftion of the com-miffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeftively), the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of the (hip or veflel on board of which fuch offence {hail be committed, fhall forfeit two hundred pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every importer or importers, proprietor, or pro- Importers, prietors, or confignee or confignees, of any goods imported or &c. within ao brought into Great Britain as aforefaid, (hall feverally and re- days after the fpeftiyely, within twenty days after the mafter, or other perfon ^rt^to make

having entry, with

Hosted by Goo«

49°

the proper officer, of all goods imported, &c. by them, and pay the duties.

t% Annx, c. 8.

Trom Aug. i, 1786, no vef-fel (hall be cleared out for foreign parts, until the maf-ter and mate have given bond not to land illegally any goods on board, etc.

Anno vicclimo fexto G^oRGii III. C. 40. [178&

having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or vefleJ* (hall have made his report or entry upon oath, in manner here-* in-before directed, or after the expiration of the time within which he is required by law fo to do, make a due entry in writing, in the ufual and accuftomed manner, with the collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms, at the port in Great Britain where the (hip or veflel fo laden as aforefaid (hall arrive, of all the goods fo by them, and each and every of them, refpedlively* imported in fuch (hip or veflel, or of which they and each and every of them are the importers, proprietors, or confignees, re-fpe&ively, and (hall pay the full duties due and payable, in ready money, for fuch goods, within the time aforefaid; and that if he or they refpe&ivelyfhall fail in fo doing, it (hall and may be lawful for the officers of the cuftoms to convey fuch goods to his Majefty’s warehoufe at the cuftom-houfe for fecu? rity of the duties; and if the full duties are not paid for fuch goods within the fpace of three calendar months from the time they (hall be fo brought to the faid warehoufe at the cuftoms houfe, they (hall and may be then forthwith fold, and the pror duce applied agreeably to an a£f, pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An aft for encouraging the tobacco trade; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding: provided neverthelefs, That nothing herein-before contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the felling of any goods which may by law be entered and wareboufed, upon bond or fecurity Jpeing given for the whole of the duties due thereon.

XV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the firftday of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, it (hall not be lawful for any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Great Britain to permit or fuffer any (hip or veflel to be cleared out for foreign parts, from any port or place whatever in Great Britain, until the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, and the mate of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall Severally and refpe&ively give fecurity to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, by bond, in the penalty of two hundred pounds, (which fecurity (hall be taken by the collector, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, at fuch port or place, who is hereby authorifed and required to take fuch fecurity), with condition that fuch matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or veflel, or fuch mate, as the cafe may be^ will not at any time thereafter land, or caufe to be landed, any goods, in any part of this kingdom, in any manner which is of (hall be prohibited by law, or take the fame on board in order to their being fo landed, nor be anywife concerned, or aiding or aflifting in fraudulently importing, un(hipping, or landing the fame, and will not hinder, moleft, or oppofe, any of his Ma-jefty’s officers of the cuftoms or excife, or any other perfpn or perfons aflifting them, or either of them, in the dup execution of their refpedtive offices or employments; or until fuch matter,

or

Hosted by Google

T786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 40.	491;

or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, (hail produce a certificate, under the hand of the collector, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, at fome other port o^place in Great Britain, of fuch fecurity having been before given at fuch other port or place, to fuch collector or other principal officer, by fuch matter and mate.

XVI.	And be'it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That there (hall not be paid or allowed to any perfon whatfo- Clauferelative ever, upon the exportation of any goods entitled to eithert(bales drawback, or bounty, upon exportation, any drawback, boun- pref3-packed, ty, or allowance whatever, if the goods are in bales prefs- etc, packed, unlefs the feveral different names and fpecies of the goods and the quantities and qualities thereof, refpedively, lhall be verified by the refpedive mailer packer or mafter packers thereof, or one of them, or in cafe of the abfence of fuch mafter packer or ^mafter packers, or one of them, from ficknefs or other unavoidable neceffity, by the foreman, or other fervant of fuch mafter packer, or mafter packers, refpedively, who (hall have adual knowledge of the contents of the bales fo refpedively prefs-packed, in the following manner; (that is to fay). If the goods are packed at the port whence they are to be exported, or within ten miles thereof, then by oath made and fubfcribed upon the entry or cocquet, before the colledor or comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms at fuch port,

(who is and are hereby refpedively authorifed to adminifter the fame); and if fuch goods are packed at any greater diftance than ten miles from the port from whence the goods are to be exported, then on the like oath made, and fubfcribed in manner aforefaid, before fome magiftrate or juftice of the peace for the county or place where fuch mafter packer or packers (hall re-fide.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That every mafler, or other perfon having or taking the charge Penalty on or command of any (hip or veffel, on board of which any goods matters who (hall be (hipped for exportation to foreign parts, from any port ^a11 not dclle* or place in Great Britain, (hall, upon demand, produce and de- to^he^ropo' liver to each and every officer or officers of his Majeftv’s cuf- officer; toms, who (hall come on board his (hip or vefiel, either within the limits of any port in Great Britain, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof, all and each and every cocquet or cocquets delivered to him by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, at the port or ports,. place or places, where the (hip or vefiel (hall have been cleared out, for the examination and infpedion of every fuch officer or officers, under the penalty of one hundred pounds; and if fuch officer or officers (hall find any orwhofe car* of the goods on board fuch (hip or vefiel not to correfpond go (hall not with the cocquet or cocquets fo produced, he or they is and are agreeable hereby authorifed and required to feize the faid goods, which ther€t0-(hall be forfeited; or if fuch officer or officers (hall difeover that any of the packages indorfed upon the cocquet or cocquets fo produced, are not on board the faid (hip or veffel, the mafter,

or

Hosted by

Google

or bounty, to be made out in the names of the real owners.

Companies trading by a joint ltock may employ

492	Anno	vlcdimo	(exto	GeoRGU III. C. 46. [178&

or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of thfc ‘	(hip	or	veflel,	(hall	forfeit	the	fum	of	twenty	pounds for each

and every package contained in fuch cocquet or cocquets, and not found.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Debentureson That no entry (hall pafs, nor any debenture be made out, upon goo^endtloi exPortat*on to foreign parts from Great Britain, of any goods to drawback, whatever, which are entitled either to drawback or bounty upon exportation, but in the name of the real owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors of the goods, if they, or any of them, are Tefident in Great Britain; and that before fuch owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors; (hall receive the drawback or bounty, or any allowance to which fuch goods may be entitled, or any part thereof, one or more of them, and not any broker or agent on his or their behalf, (hall, upon the debenture, verify, by oath, his or their fo being the real owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors, of fuch goods, and alfo that the goods are really and bona fide exported to foreign parts, and have not been relanded in Great Britain $ any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding: provided always. That fuch real owner or owners, or proprietor o^ proprietors of fuch goods, if he or they (hall not have purchafed or obtained a an agent, etc. right to, or property in, the drawback to which fuch goods are intitled, (hall, and is and are hereby required, at the time fuch goods are entered for exportation, to acknowledge in writing under his or their hands upon the entry, the perfon or perfons who is or are intitled to fuch drawback; and fuch perfon or perfons (hall1, after the requifites of this aft are fully complied with, receive fuch drawback; and the receipt of fuch perfon or perfons upon the debenture (hall be an acquittal and difeharge for fuch drawback: provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this aft (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to hinder or prevent the agent of any corporation or company trading by a joint (lock from making o5th, in the manner now by law allowed, to entitle fuch corporation or company to obtain any drawback or allowance upon the exportation of goods from Great Britain$ hor to hinder or prevent any proprietor or proprietors of lands in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations, nor any perfon or perfons whatever, from exporting from any place, otlrer than that at which he or they refide, if fuch perfon or perfons (hall refide at a greater diftance than twenty miles from fuch place, any goods or commodities whatever; nor any perfon or perfons whatever from exporting from any place, other than that at which, he or they refide, any goods whatfoever, of Britijh ma-nufadure, (being the property of fuch perfon or perfons), by and in the name of an agent, and fuch agent is hereby autho-rifed to do and perform every ad and thing, to entitle the real proprietor or proprietors of the goods to all and every bounty, drawback, or allowance, due by law upon the exportation of fuch goods, and to recover the fame in as full and ample manner as if the real proprietor or proprietors was or were to ad:

a	therein	|

Hosted by Google

Anno vlcefimo fexta GeoRGII III. c. 40.	493

therein; provided fuch agent fhall teftify upon oath, on the back of the debenture, over and befides what is already by law required to be teftified upon oath before the collector or comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftotns, (who is and are hereby authorifed to adminifter the fame), the name or names of the real proprietor or proprietors of the goods, and his or their known place of abode, and (hall, if required by the faid collector or comptroller, or other chief officer, give good and fufficient reafon for his knowledge of the place to which the goods are intended to be exported,

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the twenty-ninth From Sept, day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix,	no

no bounty or premium (hall be paid or allowed for or upon any t °be mi^for goods whatfoever exported from this kingdom to Ireland, and goods export-that no drawback, bounty, or premium fhall be paid or allowed ed to Ireland, for or upon any goods whatever exported from this kingdom to Guernfey, the iflands of Guernfey or Jerfey, nor any debenture made out	ccr.

for fuch drawback, bounty, or premium, until a certificate fhall tificate. be produced, under the hands and feals of the colle&or, comptroller, and furveyor of the cuftoms, or any two of them, belonging to fuch port in Ireland, or from the regifter of certificates, or other chief officer of the cuftoms in the faid iflands of

Guernfey or Jerfey, as fuch goods fhall have been refpedtively landed at, certifying that the goods have been duly landed there; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That no goods whatever, intitled to either drawback, bounty, Goods inti-or premium, fhall be carried or put on board any fhip or vefleltled t0 draur-whatever for exportation to foreign parts by any perfon or perfons ^om^o be^ whatever, (except the proper officers of the revenue), other than put onboard, fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be authorifed for that purpofe, by licence under the hands of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any four or more of them, for the time being, who are hereby authorized to grant the fame, and to require fuch fecurity as they may deem neceffary, by bond or otherwife, to be given by the perfon or perfons to whom they fhall grant fuch licence, for the actual delivery of the whole of the goods on board fuch fhip or veflel to the officers of the revenue ftationed on board, and for the faithful and incorrupt dealing, in every refpedt of fuch perfon or perfons in regard to fuch goods; which faid perfons fo " to be licenfed as aforefaid, fhall and are hereby required, upon carrying fuch goods on board any fhip or veflel, to give clear and full information thereof, in writing, to the mafter, or other perfon then in charge of fuch fhip or veflel, for the better enabling the mafter to give notice, as required by this adt, previous to his clearing out with drawback or bounty goods; which licence, when granted by the commiffioners of the cuftoms, fhall not be withdrawn by them, or the operation under the fame in any manner hindered, obftrudted or prevented, un-lefs either the perfon or perfons to whom fuch licence fhall have been granted, or fome other perfon or perfons employed You XXXV.	LI	^	by	f

Hosted by C^OCf^lC

494	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii III. c. 40. [1786.

by them,tand with his or their privity or confent, (hall commit forne ad againft any law now made, or hereafter to be made, to fecure the revenue of cuftoms or excife, and (hall be convided thereof, in which cafe the faid commiflioners (hall and are hereby authorifed and required to withdraw fuch licence.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the au-Towhomli- thority aforefaid, That the commiflioners of hts Majefty’s cuf-cencesforthat toms (hall, and are hereby required to grant fuch licence as be^rantecT1 a^orefa^ to a^ an^ eVery perfon and perfons who is or are'now,

s	by law, intitled to carry or put on board fuch goods, and who

(hall give fuch fecurity as the faid commiflioners, or any four or more'of them, (hall deem neceflary, and to no other perfon or perfons whatever.

XXII.	And whereas it has frequently happened, That Jhips or veffels, as well bound to Great Britain from foreign parts, as from Great Britain to foreign parts, have pqjfed the ujual places appointed for ftationing officers of the revenue on board of veffels, and for relieving or landing fitch officers, without bringing to for fuch purpofe;

Penalty on	lie it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the

matters of	matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or com-

velTels who	mand 0f any (hip or veflel coming or arriving from foreign parts,

touring to at not Prefume to Pa^s fach ufaal places, or fuch other places the ufual	as may hereafter be appointed for that purpofe by the commif-

places ap-	fioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any four or more of them,

pointed for	for the time being, without bringing to and receiving the re-

'fleers™?the"	venue oncers on board; or, being out-ward bound for foreign

revenue.	parts, (hail not prefume to pafs without bringing to at fuch

ufual places, or fuch places as (hall be appointed as aforefaid, for the purpofe. of the cargo being examined, and of relieving or landing fuch officers, unlefs in cafe of unavoidable necefiity or diftrefs of weather, or other unavoidable accident, to he made appear to the fatisfadion of the commiflioners of the cuftoms; and that every fuch matter, or other perfon, who (hall fo pafs without bringing to for the purpofes aforefaid, either inward or outward-bound, (hail, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXI1L And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Revenue offi- That from and after the pafling of this ad, any officer or officers on board cers 0f bis .Majefty’s revenue, properly authorifed to examine accefs tothe anf *WP or vcfle.l* or the cargo on board thereof, (hall, at all cabbin, times, have free accefs to the cabbin, and every other part or and may open place in fuch (hip or veflel; and in cafe any places within the locks, etc. cabbin, forecaftle, fteerage, or any other part of the (hip, or any boxes, chefts, or other thing contained therein, (hall be locked, or in any manner fattened, and the keys (hall be withheld, or the places (hall not be opened for fuch officers refpec-tively, on their requiring the fame of the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip of veflel, fuch officer or officers, if they are of a degree fuperior to tidefmen or watermen, (hall, and are hereby authorifed and im powered to ooen the feme in the heft nwmei? they can, and

ar.e

Hosted by Google

*786*] Annb vicelimo fexto GeoRGII III. c. 40*	495

are hereby indemnified in fo doing; but if fuch officers (hall only be in the clafs of tidefmen or watermen, they (hall, and are hereby required to fend for their fuperior officer, who is hereby in like manner authorifed to open, or caufe the fame to be opened; and (hall be, and is and are hereby indemnified in fo doing.	-

XXIV,	And ivhereas, by an aft paffed in the ninth year of his prefent Majejiy's reign, (intituled, An a<ft for better fecuring the Recital of duties of cuftoms upon certain goods removed from the out 9 Geo. 3.C.414 ports, and other places, to London; for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majefty's cuftoms, in the province of Sene-gam bia in Africa; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland a proper com-penfation for their trouble and expences j for the better preservation of hollies, thorns, and quickfets, in forefts, chafes, and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods in forefts and chafes; and for authorifing the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley. Called Bigg, from the port of Kirhvall in the iflands of Orkney}, it is amongfi other things en-aftedy That no Nanquin cloth, mujlinsy foreign callims, or foreign dimity, exceeding in quantity one intire piece; and no china earthenware, exceeding in number twelve pieces, (if thefame/hall have been imported or feized at any out port in Great Britain), /hall be brought, removed, or carried, either by land or by water, from any out port, or other place whatfoever, in Great Britain, into the port of London, or the members thereof or to any place whatever, within the dijlance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange ^London, without a certificate from the colleftor, or other proper officer of his Ma-jefly's cuflomsy at the port or place where fuch goodb were imported or feized, certifying that the duties upon the importation of fuch goods have been duly paid or fatisfied, or that the faid goods have been before compounded fry or condemnedy which fa ft s /hall be verified by the oath of the importer or proprietor thereof? referring to the times when, and the place wherey fuch goods were entered, condemnedy or compounded for ; and if fuch goods /hall have been imported or feized within the port of London, and fent from thence to any out port for fate, they /hall not be removed as afore faid from any out port into the port of London, or the members thereof or to any place whatfoever within the dijlance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange <?/London, without a certificate from the colleftor or other proper officer of his Majefifs\cujloms, at or nearejl to the port or place from 4whence fuch goods are intended to be removed, certifying that the owner or proprietor of fuch goods hath made oath before him, that the faid goods, and every part thereof had been fent to fuch owner or proprietor from London, for fale, in the lawful way of trade, referring to the time when, with the name and refidence of the perfon from whamy fuch goods were fent, and that fuch owner or proprietor verily believed the duties payable upon the importation of fuch goods had been duly paid and fatisfied, or that the faid goods had been before compounded for or condemned; and the faid refpeftive certificates /hall exprefs the quantity and quality of the faid goods, with the marks of

L 1 2	th

, Hosted by Google

cate that the duties have been duly paid, etc.

496	Anno vicefxmo fexto Georgii IIL c.40. [1786.

the package thereof \ to what places, and to whom% the fame at e con-figned9 and by what carriage the fame are intended to be removed; and, > if the Jaid goods are removed by^ land, the /aid certificate Jhall alfo exprefs and limit the time for which the fame Jhall continue in force : and whereas further regulations are neceffary^ to attain the good purpofes intended by the faid aft : be it therefore enaded by No goods, the the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the paffing of this growth or ad, no goods or commodities whatever, of the growth, pro-^any^uii6- dudion, or manufa&ure of the countries beyond the Cape of try beyond the Good Hope, (hall in any manner, or upon any pretence whatever. Cape of Good be brought, removed, carried, or conveyed, either by land or Hope, (hall be by water, from any place whatever, into the cities of London London ort0 anc* ^flminfler, and the liberties thereof, or the borough of Weftminfter, Southwark ^ and the feveral fuburbs thereof, or into the parifhes etc. without a of Saint Mary le bon, and Saint Pancras, in the county of Mid-proper certifi* dlefex> without a certificate, as direded by the faid laft recited r9tP f f ad, made in the faid ninth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or without a certificate from the colledor or other proper officer of his Majefty’s,cuftoms in the port of London, certifying that the duties have been duly paid for the fame at the importation thereof, or that the fame have been before compounded for or condemned ; which (hall be verified by the oath of the proprietor or proprietors of fuch goods, referring to the time or times when fuch goods were entered, compounded for, or condemned, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all fuch goods, and of the packages, which (hall be fo brought, removed, carried, or conveyed into, or which (hall be found carrying, conveying, or removing to, the faid cities and places aforefaid, or any of them, with intent to bring fuch goods into fome or one of the cities or places aforefaid without fuch certificate as before direded, together with the boats, carts, horfes, cattle, and carriages, made ufe of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of the fame, and the furniture belonging thereto.

XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if, from and after the pafling of this ad, any difputc (hall arife, touching the place to which fuch goods or commodities, as aforefaid, were removing, carrying, or conveying, the claimer or claimers of fuch goods or commodities (hall prove that they were removing, carrying, or conveying to fome place, other than the cities and places aforefaid ; and that the proof of their being removing, carrying, and conveying to the cities and places aforefaid, (hall not lie on the officer who (hall feize or hop fuch goods.

XXVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this ad (hall extend, or be

, conftrued to extend, to forfeit any of the aforefaid commodities, removed * which (hall be removed, or found removing, as before menti-without for- oned, if it (hall appear, to the fatisfadion of the commiffioners feiture there- of the cuftoms, that fuch goods were bought in a lawful and open way of trade, or are the property of private perfons, and have been ufed as their domeftick furniture,

XXVII.	An<l

The proof of the place to which fuch goods were removing to lie on the claimer.

In certain cafes fuch

Hosted by

Google

1786.] Anno vlcefimo fexto GeoRGII III. p. 40.’

XXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Commanders That it (hall and may be lawful for the commanders of any of ofhisMaje-his Majefty’s (hips or veffels of war, or any commiffioned war- ^® ^P3 rant or petty officer, fpecially authorifed by them, to feize, with- may’ fe;z‘e any out having any deputation or commiffion from the commiffion- vefielsor

ers of his Majefty’s cuftoms or excife for that purpofe, any goods fubjed goods or commodities whatever, or any (hips or veffels what- to forfeiture, ever, which fhall be fubjed to forfeiture by this ad, or by any other ad or ads of parliament now in force, for any offence againft the revenue of cuftoms or excife: provided the commander of fuch (hip or veffel of war (hall bring, or caufe to be brought, every fuch feizure to his Majefty’s warehoufe at the neareft cuftom-houfe to which fuch feizure can conveniently be	......

brought, and (hall there lodge and depofit the fame, in the

cuftody, and under the charge and care of the proper officer of

the cuftoms, in cafe the feizure (hall be made under any ad for

fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or in the cuftody, and under

the charge and care of the proper officer of excife, in cafe it

(hall be made under any ad for fecuring the revenue of excife

only; and (hall, in all refpeds, in regard to the profecution or	o

delivery of any fuch feizure, conform to all and each and every	^

of the rules, regulations, and reftridions to which the officers

of his Majefty’s cuftoms and excife are now, in cafe of fuch

feizures made by them refpedively, fubjed; any law, cuftom,

or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIII.	And zvhereasgreat difficulties have arifen in afcertaining the truth of faffs relative to his Majeftfs revenue of cuftoms, as well as to the conduff of the officers employed therein, upon examinations and inquiries made by the furveyors general of the cuftoms; be

it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, from and Witneffes to after the pafting of this ad, any perfon or perfons examined be examined before them as a witnefs or witneffes, or any or either of them,	^e-

refpedively, (hall deliver his, her, or their teftimony upon oath, veyorsgeneral to be adminiftered by the furveyor general, or furveyors gene- ofthecuftoma. ral refpedively, who fhall examine them ; and fuch furveyor or furveyors general are hereby authorifed to adminifter fuch an oath accordingly; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

, XXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall be convided of Perfons mak-making a falfe oath, touching any of the fads direded or re- inga falfe quired by this ad to be teftified on oath, or of giving falfe^vi- ®ar^» etc. to dence, on his, her, or their examination on oath before thelfur- guilty of per-veyors general of the cuftoms, or any one or more of thettV, jury# refpedively, in conformity to the diredions of this ad, fuch perfon or perfons fo convided as aforefaid (hall be deemed guilty of perjury, and (hall be liable to the pains and penalties to which perfons are liable for wilful ahd corrupt perjury.

XXX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Penalties and? That all penalties and forfeitures created and incurred by this	r	*

ad, (hall and may be fued for, profeeuted, recovered, and dif- COVered and )

LI 3	pofed	applied.

,	Hosted	by	Google

4$8	Anno	vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 40.'	[1786.

pefed of, in fuch manner, and by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods or veffels forfeited for any offeree againft the laws of cuftoms, may now legally be fued for, proiecuted, recovered, and difpofed of; and the officer or officers concerned in feizures or profecutions under this ad, (hall be entitled to, and receive fuch (hare of the produce arifing from the feizures as they are now by law entitled to upon profecutions of feizures for unlawful importation, and to fuch (hare of the produce arifing from any pecuniary fine, or penalty, or compofition, paid for any offence againft this ad, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon profe-.cutions for pecuniary penalties.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

If in atrial That, from and after the paffxng of this ad, in cafe any infor-Koods^wbere- rnat^orl	commenced	and brought to trial, on account of

in a verdict " ^le feizure of any goods, or of any (hip, boat, or other veffel, fhall be given or of any horfe, cattle or carriage, as forfeited by this or any for the claim- other ad of parliament relating to his Majefty’s cuftoms or ex-er, there (hall c;fe> or 0ther his Majefty’s revenues, wherein a verdid or fen-bee^ tence (haN be given for the claimer thereof, and it (hall appear caufe for fuch to the judge, juftice, or court, before whom the fame fhall be tried feizure, the or heard, that there was a probable caufe of feizure, the judge,

juflice, or court before whom the fame (hall be tried or heard, (hall certify on the record or other proceedings that there was a probable caufe for the profecutor’s feizing the faid goods, (hip, boat, or other veffel, horfe, cattle, or carriage; and in fuch cafe the defendant (hall not be entitled to any cofts of fuit whatfo-ever, nor (hall the perfons who feized the faid goods, (hip, boat, veffel, horfe, cattle, or carriage, be liable to any adion, or other fuit or profecution, on account of fuch feizure; and in cafe any adion, or other fuit or profecution, (hall be commenced and brought to trial or hearing againft any perfon or perfons what-foever, on account of the feizing any fuch goods, (hip, boat, veffel, horfe, cattle, or carriage, where no information (hall be commenced or brought to trial to condemn the fame, and a verdid or fentence (hall be given, upon fuch adion or profecution, againft the defendant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom fuch adion or profecution may be brought (hall certify, in like manner as aforefaid, that there was a probable caufe for fuch feizure, then the plaintiff, befides his goods, (hip, boat, veffel, horfe, cattle, or carriage fo feized, or the value thgjreof, (hall not be entitled to above two-pence damages, nor to,#ny cofts of fuit, nor (hall the defendant in fuch profecution be fined above one (hilling.

XXXII,	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the feveral regulations in this ad contained, except where the time for commencement thereof is otherwife in this ad fixed and provided for, (hall commence from and after the following periods; videlicet^ In refped to (hips or veffels coming from any part of Europe^ from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, onethonfand feven hundred and eighty-fix; in refped

defendant lhall not be inti tied to cods, etc.

Commencement of this act.

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoEgii III. C.40U	4^

fpect to (hips or veflels coming from any partof Africa or America, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven 5 and in refpedt to (hips and veflels coming from Afia, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty*, eight.

XXXIII.	And whereas, by an aft of parliament made in the third Recital of year of the reign of his prejent Majejiy, (intituled, An a£l for the £	5*

further improvement of his Majefty’s revenue of cuftoms; and for the encouragement of officers making feizures ; and for the prevention of the clandeftine running of goods into any part of his Majefty’s dominions), it is, amongjl other things, enabled*	....

That it Jhall and may be lazvful to and for the commijfioners of his Majejiy s cujloms to caufe all Jhips, vejfels, and boats, and all goods, of what kind foever they may be (excepting only fuch vejfels, boats, and goods as are by law liable to be burnt), which Jhall be feized by any officers of the cujloms for unlawful importation, or for nonpayment of duties, or for any other cauje of forfeiture, and condemned, according to law, to be fold publickly to the bejl bidder, at fuch places as the faid commijfioners Jhall think proper: and ivbereas, by an aft made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy {intituled. An a6t 4 Geo. 3.0.15, for granting certain duties in the Britijh colonies and plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an adt pa (Ted in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled, An aft for the better fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majejiy's fugar colonies in America); for applying the produce of fuch duties, and of the duties to arife by virtue of the faid a61, towards defraying the expenses-of defending, prote&ing, and fecuring, the faid colonies and plantations ; for explaining an adl made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An aft for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eaftland trades, and for the better Jecuring the plantation trade); and for altering and difallowing feveral drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effe&ually preventing the clandeftine conveyance of goods to and from the faid colonies and plantations, and improving and fecuring the trade between the’fame and Great Britain) ; it is, amongfl other things, enabled. That all forfeitures and penalties in-flifted by that or any other aft or afts of parliament, relating to the trade and revenues of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, which jhall be incurred there, Jhall and may be profecuted, fued for, and recovered in any court of record, or in any court of admiralty, in the faid colonies or plantations where fuch offence Jhall be committed, or in the court of vice admiralty, which may or Jhall be appointed over all America; which court of admiralty, or vice admiralty, are thereby refpeftively authorifed and required to proceed, hear, and determine the fame, at the eleftion of the informer or profecutor; but the faid lajl recited aft not having given any direftions by whom Jbips and goods fo feized and profecuted in the faid Britifh colonies or plantations Jhall be fold, after the condemnation thereof, and it being expedient that the fame Jhould be fold, by the officers of his Majejiy's revenue,

L 1 4	in

r£oo	Anno vtefcfimo fexto Georoii III, g. 41.	{1786.

in like manner as they are fold in Great Britain : in order, therefore, to obviate any doubts that have arifen or may arife in fuch cafes, it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. From Sept.19, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one 1786,all.vef- thopfand feven hundred and eighty-fix, all (hips and vefTels, feized afd°d8 an<* g°°ds> what kind foever they may be, which (hall be cohdcmedifi feized in purfuance of any a£t or a£te made in Great Britain, the Britifh co- relative to the trade and revenue of the faid Briiijh colonies or loniesiAAme- plantations, and which (hall be condemned there, in any court fcdd*there by having jurifdiCUon to try and determine the fame, (hall be fold public auc- * by publick au&ion to the beft bidder, at the cuftom-houfe, by |lon.	the colle&or and comptroller, or other principal officer of the

cuftoms, for the ifland, colony, or plantation, in whofe cuflody fuch (hip, veflel, or goods (hall be lodged and fecured; and the produce of fuch fale (hall be accounted for and applied by fuch collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, according to law, fubjeCt to the orders and directions of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England, or any four or more of them; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

C A P. XLI.

An aft for the further fupport and encouragement of the fi/beries carried on in the Greenland feas and Davis’s Streights.

Preamble. \X 7 HERE AS the fi/beries carried on in the Greenland feas VV and Davis’s Streights have been raifed, by the bounties and encouragements already given, to a very fiourijhing condition: and whereas the faid bounties will ceafe and expire on the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix, and it will be proper further to encourage and fupport the [aid fijheries, by granting, to /hips employed therein, Jucb other bounties as the prefent Jlate of the publick revenue may juftify, and the nature and condition of the faidfi/heries appear now to require: be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of For five years the fame. That, for and during the fpace of five years, to be from Dec. 45, computed from the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thou-3786, Britifii fan(j feyen hundred and eighty-fix, the bounties herein-after the5whaleS 011 mentioned (hall be paid and allowed under the feveral rules and fiftiery mull reftri&ions herein-after exprefled and dire&ed; (that is to fay), be vifited by Every Briti/b-b\i\lt (hip or veflel, owned by a Briti/h fubjeCt or offir Briti/h fubjedls ufually refiding in Great Britain, or in the whoCfhaH™er- inlands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Man, which (hall, within the tify the ad- time limited by this a61, proceed from any port of Great Britain, meafurement, or the illands aforefaid, on the whale fifhery, to the Greenland etc. to the feag5 or Davis*s Streights, or to the feas adjacent, and which crs?mi 10n” *hall be wanned and navigated with a mafter, and three fourths of the mariners at lead, being Briti/h Subjects, ufually refiding in Great Britain, Inland> or in the iflaads aforefaid, (hall, before

Hosted by Google

i?S<5.] Anno vicelimo fexto GeoRgii III. C. 4rJ	501

fore (he proceeds on fuch voyage, or be intitled to the benefits of this a&, be vifited by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms belonging to fuch port, who (hall examine into fuch (hip or veffel and take an account of the tonnage thereof by adgieafurement, and (hall certify fuch his or their vifitation* and examination and admeafurement, to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms; and if it appears by the certificate of fuch If fuch certi-. officer or officers that (he hath on board fuch a number of men* ficate proves^ provifions, boats, fiftiing lines, and inftruments to be ufed in thePvo fuch fifhery, as herein-after are mentioned;, that (he is ftrongly ag^ e voy* built, and otherwife a proper (hip for fuch voyage and fifhery* * and hath on board, among her crew, a fufficient number of harpooners, fteerfmen, and line managers, who have before been employed in fuch voyages, (the names of fuch perfons to b be contained in fuch certificate); and if it further appears, by ancj.if *a the oath of one or more owner or owners, and of the mafter or Intention to chief officer of fuph (hip or veffel, written at the foot of fuch proceedforth-certificate, and made before the principal officers of the cuftoms with thereon,, of fuch port, or any two of them, whereof the collector (hall be one, (who are hereby empowered and required to adminifter the fame), that it is really and truly their firm purpofe and determined refolution that fuch (hip (hall, as foon as licence (hall he granted, forthwith proceed, fo manned, furnilhed, and accoutred, on a voyage to the Greenland feas, or Davis’s Sireightx, or the feas adjacent, and there, in the then approaching feafon, to ufe the utmoft endeavours of themfelves, and their (hip’s company, to take whales, or other creatures living in the fea, and on no other defign or view of profit in fuch voyage, and to import the whale fins, oil, and blubber thereof, into the king- and to import dom of Great Britain, (naming the port thereof to which it is w^alein(. their intention to return); and if the mafter, after fuch certifi- Great Britain cate had and oath made, do alfo become bound, with two fufficient fecurities, unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the penalty of fuch fum as (hall be equal to treble the bounty granted by this a&, (which bond the faid collector, with the approbation of the comptroller, is hereby, as far.as relates to the bounties granted by this adt, authorized to take, and which is to be in force, for the term of three years, againft the mafter and fureties, for the faithful dealings of the faid mafter and (hip’s company in regard to the faid (hip and voyage), then, and in all fuch cafes, it (hall and may be lawful for any three or the commifli-more of the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scot- oners,on fecu-land refpecftively for the time being, on receiving fuch certificates rJ[Jcn and oaths made, and it being certified to them by the collector grantYicence and comptroller of fuch port, that fufficient fecurity hath been to the (hip. given as aforefaid, to give and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant to the,mafter and owners of fuch (hip,

'full licence and authority to proceed on fuch voyage as aforefaid.

II.	And, to 'prevent any difputes that may drife, whether a Jlnp he properly qualified and duly fitted out fir the wfale fijbery> according to

the

i

Hosted by Google

ft

502	'	Aimo	vicefimo	fexto	Georgh	in.	c.41.	[1786.

the Jrue intent and meaning of this aSf, and intitled to a certificate ber of rnen" thereof from the cufiom-boufe officers-, it is hereby enafted, That filing lines, every fliip of the burthen of two hundred tons, defigned for this &c. muft be* fifhery, (hall and is hereby obliged to have on board forty fifhing on board. lines of one hundred and twenty fathom each, forty harpoon irons, four boats, with feven men at the lead (including an har-pooner, a fteerfman, and a line manager) to each boat, making in the whole twenty-eight men, befides the matter and furgeon, with fix months provifions at the leaft for fuch number of men; and every (hip of larger burthen, an increafe of fix men, one boat, ten fuch lines, and ten harpoon irons more, for every fifty tons above the faid two hundred tons, together with provifions in proportion; and every (hip which (hall be fo employed in the faid fifhery, (hall haro on board apprentices indentured for the fpace of three years at the leaft, who (hall not exceed the age of eighteen years, nor be under fourteen years of age at the time they (hall be fo indentured, in the proportion of one apprentice at the leaft for every thirty-five tons burthen, and one fre(h or green man for every fifty tons burthen, which apprentices and fre(h^or green men (hall be accounted in the number of men required to be on board fuch (hip as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. The officer of That on the return of fuch (hip to the port of Great Britain, \o on^eturaof	one	or	wore	of the owners and the matter thereof had de*-

the (hip to dared on oath their intention to return, the proper officers of Great Britain, the cuftoms, at fuch port, (hall immediately repair on board and (hall make a view the condition of fuch (hip and her lading, and certify the condition ** feme, together with their obfervations thereon, as alfo the real See. * tonnage of the faid (hip; and the faid officers are alfo to take an account or fchedule of the names of the matter, mate, and other perfons on board, diftinguifliing therein the harpooners and persons more immediately employed in the faid fifhery, and to cer-and oath (hall tify the fame; and the matter and mate (hall make oath before nothavfnffde- principal officers of the cuftoms, or any two of them, where-viated from * °f the collector (hall be one as aforefaid (who are hereby impow*. the conditions ered and required to adminifter the fame), that they did, in on which the pursuance of the licence granted as aforefaid (mentioning the eranted1*6 Wa8 ^ of their departure), proceed in a voyage direftly to the pla-6	9	ces aforefaid, and have not fince been on any other voyage, or

purfued any other defign or view of profit; and that they did there (mentioning the time of their flay in thofe feas) ufe the utmoft endeavour of themfelves and their (hip’s company to take whales and other creatures living in thofe feas, and that all the whale fins, oil, and blubber, imported (if any) in fuch (hip, were really and bona fide caught and taken in the faid feas, by the crew of fuch (hip or vefiel only, or with the affiftance of the crew of fome other Britijh-bm\$ lhip or veffel licenfed for that voyage, Purffiant t0 the direftions of this aft, which oath (hall ments ffianbe endorfed on> or annexed to the licence aforefaid; and the tranfmitted to feid fchedule, certificate, licence, apd oath, (hall be tranfmitted the commif- by the collector and comptroller of fuch port to the refpeftive fioners, who	commiflioners

Hosted by Google

1786,3	Anno-vlcefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 417	'50	j

commiffioners for that part of Great Britain where fuch fhips or (hall order a veflels (hall arrive; and fuch commiffioners, being fully fatisfied bounty of of the faithful dealings of the matter and other perfons employed 30 8* per on* in fuch (hips or veflels, with refpedt to fuch voyage and fifhery,

(hall, on demand, caufe payment to be made to the matter or owners, or to his or their affigns, by the receiver-general of the cuftoms for that part of Great Britain where fuch (hips or vef-fels (hall arrive, a bounty or premium of thirty (hillings per ton, according to the admeasurement of every fuch (hip or veflel duly certified as aforefaid.

IV. .Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted by

the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons (hall be a 1- No fon

lowed or entitled to receive the bounty herein-before granted, fllan be inti-

for any (hip which (hall proceed upon the faid whale fifhery, tied to the

from any part of Great Britain, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jer- bounty, unleft

fey, or Man*, after the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one	fai*s	t

thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, unlefs fuch (hip (hall fail 0f furvey be-

from the port where (he (hall be furveyed and cleared, dire&iy fore April 10,

on her intended fittiery, on or before the tenth day of Aprils in yearly,

each and every year, and (hall continue with her crew in the g^n°nt|j"Ue8

Greenland feas, or Davis’s Streigbts, or the adjacent feas, diligently Aug. 10, fol-

endeavouring to catch whales, or other creatures living in thofe lowing, unlefs

feas, and (hall not depart from thence before the tenth day of laden with the

Auguji then following, unlefs fuch (hip, if (he be of the burthen on^&c

of three hundred tons, (hall be laden with thirty ions of oil, or herein fpeci-

blubber in proportion thereto, the blubber to be rated with re- fied;

fpeCt to the oil as three to two, and one ton and a half of whale

fins* or if (he be of greater or lefs burthen, with a quantity of

oil or blubber, and whale fins, in like proportion to the tonnage

for which every fuch (hip (hall be intitled to the bounty, being

the produce of one or more whale or whales caught by the crew

thereof, or with the affiftance of the crew of fome other licenfed

(hip, before that time, or (hall be forced by fome unavoidable unavoidable

accident or neceffity to depart fooner from thofe feas; which ac- accident to

pident or neceffity (hall be verified on the oaths of the matter depart fooner,

and mate belonging to fuch (hip, upon her return from the faid whith (hall be

fiffiery, before the principal officers of the cuftoms, or any two oath and”

of them, (whereof the collector (hall be one), at the port where tranfmitted

(be (hall arrive, who (hall tranfmit the fame, together with the with the other

fchedule, licence, and other documents by this a6t required, to documents to

the refpecftive commiffioners of the cuftoms for that part of Great ^he c°mr?' iv t, .	•*	» r , /!• fi n	r	lioners or the

Britain where fuch (hip (hall arrive.	cuftoms,

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That in cafe it (hall happen, during the continuance of this aCt, if a flfip that any (hip or veflel (hall not fail from the port where (he (hall ready for be furveyed and cleared, direCtly on her intended fittiery, on or (ailing by. before the faid tenth day of April in any year, provided it (hall unavoidable y be made appear to the fatisfa&ion of the commiffioners of his neceffity pre-Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeCtively, that fuch vented from (hip or veflel was properly qualified and duly fitted out, accord- failing till (pg to the directions of this aft, and furveyed, cleared, and ready

for

Hosted by Google

504	Anho▼kefimo fexto Gborgii III. 0.41. [1785.

for failing, before the faid tenth day of Aprils but w^s prevented from failing by feme unavoidable impediment or neceflity, but lhall aftually have failed on or before the twenty-fifth day of April in every fuch year, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any four or more of them in England, or any the bounty three or more of them in Scotland, to pay the'bounty for fuch may be paid, ftip or ve(fej> jn \\^c manner as if fuch (hip or veflel had aftually failed on or before the faid tenth day of April.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

Bounties to J>e That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of anydmonies cuft°ms m England and Scotland refpeftively, to order the in the hands refpedive receivers general of the cuftoms, in cafe the monies re-of the re-	maining in their hands arifing from the old fubfidy, (hall not be

ceiver ge-	fufficient, at any time or times during the continuance of this

neral.	aft, to fatjsfy the faid bounty of thirty (hillings per ton, payable

on all (hips employed in the faid fifhery, according to the directions of this prefent aft, to pay the fame out of any monies that (hall be in their hands, arifing from any of the duties and revenues under their management refpeftively.

VII.	And whereas it hath been found by experience, that Jhips of one hundred and fifty tons burthen are fit for the faid fijh~ eryi be it therefore enafted and declared by the authority

Ships of 150 aforefaid. That every owner or owners of any (hip or (hips of tons burthen one hundred and fifty tons burthen, which (hall be employed in bounty. °* 6 t*ie finery, who have conformed themfelves, in proportion to their tonnage, to the rules and direftions herein-before preferred to the owners of (hips of greater burthen, (hall be inti-tied to the faid bounty, according to the admeafurement of fuch (hip or (hips refpeftively, provided fuch admeafurement be not lefs than one hundred and fifty tons.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority

No (hip (ball aforefaid. That no (hip or veflel at this time employed in the a larger boun^ ^ai<^ finery, although (he be above the burthen of four hundred ty than for tons, (hall be entitled to a larger bounty than a (hip of four hun-400 ton9, dred tons would be. entitled to, and that (he (hall continue to and only for enjoy the fame for the fpace of five years, and no longer, from frcfrn Dec. 35, *he faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hun-1786;	' 5> dred and eighty-fix, in cafe fuch (hip or veflel (hall not be worn

and if not out, or have ceafed before that time to carry on the faid fifhery; CmPfifhed 'n an^ *hat no or ve^ which (hall not, before the twenty-fifth beforethat ^ay December^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-lix, day, not have been employed in the faid fifhery, although fuch (hip or larger than for veflel (hall be above the burthen of three hundred tons, (hall 300 tons. be entitled to a larger bounty than a (hip or veflel of three hundred tons would be entitled to.

Ships of more IX. Provided alfo. That nothing in this prefent aft contained tons or°aoo *hall exten(*> or he conftrued to extend, to oblige the owner or tons’, need owners of any (hip or veflel above the burthen of four hundred npt be fitted tons, or three hundred tons refpeftively before-mentioned, to fit oat hut as of out, equip, and man any fuch (hip, otherwife than as a (hip or thole bur- vefly 0f tbe burthen of four hundred tons, or three hundred

tons

1786.] Anno vieefimo fexto Georgii III. C. 4r>	^05

tons refpeftively, according to the directions of this aft, in order thens, to en? to entitle him or them to the bounty herein-before granted. title them to

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That ^nty*

no bounty granted by this aft (hall be paid or allowed to any foall be allow* perfon or perfons whatever, on account of any (hip or veflel em- ed to any ployed in the faid fifliery, unlefs a log book (hall have been coil- (hip where a ftantly kept on board fuch (hip or veflel, in which log book the JjJS various fituations and occurrences, refpefting fuch (hip or veflel, periy fcept? during the whole courfe of the voyage, (hall be inferted every	9

day, and particularly the times when fuch (hip or veflel (hall

have been in fight of land, diftinguilhing what land, and the bearings thereof, and the fuppofed diftances therefrom, and the foundings; and alfo the time when, and the latitude in which, any whale, or other creature living in the fea, (hall have been killed, taken, or caught by the crew of fuch (hip or veflel; which log book, fo to be kept as aforefaid, (hall be delivered by the which (hall be matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command delivered to of fuch (hip or veflel, at the time of his making a report of fuch of^e cuf-(hip or veflel, to the colleftor of the cuftoms at the port in Great toms, before Britain where fuch (hip or veflel (hall arrive on her return from whom the the faid fifliery, for his infpeftion and examination; and the faid ^ntents . matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, together with the mate thereof, (hall jointly and feverally verify on oath the contents of fuch log book before fuch colleftor, who is hereby authorized and required to ad-minifter the fame.

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any fuch (hip or veflel (hall, in the courfe of her if a (hip of voyage, meet or fall in with any of his Majefty’s (hips or veflels war is met of war, the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge at fea» or command of her, (hall, and is hereby required to produce to produced to* the captain, or other officer commanding fuch (hip or veflel of the captain, war, the faid logbook fo to be kept as aforefaid, and fuch captain who muft or commanding officer (hall, and is hereby required to make a make therc*n memorandum in fuch log book, of the day on which it was fo d^™°the~ produced to him, and (hall fubferibe his name to fuch memoran- production, dum, and (hall alfo make an entry in the log book of the faid &c.

(hip or veflel of war, of the name and defeription of the (hip or veflel on board of which the log book of fuch (hip or veflel fo and muft produced to and figned by him was kept; and in cafe fuch (hip like wife be or veflel,	on	board of which	a log book is	fo	required	to	be kept	{££	°

as aforefaid,	(hall put	into	any	foreign	port, where	there is or	conful at any

(hall be a Britijh conful, or other chief Briti/h officer, the matter, foreign port, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall, and is hereby required to produce fuch log book to fuch Britijh conful, or other chief Britijh officer, who (hall and is hereby required alfo to make a memorandum therein, of the day on which it was fo produced to him, and (hall in like manner fubferibe the fame.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That every (hip or veflel, owned by his Majefty’s fubjefts re- Ships fitted

e	fidinfr	out from Ire"

c	licnn2	land, agree-

So6

able to the Regulations of this aft, fhall be intitlecf to the bounty.

The owners may irifure

Afina vicefimo (exto Georgii III. c. 4I.	[ 1	Jr8§#

fiding in Ireland, and fitted out from any port in that kingdom* which (hall have complied with the conditions of this ad, to be verified by certificates, in fuch manner, and under the like rules, regulations, and reftridions as are required, by any law in force before the palling of this ad, to entitle (hips or veflels, fitted out frdm Irelandr, to the bounties then exifting for the encouragement of the Greenland and whale fifhery, (hall, from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thohfand feven hundred and eighty-fix, be entitled to fuch and the fame bounties as the like (hips or veflels fitted out from Great Britain, or the iflands aforefaid, (hall be intitled to by virtue of this ad.

XIII.	And whereas applications have heretofore been made to parliament for the bounty on fhips or VeJJels e?nployed in the faid fijloery that have happened to be loji at fea before their return to Great Britain, and a doubt hath arifen, whether the faid bounty may be lawfully infurcd by the owner or owners of fuch Jhips \ for obviating fuch doubt, and for preventing any future applications to parliament for the bounty on any fuch (hips, be it declared and cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the owner or owners of any (hip employed, or defigft-

cafe^fThe ^ ec*to emP'°yec* the kid fishery, to infure the bounty which lofs of the fuch owner or owners would be entitled to upon the return of ihip.	fuch (hip to the port to which the matter, and one or more of

the owners of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall have declared, on oath, their intention to return; and on the performance of all other matters direded and appointed by this prefent ad to be performed for obtaining the faid bounty.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall artd may be lawful for any perfon qr^perfons^ for and during the*Yime limited by	Mipar tririto Great

Britain whafe fins^pl, Or blubber 0?" whales, feal oil, or feal (kins, or any otliararoduce of feals, or other fifh or creatures taken or caught wthe faid Greenland feas, or Davis's Streights, or in the feas adjacent, by Briiijh fubjeds, ufually refiding in Great Britain or Ireland, or the iflands aforefard, in Britifh-built (hips or veflels, owned and navigated as before required, in regard to the bounties granted by this ad, without paying any cuftom, fubfidy, or other duty, for*the fame; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to give liberty of im-

made that the porting any of the before-mentioned articles duty-free, unlefs caugh^by the mafter and mate °f the (hip or veflel importing the fame crews of fuch (hall firft make oath before the principal officers of the cuftoms, (hips.	or any two of them, (of which the colledor (hall be one), in

the port or ports of importation, (who are hereby refpedively authorifed and required to adminifler fuch oath), that all the whale fins, oil, or blubber of whales, feal oil, feal (kins, or other produce of feals, or other fi(h or creatures imported in fuch (hip or veflel, are really and bona fide the fins, oil, or blubber of whales, or the (kins* ofl, or other produce of feals, or other ii(h

or

Whale fins, fee. may be imported in Britifh (hips duty free;

but not unlefs oath is

Hosted by

Google

178 6.] Anno vicefimo feXfco Georgii III. C. 4 U

or creatures caught and taken in the faid Greenland feas or Davis's Streigbts, or in the feas adjacent, by the crews of fuch (hips or veflels only, owned, fitted out, and navigated as afore-faid.

XVI.	And it is hereby further enabled 'by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall give or grant any falfe certificate for any of the purpofes required or directed by this adt, fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds; and if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit, erafe, alter, or falfify any certificate required or directed by this adt, or fhall knowingly or willingly make ufe of any falfe certificate, or of any certificate fo counterfeited, erafed, altered, or falfified, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, and every fuch certificate (hall be invalid and of no effedh r

XVII.	And whereas the Greenland fijhery trade cannot he carried on without a certain number of men particularly qualified to carry on the Jaid fijhery; be it therefore enadted by the authority afore-faid, That no harpooner, line manager, or boat fteerer, who fhall be in, or belong to, any fhip or veflel in the Greenland fifh-ery trade, and whofe name (diftinguifhing the capacity in which the perfon fo named is to a<5t} fhall be inferted in a lift, .which is hereby required to be delivered, on oath, by the owner of fuch fhip or veflel to the colledtor of the cuftoms at the port from which fuch (hip or veflel is intended to proceed upon the faid fiftiery, (which oath fuch collector is hereby impowered and required to adminifter), (hall be imprefled from the faid fervice; and that any fuch harpooner, line manager, or boat fteerer, may, during the time of the year that he or they are not employed in the faid fiftiery, fail in the colliery trade, upon giving fecurity, to the fatisfadtion of the commifiioners of the cuftoms, that he pr they will proceed in the faid (hip or veflel to the Greenland feas, or Davis9s-Streights, on the whale fiftiefry, the next feafon; and that every feaman or common mariner who, after the firft day of February, in any year during the continuance of this adt, fhall be entered to ferve on board any (hip which (hall be intended to proceed on the faid fiftiery in the following feafon, whofe name (hall be inferted in a lift to be delivered as aforefaid, and who (hall have given fecurity to the fatisfadtion of the cpmmif-fioners of the cuftoms to proceed, and (hall proceed accordingly, fhall be privileged and exempt from being imprefled from or out of the faid fervice from the faid firft day of February, till after the expiration of the then next feafon for the faid fi(hery, and until the voyage home from thence (hall be fully complete and ended, and no longer; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary not-with (landing.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the Greenland feas, and Davis's Streigbts, and feas adjacent, within the intent and meaning of this adt, (hall be deemed and taken to extend to the latitude of fifty <-nine degrees thirty minutes north, and no farther,

XIX. And

5<>7

Perfons granting or ufing falfe certificates forfeit 5001.

No harpooner, &c. (hall be imprefled;

but may, when unemployed therein, fail in the colliery trade, on giving fecurity to return the next feafon.

Common fea-men protetted till the end of the feafon after entry.

Extent of the fiftiery.

Hosted by

Google

$o8

Commiflio’n-ers of the cuftoms to lay before parliament, annually, the a-mount of the number of ftips, etc. employed.

How penalties are to be appropriated.

General ifiue.

Treble cofts.

Preamble.

t - •'

Anno vicefinw fcxto GEQRGii lit e. 42.	[ 17 86.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the comraiffioners of his Majefty's cuftoms tor England and Scotland refpe&ively fliall, at the beginning of every feflion of parliament, lay before both houfbs of parliament an account in writing under their hands, of what number of fhips or veffels have been employed in the whale fifhery to Davids Streight$9 and the Greenland feas, with their refpedlive names and burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what port in Great Britain they were difeharged; and alfo what quantity of oil or blubber, or whale fins, each (hip or veffel (hall have im* ported.

XX.	And it is hereby further enadled by the authority afofe-faid, That one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures inflidted by this adt (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms as (hall fue or prqfecute for the fame in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Weftminjler9 or in the court of exche* quer in Scotland, refpedlively, where the offence (hall be com* mitted.

XXI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That if any adlion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any per-fon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this adl, the defendant or defendants in fuch adlion or fuit, may plead the general iffue, and give this adl, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of, and by authority of this aft: and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeon-* tinue his adlion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as defendants have in other cafes by law*

CAP. XLII;

An aid for granting to his Majejly an additional duty upon battens and deals imported into Great Britain.

Moft gracious Soveriegn,

WE your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, having taken into our moft ferious confideration your Majefty’s moft gracious fpeech to both houfes of parliament, recommending the eftablilhment of a fixed plan for the redudtion of the national debt; and your faithful commons being defirous of obtaining that defirable objedt by the moft eafy and effedlual means, have, towards that purpofe, refolved to give and grant to your Ma-jefty the feveral duties and impofitions herein-after mentioned ; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadled ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by

Hosted by Google

ij86.] Anno vicefimo Je^tto GeoRCII III. C.42;	£09

and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this preferit parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the twelfth New duties day of June, one thoufand feven'hundred and eighty-fix, there onbattensand (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, to and for the ufe of s imPor -his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for and upon the goods herein-after mentioned, over and above all cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties already impofed and payable thereon, the feveral and refpedtive additional duties following; that is to fay, For every one hundred and twenty battens, imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, the fum of five (hillings; and after that rate for any greater or Ief$ number of battens: and for . every one hundred arid twenty deals, imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, the fum of twenty (hillings; and after that rate for any greater or lefs number of deals.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That which (hall the feveral duties herein-before granted (hall be under the ma- management nagement and diredion of the commiiTioners of his Majefty’scuf- 0f thecom-toms in England and Scotland refpeCtively, and (hall be paid down mhTioners o£ in ready money, without any difcount or abatement whatever, cuftome* and (hall be drawn back, upon the due exportation of fuch

goods refpe&ively to foreign parts; and the faid duties (hall be raifed, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, and the drawbacks allowed in the fame manner and form, and under the like re-ftriCtions, penalties and forfeitures, and by fuch rules, ways and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for fuch goods are	^

refpe&ively raifed, levied, collected, recovered, and paid and allowed, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral clau-fes, powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures, in any aCt or aCtsof parliament now in force relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enaCted in the body of this prefent a£t.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That Application of all the monies to arife by the duties and impofitions granted by the duties, this aCt (the neceflary charges of raifing and accounting for the

fame excepted), (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at JVeJlminJler, diftinCt and a-part from all branches of the publick revenue, and (hall be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, and (hall be applicable to the fame ufes and purpofes as the faid finking fund is now applicable unto.

IV.	And whereas jlanding contra ft* may have been made before the firjl day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix, by the importers or proprietors cf battens and deals for ferving perfons with fuch battens and deals, or either of thofe articles refpeflively, to be delivered in point of time after the faid twelfth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix \ be it therefore enacted by

the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid twelfth Cfauferelative day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, the im-porters or proprietors of fuch battens and deals, or either of May^fonde-thofe articles refpeCtively, which (hall be delivered after the faid livering bat-twelfth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, tens, etc after

Vol. XXXV.	Mm	in	June 1**17 M.

zia

r t

Rrovifo.

Preamble*

3a Gea. a. a*.

Anno yicefimo fexto Georgii III. C.43, 44* [ 17 8

in purfiiance of fuch contrafts, fhall be allowed to add the duties hereby charged upon fuch battens and deals, or either of thofe articles refpeftively*, and (hall be intitled by virtue of this aft to be paid the fame accordingly.

V.	Provided neverthelefs. That the parties who have contracted to receive the faid goods fhall have the liberty to annul and ,■cancel the bargains they have entered into, in cafe they chufe fo to do, rather than pay tile faid addition of duties.

C A P. XLIII.

An aft to continue and render mote effeftual an aft, paired in the twen-ty-firft year of his Majefty’s reign, for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax, in that part of Great Britain called England.

Recital of aft 7 Geo. 3. e. 58. and aft 10 Geo. 3. c. 40. and aft at Geo. 3. c. 58. and aft zi Geo. 3. c. 8a. fo much of recited afts 11 and ai Geo. 3. repealed, as relates to putting the management or diftribu-tion of 8000I. or eight fifteenth parts of money, for the encouragement of railing and drefling hemp aud flax, under commiflioners of trade and plantations, or committee of privy council, repealed. Grants for the encouragement of growth, etc. of hemp and flax put under management of the treafury. Bounties continued for 7 years. Claims for bounties to be exhibited toajuftice, to belaid before the quarter fef-fion. Claimants muft give bond that the bounties have been duly-claimed. At every quarter feflions the bounties granted muft be published, and the conditions required, on making fuch claims. And at Midfummer feflions, annually, the names, etc. of claimants publilhed. Treafury are to order receivers of the land tax to iflue money to the Tuflices to pay the bounties. Account of hemp fold to be delivered therewith, and receipt given to the feller by the buyer. All unfettled claims fhall be finally fettled at the firft quarter feflions after pafiing thia aft. Annual account of hemp railed, and bounties paid, fhall be laid before parliament. A reafonable allowance fhall be made to the clerks of the peace for their trouble. Recited afts of 7. 10. and zt Geo. 3. continued. Continuance of this aft, for 7 years, from March 15, 1787, and to the end of the next feflion.

C A P. XLIV.

An aft for the further relief of debtors, with refpeft to the imprifon-went of their perfons ; and to oblige debtors, who fhall continue in execution in prifon beyond a certain time, and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the aft, to make dtfcovery of, and del/-ver upon oath, their ejlates for their creditors benefit.

WHEREAS it may be reafonable to extend the benefits of an aft, pojfed in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefly c. King George the Second, of glorious memory, intituled, An aft for relief of debtorsvwith refpeft to theimprifonmentof their perfons; and to oblige debtors, who (hall continue in execution in prifon beyond a certain time, and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the aft, to make difcovery of, and deliver upon oath, their eftates for their creditors benefit, to fever al perfons who have ' neglefted to take the benefit of the fame, and alfo to fevera! perfons who Were not entitled to any benefit under the faid aft: be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and

commons.

Hosted by Google

I7&6.J Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. C.44I	511

commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the pafling of this The relief aft, every perfon now or hereafter in execution for any fum or ^tors fums of money, not exceeding two hundred pounds, (hall be exceedin'^ entitled to fuch relief as by an aft paffed in the thirty-fecond iool.by 3a year of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An Geo. a. c. 18. aft for relief of debtors, with refpeft to the imprifonment of lb eir per- aUnot^xceed* fons; and to oblige debtors, who /hall continue in execution in prifon jng a00j# beyond a certain time, and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the aft, to make difeovery of and deliver upon oath, their eflates for their creditors benefit, is granted to perfons charged in execution for any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred pounds.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That every creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or Creditors for aidminiftrators, at whofe fuit any debtor fhall be charged in exe- iers than *ool. cution for any fum or fums not exceeding the fum of two hun- ^tor tode* dred pounds, (hall have fuch remedy, by compelling fuch liver up cf-debtor to deliver up his or her eftate and effefts for the benefit fefts, etc. of his or her creditors, as is provided by the before recited aft, in cafes where the fum for which fuch debtor fhajl be in execution does not exceed the fum of one hundred pounds.

III.	And whereas many perfons are often committed on attach-ments, for not paying money aiuarded to be paid under fubmi/jions to arbitation by rules of court, or under fubmijjions to arbitration bonds, and which fubmiffions have been made rules of the courts in purfuance of an aft pajfed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of Will;am

the Thirds for determining differences by arbitration, and like- ^&ioGul. 3* wife for not paying of co/ls duly and regularly taxed and allowed by c* the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpofe; and alfo upon any writ of excommunicato capiendo, or other procefs for, or grounded on the nonpayment of co/ls or expences in any caufe or proceeding in any etclefiafticalcourt; it . is hereby declared and enafted, That all fuch perfons are and fhall be intitled to the benefit of this aft, and fubjeft to the fame terms and conditions as are herein expreffed and declared with refpeft to prifoners for debt only.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That all gaolers and keepers Gao’ers to

of prifons are hereby direfted and required to give notice of gjve notice of this aft to all perfons in their cuftody for debt, within three	alA

days after fuch perfons (hall have been refpeftively committed their cuftody, or charged in execution, fo as to make the fame clearly and etc. perfeftly underftood; and if any gaoler or keeper of a prifon

(hall negleft to give fuch notice according to the true intent and

meaning of this aft, he (hall forfeit and pay, to any perfon who on penalty of

(hall fue for the fame, the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered

by him or her by aftion of debt in any of his Majefty’s courts of

record at Wejlmin/ler, wherein no effoin, proteftion, wager of

law, privilege, or imparlance, (hall be admitted or allowed ; and

in every fuch aftion the. proof (hall lie on the perfon again.fi:

, whom the fame (hall be brought: provided neverthelefs, that

Mm2	fuch

Hosted by Google

s\1

Time allowed debtors for taking the benefit of the recited adt extended.

Creditors may file interrogatories, etc.

Not to extend to debts (jue to the crown, etc.;

nor to Scotland.'

Continuance of this adt.

I

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 45.	[1786.

fuch adtion (hall be brought within fix calendar months after the caufe of adtion accrued-

V.	And be it further enadted, That where any debtor as aforefaid (hall have negledted to take the benefit of the faid adt, within the time limited by the faid adt, and (hall have remained in prifon by the fpace of one year, and fhali make it appear to the fcourt.out of which fuch execution iffued, that fuch neglect arofe from ignorance or miftake, fuch debtor (hall then be entitled to take the benefit of the faid adt, as if he or (he had taken the fame within the time by the faid adt fo limited as aforefaid.

VI.	Provided always. That it (hall be lawful for any creditor or creditors, at whofe fuit any debtor (hall be fo in execution as aforefaid, to file interrogatoriesforthe examination of fuch prifon-er, before his or her being admitted to take the benefit of this or the before recited adt.

VII.	Provided always, That this adt (hall not extend to any debt or debts that may be owing to the crown, nor fhali it affedt any proceeding which at any time may be lawfully had under or by virtue of any commifiion of bankrupt.

VIII.	Provided alfo. That this adt, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

IX.	Provided alfo, That this adt (hall continue and be in force for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next felfion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XLV.

An aft to continue and amend an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his pre/ent Majefy, for the encouragement of the pilchard fifhery, by allowing a farther bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

Preamble.	\KF H E R E A S by an aft of parliament, made in the twenty-

* 5 Geo. 3, c.	* V fifth year of the reign of his pre/ent Majefy, intituled, An adl for

58.	the encouragement of the pilchard fifhery, by allowing a farther

bounty upon pilchards, taken, cured, and exported; it is enabled, That for every cajk or veffiel of pilchards, containing fifty gallons, and fo in proportion for a greater or leffer quantity thereof which floould he exported from any port or place in Great Britain into parts beyond, the feas, between the twenty-fifth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and the iwenty-fifth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, upon which the perfon or per-fons exporting the fame fhould be inti tied to a certain bounty of feven Jh tilings, by virtue of or under the two feveral afts therein mentioned, the one made in the fifth year of the reign of the late King George A6t 5 Geo. i. the Ftrjl, intituled, An adt for recovering the credit of the Britijh Ci x8.	fifhery in foreign parts; and better fecuring the duties upon

fait; and the other, made in the third year of his late majefy King Adt 3 Geo. a. George the Second, intituled, An adt for taking off certain duties c. ao. * on fait, and for making good any deficiencies in the funds that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced annuity,

payable

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 45.

payable to the Eatft India company, on the aggregate fund; and for relief of Matthew Lyon, executor of Matthew Page deceafed, in refpedl of the duty for fait loft by the overflowing of the river Merfey in the year one thoufand feven hundred and twen-'ty-four; an additional bounty of two Jhillings Jhould be paid and payable to fuch perfon and perfons, fo intitled to the faid bounty of feven Jhillings, at Juch times, in Juch mariner, by fuch perfon and perfons, and out of Juch monies, as the J aid bounty offeven Jhillings was by the faid two feveral a$s9 or either of them, directed to be paid: and whereas the faid fijhery is of great importance to the nation, by promoting ufeful induflry, providing for great numbers of poor people , and ferving as a nurfery for able feamen; and inafmuch as the fame cannot he carried on without a continuance of the J aid additional bounty of two Jhillings: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaefted; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid recited ad of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and every power, provision, claufe, matter, and thing therein contained (except as herein-after is mentioned), fhall, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, be, and the fame are hereby continued for and during the term of five years, and (hall, during fuch term, be in full force, and be put in execution, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enaCted in the body of this prefent ad.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That in cafe the quantity of pilchards, which fhall be exported from any port or place, ports or places, in Great Britain, to parts beyond the ieas, upon which the faid bounty of feven (hillings (hall become payable, do or fhall, in any one year of the faid term of five years, herein-before granted or limited for the continuance of the faid recited ad of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, exceed the quantity of twenty thoufand hogf-heads, the faid additional bounty of two (hillings fhall not be payable or paid for or in refped of any pilchards fo exported as aforefaid, beyond or exceeding the faid quantity of twenty thou-fand hogfheads; any thing in the faid recited ad of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or in this prefent ad, or in any other ad or ads, contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That if a greater quantity than twenty thoufand hogfheads of pilchards (hall be taken, cured, and exported, in each or any one year of the faid term of five years, then, in each and every fuch year, the faid additional bounty of two (hillings upon the quantity of twenty thoufand hogfheads (hall become payable, and fhall be paid to each and every perfon and perfons refpedively intitled to the faid additional bounty, in proportion to the whole quantity of pilchards fo taken, pured, and exported.

M m 3	IV.	And

5* 3

A61 25 Geo. 3. continued for five years from June 34* 1786.

Additional bounty of as. for every 50 gallons of pilchards exported, not to be paid for a larger quantity than 20,000 hogfheads in one year.

But the faid bounty on 20,000 hogfheads, where a larger quantity has been exported, (hall be divided proportionally among the vefieb.

5»4

Bxpcnces of this aft to be borne by the perfons entitled to the bounty*

Publick aft*

Preamble*

Fund in the hands of the lords of fef-lion to be paid to the receiver general in Scotland on April 5, 1787, to be remitted to the exchequer in England.

Out of the revenues appointed by acts 7 and io Annae,for fup-porting the court of fef-fsons, etc.

]Anno viccfimo fexto Gjeorgii III. c. 46.	[1786.

IV.	it	further	enafted,	That	the	cofts and charges

incident to, and attending the obtaining and jpafling of this aft, (hall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the feveral perfons to whom the faid additional bounty of two lhillings (hall be payable and paid, rateably and in proportion according to the fum of futns of money fo by them refpeftively received, but not exceeding two (hillings on each cafk or veflel of pilchards containing fifty gallons; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary not-withftanding.

V.	And be it farther enafted, That this aft (hall be deemed a publick aft ; and (hall be taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and all other perfons whatfoever, without fpecial pleading the fame.

CAP. XLVI.

An aft for augmenting and fixing the falaries of the lords of fejfion, lords commijfioners of jufticiary, and barons of exchequer, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS the fiated falaries of the lords of fejfion, lords commijfioners of jufticiary, and barons of exchequer, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, are inadequate to the. dignity and importance of their offices: and whereas certain additional allowances have been made to fome of the judges of thefe courts by warrants under his Majefty* s privy feal in Scotland, which allow-antes ought to be permanent; and whereas the lords of jejfion are P°JFeJfed of a fund called The Stock of the Court, by grants before the union of the kingdoms of England and Scotland, amounting to twenty-two thoufand feven hundred pounds Jlerling, of capital money, the yearly interejl of which they have been in uje to divide among them, but which fum ought now to be refiored to the publick: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, That the faid fum of twenty-two thoufand feven hundred pounds together with the fum of one thoufand one hundred and thirty-five pounds fterling, being one year’s intereft on the faid capital, (hall, on the fifth day of April, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, be paid in to the receiver general of his Majefty’s land rents in Scotland, in order to be by him remitted to the exchequer in England, for the ufe of the publick, and the faid receiver general for the time being is hereby authorifed and required to take all legal fteps, if ne-ceflary, for recovering the fame.

II.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That'in time coming there (hall be iftued, paid, and applied, in every year, out of the monies that (hall arife from any the duties and revenues in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which by afts made in the feventh and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the payment of

the

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fcxto Georgii III. c. 47.	'	5^5

the fees, falaries, and other charges, allowed or to be allowed there (hall be by her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for keeping up the courts of feflion, judiciary, and exchequer, in Scotland, the feveral juries herein * falaries following, to the judges after mentioned ; (that is to fay), fpecified. The fum of two thoufand pounds fterling to the lord prefident^ of the court of feflion for the time being; the fum of one thoufand pounds fterling to each of the other lords of feflion for the time being; the fum of two thoufand pounds fterling to the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer in Scotland for the time being ; the fum of one thoufand pounds fterling to each of the other barons of the faid court of exchequer for the time being ; the fum of fix hundred pounds fterling to the lord juftice clerk for the time being; and the fum of three hundred pounds fterling to each of the other lords commiflioners of judiciary for the time being.

III.	And be it ena&ed. That the firft quarter’s payment of The firft pay-' the faid refpe&ive fums (hall be made on the fifth day of July, n^ntto be^ou

in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and Juy*»17 thereafter the fame (hall continue to be paid quarterly in every year, in fuch manner as the fees, falaries, and other charges of keeping up the faid courts in Scotland, have accuftomarily been paid fince the union of the two kingdoms ; and the fums hereby granted (hall be in place of the different falaries and allowances, which the judges of the faid courts do at prefent, or have been in ufe to enjoy, whether by dated falary, additions by privy feal, or intereft of the aforefaid money, excepting always any additional yearly fum, which is or may be granted by his Majefty, by warrant under the privy feal in Scotland, to one of the puifne barons of the faid court of exchequer, when appointed to that office from the bar of England; and excepting alfo the fums iflfued in every year for defraying the expences of the judiciary judges at their circuits.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Publick act. That this adl (hall and may be deemed and taken to be a pub-

lick a&.

CAP. XLVII.

An aid for difeharging the payment of fentence money, and other fees of court, to the judge of the court of admiralty in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the payment of fentence money to the judges of the commiffary court in Edinburgh; for granting falaries to the judges of the faid courts in lieu thereof; and for regulating the nomination of the faid judges.

WH E R E A S the judge of the court of admiraltywhich was Preamble. flipulated by the articles of union to be continued in that part Great Britain called Scotland, has never had any ft ate d falary or allowance from the publick, but has been in the ufe of receiving fen-fence money, and other cafual fees, upon proceedings in the faid courts which practice ought to be abolijhed: and whereas the judges of the commiffary court in Edinburgh have likewife been in the ufe of^ re-

M m 4	ceiving

Hosted by Google



From July 5, 1786,the judge of the admiralty in Scotland (hall receive 400I. annually, in lieu of all per-quilites:

and the

judges of the commiflary court iool. annually each 4n lieu of fen-tence money

But other ufual perqul files may be received.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. 0. 47*	[1786.

tewingfentence money, and are other wife infufficiently provided: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day of July, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, it fhall not be lawful for the prefent judge of the faid court of admiralty, or his fucceflors in that office, dire&ly or indirectly, to afk or take from any fuitor sor fuitors in the faid court, or any other perfon or perfons, any fee or perquifite, for a&ing or doing bufinefs as a judge of the faid court of admiralty, in name of fentence money, poundage, droits of admiralty, or upon any pretence whatever; and in lieu of all fees and perquifites heretofore in ufe to be paid to or exadted by or for the judge of the faid court, the prefent judge, and his fucceflors in office, (ball be intitled to and receive a yearly falary, amounting to the fum’ of four hundred pounds fterling, payable in the fame form, and upon the fame eftablifhment, as the faiaries of the judges of the courts of feffion, judiciary, and exchequer are paid in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; the firft quarter’s payment of the faid falary to be made on the fifth day of July, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix.

II.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the fifth day of July, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix it lhall not be lawful for the judges of

9 the commiflary court in Edinburgh, or their fucceflors in office,

• direcftly or indire&ly, to afk or take, from any fuitor or fuitors : in the faid court, or from any other perfon or perfons, any fee or perquifite for acfting or doing bufinefs as judges of the faid commiflary court, in name of fentence money, upon the decrees pronounced by them ; and in lieu of fuch fentence money heretofore in ule, as well as for the better provifion of the faid com-miflaries, they and their fucceflors in office (hall be intitled to and receive the fum of one hundred pounds fterling per annum each of fahry, payable in the fame form, and upon the fame eftablifhment, as the faiaries of the judges of the courts of feffion, judiciary, and exchequer, are paid in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; the firft quarter’s payment of the faid falary to be made on the fifth day of July, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the allowances to the faid commiflTa-ries out of the bifhops rents fhall continue as before; and that nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued either to enlarge or diminifh their cuftomary dues on the confirmation of tefta-ments, or other articles, except that of fentence money, as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed and declared, That nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued either to enlarge or diminifh the cuftomary and lawful dues or perquifites of the clerks and

fifcals

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c, 48.	.	517

, fifcals of any of the faid courts, but that the faid clerks and fif-cals (hall ftill continue to receive what they are by law or cuf-tom entitled to in name of fentence money, or other wife: and, for the better ascertaining the extent thereof, in thofe cafes where the judges and the clerks and fifcals have heretofore been in ufe to receive joint fees or perquifites, and where the judges are not in future to receive them, the faid judge and judges of the two courts aforefaid refpedively are hereby empowered and required, on or before the firft day of November, in the year one Regulations thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, to eftabliih regulations g^for^pay-for the payment of the clerks and fifcals dues in their feveral ment the courts, according to the juft amount of the proportions or fums clerks and fif-which the faid clerks and fifcals have been in ufe to receivd in ca^ their ac-time paft in the cafes aforefaid, and which regulations (hall be^uftomeci entered in their books of federunt; and it (hall be lawful and"aue8‘ competent to any party concerned to complain to the court of feftion againft fuch determination, at any time within fix months thereafter; whofe judgement given upon the fame, or that of the faid judges not complained of, (hall continue to be the rule for levying the faid dues in time coming.

V.	And be it enadled, That in time coming, no perfon (hall Noperfonto be appointed to the office of judge of the faid court of admi- be appointed ralty, or to the office of any of the faid commiflaries, unlefs he miffalrywho** has, during three years immediately preceding his appointment, has not prac-attended the court of feffion regularly and bona fide as a pracfti- tifed. in the tioner in the time of feffion; and if any appointment (hall hap-pen to be made contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, ye^rs, ^ the fame (hall be null and void.

CAP. XLVIII,

An aft for granting to his Majefly certain duties on fiamped vellum, parchment, and paper, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the revenue the fums granted out of the fame, in this feffion of parliament^ towards the augmentation of the falaries of ike judges of the courts of feffion, jufliciary, exchequer, and admiralty court in Scotland, and commijfary court ofEdin-burgh.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjects, the Preamble* commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, being defirous to replace to your Majefty’s revenue, arifing in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by the moft eafy means, the fums granted out of the fame in this prefent feffion of parliament, towards the augmentation of the falaries of the judges of the courts of feffion, judiciary, exchequer, and admiralty court in Scotland, and commiffary court of Edinburgh, do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted ; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

and

Hosted by Google

From July 5, 1786, the following ftamp-duties (hall be paid on vellum, &c.

For every ikin of depofitions before the court of feffion, or affidavit in the exchequer,!#.

For every extract from any publick regif-ter, is. per lkin.

Not to extend to matters where the publick inte-reft is concerned, nor to civil caufes under the value of 5I. &c.

Duties to be under the management of the com-miffioners for fiamps.

Anno vieefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 48. [1786.

and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day of fuly,one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, there (hall be raifed, levied, colledled, and paid, throughout that part of Great Britain called Scotland, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his hefts and fucceflors, the feveral and refpedtive rates and duties following \ that is to fay.

That for and upon every (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which (hall be engroffed,* printed, or written, any depofition or depofitions of a witnefs or witneflfes taken in any caufe or fuit before the court of feffion, or commiffioil of teinds, or court of admiralty in Scotland, or commiffary court of Edinburgh, or in any civil caufe before any inferior court in Scotland, or whereupon any affidavit, or written depofition produced in the court of exchequer in Scotland, (hail be engrofled, printed, or written, there (hall be charged a (lamp-duty of one (hilling (lerling:

That for and upon every (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which (hall be engroffed, written, or printed, any extra# or attefted copy of or from any deed, inftrument, or writing, (except protefts upon bills or pro-miffory notes under forty (hillings (lerling,) given out from any publick regifter, or from the books or record of any court in Scotland, there (hall be charged a (lamp-duty of one (hilling (lerling.

II.	Provided always, and be it hereby further enabled, That nothing in this a# contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge with the faid rates and duties any depofition or depofitions taken in any caufe or fuit, before any of the faid courts in Scotland* which is infilled in at the inftance of the publick profecutor, for the publick intereft, or where the publick revenue is concerned •> or any depofition or depofitions taken in any civil caufe, before any inferior court aforefaid, where the fum or fubjedt concluded for is under the value of five pounds (lerling, exclufive of cods 5 or any fuch depofition or depofitions, taken in any of the courts aforefaid, by or at the inftance of any perfon or perfons on the poor’s roll of fuch court, and who is, are, or (hall be admitted to fue or defend in forma pauperise or any extracts of the decrees of courts, other than fuch formal decrees of regiftration as are ufually annexed to the extracts of writings.

III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the faid duties herein-before granted, the fame (hall be under the government, care, and management of the commiffioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, of the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to epiploy fuch officers under them for that purpofe,

and

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fextoGEoRGH III. C.48.	519

and to allow fuch falaries and incidental charges as may be ne-ceflary, and to provide and ufe fuch (lamps to denote the faid feveral duties as (hall be requifite in that behalf, and to do all other things neceffary to be done for putting this a<5t in execution, with relation to the faid rates and duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper*

IV.	And be it further ena£led by the authority aforefaid.

That all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duties by Vellum,etc, this adl impofed, (hall, before the fame (hall be engrofled, print- ^^fore^wHttea ed, or written upon, be brought to the head office for (lamping ^orewn or marking vellum, parchment, or paper 5 and the faid com-miffioners, by themfelves or by their officers employed under them, (hall forthwith, upon demand to them made by any perfon or perfons, from time to time, (lamp or mark, as by this a6t is directed, any quantities, or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, as (hall be brought to them for that purpofe, the perfon fo bringing the fame paying to the receiver general of the (lamp duties for the time b*eing, or his deputy or clerk, the feveral duties payable for the fame by virtue of this adl; and in default of fufficient quantities of vellum, parchment, and paper being brought to the head office to be (lamped as aforefaid, the Commiffion-faid commiffioners are hereby required to take efpecial care that the feveral parts of that part of Great Britain called Scotland jum^&c^tobe (hall, from time to time, be fufficiently furnilhed with vellum, ready for fuch parchment, and paper, (lamped and marked as aforefaid, fo as as may call the fubjedls of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, may have *or it# it in their ele&ion to buy the fame of the officers or perfons to be employed by the faid commiffioners, at the ufual or moft common rates above the faid duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, or paper, to be (lamped at the head office of (lamps as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further ens&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That the fame allowance (hall be made on prefent payment of Ufual allour-the feveral duties granted by this a£t, in fuch manner as by any anc-f to be former law relating to lxamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is	v

directed and allowed.	£e„T

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon or perfons (hall engrofs, print, or write, or Perfons ufing caufe to be engrofled, printed, or written, upon any vellum, uuftamped parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the JeamuJJ*0f tocT (aid vellum, parchment, or paper, ought to have a mark or jow a value, (lamp as aforefaid, before fuch time as the faid vellum, parch- forfeit iol. ment, or paper, (hall be marked or (lamped as aforefaid, or (hall engrofs, print, or write, or caufe to be engrofled, printed, or written, any fuch matter or thing, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that (hall be marked or (lamped, for any lower duty than the duty by this a6l payable for what (hall be fo engrofled, printed, or written, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall, for

q	every

Hosted by Google

$20

and, if in a publick office, forfeit their employment.

AttornieSj&c. committing fuch fraud9 to be difabled from practicing.

Penalty of aol. on every depofition, etc. fo illegally made out, which is invalid till the duty and penalty be paid.

Anno wcefimo fexto Georgii IIL c. 48. [1786.

every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds fter-ling, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed; and inVafe any extractor, clerk, officer or perfon, who, in refpe#of any publick office or employment, is or (hall be entitled of entruft-ed to make, engrofs, print, or write any depofition, extra#, or other writing by this a# charged to pay a duty as aforefaid, (hal! be guilty of any fraud or practice to deceive his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any duty by this a# payable, by making, engroffing, printing, or writing, any fuch depofition, extra#, or other writing, or caufing the fame to be made, engrofied, printed, or written, upon vellum, parchment, or pfcper, marked of -(lamped with any mark, or ftamp, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or by engroffing, printing, or writing the fame upon vellum, parchment, or paper, that (hall be marked or (lamped for a lower duty as aforefaid, then every fuch extra#or, clerk, officer, or perfon, fo guilty of any fuch fraud or pra#ice, and being thereof lawfully convi#ed, (hall (over and above the penalty aforefaid) forfeit his office, place, or employment re-fpe#ively, and be difabled to hold or enjoy the fame for the future 5 and if any attorney, conveyancer, agent, writer to the fig-net, writer, folicitor, or procurator, belonging to any of the courts aforefaid, (hall be guilty of any fuch fraud or pra#ice as aforefaid, and be convi#ed thereof, he (hall (over and above the penalty aforefaid) be difabled for the future to pra#ife as an attorney, conveyancer, agent, writer to the fignet, writer, folicitor, or procurator, refpe#ively; and if any depofition, extra#, or other writing, by this a# charged with the payment of a duty as aforefaid, (hall, contrary to the true intent and meaning thereof, be engrofied, printed, or written, by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or damped according to this a#, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or damped for a lower duty as aforefaid, that then, and in every fuch cafe, there (hall be due, an-fwered, and paid, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, over and above the duty aforefaid, for every fuch depofition, extra#* or other writing, the fum of ten pounds fterling, and no fuch depofition, extra#, or other writing, (hall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court in Great Britain, or admitted in any court in Great Britain to be good, ufeful, or available in law or equity, until as well the faid duty, as the faid fum of ten pounds fterling, (hall be firft paid to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, and a receipt produced for the fame, under the hand or hands of fome of the officers who (hall be appointed to receive the duties above mentioned, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which fuch depofition, extra#, or other writing, (hall be engrofied, printed, or written, (hall be marked or (tamped with a lawful mark or (lamp, according to this a# ; and the proper officer and officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the faid duty, and the fum of ten pounds fterling, unto him or them, to give a receipt for

Hosted by Google

521

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 48.

the fame, and to mark or (lamp the faid vellum, parchment, or ' paper, with the proper mark or ftamp accordingly.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That the commiflioners for the faid duties on vellum, parch- Commifiion-menr, or paper, from time to time, (hall and may appoint a fit er? perfomto attend in any court or office, to take notice of the vel- torsof ttepa-lum, parchment, or paper* upon which any the matters or pers ufed in things aforefaid (hall be engroffed, printed, or written, and of courts, and the marks or (lamps thereon, and of all other matters and

things tending to fecure the faid duties; and that the judges in during the *

the feveral courts aforefaid, and fuch others to whom it may duties.

appertain, at the requeft of fuch commiflioners, or of any two

or more of them, (hall make fuch orders in the refpedive courts,

and do fuch other matters and things for the better fecuring of

the faid duties under theircharge, as (hall be lawfully and rea-

fonably defired in that behalf.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid commiflioners, and all other officers who (hall be Commiffion-employed in the colledion or management of the faid feveral rates and duties herein-before granted, (hall, in the execution re&ionsof the of their offices, obferve and perform fuch rules and orders as treafury, and they refpedively (hall from time to time receive from the high not t0 tafce treafurer, or the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or an^ fee8* more of them for the time being, and that no fee or reward (hall be taken or demanded by any fuch commiflioners or officers from any of his Majefty’s fubjeds, for any matter or thing to be done in purfuance of this aft; and in cafe any officer employed in the execution of this ad, in relation to the faid rates and duties, (hall refufe or negled to do or perform any matter Perfons neg-or thing by this ad required or directed to be done or perform- h&ing their ed by him, whereby any of his Adajefty’s fubjeds (hall or may liable to profe-fuftain any damage whatfoever, fuch officer fo offending (hall be cution. liable to any adion, to be founded on this ftatute, to anfwer to the party grieved all fuch damages, with treble cofts of fuit.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit or forge, or pro- Perfons coun. cure to be counterfeited or forged, any feal, ftamp, or mark, terfeiting or direded or allowed to be ufed or provided, made or ufed in forSed purfuance of this ad, for the purpofe of denoting the duties by Gf felony.U1 * this ad granted, or (hall counterfeit or referable, or caufe to be counterfeited or refembled, the impreflion of the fame upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, of any of the faid duties, or (hall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with a counterfeit mark or ftamp thereupon, knowing fuch mark or (lamp to be counterfeited; or if any perfon (hall privately and fraudulently ufe any feal, ftamp, or mark, direded or allowed to be ufed by this ad, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, of any of the faid duties, then every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof convided, (hall be adjudged

Hosted by Google

$ii	Anno	vicefimo	fexto Georgii III. c. 48- [1786.

judged a felon/and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Provifions of X. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That extendtothis* powers, provifions, articles, claufes and all other matters and * things prefcribed or appointed by any former a<5fc or a6ls of parliament relating to the ftamp-duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (not hereby altered or repealed), {hall be of full force and effect with relation to the rates and duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and put in execution for railing, levying, colle&ing, and fecuring the faid new rates and duties hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this a6t, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feverally and refpedtively been hereby enacted with relation to the faid new rates and duties hereby impofed.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

Duties to be That the duties herein-before granted (hall be paid from time ceWei^sceue-6* t0 tltne *nt0 bands *be rcceiver general for the time be-ral, and by mg °f the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, him into the who (hall keep a feparate and diftindl account thereof, and pay exchequer, the fame (the neceffary charges of raifing, paying, and accounting rate^ccount* ^or ^ame» being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer, is to be kept, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as the duties now charged and the mo- on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are direded to be ney carried to paid; and in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt there fund	(hall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the

monies arifing from the faid duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceffors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money, fo to be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made a part of the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

XII.	Jnd, to the end the feveral fums granted out of the revenue arifing within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, towards the augmentation of the falaries of the faid judges, may.be duly re«-placed, in cafe the faid duties hereby granted/hall be deficient for that purpofe, by fuch other ivays and means as Jhall he thought expedient by parliament when fuch deficiency Jhall appear; be it further enatft-

From Jan. t, ed by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the firft day 1788, in an- cf January^ jn the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-" eight, the auditor of the faid receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer fore the com- ftiall annually, within twenty days after the firft day of January monsof the in every year, caufe to be made out an account in writing of fums paid for a]| fuch fums Qf m0ney as (hall be paid out of the faid revenue -f“n to the faid judges for the augmentation of their falaries, in pur-laries, and of fuance of any adl or adls of this prefent feffion of parliament, for the produce of the year ending the fifth day of July then preceding; and alfo the dutiei. the produce of the duties hereby granted and paid into the faid receipt, in the fame year, ending as aforefaid; and (hall caufe fuch account to be laid before the commons in parliament, at

their

Hosted, by Google

sn

1786.] Anno vicelimo fexto GeoRgii III. C. 48*

their then fefiion (if then actually fitting), of if the parliament (hall not be then fitting, in fuch cafe, at their firft or next fef-fion, to the end a fufficient further provifion may be made for the replacing to the faid revenue the feveral Aims fo granted as aforefaid in augmentation of the falaries of the faid judges, by fuch ways and means as (hall feem expedient, in cafe any deficiency (hall appear of the duties by this act granted for that purpofe,

XIII.	And whereas by the Jaws now in force concerning the re* gulation of the judicatories in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, certain rates of fees and charges, due and payable to convey an-, cers, and others who life to write for payment, are ejlablijhedr where-byy and by the regulations and practice of the courts aforefaid confe-quent thereupon, each page of writing is underjlood to conjijl of thirtyfix lines, and each line of nine words, which hath been held a fair and reafonable quantity to be engrojfed or written thereon, according to the rates of the fees and charges allowed and payable for the fame: now, in order to prevent his Mujejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, from being defrauded of any of the duties by this aft granted, and in order that all matters and things by this aft charged, may be engrojfed and written in fuch manner as they have been ufually accuJlomedyand by law ought to be engrojfed and written; be it therefore further ena#ed by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July9 Notmorethan in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, no Ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, orfheetor piece of paper, whereon	be

any matter or thing for which a duty or duties is or are pay- infertedlnone able by this a#, is engroffed, written, or printed, within that ikin on penal-part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be divided into, or l0** {hall include more than four pages, whereof each page (hall and may contain thirty-fix lines, and each line nine words, and no more; and every fuch matter and thing (hall be engrofied and written conformable to the (aid regulations, and according to the courfe and practice of the refpedive courts aforefaid; and that if any attorney, conveyancer, agent, writer to the lignet, writer, extractor, folicitor, procurator, clerk, or other perfon ufed to write for payment, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall engrofs, print, or write, or caufe to be engrofied, printed, or written, upon any fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, chargeable with any ftamp-duty by this a#, any more or greater number of words than according to the rate and quantity above-mentioned, or in any other manner, fo as to infert in anyone fuch fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, above one thoufand two hundred and thirty-fix words, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the Aim of ten pounds fterling, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed, and (hall be, and is hereby made incapable to maintain or profecute any action or fuit in any court of law or equity, for the recovery of any fe;e, reward, or dif-burfement, on account of the engrofiing, writing or making any Arch depofition, extra#, or other writing aforefaid.

XIV. And

Hosted by Google

propriated.

Mode of recovery of penalties.

No perfon to

524	Anno	tficefimo	fexto Georgii III. c. 48. [1786.

Howpenalties XIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, are to be ap- That all pecuniary penalties hereby impofed (hall be divided and diftributed (if fyed for within the fpace of fix calendar months from the time of fuch penalty being incurred), in manner following; that is to fay. One moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the manner herein-after mentioned, and the other moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame.

3^V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch pecuniary penalties (hall and may be fued and recovered, with full cods of fuit, in his Majefty’s court of feflion, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin,* protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-be entitled to thority aforefaid. That fuch divifion or diftribution of the pe-

whoPdoes" na^es aforefaid, fhall be, and is hereby confined and reftricted not profecute t0 profecuting for the fame, within the time herein-before in due time, for that purpofe limited, and that in default of fuch profecution within the time aforefaid, no informer or informers (hall have, or be intitled to, any part or (hare of fuch penalties, but that the whole thereof (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, and (hall be recoverable in manner aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the Paid fifth day of July, in ,the year one

excheaueron ^oufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, all fuch penalties or Auguft r, an- forfeitures, and (hares of penalties or forfeitures, as (hall be due nually, and to or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, by virtue of be applied like this a61, (ha'll, from time to time, be paid into the hands of the receiver general (or fome perfon to be authorifed by the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them for the time being) who (hall keep a feparate and di Hindi account thereof, and pay the fame (the neceffary charges of paying and accounting for the fame being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, on the firft day of Auguft in every year, unlefs the fame (hall be a Sunday or holiday, and then on the firft day following which’ (hall not be a holiday; and in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt there (hail be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid penalties or forfeitures, or (hares of penalties or forfeitures, paid into the faid exchequer, (hall be entered in fuch manner as other penalties or forfeitures, and (hares of penalties or forfeitures, for offences touching any the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment and paper, are or (hall, or may be directed by any a6t or a6ts of parliament of this prefent feflion to be entered; arid the faid monies fo to be paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be iffued and applied to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors,. in fuch manner, and to fuch purpofes, as other penalties or forfeitures, due or payable to his Majefty, have

heretofore

His Majefty’s lhare to be paid into the

other penal ties.

Hosted by

Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeorGii til. G.48.

525-

heretofore been ufed to be, or ought to have been paid or applied, and to no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever.

XVIII.	Provided always* and it is hereby further enadted by the authority afbrefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to Juftices to de< and for any juftice of the peace refiding near the,place where the runiarv mat-" offence fhall be committed, to hear and determine any offence ters 0t penal-againft this adt, which fubjedts the offender to any pecuniary ties, penalty, which faid juftice of the peace is hereby authorifed and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, at any time within fix calendar months after fuch offence committed againft this ad, to fummon the party accufed, and alfo the witneffes on either fide, and (hall examine into thef matter of fad, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confeffion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, (which oath he is hereby impow-ered to adminifter), to give judgement or fentence for the pe-* rial ty or forfeiture, according as in and by this ad is direded, (all which penalties and forfeitures fo adjudged fhall be divided and diftributed, one moiety thereof to the informer and informers who fhall profecute for the fame, and the other moiety thereof, the necefiary charges for the recovery thereof being firft deducted, fhall be paid to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, in the manner herein-before direded), and to. award and iflue out his warrant under his hand and feaj for the levying any fuch pecuniary penalties and forfeitures fo adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they fhall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any); and where goods of the offender cannot be found fufficient to anfwer the penalty, to commit the faid offender to the houfe of corredion, there to remain for the fpace of three calendar months, unlefs fuch pecuniary penalty fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied; and if any perfon or perfons -Appeal tfiav fhall find himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by the judge- "^^etot e ment of any fuch juftice, then he, (he, or they, fhall and may, fion8. upon giving fecurity to the amount of the value of fuch penalty and forfeiture, together with fuch cofts as fhall be awarded in cafe fuch judgement fhall be affirmed, appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter feffions for the county*

(hire, ftewartry, or place, wherein the offence was committed, who are hereby impowered to fummon and examine witneffes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in cafe the judgement fhall be affirmed, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftices to award the perfon or perfons to pay fuch cofts occafioned by fuch appeal as to them fhall feem meet.

XIX* And be it further en a died by the authority aforefaid*

That if any perfon or perfons fhall be fummoned as a witnefs or Witneffes

witneffes to give evidence before fuch juftice or juftices of the

peace, touching any of the matters relative to this aft, either on * 01 ci

the part of the profecutor or of the perfon or perfons accufed*

and fhall negleft or refufe to appear at tho time and place to be

for that purpofe appointed, without reafonable excufe for fueh

Vox,. XXXV.



his,

Hosted

Anno vicefimo fexto CffiofeGii III. c.49. [1786.

his, her, or their neglect or refufal, to be allowed of by fuch juftice or juftices of the peace before whom the profecution (hall, be depending, that then every fuch perfon (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of ten pounds fterling, to be levied and paid irt fuch manner, and by fuch means, as is herein-before directed as to other penalties.

XX.	Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftice, where he (hall fee caufe, to mitigate and Jeflen any fuch penalties as he (hall think fit, reafonable cofts of the officers and informers, as well in making the difcovery as in prpfecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above fuch mitigation, and fo as fuch mitigation do not reduce the penalties to lefs than one moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the faid cofts and charges; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithftanding: and no fuch convi&ion (hall be removed by Certiorari into any court whatfoever.

XXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in ptfrfuance of this adl, or of any claufe, matter, or thing, therein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may

General iflue. p]ead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdi& (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have Treble cofts. treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIX.

Jn a51 for granting to bis Majejiy certainJlamp duties on perfumery^ hair powder, and other articles therein mentioned; and on licences to be taken out by perfons uttering or vending the fame.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. 1TTTTE your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, having taken into our moft ferious confideration your Majefty’s moft gracious fpeech to both houfes of parliament, recommending the eftablifhment of a fixed plan for the redu&ionof the national debt'; and your faithful commons- being defirous of obtaining that defirable object by the moft eafy and effe&ual means, have, towards that purpofe, refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral new rates and duties upon the feveral wares and other articles herein-after mentioned : and to that end and purpofe do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena&-ed; and be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and From July 5, by the authority of the feme. That, from and after the fifth thd ^l* day of one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, there

Juftices may

mitigate penalties.

Hosted by Google .

tyS6.] Annd vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 49.	52^

(hall beraifed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the king- to Be paid oa dom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, the feveral new rates and duties following, 1	*

upon the feveral wares and other articles herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay).

That for and upon every packet, box* bottle, phial, or other inclofure, containing any powders, paftes, balls, balfams, ointments, oils, waters, walhes, tindlures, effences, liquors, of other preparation or compofuion whatsoever, commonly called, known, or diftinguilhed, by the name of Sweet Scents, Odours, or Perfumes*, or by the name of Cofmeticks, ufed or to be ufed by any perfon or perfons as fweet fcents, odours, perfumes, or cofmeticks, which fhall be uttered, vended, or expofed to fale, in Great Britain, mixed or unmixed with other materials or ingredients, there (hall be charged a damp-duty according to the rates herein-after exprefled; and alfo, that for -and upon every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other inclofure, containing any dentifrice, powders, tinctures, or other preparation or compo-fition whatsoever for the teeth or gums, which (hall be uttered, vended, or expofed to fale in Great Britain, there (hall be charged a ftamp-duty, according to the like rates herein-after exprefled 5 and that for and upon every roll, cake, or piece, packet, box, pot, Or other inclofure of, or containing any pomatum, ointment, or other preparation or compofition for the hair, which (hall be uttered, vended, or expofed to fale, in Great Britain, there (hall be charged a ftamp-duty, according to the like rates herein-after exprefled^ and alfo, that for and upon every packet, or other inclofure, containing any hair powder, which (hall be ottered, vended, or expofed to fale, in Great Britain, the price whereof fhall exceed two (hillings for the pound weight, there (hall be charged a ftamp-duty, according to the like rates herein-after exprefled ; (that is fay),

Where any fuch wares, or Other articles aforefaid, (hall not ^keTTtc exceed the price or value of eight-pence, there (hall be charged of perfumes, a ftamp-duty of one penny :	under 8d. va-

And where any fuch wares, or other articles aforefaid, (hall lue» *d. exceed the price or value of eight-pence, and not exceed the Between 8d. price or value of one (hilling, there (hail be charged a ftamp- and 1S* lci* duty of one penny halfpenny :	^

And where any fuch wares, or other articles aforefaid, (hall Between is. exceed the price or value of one (hilling, and (hall not exceed and as. the price or value of two (hillings and fixpence, there (hall be 3<i* charged a ftamp-duty of three-pence :

And where any fuch wares, or other articles aforefaid, (hall Between ts. exceed the price or Value of two (hillings and fixpence, and fhall 6d. and $s. —«, be under the price or value of five (hillings, there (ha^l be charged a ftamp-duty of fixpence:

And where any fuch wares, or other articles aforefaid;, (ball js, or up-be of the price or value of five (hillings or upwards* there (ha*l wards, — xr* be charged a ftamp-duty of one (hilling:

No 2	Tht

■ Hosted by Google

$11	Anna	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii III. c.49. [1786.

Duties to be The faidr feveral and refpedive duties aforefaid to be levied and Jevied on paid, upon each and every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other etc!"accord^Dg inc^^ure> an^ upon each and every roll, cake, ball, or piece of to the above fuch wares or other article or articles aforefaid, which (hall rates.	uttered, vended, or expofed to fale as aforefaid, according to

the refpedive prices or values above rated.

For every	And	alfo,	That	for and upon every packet, or other inclofure

packet of hair containing any hair powder, which (hall be uttered, vended, or powder under expofed to fale inL Great Britain, the price whereof fhall not ex-for each * ™ Ceec*two	f°r the pound weight, there fhall be charged

pound, for each and every pound weight thereof, or any lefs quantity than a pound weight, a flamp-duty of one penny.

Not to extend to drugs, etc. Kable to the duties ira-pofed by ad Geo. 3. c. 79.

ftor to common foap urt mixed with perfumes.

Perfons vending articles hereby taxed, to pay is. annually for a licence.

Duties to be under.the management of the com$if-

II.	Provided always. That nothing herein-before contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge any drugs, oils, waters, efiences, tindure3, powders, or other preparation or compofition whatfoever, ufed or applied, or to be ufed or applied, externally or internally, as medicines or medicaments for the prevention, cure, or relief of any diforder or complaint incident to, or in anywife affeding the human body, which are charged and chargeable with certain rates and duties in and by an ad made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft for repealing an aR^ made in the tiven~ ty~tbirdyear of the reign of bis prefent Majejiy, intituled, An ad for granting to his Majefty a ftamp-duty on licences to be taken out by certain perfons uttering or vending medicines; and certain ftamp-duties on all medicines fold under fuch licences, or under the authority of his Majefty’s letters patent; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof), with the rates or duties in and by this ad impofed, or with any additional rate or duty by force hereof.

III.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this ad contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge with the above rates or duties any common foap imported into or made in Great Britain, and charged and chargeable with any rate or duty under the management of the commiflioners of the cuf-toms or the commiffionerrs of excife, which lhall be uttered, vended, or expofed to fale in Great Britain, wholly unmixed with any fuch fweet feents, odours, or perfumes as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

■ That every perfon in Great Britain uttering, vending, or expof-

ing to fale, any fuch wares, or other article or articles aforefaid, lubjed to the duties herein-before impofed, fhall annually take out a licence for that purpofe; and that for and upon every licence fo taken out by any fuch perfon, there fhall be charged a ftamp-duty of one (hilling.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

. That for the better and more effedual levying and colleding “ the faid feveral duties herein-before granted, the fame fhall be

under the government, care, and management of the commrf-....	Saner*

Hosted by Google

Anno vicefimo fexto GeorgiI III. c. 49,	529

(toners for the time being appointed to manage the duties Ooners of charged on'damped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or ftamP8* the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ fuch officers for that purpofe, ancj to allow fuch falaries and incidental charges as may be neceffary, and to provide and ufe fuch ftamps to denote the faid feveral duties as fhall be re-quilite in that behalf, and to do all other things neceffary to be done for putting this ad in execution with relation to the faid rates and duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorized to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the paffing of this ad, any two or more Commifiion-of his Majefty’s commiffioners, appointed to manage the duties for ftamPs arifing by ftamps on vellum, parchment, and paper, or fome ceifc^for'a perfon duly authorifed by them, (hall grant licences to fuch per- year, from Ions who (hall apply for the fame, to utter, vend, or expofe to July 5,1786, fate, in any city, town, or place within Great Britain, any fuch to be renewed wares, or other article or articles as aforefaid, fubjed to the ^ays before11 duties by this ad impofed, and tfte faid licences fo granted fhall they expire, continue in force for the fpace of one year, commencing from the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day, and upon licences to be firfi: granted to any perfon or perfons after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, to commence from the day of the date of every fuch licence ; and all and every perfon and perfons who lhall take out fuch licence or licences for uttering, vending, or expofing to fale, any fuch wares, or other article or articles as aforefaid,

(hall take out a fre(h licence or licences for another year, ten days at the lead before the expiration of that year fpr which he,

(he, or they (hall have been licenfed, if he, (he, or they (hall' continue to utter, vend, or expofe to fale, fuch wares or other articles aforefaid, or any of them, and (hall in. like manner renew fuch licence from year to year, paying down the fums due for the ftamps on fuch licences folong as he, (he, or they (hall continue to utter, vend, or expofe to fate, fuch wares or other articles as aforefaid, or any of them.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand PerfonsfelKng feven hundred and eighty-fix, no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall utter, vend, or expofe to fale, any fuch wares, or other ar- without-alludes as aforefaid, which (hall be fubjed to the rates or duties cence, forfeit herein-before impofed, unlefs he, (he, or they (hall have firft jl. obtained a licence, and then remaining in force, in fuch manner as is herein-before direded, upon pain to forfeit, for every (uch offence, the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is direded.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That every perfon and perfons uttering, vending or expofing Venders not

N n 3	to	bavin£ tue

Hosted by Google

Anno .vicclimo fexto Georgii HI. c. 49.	[1786.

vords Licenf- to fale, any fuch wares, or other article or articles as aforefaid.

Perfumer1 anc* beenfed fo t0 unc^er anc^ ky	of this adl, (hall,

the frontof°n vv*thm the fpace of twenty days after fuch licence (hall have their houfes, been granted, caufe the words Licenfed to deal in Perfumery, to torfeit, $1, be painted or written in large and legible characters, either over the door, or in fome vifible place in the front of his, her, or their houfe, (hop, or warehoufe, at the refpe&ive places at which he, (he, or they (hall utter, vend, or expofe to fale, any fuch wares, or other article or articles as aforefaid, to denote that fuch perfon or perfons is or are a dealer or dealers in perfumery, and licenfed for that purpofe; and if any perfon fo li-cenfed as aforefaid (hall, after the expiration of twenty days after fuch licence (hall have been granted, prefume to utter, vend, or expofe to falc, any fuch wares or other article or articles fubje& to the duties by this a<5t impofed, without fixing or hanging out fuch notice as aforefaid, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is direCled.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

TJnlicenfed That if any perfon or performs (hall fix or hangout any fuch Perfons fixing notice as aforefaid,' or continue the fame fo fixed or hung out, on their^	having a licence for that purpofe then remaining in

Jioufee, forfeit force, in fuch manner as is herein-before directed, every fuch aoL	perfon	or	perfons fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, for-

feit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

X. Jnd9 in order to fecure the duties hereby impofed, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon and perfons making, preparing, uttering, vending, or expofing to fale, any fuch wares, or other article or articles as aforefaid, which are fubjedt to the duties hereby impofed, (hall, from time tQ time, apply to the faid commiflioners of (lamps, or to the officers appointed for that purpofe, for paper covers, wrappers, or labels, to be pafted, ftuck, faftened, or affixed to packets, boxes, pots, bottles, phials, or other inclofures, containing any fuch wares, or other article or articles as aforefaid, or to be pafted, ftuck, faftened, or affixed to rolls, cakes, balls, or pieces of fuch wares, or other articles, as (hall be uttered, vended, or expofed to fale, without any inclofure as aforefaid; upon which paper covers, wrappers, or labels, the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them, as aforefaid, are hereby diredled and required to print or imprefs, or caufe to be printed or imprefled, fome mark, device, or fome particular word or words, to denote the faid duties, and the rate thereof: and the faid commiflioners are hereby alfo required to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, from time to time^ tq every fuch licenfed vender or venders, as occaiion (hall require, fufficient covers, wrappers, or labels, for the purpofe aforefaid, on payment of the refpedtive fums due for the (lamps thereon ; and all and every the packets, boxes, pots, bottles, phials, and other inclofures, containing any fuch wares, or other article or articles as aforefaid, uttered, vended, or expofed to fale therein,

by

Venders to fend to the commifiion-ers for (tamped labels to pafte on packets, in inch manner as the coin-jnififioners ftiall direct.

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. 0*49.	531

by any perfon or perfons whatfoever; and alfo all and every the rolls, cakes, balls, and pieces of fuch other wares, or other article or articles as aforefaid, which (hall be uttered, vended, or ex-pofed to fale as aforefaid, by any perfon or perfons whatfoever,

(hall have well and fufficiently palted, ftuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, fuch covers, wrappers, or labels, ftamped, marked, im-preffed, or diftinguilhed as aforefaid, in fuch manner as the faid commiflioners fhall dire#: and the faid commiflioners (hall, from time to time, devife and dire& the manner in which fuch covers, wrappers, or labels, (hall be patted or affixed to the faid wares, or other article or articles aforefaid; or to the papers, thread, or other thing inclofing, or which (hall be diredled by the faid commiflioners to inclofe, the fame; and to make fuch rules and regulations in that behalf as they (hall think fit and ne-ceflary, to prevent the covers, wrappers, or labels affixed to fuch wares, or other article or articles aforefaid, from being made ufe of again, after they (hall have been fold and difpofed of; which rules, regulations, and diredlions, (hall be delivered to all and every vender or venders aforefaid, at the time of his, her, or tfreijr taking out the firft licence herein-before diredled to be taken out by every perfon and perfons vending or expofing to fale fuch wares, or other articles aforefaid, fubjedt to the duties by this adl impofed; and fo, from time to time, with every future licence that (hall be granted, if any variation or alteration (hall have been made in fuch rules, regulations, or diredlions aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That no perfon or perfons (hall, from and after the faid fifth day Perfons felling of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, utter, yend, packets with-or expofe to fale, or offer or keep ready for fale, or caufe to be tapper,™ r vended or expofed to fale, or offered or kept ready for fale, in with one of a any (hop, houfe, or other place, of which notice (hall haye been wrong deno-? fent as herein-after diredled, any wares, or other article or arti- mination, forties aforefaid, fubjedl to the duties hereby impofed, or receive	•s *

any thing whatfoever by way of barter, or in exchange for any wares, or other article or Articles aforefaid, fubjedl to the faid duties, unlefs the cover, wrapper, or label, hereby diredled to be patted, ftuck, fattened, or affixed to the fame, (hall, previous to fuch fale, or expofing to fale, or offering for fale, as aforefaid, be well and fufficiently patted, ftuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, in fuch manner as the faid commiflioners (hall from time to time diredl, and marked or ftamped as by this adl is diredled, or that (hall have any cover, wrapper, or label, patted, ftuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, marked or ftamped with a mark or (lamp of lefs denomination or value than by this adl is diredled, under pain that all and every fuch perfon and perfons fo offending (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is diredled.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled. That it (hall Hair powder and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, who is, are,

or (hall be a maker or makers of hair powder, having duly made vaiueTand in a true eotry at any office of excife in Great Britain, as required quantity not

N n 4	by	under 224 lb*

Hosted by ^.ooQle

m

rnsy be fold without a flam pec cover, &c. by tiie maker.

Perfons felling fuch powder to keep an account

proper officer^, on penalty of 20l.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 49. [1786.

by the feveral ftatutes in that cafe made and provided*, to vend and fell to any perfon or perfons dealing in hair powder, and li-cenfed by virtue and in purfuance of this aft, and to and for fuch Jicenfed perfon or perfons to buy for fale any hair powder, the price whereof (hall not exceed the rate of two (hillings for the pound weight, and packed in any calks, cherts, cafes, bags, or other packages, each calk, chert, cafe, bag, or other package whereof (hall contain two hundred and twenty-four pounds of Juch hair powder at the leaft, without affixing, or being required to affix, to the fame, any cover, wrapper, or label, marked or ftamped according to the directions of this aft; any thing here* in contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That every fuch maker of makers of hair powder, as aforefaid, who (hall vend or fell the famC without ftamps, under the powers arid directions of this

hereof for the aft as aforefaid, (hall keep one or more book or books, wherein jnfpeftion^ of he, (he, and they (hall fairly enter in writing an exact, particular, and true account of all fuch hair powder which (hall, from time to time, be fold by him, her, or them, without ftamps, and the name and names of the refpeftive perfon and perfons, to whom, or to whofe ufe, the fame was fo fold, and the particular days and times when the fame was fo fold; which book and books any officer or officers appointed by the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, for that purpofe, (hall and may, at all feafon-. able times, in the day-time, view and examine, and take any copy or copies of the fame, or of fuch parts thereof as he or they (hall think proper, without hindrance or moleftation, under the pain and penalty that every perfon offending in any of the particulars above mentioned (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is direfted.

XIV.	And, in order to prevent any fuch cover, wrapper, or labels as aforefaidafter the fame, (hall have been ufed in the fale or difpofal of any ivares, or other article or articles aforefaid, fubjeel to the faid duties, from being made ufe of again for the like purpofe, whereby his M'ijefifs revenue might be lejfened and dimint/hed; be it further

Perfons felling enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or per-

^^famela- f°ns ^rom an<^ a^ler l*ie ^ ^ay Juh* one thmj-fand feven hundred and eighty-fix, fraudulently cur, tear, or take off, or caufe to be cur, torn, or taken off, from any wares, or other article or articles aforefaid, fubjeft to the faid duties hereby impofed, any cover, wrapper, or label, marked or imported with any mark cr (lamp in refpeft whereof or whereby any duty or duties by this aft impofed is or are paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceifors, after the fame (hall have been fold and difpofed of, or (hall fraudulently pafte, flick, faft-en, or affix, or caufe to be parted, ftuck, faftened, or affixed, to any fuch wares, or other article or articles as aforefaid, any fuch cover, wrapper, or label, fo fraudulently cut, torn, or taken off as aforefaid ; or (hall utter, vend, or expofe to fale, or caufe to be uttered, vended, or expofed to fale, any fuch wares, or other

article

be) a iecond t*ne, forfeit jol.

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III, C. 49.	533

article or articles as aforefaid, with fuch cover, wrapper, or label, which (hall have been fo fraudulently cut, tprn, or taken off as aforefaid ; all and every the perfon and perfons fo offending, in any of the particulars before-mentioned, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is direded.

XV.	And, the better to prevent the like frauds, be it alfo further

enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or per- PerfonsfelKng Tons (hall, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, wilfully and knowingly fell or fecond^hne, buy, or give or receive any other thing whatfoever by way of 0r buying or * barter, or in exchange for, any fuch cover, wrapper, or label, felling packets marked or ftamped with any mark or ftamp in refped whereof r\th £UCr •**-any duty or duties is or are paid or payable to his Majefty, his orclt heirs or fucceffors, in purfuance of this ad (which hath been, before made ufe of in the fale or difpofal of any fuch wares, or other article or articles as aforefaid, liable to the faid duties), in order to be again made ufe of for the like purpofe; or (hall wilfully and knowingly fell or buy, or give or receive any thing whatfoever by way of barter, or in exchange for, any fuch wares, or other article or articles as aforefaid, fubjed to the faid duties, or any fuch packet, box, pot, bottle, phial, or other inclofure aforefaid, with fuch cover, wrapper, or label, which hath been before made ufe of in manner aforefaid, parted, ftuck, fattened, or affixed thereto; every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid commiffioners for the time being appointed to Five pounds manage the duties upon ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, Per cent, dif-or the major part of them, (hall allow and pay to every perfon al°iowed°for who (hall be fupplied with paper covers, wrappers, or labels, in prompt pay-purfuance of this ad, after the rate of five pounds in the hun- ment of dred pounds upon prefent payment of the faid duty or duties up- duties, pn the faid covers, wrappers, or labels, fo to them fupplied.

XVII.	And whereas the pafting on and affixing the covers, wrappers> or lables on the feveral wares or other article or articles, or the inclofures thereof, in the manner, and under the feveral rules, regulations, and directions, to be made hy the faid commiffioners, will tend greatly to fecure the faid duties by this ad impofed, be it therefore

enaded by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid Notice of the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, pvery perfon and perfons who (hall utter, vend, or expofe to jjable^o duty fale, any fuch wares, or other article or articles as aforefaid, li- to be fent to £ble to the duties by this ad impofed, before they (hall refpec- the commif-tively obtain a licence to utter, vend, or expofe to fale, the fame jjoners °f }n purfuance of this ad, (hall give or fend notice in writing of	of	d.

the ufual (hop, houfe, or place, (hops, houfes, or places, where F	*

-they refpedively (hall utter, vend, or expofe to fale the fame, or intend fo tp doj which nptice (hall be given or fent to the com-*

a	mUfioners

Hosted by Google

534	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 49. # liyXS;

roiffioners for the time being for managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parchmeht, and paper, or to their officers next adja- * cent to the place or places refpectively where fuch wares or other article or articles are uttered, vended, or expofed to fa!e, or intended fo to be; and the like notice (hall be given or fent, by* every fuch perfon or perfons, as often as they refpectively (hall change the places where fuch goods and other articles are by them fold, or intended to be fold j which notice (hall contain the particular (hop, houfe, and place, and the particular room or apartment of the (hop, houfe, or place, wherein the fame are fo vended or expofed to fale, or intended To to be, upon pain that every perfon making default in giving notice as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed ; and all fuch wares, and other article and articles aforefaid, fubject to the duties hereby imposed, which (hall be kept ready for fale, or offered to fale, in any (hop, houfe, or other place, whereof notice (hall have been given or fent as aforefaid (except fuch wares, and other article or articles aforefaid, which are particularly enumerated and fpeci-iied in a certain fchedule to this aft annexed, intituled, Schedule $etond\ and which (hall be, and are hereby allowed to be kept for fale, and expofed to fale, in any fuch (hop, houfe or other place aforefaid, in bulk or otherwife, without any (lamped cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto, until the time of actual fale thereof), (hall be deemed and adjudged to require a cover, wrapper, or label, marked and (lamped as by this a<5i is required, to be previoufly affixed thereon, in manner to be-diredled by the Proper offi- faid commiflioners as aforefaid 5 and it (hall and may be lawful cer& may	and for any officer or officers, being thereunto authorifed by

where ^ commiflioners, to enter in the day-time into any fuch ftampt covers fhop, houfe, or place, or any room or apartment whereof fuch are wanting, notice (hall have been given or fent as aforefaid, and there to fearch an<* examiqe whether the faid feveral wares, and other ar-paidfq? on^ or art'c^s aforefaid, fo kept ready for fale, or offered to fale, penalty of 5I. as aforefaid, in fuch (hop, houfe, or other place aforefaid, have refpectively a cover, wrapper, or label duly affixed thereto, or to the inclofures containing the fame, according to the directions of this act; and if fuch wares or other article or articles aforefaid (except as herein excepted) (hallhe expofed to fale, or kept ready for fale, in any fuch (hop, houfe, or other place as aforefaid, without any cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto, or with a cover, wrapper, or label of lefs denomination or value than by this act is directed, or with a cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto unduly and infufficiemly, and contrary to the directions of the faid commiflioners, it (hall and may be lawfui to and for fuch officer and officers refpectively, and .he and they is and are hereby required to affix, or caufe to be affixed, to the faid wares, or other article or articles aforefaid fo expofed to fale, or kept ready for fale as aforefaid reflectively, or to the refpective inclofures thereof, a cover, wrapper, or label marked and (lamped as k aforefaid, (to fee fupplied by the faid officer or officers, if occa-

fioO

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. C. 49.	535

fion (hall require), in fuch manner as the faid commiffioriers (hall from time to time diredt; and if the owner or owners, or vender or venders thereof, or the perfon or perfons having the care or cuftody thereof, (hall not upon demand pay and dif-charge to the faid officer and officers all fuch fums of money as (hall have become due and payable by him, her, or them, in re-fpedt of the (lamps upon the faid covers, wrappers, or labels fo fupplied as aforefaid, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the funp of five pounds, over and above the faid duties, to be recovered and applied as herein-af-ter is directed.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall obftruft or hinder any of the Perfons ob-faid officers in the execution of the powers and authorities given ccnfirTfhe^" to him or them by this adt, for fecuring the faid duties, every executioifof fuch perfon and perfons fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, their duty, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and forfeit aql. applied as herein-after is directed.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That Damaged Iain cafe any covers, wrappers, or labels, (hall be damaged, de- ™eclfor faced, or fpoiled in affixing the fame upon fuch wares, or other otherswithout articles as aforefaid, or other wife, fo as to be rendered unfit for additional ufe, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons licenfed expence.

in purfuance of this adt, to bring fuch covers, wrappers, or labels, fo marked and (lamped as aforefaid, together with the wares or other articles to which the fame (hall have been affixed, to the commiffioners for managing the (lamp-duties, or to the head officer appointed by them, and on oath (or folemn affirmation, m cafe fuch licenfed perfon (hall be one of the people called Quakers), thereof made by fuch licenfed perfon, to the fatisfadtion of the faid commiffioners or head officer fo appointed (who are hereby authorifed to adminifter fuch oath or folemn affirmation, and to examine into all circuinftances relating to the damaging, defacing, or fpoiling the fame), that fuch covers, wrappers, or labels, fo defaced or fpoiled, or rendered unfit for the purpofe intended, have not been ufed for any other purpofe, or in any other manner whatfoever; and that none of them have been fraudulently rebought or returned after the fame have been fold or difpofed of; and that no money, or other confideration, hath been paid or given for the fame, fave and except the money firft paid for fuch covers, wrappers, or labels, at the (lamp-office, or other places appointed by the commiffioners for the diftribu-tion thereof; then, and in fuch cafe* the faid commiffioners are hereby required and diredled, after deftroying fuch defaced covers, wrappers, or labels, to deliver to fuch licenfed perfon other Covers, wrappers, or labels, of the fame denomination or value, inftead of the covers, wrappers, or labels fo damaged, defaced ot fpoiled, or rendered unfit for ufe as aforefaid, without demanding or taking, directly or indiredtly, for the fame, any fum of phoney or other confideration whatfoever.

And he it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That,

Hosted by Google

Perfon8 felling articles fub-|e& to duty, in any place not fpecified bv notice, forfeit 5I.

Articles fold for exportation, not fub-jedt to duty.

Account of articles exported to be fent to the commiffioners of ftamps,

to be filed, and certificates thereof to be granted to the venders, which fhall be legal evidence.

Perfons convicted of offences again ft this aCt, forfeit (their licence.

Anno vicefimo fexto GEOkGH III. c.49.	[*786.

T,hat, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, if any perfon or perfons, fo licenced as aforefaid, fhall vend or expofe to fale any wares, or other article or articles fubjedt to the duties by this a6t impofed, in any other (hop, houfe, or place, than fuch as are refpectively contained or defcribed in fuch notice fo given or fent to the faid commiffioners, or to their officers as aforefaid, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending fhall forfeit and pay the film of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is diredled,

XXI.	And, to encourage the exportation of all fuch wares, and other articles aforefaid, into foreign parts, be it further provided and enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this adt contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the fale of any wares or other articles, by any licenfed perfon as aforefaid, 10 any perfon in Great Britain for the purpofes of exportation, where fuch wares and other articles fo fold fhall be, bona fide and without fraud, exported to foreign parts; and that, in every fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons felling the fame for exportation da, within three days after the fale thereof, give or fend notice, in writing, to the faid commiffioners, or fome perfon duly appointed by them at the head office of ftamps, or at the office of the diftributor of ftamps next adjacent to the place where he, (he, or they fhall refpedtively refide, of all fuch wares, or other article or articles aforefaid, which (hall be fo fold for exportation; which notice fhall contain the quantities and denominations of all fuch wares, or other article or articles aforefaid, and thd name and names of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame are fo fold, and the port and place from which the fame is to be exported; and all fuch notices fhall be filed by the faid commiffioners, or their officers, to whom the fame are given and fent as aforefaid; and a certificate thereof, containing the like quantities and denominations of the wares or other articles, and alfo the names, perfons and places expreffed in fuch notices refpedtively, fhall, if required, be made out under the hands of the faid commiffioners, or their officers aforefaid, and delivered gratis to the per-* fon or perfons by whom fuch notices refpedtively were given or fent; and in all profecutions of offenders for felling or buying any fuch wares or other articles aforefaid, contrary to the pro-vifions of this adt, every fuch certificate fhall be legal evidepce of notice, and of the quantities and denominations of the wares and other articles aforefaid expreffed or contained therein.

XXII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons, licenfed in purfuance of this adt, fhall be convidted or profecuted to final judgement by any the ways or means by this adt prefcribed of or for any offence againft this adt, whereby any pecuniary penalty or fum of money is incurred or forfeited, the licence granted to the perfon or perfons fo convidted or profecuted to judgement of or for fuch offence, fhall thenceforth be null and void; and fo from time to time, upon each and every fucceffive convidtion or judgement againft: fu^h perfon or perfops fo offending as aforefaid, every new or

fubfetjueqt

Hosted by

Google

53/

17S6.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeorGii III. C.49.

fubfequent licence granted in purfuance of this ad (hall, in like manner, thenceforth be null and voids and that it (hall not be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any of their officers refpec-tively, after fuch conviction or judgement, to grant any new licence purfuant to this ad, to any perfon or perfons fo convided or prdfecuted to judgement, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall, at the time when fuch new licence is granted, give fecurity by bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, with one or more fufficient fureties, to be approved of by the faid commiflioners, or the officer or officers by them appointed for that purpofe, in the following fums refpedively, and on the following condition ; that is to fay, If fuch perfon or perfons refpedively (hall have been fo convided or profecuted to judgement for a firft offence againft this ad, then fuch bond to be entered into on the renew- What (ecu-al of any licence vacated thereupon, (hall be in the penal fum of rities are to one hundred pounds fterling money of Great Britain; and if renewa^of1 fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been fo convided or profecutedforfeited to judgement for a fecond or other fubfequent offence againft licences, this ad, then fuch bond (hall be in double the penal fum contained in the lafb preceding bond, entered into by fuch perfon or perfons fo offending as aforefaid; and that the condition of fuch bonds refpedively (hall be, that if fuch perfon or perfons fhall thenceforth well and truly conform to and obferve all the regulations and provifions of this ad, fo far as he, (he, or they fhall be concerned therein, then fuch bonds (hall be void, other-wife to be and remain in full force; and the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, and any officer or officers by them appointed for that purpofe, are hereby authorifed to take the faid bond or bonds; and in cafe the perfon or perfons entering, into fuch bond, and to whom fuch licence fnall have been granted, (hall, at any time during the continuance of fuch licence, qr any future licence, have aded contrary to the regulations and provifions of this ad, and to the form and effed of the faid condition, then and in fuch cafe the faid commiflioners (hall, and they are hereby required to caufe every fuch bond to be profecuted with effed; and which profecution (hall and may be carried on againft the principal obliger, his, her, or their furety or fureties, or his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators refpec-tively, as the faid commiflioners fhall think proper,

XXIII.	And) in order to obviate any doubts which may arife in the conjlruttion of this aff, for want af a particular fpecifcation, denomination, and enumeration of the different wares, or other articles	*

aforefaid, which are charged with, or fubjeft to the rates or duties by this aft impofed, or to which the fame/hall extend; be it declared and further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That, the rates Duties taex-r and duties hereby impofed on powders, paftes, balls, balfams, tend to all ointments, oils, waters, wafhes, tindures, effences, liquors, or other preparation or compofition whatfoever, commonly called, fchedule an-known, or diftinguifhed, by the name of Sweet Scents, Odours or cexed. Perfumes, or by the name of Cofmettcks, ufed, or to be ufed, by any perfon or perfons as fweet fcents, odours perfumes, or cof-

metieks*

Hosted by Google

S38

Perfons coun terfeiting ltamp$, or ufmg them, guilty of

ft^ony.

Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII IIL c. 49.	[1786.

foeticks, which (hall be uttered, vended, or expofed to fale, in Gwat Britain$ and alfo upon dentifrice powders, tinftures, and other preparation or compofition whatfoever, for the teeth or gums, which (hall be uttered, vended, or expofed to fale, in Great Britain; and alfo upon rolls, cakes, balls, or pieces, packets, boxes, or other inclofures of, or containing any pomatum, ointment, hair powder, or other preparation or com po fit ion fof the hair, which (hall alfo be uttered, vended, or expofed to fale in Great Britain; and upon perfons uttering, vending, or expo-fing to fale the fame; and all the powers, provifoes, articles, clau-fes, diftributiorts of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prefcribed or appointed by this a eft, for the raif-ing, levying, collefting, and fecuring the faid rates and duties, (hall particularly extend, and be deemed and adjudged to extend, to charge with the faid rates and duties all and every the wares and other article and articles mentioned, named, enumerated, or fpecified in the fchedule hereunto annexed, by the refpeeftive names therein mentioned, or by whatfoever other name or names the fame have heretofore been, now are, or hereafter fhall be called, known, or dirtinguifhed; and alfo all other powders, paftes, balls, balfams, ointments, oils, waters, wafhes, tinftures, eflences, liquors, and other preparation or compofition aforefaid, called Sweet Scents, Odours, Perfumes, or Cofmeticks, as aforefaid j and all dentifrice powders, tinftures, and other preparation or compofition aforefaid for the teeth or gums; and all rolls, cakes, balls, or pieces, packets, pots, boxes, or other inclofures of, or containing any pomatum, ointment, hair powder, or other preparation or compofition aforefaid for the hair, not therein parti* cularly enumerated or fpecified, having the fame or the like properties, qualities, virtues and efficacies, and ufed for the fame or the like purpofes with thofe wares or other articles fo enumerated or fpecified therein, as fully and effe<ftually as if the fe-veral wares and other articles aforefaid, in and by this aft above deferibed, and the feveral articles in the faid fchedule named, enumerated or fpecified, were particularly named, enumerated, or fpecified, in the body of this aft.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, - That if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any feal, (lamp, or mark, direfted or allowed to be ufed, or provided, made, or ufed in purfuance of this aft, for the purpofe of denoting the duties by this aft granted ; or fhall counterfeit or refembk the impreffion of the fame, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any the faid duties; or fhall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper,, direfted to be marked or damped with any mark or fiamp provided and ufed in purfuance of this aft, wirh a counterfeit mark or ftamp thereupon, knowing fuch mark or ftamp to be counterfeit; or if any perfon (hall privately and fraudulently ufe any feal, ftamp, or mark, direfted or allowed to be ufed by this aft, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs

or

Hosted by Google

1786,] Anno vicefimo fetfto Georgii HI. c. 49.	539

or fucceflors, of any of the faid duties, then every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof convided, fhall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without be* nefit of clergy.

XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, and all other mat- Former pow-

ters and things prefcribed or appointed by any former ad or

ads of parliament relating to the ftamp duties oh vellum, parch- extended to3

menr, and paper, (hall be of full force and effect with relation this act.

to the rates and duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied

and put in execution for raifing, levying, collecting, and fecur-

ing the faid new rates and duties hereby impofed, according to

the true intent and meaning of this ad, as fully and effedually,

to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feverally and re-

fpedively been hereby enaded with relation to the faid new

rates and duties hereby impofed.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That all pecuniary penalties hereby impofed, (hall be divided How penalties and diftributed (if fued for within the fpace of fix calendar arc to.be JP* months from the time of any fuch penalty being incurred), in ProPnal€d» manner following; one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the manner herein-after mentioned, and the other moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That all pecuniary penalties impofed on any perfon or perfdns and how to be for offences committed againft this ad, (hall and may be fued recovered, for ^nd recovered, with full cofts of fuit, in any of his Majefty’s courts at Wejlminjier, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and in his Majefty’s court of fef-fions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin* protedion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed*

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That fuch divifion or distribution of the pe- No informer nalties as aforefaid (hall be, and is hereby confined and reftrid- entitled to hi* ed to the profecuting for the fame within the time herein-before na*tfe°wbo for that purpofe limited; and that in default of fuch profecu-(joe8 not pro-rion within the time aforefaid, no informer or informers (hall fecute in time have, or be intitled to any part or (hare of fuch penalties, but limited, that the whole thereof (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and (hall be recoverable in manner aforefaid; any

thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding,

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the

authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for Juftices may any juftke of the peace refiding near the place where the offence determine fhall be committed, to.hear and determine any offence againft ^e^pecu-this wtiteh	the	offender 'to any pecuniary penalty; niary penal/

which ties.

Hosted by

Google

Appeal may be made to the quarter fef-fions.

WitnelTcs neglecting to attend, forfeit 40 Ihillirtgs.

Anno vlcefimo fexto GeoRGii III. c. 49.	£1786.

which faid. juftice of the peace is hereby authorifed arid required, upon any fuch information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, at any time within fix calendar months after iuch offence (hall have been committed againft this ad, to fummon the party accufed, and alfo the witneffes on either fide, and fhall examine into the matter of fad, and upon oue proof made thereof, either by the voluntary oath of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes (which oath he is hereby impowered to adminifter), to give judgement or fentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this ad is direded; all which penalties and forfeitures fo adjudged, fhall be divided and diftributed, one moiety therebf to the informer or informers who fhall profecutefor the fame, and the other moiety (the neceffary charges for the recovery thereof being firft deduded), fhall be paid to the ufe of his Majeftyi his heirs and fucceffors, in the manner herein-before direded, and to award and iffue out his warrant, under his hand and feal, for the levying any fuch pecuniary penalties or forfeitures fo adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof in cafe they fhall not be redeemed within three days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of the offender cannot be found fufficient to anfwer the penalty, to commit fuch offender to prifon, there to remain for the fpace of three months, unlefs fuch pecuniary penalty fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied; and if any perfon or perfons fhall find himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement of any fuch juftice, then* he, fhe, or they fhall and may, upon giving fecurity, to the amount of the value of fuch penalty and forfeiture, together with fuch cofts as fhall be awarded, in cafe fuch judgement fhall be affirmed, appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter feffions for the county, riding* (hire, ftetfartry, or place wherein the offence was committed, who are hereby impowered to fummon* and examine witneffes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in cafe the judgement fhall be affirmed, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftices to award the perfon or perfons to pay fuch cofts, occafioned by fuch appeal, as to them fhall feem meet.

XXX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* That if any perfon or perfons fhall be fummoned as a witnefs or witneffes, to give evidence before fugh juftice or juftices of the peace touching any of the matters relative to this ad, either on the part of the profecutor, or of the perfon or perfons ac-* cufed, and (hall negled or refufe to appear at the time and place to be for that purpofe appointed, without a reafonable cxcufe for fuch his, her, or their negled or refufal, to be allowed of by fuch juftice or juftices of the peace before whom the profecution (hall be depending, that then every fuch perfon (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of forty (hillings, to be levied and paid in fuch manner, and by fuch means as Is herein-before direded as to other penalties.

XXXI,	And> in order to avoid frivolous and vexatious appeals,

be

Google

Anno vlcefimo fexto Georg ii III. c. 49,	54.1

be it further enadted by the authority afbrefaid, That. th§ juftices of the peace before whom any offender (hall be convidU ed as aforefaid, fhall caufe the faid convi&ion to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the like effedt, mutatis mutandis; which convidtion fhall be good and effectual to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, without ftating the cafe, or the fadts or evidence in any more particular manner; (that is to fay),

BE it remembered, That on the	day of	°fcon*

‘ in the year of our Lord	in	the	county of vl^lon*

A, B .of	was convilied before me

C. D. one of his Majeffs juftices of the peace for the faid county, refiding near to the place where the offence was committed, for that the faid A. B. on the	day	of	now

laft paji did, [here ftate the offence againft the ad\]9 contrary to the form of the Jiatute in that cafe made and provided: and I do declare and adjudge, That he, the faid A. B. hath forfeited the fum of of law money of Great Britain, for the offence afore-faid; which fum of	1 do hereby mitigate to the

‘ fum of	[here ftate the mitigated penalty if necefr

fary] to be difributed as the law dir ells.

Given under my hand andfealy the day	of

XXXII. Provided neverthelefs, That it (hall and maybe Penalties may lawful to and for the faid juftice, where he fhall fee caufe, to he mitigated* mitigate and leffen any fuch penalties as he (hall think fit, rea-fonable cofts of the officers and informers, as well in making the difcovery as in profecuting the fame being always allowed, over and above fuch mitigation, and fo as fuch mitigation do not reduce the penalties to lefs than one moiety of the penalties • incurred over and above the faid cofts and charges 5 any thing Noconvi&ioft contained in this adt, or any other adt of parliament, to the con- ftal1 he.re“ trary notwithftanding; and that no fuch convidtion (hall be re- {^orari. y € * moved by certiorari into any court whatfoever.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That the feveral duties herein-before granted, fhall be paid Duties to be from time to time into the hands of the receiver general for the Paid to the time being of the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, and nerTlYor^" ‘ paper; who fhall keep a feparate and diftindt account of the ftamp$,and feveral rates and duties, and pay the fame (the neceffary charges by him paid of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being dedudt- Jl?t0 the ex* ed) into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time and in fuch c equer* manner as the duties now charged on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are diredted to be paid; and that in the of- Auditor to fice of the auditor of the faid receipt, there fhall be provided keepafepa-and kept a book or books, in which all the monies arifing of^^mon^es from the faid feveral rates and duties, and paid into the faid re- which fhall be ceipt as aforefaid, fhall be entered feparate and apart from all carried to the other monies, paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuc- finkingfund. v .eeffors, upon any account whatfoever j and the faid money, fo

Vot. xitxv.	Oo	paid

Hosted by Google

54*

His Majefty’s (hares of penalties to be paid to the laid receiver, and paid by himinto the ♦exchequer annually on Aug. i;

and applied; other penalties.

General iffue

Treble colls.

Aitad viitfefimo fexto Georgii III. 49^	[	*786.

paid iato.the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefald, (hall be carried to and made part of the fund Commonly called The Sinking Funi% and fliall be applicable to the fame ufes and purpofes as the faid finking fund is, or by law may be applicable unto.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-flx, all fuch penalties or forfeitures, and (hares of penalties or forfeitures, as (hall be due or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, by virtue of this aft, (hall, from time to time, be paid into the hands of the faid receiver general (or fome other perfon to be authorifed by the faid commiflfoners for the time being, or the major part of them, to receive the fame), who (hall keep a feparate and diftinft account thereof, and pay the fame (the neceffary charges of paying and accounting for the fame being dedufted) into the receipt of the exchequer, on the firft day of Auguft in every year, unlefs the fame fliall be a Sunday or holiday, and then on the firft day following not being a holiday; and in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt there (hall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid penalties or forfeitures, or fhares of penalties or forfeitures paid into the faid receipt, fliall be entered in fuch manner as (hall or may be directed by any aft or afts of parliament of this prefent feffion; and the faid monies, fo to be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer

! as aforefaid, (hall be iffued and applied to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in fuch manner and to fuch purpofes as other penalties or forfeitures due or payable to his Majefty have heretofore been ufed to be, or directed to be paid or applied, and to no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of ariy claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall

. and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a ver-dift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

SCHEDULE

Hosted by Google

tyti6.]	Anno vicefimo fexto GfioRGH III. c.

SCHEDULE FI RST To which this ACT refers:

Containing the names by which many fweet fcents, odours* perfumes, and cofmeticks, and other wares and articles of merchandize now in ufe, fubjed: to the duties by this ad im-pofed, are known or diftinguifhed j that is to fay,

Almonds, Powder of Pafte Soap

Wafh Balls Amber, Effence of Soap

Wafh Balls Balfam for the Hair Bears’ Greafe Bergamotte, fo called Effence of Pomatums Wafh Ball* Water Bouquet, fo called Effence of Powder Water Pomatums Camphire Wafh Balls Cedar, Effence of Citron, Effence of Civet, fo called Civet, Effence of Powder Cyprefs, fo called Effence of Water *

Sweet Cyprefs Powder Cyprian Odoriferous Powder Cithere Water Cream, Cold, for the Face

Beautifying, for Ditto White Cream Wafh Balls Marble Ditto Dentifrice, fo called

Spence’s Ditto Rufpini’s Ditto Pearl Ditto Myrrh Ditto

Dentifrice, Vegetable Ditto Dew, Olympian Naples Filberts, Oil of Flowers, Effence of Hair Powder, fo called Honey Water Honeyfuckles, Effence of Pomatums Hyacinth, Effence of Jeffamine, Effence of Milk of Oil of Powder of Pomatums Syrup of Water Jonquil, Eflence of Water of Pomatums Lavender, Diftilled Water Ditto from the Flowers Effence of Volatile Ditto Lavender, Powder of Pomatums Wafh Balls Lemon, Effence of Lillies, Carnation of Milk of Powder of Wafh Balls Lime, Effence of Marechalle, fo called Powder of Ducheffe French Pomatums Water Mignionette, Effence of Millefleurs, Effence of

Millefieun*

Qo z

Hosted by G( ogle

ASM vicefimo &P9R<*n HI, €.4$. fi7?&

Millefleurs, Powder of'

Pomatums

Water

Mulk, Eflence of Powder of Myrrh, Eflence of Myrtle, Eflence of Oeillet, fo called Eflence of Pomatums Powder Orange, Eflence of Powder of Butter Pomatum Orange Flower, Eflence of Powder of Pomatum

Paints, Rouge Blanche

Vegetable Rouge Serviette Rouge Peach Kernels, Powder of

Royal Tin&ure of Peach Bloflbms, Powder of Pearl, Eflence of Powder of .

Powder of Pear! of India Water Pafte, Chinefe

Spermaceti!

Pomatums, Duchefle French Flora Italian Common, hard and foft Scented . Pomade de Nerole Pomade de Grade Royal Pomatum for the Face Sweet Storax Pomatum Powders, A la Reine Aromatic Artois Bloom Devonlhire Black

Browa

Powders, Grey Orris Orleans

Pink Red,

Yellow Scented for the Face Chinefe Face Powder Royal Powder Sangwine’s Powder for the Teeth Shaving Powder Pulville, fo called Rhodium, fo called Eflence of Rofes, Eflence of Cream of

Vegetable Cream of Milk of Rofes, Odour of

. Liquid Bloom of Powder of

Pomatums	1

Savon, Royal Savonette, de Graffe Soap, Alicant Bath Cake Improved Jerufalem Joppa Italian Naples Perfumed Venice Sweet Briar, Eflence of Powder of Tihflures, for the Teeth

Greenough’s ditto Rufpini’s ditto Thyme, Eflence of Tuberofe, Eflence of Pomatum Water Violet, Eflence of Powder of Fargeon's Powder of Pomatums Water Wafh Balls, Grcaflian

Walh Balls,

Hosted by

Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GEOUpII III. C. 50.’

Wslh Balls, Chemical Italian Marble

Queen’s Marble Royal Cyprian Wafhes, Venetian Bloom Turkifh Waters, Perfumed Carmes

Waters, Cologne

Italian Hair Water Mifsin her Teens Suave

Sans Pareille V ento’s Italian W ater Wool, China India Spanifh

54$

SCHEDULE SECOND

To which this ACT refers:

Containing the names of certain wares and other articles liable to the duties by this a<S impofed, and which are allowed to be kept for fale in bulk, or other wife, without any (lamped cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto, until the time of actual fale thereof, if fuch cover, wrapper, or label (hall, at the time of fuch fale, be bona fide and without fraud affixed thereto in purfuance of this a£L

Almond Pafte

Powder Bears’ Greafe Cold Cream Italian fquare hard Soap Naples loft Soap

Perfumed and coloured Hair Powder, above the price of two (hillings per pound weight Rouge in pots Wafh Balls of all forts.

C A P. L.

An aft for the encouragement of the fouthern whale fifbery•

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage, by new and additional preamble.

premiums, the fijhery carried on by his Majejifs European fubjefts in the feas to the fouthward of the Greenland fees and Davis’s Streights, for the purpofe of taking whales and other creatures found in thofe feas: and ivhereas it is of importance that immediate effeft Jhould be given to fuch new and additional premiums, for which reafon it is neceffary to repeal the laws by which the prefent premiums are granted be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifteenth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, fo much of an a6t, paffed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the encou- PartofxjGeo. ragement of the fijheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, 3» c.315 and the Britifh dominions in Europe \ and for fecuring the return of the fijhermen, failors,and others, employed in the faid fijheries, to the ports thereof , at the end of the fijhing feafon, as relates to the whale fifhery carried on to the fouthward of the Greenland feas and fiaiiiJs Streights: and «lfo fb much of another apaffed in the yj ■-_*	O03	fifteenth/

Premiums granted for ten years to twenty (hips fitted out for the whale fifhefy from (Great Britain or Ireland.

546	Anno	vicefim^	(exto Georgh III. c. 50. [ 1786,

wd x6 Geo. fixteenth yefcr or the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An pealed.7* rC" fo? the further encouragement of the whale fijhery* carried on from Great Britain, and Ireland, and the Britifh dominions in Europe, and for regulating the fees to he taken by the officers of the cujloms in the iflandof Newfoundland, as relates to the faid whale N	fi(hery,	(hall	be,	and	are hereby, repealed, except fo far as re-

gards (hips or veflels, which may have been fitted and cleared out for the purpofe of carrying on fuch fifliery before the fit ft day of May, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-fix, under the encouragements given by the faid ads.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral premiums hereafter mentioned (hall be paid and allowed for ten years to twenty (hips or veflels employed in the (aid fi(hery, under the limitations and reftridions hereinafter exprefled; that is to fay. Every fuch (hip or veflel (hall appear by her regifter to be Britijh built, and (hall be fitted and cleared out from fome port of Great Britain or Ireland, or the iflands of Jerfey^ Guernfey> or Man, and fhall be wholly owned by his Majefty’s fubjeds ufually refiding in any of the dominions aforefaid, and navigated as hereinafter direded,

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

Particulars of That for fifteen of fuch (hips or veflels which (hall be fo fitted IfteenUftip8 anc* cleared °ut after the firft day of May, and before the firft firft fitted out, ^ay ot September > in the prefent year one thoufand feven h uncle.	dred and eighty-fix, and between the firft day of May and the

firft day of September in each fucceeding year, and (hall have failed to, the fouthward of the feventh degree of north latitude, and (hall there have bona fide carried on the faid fifhery, and fhall return before the firft day of July, in the year fubfequent to that in which they cleared out, to fome port of Great Britain, there (hall be paid and allowed five hundred pounds to each of the three fuch (hips or veflels which (hall fo fail and firft arrive; within the times herein-before mentioned, with the greateft quantity of oil or head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons in each of fuch (hips or veflels, and being the produce of one or more whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, taken and killed by the crews of every fuch (hip or veflel refpe&ively; and there (hall be paid and allowed four hundred pounds to each of the three fuch (hips or veflels, which (hall in like manner fail and firft arrive with the next greateft quantity of fuch oil or head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons in every fuch (hip or veflel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, fo taken as aforefaid ; and there (hall be paid and allowed three hundred pounds to each of the three fuch (hips or veflels, which lhall in like manner fail and firft arrive with the next greateft quantity of fuch oil or head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons in every fuch (hip or veflel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, fo taken as aforefaid} and there (hall be paid and al*

Hosted by Google

1786.] Annt) vicefimo fexto GeoRGH III. C.50.	547

lowed two hundred pounds to each of the three fuch (hips or veflels, which (hall in like manner fail and firft arrive with the next greateft quantity of fuch oil or head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons in every fuch (hip or veflel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living ir. the feas, fo taken as aforefaid; and there (hall be paid and allowed one hundred pounds to each of the three fuch (hips or veflels which (hall in like, manner fail and firft arrive with the next greateft quantity of fuch oil or head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons in every fuch (hip or veflel, and being the produce of any whale, or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, fo taken as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Particulars of for five other of fuch (hips or veflels, which (hall be fitted and premiums for cleared out, and (hall fail within the times herein-before men- [aft fitted ou(. tinned, and proceed to the fouthward of the thirty-fixth degree of fouth latitude, and (hall there .bona fide carry on the faid fifhery, and (hall return in not lefs than eighteen months, and not more than twenty-eight months, from the firft day of Mayf in the year in which they clear out, to fome port-in Great Britain, there (hall be paid and allowed feven hundred pounds to the firft of fuch (hips or veflels which (hall fo fail and firft arrive, within the times herein-before laft mentioned, with the greateft quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, and taken and killed by the crew of fuch (hip or veflel; and there (hall be paid and allowed fix hundred pounds to the fe-cond of fuch (hips or veflels which (hall fo fail and firft arrive, within the times herein-before laft mentioned, with the next greateft quantity of oil and head matter taken together, and being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, fo taken as aforefaid; and there (hall be paid and allowed five hundred pounds to the third of fuch (hips or veflels which (hairfo fail and firft arrive, within the .times herein-before laft mentioned, with the next greateft quantity of oil and head matter taken together, and being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, fo taken as aforefaid ; and there (hall be paid and allowed four hundred pounds to the fourth of fuch (hips or veflels which (hall fo fail and firft arrive, within the times herein-before laft mentioned, with the next greateft quantity of oil and head matter taken together, and being not lefs ip the whole than twenty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, fo taken as aforefaid; and there (hall be paid and allowed three hundred pounds to the fifth of fuch (hips or veflels which (hall fo fail and firft arrive, within the times herein-before laft mentioned, with the next greateft quantity of oil and head matter

O04	taken

The matter and three

fourths of the crew mutt beBritilh lub-je&s, or foreign protef-tants intending to efta-t>lifh them-felvesin Great Britain.

No premium lhall be paid, unlefs there is on board an apprentice for three years, for every 50 tons burthen 2

Nor unlefs a log book

utt> vkiefitAo fetto GboRGii HI. c. 50.	[ 1786.

taken together, arid being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, fo taken as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That every foch (hip or veflel fhall be navigated by perfons, of whom the mafter and at leaft three fourths of the mariners are his Majefty's fubjedts ufuaily redding in Gnat Britain, Ireland, Guernfiy, Jerfey, or Man •, or if fuch (hip or veflel (hall clear out from any port of Great Britain, then that* fuch (hip or veflel may be navigated by perfons being proteftants, and who, not being fubjedts of his Majefly, have been heretofore employed in carrying on the faid fiftiery, and who (hall, at the time of clearing out of every (hip or veflel on board of which they (hall ferve refpedfively, make oath, or, being a quaker, (hall make affirmation, before two or more of the principal officers of the cuftoms, of which the colledtor is to be one, at the port where fuch (hip or veflel (hall fo clear out, (which oath or affirmation they are hereby-authorized and required to adminifter), if it is their firft voyage from any port of Great Britain that they have already eftabli(hed, or that it is their intention to eftablifti them* felves and their families in Great Britain, as inhabitants thereof, and fubjedts of his Majefty; and if it (hall be their fecond, or any fubfequerit voyage, that they actually have eftabliftied themfelves and their families in Great Britain as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no premium granted by this adt (hall be paid or allowed to any perfon or perfons whatever, for or on account of any (hip or veflel employed in the aforefaid fiftiery, unlefs fuch (hip or veflel (hall have on board an apprentice indentured for the fpace of three years, at the lead, for every fifty tons burthen of fuch (hiporveflel by admeafurement, every fuch apprentice not exceeding the age of eighteen years, nor being under fourteen years, at the time he (hall be (b indentured, and having proceeded on and continued the whole of the voyage both out and-home for which any fuch premium (hall be claimed, unlefs fuch apprentice died or deferted in the courfe of the voyage; which fadts (hall and are hereby required to be verified by the oath of (he mafter, the mate, and two of the mariners belonging to fuch (hip or veflel, taken before two or more of the principal officers of the cuftoms, at the port to which fuch (hip or veflel (hall return from the faid fiftiery, (of which the colleger is to be one), which oath they are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter $ and in confirmation a!fo thereof, the proper officers of the cuftoms belonging to the port to which fuch (hips or veflels (hall refpedHvely return, (hall1, immediately after their return from fuch voyage refpedHvely, vifit every' fuch (hip or veflel, and mufter the crew, and having fatisfied themselves therein, (hall certify the fame to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedtively.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid4. That no premium granted by this adt (hall be paid or alb wed

'	*	pf

Hosted by Google

Atmo vicefimo fkxta GeoSOIi III; c. 50*	549

to any perfon or perfons whatever, on account of any (hip or fhall have veffel employed in the faid fifhery, unlefs a log book (hall have been regularly been regularly kept on board fuch fhip or veffel, in which log book	deli-

the various fituations and occurrences, refpe&ing fuch (hip or vered to the veffel, during the whole courfe of the voyage', (hall be inferted collector ot every day, and particularly the times when fuch (hip or veffel (hall the cuftoms have been in fight of land, diftinguilhingwhat land, and the bear-	e oa

ings thereof, and the fuppofed diftances therefrom, and the foundings; and alfo the time when and the latitude in which any whale, or other creature living in the fea, (hall have been killed, taken, or caught by the crew of fuch (hip or veffel; which log book, fo to be kept as aforefaid, (hall be delivered by the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch fliip or veffel, at the time* of his making a report of fuch (hip or veffel, to the collector of the cuftoms at any port in Great Britain? where fuch fhip or veffel (hall arrive, on her. return from the faid fifliery, for his infpe&ion and examination; and the faid mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or, command of fuch (hip or veffel, together with the mate thereof,

(hall jointly and feverally verify on oath the contents of fuch logbook before fuch collector, who is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame '	.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That in cafe any fuch (hip or veffel (hall, in the courfe of her The log book voyage, meet or fall in with any of his Majefty’s (hips or veffels t° be produc-©f war, the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge t^n of or command of her, (hall and is hereby required to produce to of war the captain, or other officer commanding fuch fhip or veffel of that may be war, the faid log book, fo to be kept as aforefaid; and fuch cap- met at fea, tain or commanding officer fhall, and is hereby required to ^ke^th *r i make a memorandum in fuch log book of the day on which it ^memoran-1* was fo produced to him, and fhall fubferibe his name to fuch dum of the memorandum, and (hall alfo make an entry in the log book of produaion; the faid fhip or veffel of war, of the name and defeription of *nto lhf the fhip or veffel on board of which the log book of fuch fliip atnany or veffel, fo produced to and figned by him, was kept; and in port, for the cafe fuch (hip or veflei, on board of which a log book is re- likepurpofe. quired to be kept as aforefaid, (hall put into any foreign port, where there is or (hall be a Britijk conful, or other chief Bri-tijb officer, the mafter, or otlier perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, (hall and is hereby required to produce fuch log book to fuch Britijh conful, or other chief Britijb officer, who fhall and is hereby required alfo to make a memorandum therein of the day on which it was fo produced to him, and fhall, in like manner, fubferibe the fame,

IX,	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That the mafter, mare* and two of the mariners belonging to Oath to be every fuch fhip or veffel, (hall and are hereby required, upon the macJe that the importation into Great Britain of any oil or head matter as be- ^oduce of6 ing taken on the fifhery aforefaid, to declare upon oath, before creatures kil-two or more of the principal officers of the euftoms at the ports led by the ?.•	>	of	(hip’s crew.

Hosted by Google

Verfons tak* ing part of the Cargo of other veflels for the pur-pofe of ob-

55°	Anno	viccfimo	fcxto Georgii III. c. 50.	[1786.

of their arrival refpe£tive!y, of which the colle&or ihall be one (which oath they arc hereby autfeorifed arid required toadmi-nifter,) from what port* and the time when, fueh (hip or veffel cleared out, and that all fuch oil or head matter, fo imported, is the produce of one or more whale or whales, or otiier creatures living in the fea$, aCiually and bona fide taken and killed by the crew of fuch (hip or veffel only, at the times, and in the latitudes refpe&ively mentioned and fet down in the log book fo to be kept as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further efta<Eted by the authority aforefaid* That in cafe the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any (hip or veffel whatever, fitted out as aforefaid, for the purpofe of obtaining fome one or other of the premiums, granted by this a£t, (hall knowingly receive or permit, or fuffer to be received on board fuch ttiip or veffel, for the pur-tainingapre- pofe of obtaining any one of the faid premiums, any oil, head «odmone Clt mat*er> or any other produce whatever of any whale or whales, moiety to the or other fi(h or creatures living in the fea, which whale or informer, if * whales, or other creatures living in the fea, (hall not have been information really and bona fide caught and taken by the crew of fuch (hip monttfafte/ or vc^ only, (uch matter* or other perfon having or taking the report at the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, (hall forfeit the fum cuftom-houfe. of five hundred pounds; one moiety of which fum (hall on recovery thereof, be paid to the perfon or perfons difeovering the fame, provided fuch perfon or perfons (hall give information of the offence within one month after fuch matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, (hall have reported his lhip or veffel at the cuftom-houfe at the port to which fuch (hip or veffel (hall return from the faid filhery; which mailer, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, is hereby required to make fuch report in the ufual time, and in the manner in which all trading (hips or veffels are reported before the proper officers of the cuftoms; and the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veffeKhall, and is and are hereby authorifed and required, in cafe, at the time fuch information (hall be given, any fum or anylftim9^ue fums of money (hall be due from him or them to fuch matter, to matter* to or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, to keep and detain fuch fum or fums of money, and to pay the fame (towards difeharging the faid penalty) to the collector or other principal officer of the cuftoms at fuch port to which fuch (hip or veffel (hall fo return from fuch fifhery; and if fuch owner or owners (hall pay any fum or fums of money to, or (hall otherwife account for, fuch fum or fums of money with any matter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any fuch (hip or veffel, before the expiration of one month after the report (hall have been fo made at the cuttom-houfe as aforefaid, and fuch matter or other perfon (hall be liable to the penalty aforefaid, fuch owner or owners (hall make good fuch fum or fums of money fo paid, or otherwife accounted for, and (hall pay the fame towards

difeharging

When information has been given, owners to pay

the collectors of the cuf-toms; and if paid other-wife, (hall be accountable for theiarae.

Hosted by

Google

/

1786.] Anno yidefimo fexto Georgii III. C. 50.	551

difcharging the aforefard penalty into the hands of the collector, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, in manner before directed.

, XL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any whale or whales, or other creatures living in Produce of the fea, (hall be caught or taken in any part of the ocean, to whales caught the northward of the feventh degree of north latitude, by t^iinr?arilcular crew of any of the fifteen (hips or veflels, to which premiunSf^J voyageto are given in manner before mentioned, or to the northward of be deemed the thirty-fixth degree of fouth latitude, by the crew of arfy of part of the the five (hips or veflels, to which other premiums are alfo given,	cn'"

in manner before mentioned, either on the voyage out or re-turn home* of any fuch (hip or veflel, the oil or head matter F produced from fuch whale or whales, or other creatures fo caught or taken, (hall be accounted, and confidered and taken to be part of the quantity of oil and head matter required to be taken and imported as aforefaid, to entitle the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel to fome one of the premiums herein-before granted; provided it (hall appear by the log book of fuch (hip or veflel, fo kept as aforefaid, that fuch (hip or veflel hath actually failed beyond, and been bona fide employed in the fishery, either to the fouthward of the feventh degree of north latitude, or to the fouthward of thirty-fix degrees of fouth latitude, as the cafe may be.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any (hip or veflel (hall have been fitted out on the Ships fitted aforefaid filhery, under the rules and reftri&ions contained in ou\ UJ^eJi the before recited adfcs, made and pafled in the fifteenth and 1 ^Gto fixteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and (hall 3f which (ail-* have fet fail upon a voyage for fuch fifhery, after the firft day of ed between January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and be- Jan. 1, and fore the faid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and ^tftled^o # eighty-fix, and (hall in all refpedts conform to the feveral and premiums, refpedive rules, regulations, and reftri&ions in and by the faid recited adts directed and required, the owner or owners of every fuch (hip or veflel (hall be allowed and entitled to fuch one or other of the aforefaid premiums, granted by this a<5t to the fifteen (hips or veflels herein-before mentioned, as fuch owner or owners would be entitled to if fuch (hip or veflel had been fitted out, and had failed after the faid firfl: day of May, and before the faid firft day of September> one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, in conformity to the regulations of this acft; and every fuch (hip or veflel (hall be accounted as one in the number of the (hips or veflels to which the fifteen premiums hereinbefore mentioned are granted.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe all and every the feveral rules, regulations, and Commiflicm-reftri&ions, prefcribed and directed by this a<5t, (hall have bee*n ers of the cuf-obferved and fully complied with, it (hall and may be lawful *om8 may or* for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England, or oFthe pTe** any four QX fliofe of them, and tfip contqfiffioners of his Ma- miume.

jefty’s

Hosted by Google

ted t6 foil to the eaft of Good Hope, &<s.

Reftri£y>n$in their courfe.

Afino vkefimp fcxto Georgii III. c. 50. [1786.

jefly’s euftoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them, fo ord^r the receiver general of his Majefty’s euftoms \n England and Scotland refpedtively, to pay out of any money in his hands, arifing by any duties under their management, to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be legally intitled thereto, any of the premiums herein**before granted.

XIV.	And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid,

^at lt anc* maY	f°r	any	ddp or veffeij employ-

**A ** <’“l ed in carrying on the faid fouthera whale fiftiery, to fail and pafs for that purpofe to the eaftward of the Cape of Good Hope, and to the weftward of Cape Horn, or through the Streights of Magellan \ any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwith- * {landing.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That any {hip or veffel failing to the eaftward of the Cape of Good Hope, for the purpofe aforefaid, (hall not fail or pafs to the north*-ward of thirty degrees of fouth latitude, nor make more than fifteen degrees of eaft longitude from the faid Cape of Good Hope; and that any fhip or veffel fo failing or palling to the weftward of Cape Horrid or through the Streights of Magellan, for the purpofe aforefaid, (hall not pafs to the northward of the equinoctial line, nor make more than fifty degrees of weft longitude from Capt Horn.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That every (hip or veffel employed in the faid fifhery, and intending to fail or pafs to the eaftward of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the weft-ward oi Cape Horny or through the Streights of Magellan, {hall* before (he thall proceed on her voyage, be obliged to take a licence for each refpe&ive voyage, from the court of directors of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, for the time being, in the name and under the leal of the faid company, fpecifying which of the faid voyages fuch (hip (hall be licenfed to perform, and fuch licence (hall be va-

Conditions on lid and effectual only for the voyage therein expreffed; and the which luch H- faid court of directors (hall not be required to grant any licence

tT^ranted l° to Pa^s to ^ eaftward °f the Cape of Good Hope, to more than egran t . ten Qxips or veffels in any one year or feafon, nor to grant any licence to any (hip or veffel to fail or pafs to the eaftward of the Cape of Good Hope, unlefs the perfon or perfons applying for, or demanding fuch licence, (hall deliver to the faid court of directors a manifeft or certificate under the hand of the collector or comptroller, or other chief officer of the euftoms belonging to the port or place from whence fuch (hip or veffel is intended to clear out and fail, verified by the oath of the owner or own* ers, or the mafter of fuch (hip or veffel, taken before and atteft* ed by any magiftrate, or other perfon authorifed by law to take affidavits, fpecifying the names and places of abode of the owner or owners, and mafter of the faid (hip, and alfo the fpe*

1	ties,	quantity, quality, and value of all goods then on board of

fuch (hip or veffel, and of all goods (if any) intended to be afterwards taken into, or on board of thef fame, before her de^

parturo

Ships failing to the Eaft of Good Hope, &c. to take a licence from the India company.

Hosted by Google

I7&&] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III; C. 50:

parture outwards; and alfo unlefs it (hall, by fuch manifeft or certificate, appear unto the faid court of directors, that no goods or merchandizes whatever (fave and except the {lores of fuch fhip or veflel, and the tackle, materials, and other things necef-fary for the purpofe of the voyage) are taken, or intended to be taken into or on board of fuch fliip or veflel.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any (hip or veflel Ships failing to be employed in the faid fouthern whale fifhery, to the eafl> out of their ward of the Cape of Good Hope, or the weftward of Cape Horn, jl^^^proper" fhall proceed or go beyond the limits herein-before fpecified or merchandize exprefled, unlefs driven or forced beyond the fame by ftrefs of on board, weather, or other inevitable accident, or being fo driven or liable to the forced, {hall not return back within the limits herein-before {^dh^^the prefcribed, with as much convenient fpeed as the fafety of the EafMndies {hip or other circumftances will admit; or if any {hip or veflel without li-fliall depart from any port or place without having firft obtain- cence.

ed fuch licenfe as aforefaid, and {hall go or be found beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or beyond the Streigbts of Magellan, or in any other place within the limits of the faid company’s ex-clufive trade; or if any fhip or veflel, being fo licenfed to proceed to the fiftier.y beyond the Cape of Good Hope, {hall have on board, or (hall take on board before her return, any manu-fadlures, goods, or merchandize, other than and except fuch as (hall have been fpecified and defcribed in and by fuch mani-feft or certificate, and other than and except the oil, head matter, or bone of whales, or other fifti or creatures caught or taken in carrying on the faid fiihery; every fuch (hip or veflel, and the goods, merchandizes, and effe&s on board the fame, and the owner and owners, mafler and crew thereof, {hall be deemed and taken, to all intents and purpofes, to be fubjedt fo the feveral provifions, regulations, penalties and forfeitures, by any adt or adls, made or impofed upon any perfon or perfons, or their {hips, veflels, goods, merchandizes, and effedis, who fhall repair, fail, adventure, or go to, or traffick, trade, or be found in the Eaft Indies, or other place or places within the limits of the faid united company’s exclufive trade, without licence having been firft obtained from the faid company; and the offenders {hall and may be fued and profecuted, and the penalties and forfeitures incurred {hall and may be recovered in any court of juftice in Great Britain, or in the Eajl Indies wherein fuits may be inftituted and brought for offences com-• mitted againft the faid adls, or any of them.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That within thirty days next after the return of any fhip or Certificates to veflel from a fifhing voyage from the eaftward of the Cape ofbe delivered Good Hopei the mafter of fuch (hip or veflel fhall deliver, or tary of th<T~ caufe to be delivered, to the fecretary of the faid united com- Eaft India pany, for the ufe of the faid court of diredlors, a certificate un- company, der the haqd of the colledtor or comptroller, or other chief of- ^hat uo pro-ficer of the cuftoms belonging to the port or place where the p^Indie^ faid {hip or veflel fhall arrive, verified by the oath of the find has been iat*

piafter.

Hosted by

Google

554	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii	III.	C.	56. [1786*

ported, to en- matter* taken before and attefted by any magiftrate or other title toapre- perfon authorifed bylaw to take affidavits, that no goods, or mmm. merchandizes whatever of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any place or places in the Eajt Indies, China, or elfewhere between the Cape of Good Hope, and the Streights of Magellan, except'oil, head matter, or bone of whales or other fifti, have been taken On board fuch (hip or veflel during the faid voyage; but in cafe any fuch goods and merchandizes (hall have been taken on board the faid (hip or veflel during the faid voyage, then the faid certificate (hall fpecify the fpecies, quantity, quality, and value of all fuch goods and merchandizes, and the caufe or reafon of taking the fame on board; and the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel (hall not be entitled to any bounty * under the authority of this aft, until fuch certificate as afore-faid (hall have been delivered to the faid fecretary, and fuch delivery (hall have been proved by a production of his receipt for the fame.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority afore-

Ships failing faid, That every (hip or veflel intending to navigate within, or within the H- frequent any part of the feas comprized in the boundaries of South Sea6	exclufive	trade of the South Sea company, as deferibed in

company, and by an aft: of the ninth of her late majefty Queen Anne, muft have li- (hall, before (he (hall proceed on every fuch voyage, be obliged ccnce from	to take a licence for fuch voyage from the governor and com-

e company. pany 0f merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seasr and other parts of America^ and for encouraging thefifhery; and every veflel navigating fuch feas, without fuch licence, (hall be liable to fuch forfeitures and penalties as are created and enafted by the faid aft; any thing in this aft to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

XX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. No (hip en- That no (hip or veflel whatever (hall be entitled, within or titled to more during the periods of time refpeftively limited by this aft for than one pre- fuch (hip 0r veflel to fail on and to return from fuch voyage, to femefealbn. more t^ian one the premiums hereby granted, although fuch

(hip or veflel (hall make two voyages within any one of the periods aforefaid.

XXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

If water be	That upon the return of every (hip or veflel from the fifheries

mixed with	aforefaid, in which (hip or veflel any oil or head matter (hall be

inf orted °it ^mPorte^5 and on account of which importation any of the pre-ftaH°be for- nriums herein-before granted (hall be claimed or demanded, in feited, as well cafe there (hall be any reafon to fufpeft that fuch oil or head as the claim matter is mixed with water, or any other material or materials, to premium,	jn orcjer to increafe the quantity thereof, it (hall and may be

lawful to and for the colleftor, or other principal officer or officers of the cuftoms, at the port to which fuch (hip or veflel (hall fo return, to nominate, and appoint, and fuch colleftor, or other principal officer or officers, is and are hereby required to nominate and appoint one or more (as the cafe may require) (kilful perfon or perfons to examine fuch oil or head matter, for

th$

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefitno fexto GeorgII III, C.50*	$55

the purpofe of afcertaining whether fuch oil or head matter has been mixed with any water, or any other material or materials whatever (other than oil or head matter fo taken as aforefaid), whereby the quantity of fuch oil or head matter is increafed ; and if it (hall appear, upon fuch examination, that there has been mixed with fuch oil or head matter any water, or any other material whatever, whereby the quantity of fuch oil or head matter is increafed, the owner or owners (hall not be intitled to any of the premiums granted by this ad; and over and above the lofs of the premium, fuch oil or head matter, fo mixed as aforefaid, (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of his Majefty's cuf-4oms; and if any difpute (hall arife whether there hath been In cafe of mixed with fuch oil or head matter any water, or any other difpute, the material or materials whatever, not being oil or head matter fo OV7nertj£ ^ taken as aforefaid, whereby the quantity of fuch oil or head rUyVof the^U matter is increafed, then, and in fuch cafe, the proof thereof (hall lie on the owner or claimer of fuch oil or head matter, or on the perfon or perfons claiming the premium on account of the importation of fuch oil or head matter, and not on the officer who (hall feize or profecute the fame.

XXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, /

That before any of the premiums granted by this ad (hall be Quantity unpaid or allowed to any perfon or perfons whatever, the exad ported to be quantity of oil and head matter taken together, imported in ^officer fuch (hip or veflel, (hall be truly afcertained by the proper offi- 0f the cuf-cer or officers of the cuftoms, and fuch quantity (hall be certi-i toms, &c. be-fied by them to the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England fofe Pre" and Scotland refpedively.	Mid?18 ***

XXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, p

That all oil, head matter, or other produce of fi(h or creatures Oil, See. may living in the feas, caught and taken in the manner and under the regulations and reftridions required by this ad, as alfo all	,pf

fins of whales, and (kins of feals, fo caught and taken, and that all oil, head matter, or other produce of whales, or other creatures living in the feas, fins of whales, and (kins of feals, taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any (hip or veflel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey,

Jerfey* or Man, wholly owned by his Majefty’s fubjeds, ufually redding therein refpedively, and navigated in manner aforefaid, (hall, upon importation into Great Britain, be admitted to entry, and landed without payment of any cuftom or duty whatever.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Foreigners That if any perfon or perfons who, not being fubjeds of his felled m Majefty,‘have been heretofore employed in carrying on the faid ^hcff^1a^Htal^, fi(hery, and who (hall have eftabliftied themfelves and their fa- have carried milies in Great Britain, for the purpofe of carrying on the faid on the filhery* filhery, in manner before-mentioned, and who (hall fo have 5 years, natu-carried on the faid filhery, and imported the produce thereof the into Great Britain, for and during the fpace of five years fuc- oath

ceffively \ giance.

Hosted by Google

5*55*'	Anno	vkelimo lesrto Georgii HI. c. 50. £1786.

ceffivcly; all which fads (hall be afccrtained by a certificate or certificates from the proper officer or officers of his Majefty?s cuftoms; (hall, upon taking the oath of allegiance to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in one of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfter or Edinburgh, or at the general or quarter feflions of the peace where he or they refide, be coniidered, deemed, and taken to be his Majefty’s natural-born fubjed or fubjeds, and be intitled to all the privileges and advantages of his Majefty’s natural-born fubjeds 3 which oath fo taken as aforefaid fhall be enrolled by the court wherein the fame (hall be taken, and the record of fuch enrolment* or a copy thereof, properly authenticated, (hall be admitted and taken in all cafes as evidence of the fad, on the part of fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid.

XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. No harpooner That no harpooner, line manager, or boat fteerer, belonging to preffed?- any (hip or veflel, fitted out on the aforefaid fifliery, (Hall be p * imprefled from the faid fervice, but (hall be, and is hereby privileged and exempt from being imprefled, fo long as he (hall belong to, and be employed on board any (hip or veflel whatever in the fi(hery aforefaid. rt, .	XXVI,	And	be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

Skips belong- That if any perfon or perfons, being proteftants, and not being ingttCftf0teign fakje<^s °f his Majefty, who have been heretofore employed in whomay** carrying on the whale fifliery, and being the owner or owners come to re- of any (hip or veflel, and intending to refider, together with fide in Great their families, in this kingdom, for the purpofe of continuing Britain, &c. to carry on fuch fifliery from thence, (hall, on or before the twenty.fifth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, come into this kingdom, together with his or their family or families, and fhall bring any (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels, built before the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, to Great Britain, the number of fuch (hips or veflels, not exceeding forty in the whole manned with any number of feamen or fifliermen not lefs than twelve, having been heretofore employed in carrying on the faid fifliery in every fuch (hip or veflel, and it fhall be made appear to the fa-tisfa&ion of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpe&ively, by the oaths (or affirmations if quakers) of fuch owners refpe&ively, (which oaths or affirmations the faid commiflioners are hereby rcfpe&ively authorized and impowered to adminifter), and by other means that he or they, together with his or their family or families, (if any they fhall have), are then actually refident in Great Britain, and that twelve fuch feamen or fiftiermen at the lead are brought intp Great Britain in every fuch fliip or veflel, and the fame (hall be certified, by the faid commiflioners in England and Scotland refpec-tively, to his Majefty, it (hall and may be lawful for his Mat-* jefty, his heirs and fucceflors, by and with the advice of his privy council* if he fhall fee juft caufe fo to do, to grant to the owner or owners of every fuch (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels,

e	not

before June *5>1787*to belicenfed^ but not entitled to premiums.

Hosted by

Google

I ;&6. j	Ariho vicefimo fexto GfioRGii 111.' c. £0,	$0

fiot exceeding in the whole forty in number, a licence or Jicen* ces to fit out any fitch (hip or veflel* for the foie purpofe of carrying on the faid whale fifliery from Great Britain, and to em-» ploy fuch (hip or veflel in carrying on the fame; and every fuch (hip or veflel (hall, from and after the granting of fuch licence as aforefaid, during the continuance of fuch licence, enjoy all the privileges, and advantages which now by law belong, or may at any time hereafter belong, to any Britijb (hip or veflel employed in the faid fifliery (except the premiums herein-before granted); and (hall be allowed to import oil, and all other produce of the whale fifliery, fubjedt to the regulations and provifions hereinbefore contained, and free from all duties or imports; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVII. And be it further enadled by the authority afore-faid. That if any fuch (hip or veflel, fo licenfed as aforefaid, *n c^e the (hall have been employed by fuch owner or owners as aforefaid, in carrying on the whale fifliery from Great Britain, or (hall be whofe family-Continued in carrying on fuch fifliery, in cafe of his or their de- had been red-ceafe, during five fucceflive feafons, and it (hall be made appear* dent 5 years to the fatisfadlion of the commiflioners of his Majefty Ycuftoms employed the in England and Scotland refpediveljf* by a certificate or certifi- ji^e term in cates, under the hands of the minifter and churchwardens of the fifliery. the refpe&ive parishes in which the owner or owners of every Licence to be fuch (hip or veflel (hall have refided, and by other ProPer f Brftlfti fcip * means, that he or they, or his or their family or {families.,- have	*

been refident in fuch parifties refpedlively for the fpace of five years fucceflively, and the fame (hall be certified by the faid commiflioners refpe&ively to hi§. Majefly; then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, by and with the advice of his privy council* to.authorise fuch owner or owners to regirter every fuch (hip or veflel as (hall have been fo brought into this kingdom, and employed as aforefaid in the whale fifhery from thence for five fucceflive fea~-fons, by virtue of fuch licence as aforefaid, in like manner as if the fame were a Britijh fhip, owned by BrilijhS\xtyz€Xsy and navigated according to law • and every fuch owner or owners (hall alfo, from thenceforth, in refped of every fuch (hip or veflel* be intitled to all fuch bounties as are herein-before granted to Britijh (hips and veflels employed in carrying on the faid fifliery; and they, and each of them, (hall have and enjoy the rights, privileges* and advantages of natural-born fubje<rts of Great Britain, in like manner, and fubjedt to the like difabilities, as the fame may be granted to aliens by fpecial a Sts of parliament.	'

XXVIII.	Provided always, That all and every owner or Owner of owners of every fuch (hip or veflel* before he or they (hail be thePoatIi admitted to regirter any fuch (hip or veflel, (hall take and fub- 0f allegiance, feribe the oath of allegiance to his Majefty* his heirs and fuc-	*

ceflors, in one of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler or Edwburgh* or at the general or quarter feflions of the peace holden in the place where he or they relide; which oath (hall Voi,, XXXV.	Pp	be

Hosted by Google

558	Anno	vicefxmo fexto GfioRGii HI. c. gu [178&

be inrolled fey the court wherein the fame (hall be taken and* fubfcribed, on payment of the like fum or fums to the officer or officers of fuch court for entering the fame* as are or (hall be payable by law on the entry of fuch oath in the courts aforefaid, in any cafe where the fame is by law required,

XXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-

Perfomgrant. laid. That if any perfon or perfons whatever (hall knowingly faUe°certifi-	or grant any falfe certificate or certificates for any of the

cates, forfeit purpofes required or directed by this aft, fuch perfon or perfons 500!.	(hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, and be rendered

incapable of ferving his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, in any office whatever: and if any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit, erafe, alter, or falfify any certificate or certificates required by this aft, or (hall knowingly or willingly make ufe of any falle certificate or certificates, or of any certificate or certificates fo counterfeited, erafed, altered, or falfified, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds; and every fuch certificate or certificates (hall be invalid and of no effeftv

XXX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-areTobea ^ That one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures inflicted propriatedf* by this aft (except in fuch cafes where other directions are given by this aft), (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms as (hall fue or profecute for the fame in any of his Ma-jefiy’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpeftively, where the offence (hall be committed.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, by the authority afore-faid. That if any aftion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons whatever, for any thing done in purfuance of

. this aft, the defendant or defendants, in fuch aftion or fuit, may General iffue. plead the general iffue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by the authority of this aft: and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or (hall difcontinue his aftion, after the defendant or defendants bath or have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdift or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or de-Treble colls# fendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as defendants have in other cafes by law#

C A P. LI.

An aH for letter fecuring the duties on Jlarchy and for preventing frauds on the jaid duties•

Preamble.	fiEREAS,	notwithftanding	the	many	laws made for ficur-

VV ingthe duties on Jlarch^ and for protesting the fair trader, many gtofs frauds are fill frequently praftifed by various perfons, to the great lofs of the revenue, and the iyury of the fair trader; for

remedy

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vlcefimd fexto GeoRGii III. C.$tI	£59

remedy thereof \ be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the From June44* twenty-fourth day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and ^?5hn°tlCC eighty-fix, before any darch (hall be put into the dove or any ofathe jn^e.n other place to dry, (except for cruding), all fuch darch {hall be tion to paper put or. wrapped in papers, and fhall be tied in manner herein- ftarch for dry-^fter direfted ; and that when any darch-maker (hall be defirous ing, and of the of papering darch for drying, he, die, or they, fhall give to thequan 1 officer for the duties on darch, of the divifion or didrift where liis, her, or their darch*houfe is fituated, twelve hours notice in writing, if fuch darch-houfe (hall be fituated within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, or if fuch darch-houfe fhall be fituated in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice in writing, of the particular time and hour when he, (he, or they, intend to begin to paper his, her, or their darch for drying, and {hall in fuch notice exprefs the number of pieces intended to be papered, and into what particular dove or other drying-place fuch pieces are intended to be put to dry; and in C3fe fuch darch-maker (hall not begin to paper his, her, or their darch at the time and hour mentioned in fuch notice. Starch (hall bo or within one hour next after, then every fuch notice {hall bebe£un *obe void, and fuch darch-maker (hallbe obliged to give a frelh and j5*-a^houraU like notice in writing before he, (he, or they (hall begin to paper ter the time ' his, her, or their darch ; and when any fuch maker or makers expreffed in of darch (hall begin to paper fuch darch, he, die, or they (hall the notice, proceed and continue to paper the fame until all the pieces of darch mentioned in fuch notice (hall be papered.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefald,

That every maker of darch diall caufe every piece of darch, Every paper

when papered, to be tied with drings eroding each Other on that of darch fhall

fide of the piece where the ends of the paper (hall be folded* thereon! C

and (hall caufe to be drongly affixed or paded, with warm pafte ftamped’bythe

made with glue, on every piece of darch fo papered and tied, a officer, on pc^

label, or piece of thin paper, three inches long and three inches nalty l00\*

broad at the lead, of a different colour from the paper in which

the darch (hall be wrapped; that is to fay. If the darch (hall bs

wrapped in blue or brown paper, the faid label or piece of thin

paper (hall be white; and if the darch (hall be wrapped in white

paper, fuch label or piece of thin paper (hall be blue; and fuch

label or piece of thin paper (hall be affixed on that fide of the

piece of darch where the ends of the paper (hall be folded, and

in fuch manner as to prevent the opening of the faid paper of

(larch without tearing the faid label or piece of thin paper; and

the officer of the duties on (larch for the divifion or didrift

where fuch darch-houfe (hall be fituated, (hall attend and fee

fuch darch papered and tied in manner aforefaid, and fuch label

or piece of thin paper affixed on every piece of fuch darch, and

(hall take an account of every piece of fuch darch ; and fuch

officer (hall caufe ev^ry piece of darch fo papeFed as^ aforefaid to

P P Z

Hosted by Google

Every parcel, &c. of ftarch found un-ftampt, to be forfeited, and the owner fined acoh

560	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	GeorgiI	III.	c.	51.	[1786*

be (tamped or fealed upon fuch label or piece of thin paper aforefaid, with fuch (tamp or feal as (hall be provided by the commif-fioners for the duties on ftarch in England and Scotland refpe&r ively for that purpofe, before any fuch piece of ftarch (hall be put into the ftove to dry ; and if any ftarch-maker (hall begin to paper his, her, or their ftarch without giving fuch notice as aforefaid, or having given fuch notice, and begun to paper his, her, or their ftarch as aforefaid, ftiali not proceed and continue to paper fuch ftarch in manner aforefaid, or (hall not caufe the fame to be tied in manner aforefaid, and fuch labels or pieces of thin paper to be affixed thereon, as aforefaid, every ftarch-maker fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, if any piece or pieces of ftarch papered, nor being (lamped in manner aforefaid, or any piece or pieces of ftarch not papered, or loofe ftarcb, or (crap-ings of ftarch, (hall be found in any ftove or other place for drying belonging to any ftarch-maker, (whether fuch place (haft be an entered place or not an entered place), all fuch ftarch papered and not damped, or not papered, or loofe ftarch, or fcrapings of ftarch, (hall be forfeited, and the ftarch-maker, in whofe po£-fefiion fuch undamped ftarch, loofe ftarch, or fcrapings, (hall be found, (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds : provided, that nothing herein contained (hall extend to pieces of ftarch put into the ftove for crufting only before the fame (hall be fcraped.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the commiflioners for the duties on ftarch in England and

ciu icaiu uu- §c°tiand refpe&ively, (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fourth ‘ tributVproper day °f June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, pro-ftamps, to be vide proper (lamps or feals for (lamping or fealing the papers, containing all pieces of (larch which (hall be made and papered in England and Scotland refpedlively, and by this act dire<5led to be (lamped or fealed, and fhall caufe fuch (lamps or feals to be diftributed to the refpeclive officers for the purpofe before mentioned; which officers are hereby enjoined and required in ufing the fame, to do no hurt or damage, or the lead damage* that may be, to the ftarch or paper containing the fame to be fo (lamped or fealed, which (lamps or feals (hall and may, from time to time, be varied or altered as often as the faid refpedlive commiflioners (hall think fit to alter the fame.

V.	And, for the better preventing or difcovering any frauds that may be attempted by J,hipping ftarch for exportation, in order to obtain a drawback of the duties thereupon, and afterwards relanding the fame to be confumed in Great Britain, be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That when any ftarch-maker, or dealer in ftarch, who (hall have paid all his Majefly’s duties upon any

^ ______ quantity of ftarch, or (hall have bought, or (hall be lawfully en-

cap774. every titled to any quantity of ftarch from the perfon or perfons who

actually

Commifiion-Crs for ftarch duties to dif-

affixed without doing damage to the ftarch.

After notice given agreeable to adt 15 Geo. 3.

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno viceflmo fexto GeoRGII III. C.$ t.	56r

actually paid the faid duties thereupon, (hall intend to export paper of any fuch fiardi, and (hall have given fuch notice of packing up torch for the fame, in order to be exported, to the officer appointed for tohTvea°pro-that purpofe, as is required by an ad, pafled in the laft feffion of per label put parliament, intituled, An aft for repealing the dutyimpofed on tea by thereon by the an aft paffied in the laft feffion ofparliament, and for granting other officer. duties in lieu thereof; for repealing fo much of fever al afts as relates to the removal of tea; for direfting the officers of excife to examine and certify the exportation of excifeahle commodities ; and for better fecur-ing the duties on candles\ it (hall be lawful for fuch officer, who (hall attend to fee the faid (larch packed up, and he is hereby required to (lamp or mark every paper of (larch fo intended to be packed up, in order to be exported, on the label or piece of thin paper herein-before dire&ed to be affixed thereon, with fuch (lamp or mark, having the word Exportation denoted thereon, as the commiffioners for the faid duties on (larch in England and Scotland refpedively (hall provide and dired to be ufed for that purpofe; and the faid refpedive commiffioners (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fourth day of June^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, provide proper ftamps or marks, having the word Exportation denoted thereon, and (hall caufe the fame to be diftributed to the proper officers refpedively for the pur-pofes laft aforefaid, which ftamps or marks (hall and may, from time to time, be varied or altered, as often as the faid refpedive commiffioners (hall think fit to alter the fame.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time forge or counter- Perfons forfeit any fuch (lamp or mark, which (hall be provided for (lamp- jng any tomp ing or marking (larch intended to be exported, every perfon fo t0 or ei 100' offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid officer or officers, who (hall attend to fee fuch No ftarch to (larch packed up in order to be exported, (hail not permit to be he. exported packed up, in order to be exported, any piece or pieces of ftarch,	label,

not having thereon the label, or piece of thin paper, (lamped as P is herein-before directed, intire and unbroken; and all fuch ftarch fo intended to be exported (hall be fubjed: to all the regulations required by the faid ad, made in the laft feffion of parlia- Ad not to ment, concerning ftarch intended to be exported; provided that extend to exnothing in this ad contained (hall extend to ftarch ground into ^rcffmad^ powder, commonly called Hair Powder, which (hall at any time jnt0 ha;r be intended to be exported.	powder.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day or June9 one Starch (lamp-thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, if any piece or pieces of ed for expor-(larch, (lamped with the faid (lamp or mark as aforefaid, provid-ed for (lamping or marking ftarch intended to be exported, fcund’any (hall be found upon land, except in the warehoufe or place where where but the fame (hall be packed up before the fame (ha W in removing from thence to be put on board the

Pp3

Hosted by Google

'J be (hipped, wnere packed (hip in which fP’°”eraov’ the s f oro

562	Anno viccfimo fexto Georgii III. c. 51. f178^.

thence to be the feme is intended to be exported, all and every fuch piece or ft’Pb	pieces of ftarch (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any offi-

cer of the cuftoms or excife, or for the duties on ftarch.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Hegulation* That within one hour after the pieces of ftarch (hall have been with regard to papered and ftamped by the officer, all the fcrapings belonging o^ft^ch^eft to ^uck P*eces of ftarch (hall be weighed and taken account of aftemapering. ky the officer, and (hall be put into water in frames, tubs, or * other utenfils, and (hall not be mixed with any other ftarch or preparation for making ftarch then in operation; and the faid fcrapings (hall be immediately diffolved, and (trained through a lieve, and being fo (trained, the officer for the duties on ftarch (hall take an account thereof as a green water, and the fame (hall not be again difturbed or meddled with, until fuch notice (hall be given for boxing the fame, as is required by an a& made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Second,

4	Geo. a. c. intituled. An aft to prevent frauds in the revenue of excife^ with re.-a4#	fpeft to ftarch, coffee, tea, and chocolate; and another ad, made in

the nineteenth year of his prefenb Majefty’s reign, intituled. An 19 Geo, 3.	aft for better fecuring the duties on ftarch; and the faid fcrapings of

C. 40’	ftarch, fo put into water and diffolved, (hall be chargeable, and

(hall be charged by the proper officer with all the fame duties upon ftarch as any other ftarch, and in like manner as any other ftarch, or materials for making ftarch, are or ought to be charge ed with.

X.	And whereas, it being required by this aft that fcrapings of ftarch Jhould be diffolved in water, and converted into green waters9 it is reafonable that an allowance Jhould be made for the faidJcrapings% out of the amount of the boxgage-or boxgages of which the [aidfcrapings have been a part; be it therefore further enadted by the authority Allowance to aforefaid, That after the fcrapings of ftarch (hall be weighed by t>e made for the officer, and the faid fcrapings (hall be put into water, as by which^re^o5* l'XiS ls required, the faid officer (hall dedud feven tenth parts be weighed by of the weight of fuch fcrapings, from the amount of the box-ap officer, and gage of which fuch fcrapings have been a parr, provided the diffolved and weight 0f fuch fcrapings do not exceed one fifth part of the in one hour	amount	of	fuch boxgage or gages; but if the weight of

afterward8,on fuch fcrapings exceed the afjrefaid proportion, yet no greater penalty of	deduction (hall be made than according to the faid proportion 5

fcool,	that is to fay, No greater dedu&ion (hall be made, in any cafe,

than feven tenth parts of one fifth part of the faid amount of the boxgage or gages; and it (hall be lawful for the officer to charge the ftarch-maker with the duties from the amount of the boxgage or boxgages, after fuch dedu&ion (hall have been made therefrom, provided fuch amount, after fuch dedu&ion made, (hall not be lefs than the a&ual weight of the ftarch, when the fame is removed from the (love, or other drying place or places, and weighed: provided alfo, that no allowance or deduction (hall be made in cafes where the duties (hall be charged according to the gage taken in the four waters, or in the green waters, together with the (limes, as dire&ed by the laid ad, made in the

nineteenth

Hostfed by

Google

i?86.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII III. 0.51.	$63

nineteenth year of his prefent Majefiy's reign, or by this and in cafe any ftarch-maker (hall negledt to put all luch fcrap-ings under water, and to ftir the fame until diffolved, and to ftrain the fame through a fieve, within the (pace of one hour after the fame (hall have been weighed and taken account of by *he officer, every fuch ftarch-maker fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds; and in cafe any ftarch-maker (hall. Scrapings not after fuch fcrapings (hall have been diffolved and drained into to be ta.ken any frame, tub, or other utenfil, wilfully caufe the fame to be notlLWgivenUt difturbed, or the whole, or any part thereof, to be taken away 0f boxing, nor before notice (hail have been given of boxing the fame, fuch increafed in ftarch-maker (hall be deemed to have boxed ftarch without no- weight, on tice, and (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds, as by the faid a<St made in the nineteenth year of his Majefty’s % reign is directed; and in cafe any ftarch-maker, in order to en-creafe the quantity of fcrapings before the fame (hall be weighed by the officer, (hall mix therewith any ftarch of the fame, or any other making, or any flour, meal, or other material whatever, or wilfully caufe any water, or other liquid, to be put to fuch fcrapings, or by any means whatever caufe the faid fcrapings to be increafed in weight, fuch ftarch-maker (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

XL And whereas it may happen that the paper wherein any piece of ftarch Jhall he contained, after the fame has been ftamped as afore-faid, may, in theJiove or other drying-place, or by taking from thefiove or other drying-place, or otherwife by accident, be broken or damaged\ fo as to be unfit for J'ale \ be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That when the paper wherein any piece of ftarch (hall Damaged be contained, (hall by aoy accident be broken or damaged, and be replaced by the ftarch-maker, to whom the fame belongs, (hall be defirous tbe officer. 1 of having the fame repapered and reftamped, fuch ftarch-maker (hall give to the faid officer for the faid duties, in the divifion or diftridl in which his, her, or their ftarch-houfe fhall be fituated, twelve hours notice in writing, if fuch ftarch-houfe (hall be fituated within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, or if fuch ftarch-houfe (hall be fituated in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice in writing, that fuch ftarch-maker defires to have fuch piece or pieces of ftarch repapered and reftamped ; and thereupon it (hall be lawful for fuch officer, being fatisfied that fuch piece or pieces of ftarch had before been duly damped, and that the paper or papers containing the fame had been broken or damaged by accident, as foon as is convenient after the expiration of fuch twelve hours or twenty-four hours refpe&ively, to reftamp fuch piece or pieces of ftarch, the fame being repapered and tied, and fuch label or piece of thin paper as aforefaid being affixed or pafted thereon in manner herein-before dire&ed.

XII. And, to the end that ftarch made in Great Britain, and charged with the duties on ftarch before the commencement of this ad?, may not be improperly feized, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the refpe&ive commiffioners for the duties

P p 4	or*

Hosted by Google

5$A

Starch in hand to be ftampt, if application be made to the commiflion^ crs within three months aftet commencement of this ad.

In tfyree months after June »4, i?#6, all unftamped dardh above »&lb. feteable, and the owner to forfeit 103. per lb.

Not to extend to ftarch made into hair powder,

Anno vicefimo fexto GeorgIi III., c. '[*786.

on ftarch (hajl, on or before the faid twenty fourth-day of yaw, pne thoufand. feven hundred and eighty-fix, provide proper ftamps or feals for damping or fealing all 'flock of ftarch in the hands of any. ftarch-maker, ?nd (hall at all times, within three months, from the commencement of this a6t, at the requeft and defire of any fuch ftarch-maker, order and direct the proper officer for the faid duties to ftamp or feal every piece of ftarch made in Greafr Britain, and charged with the faid duties before the commencement of this ad, and then remaining in the pof-feffion of fuch ftarph-maker, with fuch mark, impreffion, ftamp, or device as to fuch refpedive commiffioners fhall appear molt proper for that purpofe, fuch pieces of ftarch being papered and tied with firings, and fuch label or piece of thin paper being affixed or pafted thereon, in manner herein-before directed, by the ftarch-maker who (hall defire the fame to be fo marked or ftamped, and oath being made by fuch ftarch-maker, or his, her, or their chief workman, that all fuch ftarch was made in Great Britain before the commencement of this ad, and that the duties have been duly charged thereon ; which oath the fqrveyor or fupervifor of the divifion or diftrid within which.the ftarch-houfe belonging to fuch ftarch-maker is fituated, is hereby au^-thorifed and required to adminifter; and all ftarch, fo marked and ftamped in purfuance of fuch orders and diredions, fhall and may be removed, fold, and difpofed of, as if the fame had been made fiince the commencement of this ad, and the diredions of this ad fully complied with.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the end of three months after the faid twenty* fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, all ftarch not being ftamped as by this ad is directed, and all loofe ftarch exceeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, and all fcrapings of ftarch which (hall be found in the pofieffion of any ftarch-maker, or of any other perfon, for the ijfe of fuch maker or dealer, or that (hall be found removing or removed by land or by water, fhall be forfeited, and may be leiz-ed by any officer for the faid duties, together with the cheft, cafk, fack, or other package containing the fame, and the boat or veflel, horfes or other cattle, waggon, cart, or other carriage, made ufeof in removing the fame; and the ftarch-maker or deaU er in ftarch, or other perfon receiving ftarch to the ufe of fuch ftarch-maker or dealer, in whofe pofieffion any fuch unftamped ftarch, or any iuch loofe ftarch, exceeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, or fuch fcrapings of ftarch, fhall, after the end of the faid three months after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, be found, fhall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings for every pound weight of fuch unftamped ftarch, or of fuch fcrapings, or for every pound weight exceeding twenty-eight pounds weight of fuch loofe ftarch: provided, that nothing herein contained fhall extend tQ ftarch made into hair powder, or to any quantity of ftarch taken put of the papers in the poffeffion of any hair powder maker^ or

*	in

Hosted by

Google

5^5

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. C. 51.'

in the poffeffion of any blue-maker, or to any quantity of (larch taken but of the papers, not exceeding twenty-eight pounds weight, in the poffeffion of any dealer in or feller of ftarch, nor to the returns from the fieves, that may be in the poffeffion of any makers of hair powder,

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time forge or coun- Perfons forg-terfeit any (lamp or feal, to refemble any ftamp or feal which

thall be provided in pursuance of this ait for ftamping or feal- f^onyj ing ftarch made and papered in Great Britain after the commencement of this ait, or the flock of ftarch in the hands of any ftarch-maker, or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreflion of the fame upon the papers containing ftarch as aforefaid, thereby to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of the duties upon ftarch, then every perfon fo offending, being thereof conviited in due form of law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy; and if any and perfons perfon or perfons (hall at any time fell any ftarch with any fuch forged or counterfeit ftamp or feal, or impreflion thereon, know- 0 ei ^°° -ing the fame to be forged and counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or (hall knowingly fix, or caufe to be fixed, any paper, (lamped according to this ait, to any piece of (larch, other than that which was originally inclofed in fuch paper, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.

XV. And whereas, by the afarefaid act, made in the nineteenth

year of his prefent Majejifs reign, intituled. An ail for the better Recital of a& fecuring the duties on ftarch, allJlarcb-makers are required to give 19 Geo. 3* fuch notices as in the faid at1 are mentioned, before they begin to empty c* 40# or wafh out their vats, and before they begin to take off the flitnes or waff) from the four waters; but there is not any time limited within which fuch f arch-makers Jhall finijh the emptying or wajhing out their vats, or the taking off the flimes or wajh from the four waters: and whereas there is not any time limited therein for Jhifting the four waters or green waters, be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of Vats to be June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, every maker emptied in 4$ of (larch, after he (hall have begun to empty or wafh out his foj^aters vat or vats, agreeably to the notice by the faid ait required, (hall lifted jn x% proceed and continue to empty or wafh out fuch vat or vats, hours, after until the whole of fuch vat or vats (hall be emptied or walhed beginning put, vyithout leaving off, except for the fpace of one night; and ^pe-every fuch ftarch-maker (hall finifh emptying or wafhing out naity 0f fuch vat or vats, within the fpace of forty-eight hours, from the time of beginning to empty or wafh out the fame; and every ftarch-maker, after he (hall have begun to take off the (limes or wafh from the four waters, agreeably to the notice by the faid ail required, (hall proceed and continue to fhift the faid four waters until the whole is finifhed, and (hall finifh the (hifting the faid four waters within the fpace of twelve hours from the

time

d by Google

to remain vndilturbed *4 hours, after (hifting the four haters; of which Shifting a decla«

Baity of 100I for offence in cither particular.

566	Anno	vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. £r. £1786.

time of beginning to take off the faid dimes or wafh; and every ftarch-maker who (hall not finifti the emptying or waftiing out his, her, or their vat or vats, within the fpace of forty-eight hours from the time of beginning the fame, or (hall ndt finifti the (hiding the faid four waters within the fpace of twelve hours, from the time of beginning to take off the faid (limes or wa(h, fliall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Er5f«oTtfter8 That when any ftarch-maker (hall have finiftied the taking off

tjjC fljmes an(j wa(h from four waters, and the green waters (hall be put into the frames, tubs, or other utenfils, ufed for preparing and making the fame into ftarch, the faid green waters (hall remain unmoved and undifturbed in the fame frames, tubs, or other utenfils, for the fpace of twenty-four hours at the lead

w_______ from the time the (hifting of the four waters (hall have been

tation is to be finiftied ; and the faid green waters (hall not, during the faid made, on pe- fpace of twenty-four hours, be moved or difturbed in the faid frames, tubs, or utenfils: and that the officers for the duties upon ftarch may be able to afcertain when the faid green waters were fo put into the faid frames, tubs, or other utenfils, aftef the (hifting of the four waters had been finiftied as aforefaid, every maker of ftarch (hall give, or caufe to be given, to the officer for the faid duties under whofe fyrvey filch maker of ftarch lhall then be, a declaration in writing, fpecifying therein the particular hour or time of the day when fuch maker of ftarch did finifti (hifting the four waters; and if any maker of ftarch (hall, after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, neglect to deliver fuch declaration laft aforefaid, or (hall move or difturb the green waters during the fpace of twenty-four hours after the (hifting the four waters (hall have been finiftied, agreeably to fuch declaration laft aforefaid, then every fuch maker of ftarch (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XVII.	And, the better to prevent any frauds by the fecreting or concealing of flarch, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any officer or officers for the duties upon ftarch (hall at

________ any time mifs any quantity of ftarch, or materials for making

while making, ftarch, of which an account had been taken by gauge while the is miffed, the fame was in the green waters and in the (limes refpe&ively, and before the faid ftarch (hall have been put into the boxes, and (hall not, upon reafonable demand, receive fatisfa&ion what is become of the fame, then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch officer or officers to charge the maker of fuch ftarch according to the gauge or gauges taken of the fame in the green waters, together with the (limes, and every fuch maker (hall pay the duty fo charged*

XVIII.	And whereof by the faid aft, made in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majeflfs reign, it is enabled, That if any maker of flarch fhouldy at any time whilfl his farch is in operation and under water, mix, or caufe to be mixed, any of the Jlarcb waters of one making with

tbofi

If ftarch, of which a gauge has been taken

duty on it to be charged according to that gauge.

Hosted by Google

xy86.] Anne vicefimo fexto Georgii IIL c.51.	567

thofe of another making,' every fucb maker ofJlarch Jball forfeit and Ufa for every fuch offence one hundred pounds, except fuch mixing be made in prefence of an officer for the duties on (larch: and whereas the mixing the Jlarch waters of one making with thofe of another making, although in the prefence of an officer, is found to be inconvenient* in-afmueh as the officer is thereby prevented having an exaft gauge of the Jlarch during its operation in the frames ; to prevent the fame for the future, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, from and The ftarch ^after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, onef thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, if any maker of ftarch (hall, whilft his [n^not to ^e ftarch is in operation and under water, mix or caufe to be mix- mixed, on peed any of the ftarch waters of one making with thofe of another nalty of rool; making, every fuch ftarch-maker (hall forfeit and lofe the fuifi of one hundred pounds: provided neverthelefs, that (limes but dimes which (hall have been entered on the officers books as dimes, .ma? b<rmixed for the fpace of twenty-four hours, may be mixed in the pre- au officer.6 ° fence of the officer for the duties on ftarch, and not otherwife.

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That when any ftarch-maker (hall be defirous of removing his, Starch not to her, or their ftarch, after the fame (hall be dryed from the bjf removed ftove, every fuch ftarch-maker (hall give to the officer for the faid duties of the divifion or diftrid where his, her, or their out giving ftarch-houfe is fituated, twelve hours notice in writing, if fuch notice, on pe-ftarch-houfe is fituated within the limits of the chief office of naity ofaooL excife in London, or if fuch ftarch-houfe is fituated in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice in writing of the particular time and hour when he, (he, or they intend to begin to remove his, her, or their ftarch, after the fame (hall be dried from the ftove; and in cafe fuch ftarch-maker (hall not begin to remove the ftarch from the ftove, at the time and hour mentioned in fuch notice, or within one hour next after, then every fuch notice (hall be void, and fuch ftarch-maker (hall be obliged to give a frefti and like notice in writing before he, (he, or they (hall begin to remove his, her, or their ftarch, after the fame (hall be dried from the ftove; and if any ftarch-maker (hall begin to remove his, her, or their ftarch, after the fame (hall be dried from the ftove, without giving fuch notice as aforefaid, he, (he, or they fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe two hundred pounds.

XX.	And whereas by the faid afi made in the nineteenth year of

bis prefent Majejlys reign, (intituled, An ad for the better fecur- Recital of aft ing the duties on ftarch), it is enabled, That no perfon or perfons 19 Geo. 3. c# whatfoever, refiding within the limits of the head office of excife in 4°*

London, Jball be permitted to make entry of any workhoufe or place for the making of Jlarch, as required by the Jlatutes in that cafe already made and provided, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons /hail occupy a tenement or tenements of the yearly value of ten pounds or upwards9 and for which he, /he, or they Jhall accordingly be affieffed in their own name, and /ball alfo pay to the parijh rates; and that no perfon or perfons njbatfoever refiding in any other parts of the kingdom where there are rates to chyreb and poor7 Jball be permitted to make

<my

Hosted by Google

568	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgti IIL C. 5r. [ 1JS6.

any fuch entry, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons Jhall be ajfeffed and pay to church and poor in the feveral parishes and places in which they refpeftively refide: and whereas divers evil-minded and indigent perfons have made entries of workboufes, or places for the making of Jiarch^ in places where there are not" rates to church and poor, and fuch evil-minded and indigent perfons do frequently commit many grofs frauds againjl the revenue; for remedy thereof,\ be it further. No entry to enaded by the authority aforefaid, Thar, from and after the be allowed (in fajj twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred except topper- anc* e*8hty-fix, no perfon or perfons whatever refiding in any fonsaffefledto part of the kingdom out of the limits of the head office of ex-the duties	cife in London, and in any places where there are not rates to

granted by	church and poor, (hall be permitted to make entry of any

work-houfe, or place for the making of ftarch, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall be aflefled in his, her, or their own name, and pay in the feveral parifhes and places in which fuch work-houfe or place for the making of ftarch (hall be fituated, to the rates and duties on houfes, windows, and lights, granted by an ad made in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, (inti-ad 6 Geo. 3. tuled. An aft for repealing the feveral duties upon houfes, windows, c. 38; and by and lights; and for granting to his Majefy other duties upon houfes, windows, and lights) ; and unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall alfo be aflefled in his, her, or their own name, and pay in the feveral parifhes and places in which fuch workhoufe or place for the making df ftarch (hall be fituated, to the rates and duties upon inhabited houfes, granted by an ad made in the nine teenth year of his pre-19 Geo, 3. fent Majefty’s reign, (intituled, An aft for repealing the duties on all c*	inhabited houfes,	impojed by an aft made in the la ft feffton of parlia-

ment, and for granting to his Majefy other duties upon all inhabited houfes in Great Britain, and for amending the faid aft \ and alfo for amending fo much of an at7, made in the jeventeenth year of the reign cf his prefent Majefy, as impofes a duty upon all fervants retained cr employed in the feveral capacities therein mentioned), or by any other ad or ads of parliament now in force ; and that no entry of any workhoufe or place for making of ftarch, already made, or to be made, as required by the ftatutes in that cafe made and provided, in any place out of the limits of the head office of excife in London, and where there are not rates to chufch and poor, (hall be of any avail to any perfon or perfons not fo qualified, or for any longer time than the perfon or perfons fo Perrons mak- making entry (hall be qualified as aforefaid ; and every perfon ing entries, making ftarch, not qualified as aforefaid, (hall, notwithftanding Jhfed°HabIe^o an? entry him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to the penalties Perf°ns making ftarch without entry, and (hall be fubjed to of making	the like penalties and forfeitures as perfons making ftarch with-

ftarch without out entry are by the ftatutes in fuch cafe made and provided ent,T	now fubjed unto,

XXL And whereas great quantities of flarch are ufed in the mak-ing off one blue, and fome evil-minded perfons, being makers of ftone blue, do in a private and clandefine manner make farch, or other-wife manufafture meal or four for the purpofe of making f one blu#.

Hosted by Google

I78&] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii I IT. c. 51*

and thereby evade the payment of the duties upon ft arch, to the great lofs of the revenues and the injury of the fair trade; which mifchiefs might, in great meafure, be prevented, if the makers of Jione blue were obliged to make entries of the places ufed by them for making or for keeping Jione blue, or materials for making the fame, and if the officers of excife were authorifed to infpeft fuch places; be it therefore further enadted by the authority aforefgid, That, on or be- Makers of fore^the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hun- ftoneblueto dred and eighty-fix, all and every perfon or perfons, who now ^theirwoS-is or are, or (hall then be a maker or makers of done blue for houfes,&c.on fale, (hall make a true entry in writing of his, her, or their penalty of jot* names, and place or places of abode, together with all and every the workhoufe or ’ workhoufes, and all and every other place or places whatever that fhail be made ufe of by fuch perfon or perfons for the making of (lone blue, or for keeping done blue, or materials for making done blue, at tHe chief office of excife in London, if fuch perfon or perfons now carry on, or (hall then carry on, the bufinefs of. making (lone blue for fale within the limits of the faid chief office; or if fuch perfon or perfons now carry on, or (hall then carry on, the faid bufinefs in any other part of Great Britain, then at the office of excife next to the place where he, (lie, or they now carry on, or (hall then carry on, the faid bufinefs; and all and every perfon or perfons who, after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, (hall become a maker or makers of (tone blue for fale, (hail, before he, (he, or, they (hall begin to make or manufacture (tone blue, make a true entry in writing of his, her, or their refpedtive place or places of abode, together with all and every the workhoufe or workhoufes, and all and every other place or places whatever that (hall be made ufe of by fuch perfon or perfons for the making of, or for keeping (tone blue, or materials for making (tone blue, at the chief office of excife in London, if fuch perfon or perfons (hall carry on the faid bufinefs within the limits of the (aid chief office, or if fuch perfon or perfons (hall carry on the faid bufinefs in any other part of Great Britain, then at the office of excife next to the place where fuch perfon or perfons fhail carry on the faid bufinefs, on pain of forfeiting and paying the fum of fifty pounds,

XXII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of Officers may

excife, or of the duties upon (larch, at all times by day, at his bfue'Tnd take

or their requeft, to enter the houfe or houfes, workhoufe or famples there-

workhoufes, and all and every other place or places whatever of, paying for

belonging to, or that (hall be made ufe of hy any maker or the feme*

makers of done blue for fale, for the making of (lone blue, or

for keeping (lone blue, or materials for making done blue, and

there to examine all and every parcel or parcels of done blue,

and to take and carry away any fample or parcel of the fame,

paying a reafonable price'for the fame, according to the price

that done blue (hall then-commonly bear and be fold for,

XXIII, And

Hosted by Google

frO

No ftone blue to be made from materials that have not paid duty, on forfeiture thereof, and alfo iool.

Unftamped ftarch in pof-feffion of ftone blue makers, &c. to be forfeited, and the owner fined ros. per pound weight.

and if more than i81b. be found in an unentered place, to be forfeited, and a fine of 50I. Perfons refuf-ing officers famples of ftone blue, paying for the fame, forfeit JOl,

Perfons mo-lefting officers in the execu*

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. C< 51* [i 7#fv

XXIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid* That no maker or makers of ftone blue for fale, (hall begin to make or manufa&ure, or caufe of procure to be begun to be made or manufactured, any ftone blue from any flour, meal, or other ingredients, or materials what foe ver, (other than the materials or ingredients for colouring the feme} except ftarch, for which all the duties due or payable in refpect thereof have been firft charged, on pain of forfeiting, for efery fuch offence, alt fuch ftone blue, flour, meal, and other ingredients and materials whatfoever (other than the materials or ingredients for colouring fuch ftone blue), together with the boxes, tubs, and veffels whatfoever containing the feme, and alfo the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afdrefaid. That if, after the faid twenty-fourth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, any fuch maker of ftone blue for fale, or maker of hair powder for fale, (hall receive into his, her, or their poffeffion, any ftarch in papers not damped as aforefaid, or any loofe ftarch, or any fcrapings of ftarch, he, (he, or they fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten (hillings for every pound weight of ftarch fo received in papers not damped as aforefaid, or of fuch loofe ftarch or fcrapings of ftarch; and all fuch ftarch in papers not damped as aforefaid, or loofe ftarch, or fcrapings of ftarch, that (hall be foi received, or brought into the poneffion of fuch maker of ftone blue, or maker of hair powder, (hall be forfeited, and may be feifced by any officer of excife, or of the faid duties, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftand-ing; and if any fuch maker of ftone blue, or maker of hair powder, (hall keep any ftarch above the quantity of twenty-eight pounds in any unentered place, the fame (hall be forfeited, and fuch maker of ftone blue, or maker of hair powder, (hall alfo forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XXV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any maker of ftone blue for fale, upon requeft or demand made by any fuch officer or officers, as aforefaid, in the day-time, (hall refufe to permit, or (hall not permit fuch officer or officers, to enter and go into all and every the workhoufe or workhoufes, or all arid every other place or places whatever belonging to, or that (hall be made ufe of by him, her, or them, for the making of ftone blue, or for the keeping ftone blue, or any materials Tor making ftone blue, or (hall not permit fuch officer or officers to examine, and to take and carry away with him or them any parcel or fample of ftone blue, upon his or their offering to pay for the fame the price that ftone blue (hall then commonly bear and be fold for; every fuch maker of ftone blue (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon whatever (hall affault, oppofe, moleft, or hin~ <Jer any officer or officers of excife, or for the duties on ftarch,

9	ii*

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeORGII III. C. 52.	571

in the due execution of any of the powers and authorities given ticm of their and granted by this adt, all and every the party or parties fo duty, forfeit offending (hall, for every fuch offence refpedtively, forfeit and 5°l# loTe the fura of fifty pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this adl, Howpenaltiea (hall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, arc tobe redo-means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may nro^riatwi3^ be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws P P of excife, or by adiion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefiminfler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland* refpedlively 5 and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall difcover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XXVIIL And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid^

That if any adiion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced Limitation of againft any perfon or perfons for any thing by him, her, or adtions. them, done in purfuance of this adl, fuch adiion or fuit (hall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in fuch adiion or fuit may plead the general iffue. General ifluc* and give this adl, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if afterwards a verdidl (hall pais for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their adiion or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them. Treble cofU* againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LII.

An aft for the more effeftually preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco, and for the eafe of the fair trader; for difcontinuing the difcount upon payment on bonds before due, and ejlablifhing the duty to be paid upon tobacco of the growth of the Britilh plantations, and the united fates of America.

WHEREAS the fever al provifms for preventing the frauds preamble.

lent removal of tobacco by land or ivater* contained in an aft made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly,

(intituled, An adt for the better fecuring the duties payable on Recital of 2$ tobacco), have commencement from the firjl day of January, one Geo. 3. c. thoufandJeven hundred and eighty-fix*, notwithjlanding which provi-Jions, fuch tobacco as was imported before that time hath been or may be removed by land or ivater, otherwife than as by the faid aft is dire ft ed, inafmuch as the fame having been imported before that time cannot be fubjeft to the regulations prefcribed by the faid aft: and whereas the continuance of this liberty may encourage the importers or pojfeffors of uncujiomed tobacco to pretend that the fame was imported before the faid firjl day of January, one thoufand,fey en hundred and

eighty-

Hosted by

Google

572	Anno viceGmo fexto Georgii III. c. $i. £ I7&&

tight?-fix,	that pretence, tobacco inerted fince that'time*

and tobacco flalks jtripped, and fnujf tnanufaWured therefrom, may be removed otherwife than by the J aid aft is directed, to the great prejudice both of the publick revenue and of the fair trader: and whereas it is expedient that all fuch tobacco as Jhall have been lawfully imported, and was flock in hand before that time, Jhould be fub-jeft and liable to all and every the feveral and refpeftive rules, regulations, and reflriftions, dire fled and contained in the faid herein-be-fore recited aft; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and corifent of the lords? fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefeht parlia-Jjjnea4, ment affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from baccc>a&c?" anc* a^ter twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hun-thoughim- dred and eighty-fix, no tobacco which (hall have been imported ported prior into Great Britain before the faid firft day of January, one thoufand r°hfn*I,Ih8^ feven hundred and eighty-fix, nor any tobacco ftalks ftripped, reeutetioi^of nor manufactured from tobacco 16 imported, (hall be re-the recited moved, carried, or conveyed, either by land or by water, in any suft.	other manner than as is directed by the faid recited acft 5 and

the fame (hall, in every refpeCt, be under and fubjeCt to the feveral rules, regulations, oaths, and reftriCtions directed and contained in the faid aCt; and that all and each and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, inflicted and incurred by the faid recited aCt, on the removal of tobacco imported fince the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, or tobacco ftalks dripped, or fnuff manufactured from tobacco fo imported, contrary to the faid recited act, and the feveral rewards and diftributions therein directed, lhall extend, and be conftrued to extend, to all intents and purpofes, to the removal of tobacco which (hall have been imported into this kingdom, previous to the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and to tobacco ftalks dripped, and fnuff manufactured from tobacco fo imported.

II.	And whereas, in and by the faid recited aft, it is provided. That if any importer or proprietor of tobacco, who hath given fecurity for the payment of the duties in eighteen months, Jhall be defirous to difcharge his bond or bonds, or any part thereof, in ready money, fooner than the expiration of the faid eighteen months, fo much Jhall be abated upon fuch bond or bonds as the difcount, at the rate of feven pounds per centum per annum, Jhall amount to, in proportion to the time unexpired: and whereas it is expedient that the faid difcount Jhould be difcontinued: be it therefore enacted by the authority N°hdifn°Untfl af°refe^> That fo much of the faid recited act as provides, that on difcharge ^ anY ™Port^r or proprietor of tobacco, that hath given fecu-of fecurity	rity as aforefaid, for the payment of the duties in eighteen

bonds.	months, (hall be defirous to difcharge his bond or bonds, or

any part thereof, in ready money, fooner than the expiration of the faid eighteen months, he (hall be abated upon fuch bond or bonds fo much as the difcount, at the rate of feven pounds per centum per annum, (hall amount to, in proportion to the time unexpired, (hall be, ^nd is hereby repealed,

\—	III,	And

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefirrro fexto GfedRGilIII. C. 52.	573

III.	AndwhereaWtobacco of the growth of the Hx\\\fh,colonies or plantations in America, or of the growth of the united fates of America, imported previous to the firfi day of January, one thoufand J'cvcn hundred and eighty-fix, is fubjeCl to the payment of the duty of fifteen pence, and two hundred and thirty-nine two hundred and fortieth parts of a penny, per pound weight, in cafe the duties are not paid down in ready money at the time of the entry of fuch tobacco, but the fame are fcciired by bond, and the importers thereof are in-titled to a difcount after the rate of feven pounds per centum per annum, on the amount of certain of the faid duties for the time unexpired in the bonds given for payment thereof: and whereas it would be et great hardjhip upon the importers of fuch tobacco, if they ivere

to pay fuch duties-, be it therefore further enadled, That no to- American tobacco imported previous to the firft day of January, one thou- ed^riorTo^" land feven hundred and eighty-fix, and for which bond (ball have been given for fecuring the duties payable thereupon, and remaining in which is now remaining unfold in the warehoufe under the the King5a King’s locks, (hall be fubjedt or liable to pay more than the	t0

duty of one (hilling and two-pence, and feventy-nirte eightieth and79*-8oth3 parts of a penny, for every pound weight of the fame, accord- of id. per lb. ing to the weights of fuch tobacco, taken by the proper officers duty, of the cuftoms on landing of the fame at the importation thereof.

IV.	Provided always. That the importer or importers of fuch Nodifcountto tobacco, Upon paying up the faid duty of one (hilling and two- he allowed^on pence, and feventy-nine eightieth parts of a penny, per pound the foid'duty. weight, (hall not be intitled.to any difcount whatfoever.

V.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall ex- Duties to be tend, or be conftrued to extend, to, alter in any refpect the appropriated manner of appropriating the duties upon fuch tobacco; and as ere 0 ore* that the prefent duties of one (hilling and two-pence, and feventy-nine eightieth parts of a penny, per pound weight, (hall

be appropriated in the fame manner, and to the fame branches to which fuch duties were applicable before the making of this a<5t.

VI.	And whereas tobacco, after having undergone certain kinds of

manufacture, becomes known by the refpedive names of Carrot or Roll, Pigtail 0r Twifted Tobacco, and, from the nature of the manufacture, necefjarily imbibes and retains a quantity of water or other ingredients, whereby the weight becomes conpderably increafed, and the revenue materially injured-, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if, upon the examination by the proper officer Roll tobacco Or officers of the cuftoms, any carrot or roll tobacco, entered for exporta-For exportation, (hall be found to contain of water, or any in-gredients other than tobacco, more than twelve pounds for tufe 0f more every one hundred pounds weight; or if any pigtail or twifted than ialb. and tobacco* entered as aforefaid, fhall be found to contain of water, twifted to-or any ingredients other than tobacco, more than ten pounds	or

for every one hundred pounds weight, all fuch tobacco (hall be cwt!# *0 ^Pw forfeited.	forfeited.

VII.	And whereas there is a fpecies of manufactured tobacco,

Vol. XXXV.	Q.q	known

Hosted by Google

Cut tobacco for exportation, containing more than 1-5th part (talk, forfeited.

How difputes relative to the mixture of tobacco, See. are to be determined.

Tobacco from his Majefty’s colonies in America, or the united dates, liable to the fame

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii IIL c. 52. [1786.

"known by {he name of Cut Tobacco, which aught not to contain a. greater weight ofjialk in proportion to the leaf than that of one pound offolk tofour pounds of leaf \ which, in the naturalJiate of tobacco, before it is fo manufactured, is the ufual proportion, be it therefore enadted by .the authority aforefaid, That if, upon the examination by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, any cut tobacco entered for exportation (hall be found to contain of ftalk; more than the faid proportion, all fuch cut tobacco fhall be forfeited.

Vill. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any carrot or roll tobacco, or pigtail or twifted tobacco, fhall be feized as containing more than the due proportion of water, or any ingredients other than tobacco, dr if any cut tobacco fhall be feized as containing more than the due proportion of ftalk, and the proprietor or proprietors of fuch tobacco refpeclively, or his or their agent, fhall deny that the carrot or roll tobacco, or the pigtail or twifted tobacco feized, do reflectively contain more than the due proportion of water, or any ingredients other than tobacco, or that the cut tobacco does contain more than the due proportion of ftalk, then, and in fuch cafe, the matter in difpute (hall he referred to the determination of two indifferent perfons, one of whom fhall be named by the officer or officers who fhall have feized the fame, and the other by the faid proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agent; and in cafe the two perfons fo nominated fhall not agree, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid two perfons to nominate a third perfon, who fhall finally determine the matter in controverfy: provided always, that fuch feferrence fhall be made within the fpace of three days from the day of feizure; and that if at the end of the third day the referrees, nominated as aforefaid, fhall not have decided, it fhall and may be lawful for the commif-fioners of the cuftoms in England, or any four of more of them, or the cornmiffioners of the cuftoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them, refpecftively, or for the colle&or and comptroller, in any of the out-ports, as the cafe may be, to appoint an arbitrator, who fhall finally determine the matter in difpute.

IX.	And ivbereas there is a difference at this time exifting in the monies payable upon the importation of tobacco of the growth or production of his Majeffs colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America j or of the growth or production of the united Jlates of America ; that is to fay, Whether the duties are paid down in ready mo-ney, or whether they are fecured by bond: and whereas it is expedient that fuch difference floould be aboli/hed, and that the monies to be paid in future /ball, in all cafes, be in amount the fame as the duties which would be due and payable in cafe the importer or proprietor had not fecured the fame by bond, but had paid down the duties in ready mo-ney; be it therefore ena£ted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, the monies to be paid upon the importation into Great Britain, of tobacco of the growth of his Majefty’s colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America,

or

Hosted by Google

tyS6.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII III. c. 53.	575

or of the growth or production of the united dates of America, duty, whether

whether the duties (hall be paid down in ready money at the

time of importation* or whether the fame (hall be fecured by fccurecfby0

bond, as is now by law allowed, fhall and are hereby directed bond.

to be the fame which are now due and payable in the cafe of

an importer or proprietor of tobacco paying the duties down in

ready money at- the time of the importation thereof, and not

fecuring the fame by bond; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the 1

contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid*

That no difcount (hall be paid or allowed, nor any allowance No difcount

whatever fhall be made to any perfon or perfons whatever, to a*!owed

c r	r J r r	•!•/•»	- on bonus, en-

upon payment of any lum or fums of money in difchargeot any tere(j into unbond or bonds already given or entered into in purfuance of der recited the faid herein-before recited act, or any other act or acts of act, unlefs^in parliament now in force, or which (hall be hereafter given or entered into, in purfuance of the faid herein-before recited act, tobacco is re-before the faid twenty-fourth day of Juney one thoufand feven moved; hundred and eighty-fix, unlefs the perfon or perfons fo paying the fame fhall, within twenty days after he or they fhall have fo paid the fame, take the tobacco for which he or they (hall have fo paid fuch fum or fums of money out of the warehoufe or warehoufes belonging to his Majefty, wherein fuch tobacco fhall have been lodged or depofited.

CAP. LIII.

An aft to continue feveral laws relating to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval ftores from the Britiflh colonies iri America; to the allowance upon the exportation of Britifh made gunpowder; to the further encouraging the manufacture of Britifh fail cloth; and to the duties payable on foreign fail cloth; to the granting liberty to carry fugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Maielty’s fugar colonies, direftly to foreign parts, in (hips built, in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the importing fait from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the difcontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grcafe ; to the permitting the free importation of raw goat fkins into this kingdom; to the repealing the duties upon pot and pearl afhes, wood and weed allies, imported into Great Britain ; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; to the regiftering the prices at which corn is fold in the feveral counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported; and to the effectually encouraging the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; and to revivS and continue feveral laws relating to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum, fhipped as (lores, to be confumed on board merchant fhips on their voyages; and to the granting a bounty upon the importation of hemp and rough and undreficd flax from his Majefty’s colonies in America.

So much of 8 Geo. 3. c. 12. as relates to the importation of wood, timber, and lumber, from America, further continued until Sept. 29, 1792, etc. Act 4 Geo. a. c. 29. as to gunpowder, further continued until Sept. 19, 1791. Aft 9 Geo. 2. c. 37. as to fail cloth, further continued until Sept. 29, 1792. Act 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. as to fugar, further continued until Sept. 29, 1792. Aft 4 Geo. 3. c. 19. further continued until June 24, 1790. Act 7 Geo. 3. c. 12. as to tallow, etc. further continued ,wntii March 25, 2788. Act ij Geo. 3, c. 3$. as to goat fkins, further

Qq %	con-

Anno vlcefimo fexto GEORGii III. c. 54—56. [1786.

continued uttfil June 20,1790. Act 20 Geo. 3. c. 3$. as to pot and pearl alhes, further continued until May 31,1789. Act io Geo. 3. c. 39. as to corn, further continued for feven years from its expiration. Act 33 Geo. 3. c. 77. as to flax and cotton manufactured in Great Britain, further continued for two years. So much of act 19 Geo. 3. c. »*. as relates to a drawback on rums fliipt as ftores for merchant (hips, revived, 1 and further^continued until April 1, 1788. Act. 4 Geo. 3. c. 26. as to hemp and flax imported, revived, and further continued until June 24* 1806.

CAP. LIV.

An act for continuing the falaries and profits of the commiffioners, clerks, and other officers of the (lamp office rateable to the land tax, in Shire Lane Ward, within the divifion of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Marv le Strand, in the liberty of Weftminfter, notwithftanding the faid office ffiould be removed into any other divifion or place.

Aft of prefcnt feffion, c. 3. recited. Commiffioners, clerks, and other officers of the ftamp duties to be afiefled on the laid aft to the land tax for their falaries, and other profits of their places in Shire Lane Ward, though the office be removed, fo that the proportion afiefled in St. Clement Danes and St. Mary le Strand in 1785, be again afiefled thereon, and fo as any other divifion to which the laid office may be removed, be not charged with a greater proportion, in refpeft of the faid falaries and profits, than it was in 1785. Out of fuch afieflment one fourth part to be paid to the collectors of the diftrift to which the office fhall be removed, and alfo the whole of the land tax for all additional commiffioners, clerks, and other additional officers of the faid duties, created fince Dec. 25.1785, or which may hereafter be created, to be applied in aid of the afieflment laid on fuch divifion, &c. To be a publick aft.

C A P. LV.

An aft to enable the juftices of the peace for the county of Middlefex to raife money, in manner therein mentioned, for erefting a houfe of correction within the faid county.

Juftices may raife money for purchafing ground, and erecting a proper . and commodious houfe of correction thereon, with neceflary conveni-encies, by granting annuities for lives, with or without benefit of furvi-vorfhip, out of the county rates. Annuities charged upon the county rates. Grants may be transferred. The money received for the pur-chafe of annuities, to be applied in paying for ground, and erecting buildings thereon, for the purpofe aforefaid; and fitting up and furnifli-ing the fame, and the overplus to be applied in payment of the faid annuities. The juftices to lay a fufficient rate for the purpofes of the county, and alfo for paying the annuities. Juftices to appoint a trea-furer, and to take fecurity from him. Accounts to be kept of the receipts, and dilburfemcnts. The juftices may fell, let out, or otberwife difpofe of all or any part of the quakers’ ground (adjoining to the prefent boufe bf correction) and alfo the prefent houfe of correction, and the fcite thereof, and the premiffes belonging thereto, and alfo of any ground purchafed for the fame, which {hall not be ufed for the fame, or for the yards, outlets, and airing places belonging thereto. Saving to the juftices the powers given by any former acts. Tb be a publick act.

C A P. LVI.

■An	aft	for obliging	overfeers of the poor to male upon oath,

to certain queftions fpecified	, relative to the Jlate of the poor.

Preamble. "\X / HEREAS the great and	of	maintaining

» V and providing for the , that part of Great Britain

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 56.	£77

tain called England, and the continual diftreffes of the poor notwith-Jlanding, make it highly expedient for the legijlature to take that fub-jeft into their mofe ferious confederation■: and whereas information of the ftate of the poo7\ and the nature of thofe expences, may be necejfary to he procured, in order to enable parliament to judge of proper remedies to redrefs thofe grievances; but it is apprehendedfeuch information cannot be effeftually obtained without the aid and authority of parliament ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That a fufficient number of Printedcopiea printed copies of this adt, and aifo of the fchedule hereunto an- of this act to nexed, (hall, as foon as conveniently may be after the pafling ^ hereof, be tranfmitted by George White efquire, one of the clerks of the peace of the houfe of commons, to the clerks of the peace of the feve- to be diftri-ral and refpedtive counties, ridings, divifions, precindts, fokes, butedamongft franchifes, liberties, cities, and towns corporate, in England and the juftices, Wales; and that the faid feveral clerks of the peace (hall, and etc? they are hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, to caufe the faid adt to be diftributed among the adding juftices of the peace within their refpedtive limits, and alfo to caufe a fufficient number of the fchedule to this adt annexed to be delivered to the high conftable, or other proper officer who hath the execution of precepts from juftices of the peace, within their refpec-tive limits, at the Midfummer quarter feffions of the peace, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, or as foon after as conveniently may be, and alfo to the town clerks, or other proper officers, of every city, borough, town corporate, or place, in which quarter feffions of the peace are ufually hol-den, fituate in the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, foke, franchife, town corporate, or place, for which the faid clerks of the peace, or town clerks, (hall refpedtively adt; and the faid Returns made clerks of the peace (hall alfo receive the anfwers and returns by the over -made by the overfeers of the poor, purfuant to the directions leers to be herein-after given, and tranfmit the fame to the clerk of the theclerkoftQ parliaments with all convenient fpeed, in order that the fame the parlia-may be infpedted by parliament, upon pain of forfeiting, for ments. every neglect and default, a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, at the difcretiorv of the j*uftice or juftices before whom complaint thereof (hall be made.

II.	And be it further enadted, That the feveral juftices of the juftices toap-peace, within their refpedtive jurifdidtions in England and Wales, point a meet-fhall, as foon as conveniently may be after the faid Midfummer in& of oyer’ quarter feffion in the year one thoufand feven hundred and [h^MMfum61^ eighty-fix appoint a time and place, or times and places, which mer feflion ** time or times (hall be on or before the twentieth day of Otto* and Oct. 20, her, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, for the over- 1786, to give feers of the poor of the feveral parifhes, and alfo of the feveral ^creturns* townfhips and places which maintain their poor feparately and c fUftipdtly from the parifti at large within their refpedtive jurif-

CLq I	didtions*

Hosted by Google

Arffco vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 56. [ 1786.

diflions, to attend them at fuch meeting or meetings for the purpofes of this a<5V, with returns and anfwers to the queftions Rated in the fchedule to this adt annexed; and two or more of the faid juftices (hall, and they are hereby required to caufe notice thereof to be given to fuch overfeers refpe&ively, and alfo to the .high conftables, and, where there are no high conftables, to fuch other proper officers who have the execution of precepts from juftices of the peace to inferior officers, within fuch re-fpedhve jurifdi&ions, requiring their attendance at fuch meetings for the purpofes of this a£h

III.	And be it further enadted, That the faid juftices of the Juftices, at the peace (hall and they are hereby authorifed and required, at fuch receivcfthe meet‘ng or meetings fo to be appointed by them as aforefaid, to returns, etc. receive and take the anfwers and returns to be made by the andadrrfnifter overfeers of the poor, purfuant to the directions aforefaid, and an oath to the then and there adminifter to them refpeCtively the oath con-o veneers,etc. tained in the faid fchedule; and fuch juftices, if they fee caufe,

may examine fuch overfeers upon oath, touching any of the matters contained in fuch queftions and anfwers, and call for the accounts of the overfeers of the poor for each of the three preceding years, if they fhall fee fit, in order to explain and verify the faid accounts as (hall be then made; and the faid juftices (hall then deliver fuch anfwers and returns to the re-fpeCtive high conftables <?r other proper officers as aforefaid, in order that the fame may be by them tranfmitted to the clerks of the peace or town clerks, as herein is directed.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the faid high conftables,

or other proper officers within the refpeCtive jurifdi&ions aforefaid, (hall, at the Midfummer quarter feffions, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, purfuant to the directions aforefaid, receive from the faid clerks of the peace or town clerks the faid printed fchedules, and deliver, or caufe to be delivered, one fuch fchedule to one of the overfeers of the poor of (every pariffi, townffiip, or place, as well within towns corporate as without, within their refpeCtive limits, and, when required by the refpeCtive juftices of the peace as aforefaid, attend the faid refpedive meetings, and then and there receive the feveral anfwers and returns made by the overfeers of the poor, and in-dorfe upon the back of each of them the name of the hundred, rape, Wapentake, lathe, precinCt, foke, franchife, liberty, city, or town corporate, wherein the faid pariffi, townffiip, or place, therein mentioned, is fituate, and tranfmit the fame, together with a true and perfect lift of the names of the overfeers of the poor of every par-ifh, townffiip, and place, to whom fuch fchedule had been delivered as aforefaid, to the feveral clerks of the peace and town clerks, at the then next Michaelmas quarter feffions of the peace, or adjournment thereof, (which adjournment the juftices at fuch quarter feffions are required to make to fome convenient day, within feven days after the faid twentieth day of Qftober^ in cafes where fuch returns (hall not be made at the Michaelmas quarter feffions); upon pain of forfeiture, for every '	  ’	default

Duty of the high confta-bie preferib ed.

Penaltv for neglect.

Hosted by Google

579

1786.] Anno vicefimo lexto Georgii III. 0.56.

default and neglect in the matters aforefaid, a Turn not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, at the difcretion. of the juftice or juftices of the peace before whom complaint thereof (hall be made.

V.	And be it further ena£led, That the overfeers of the poor Overfeers to of every fuch parifh, townfhip, and place, fhall, and are hereby deliver in required to attend the juftices of the peace at fuch meeting or ^th^a return meetings, and then and there deliver to the faid juftices, figned to the juftices, by them, a juft and true anfwer and return to the faid queftions, etc.

upon oath, as before diredted, and at the fame time produce to the faid juftices the afteffments under which the money was collected, and the accounts of all the expences refpecYmg the poor for each of the years for which fuch returns are to be made, for their infpecftion and examination; and that every overfeer, making default in any of the matters hereby required, fhall, for every fuch negledl and default, forfeit a fum not exceeding ten Penalty on pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, at the difcretion of the juftice ncglect. or juftices, before whom complaint thereof fhall be made: and, Overfeers to in order to enable the faid overfeers to make anfwers and returns take copies of as aforefaid, they are; hereby authorifed and empowered to call QfC^cedinS for, infpecft, and take copies of the accounts of the overfeers, overfeers.inS for each of the faid years, or fo much thereof as fhall be ne-ceffary, in whofe hands foever they fhall happen to be; and every perfon or perfons, in whofe cuftody or power every fuch account or accounts fhall be, fhall, and are hereby required to produce and deliver fuch refpedtive accounts to the faid overfeers, for the purpofes aforefaid, upon pain of forfeiting, for Penalty on re-every default or negleft in the premifes, a fum not exceeding ten fufing to depounds, or lefs than five pounds, at the difcretion of the juftice	ac*

or juftices before whom complaint thereof (hall be made.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That if any overfeer, or per- Perfons mak-fon required to make any fuch return or returns as aforefaid, ingfalfere-Ihall conceal any matter or matters, dire&ed to be enquired into turns, to for* by the faid fchedule, or fhall knowingly or wilfully make a el 5 * falfe or imperfecft return, every fuch overfeer, or perfon fo offending, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty

pounds, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlmmjler, in the counties palatine of Lancajier, Cbefter, and Durham, or the great feflions in the principality of Wales.

VII.	And be it further enatfted, That there fhall be paid Fees to be aland allowed, for the trouble and expences of the feveral perfons lowedforeaclj employed in the tranfa&ions aforefaid, for every return which return>viz* fhall be fo made and tranfmitted to the clerks of the peace and

town clerks refpe&ively, purfuant to the dire£tions aforefaid, the fums following, and no more\ videlicet:

To the clerk of the peace, or town clerk, for the return which To the clerk fhall be made from every parifh, townfhip, and place, the fum of the peace, of one fhilling;

Q.q 4	To

High con liable, is. 6d.

Overfeers, as.

Juftices clerks, is.

Penalties how to be recovered and applied.

Perfons making falfe oaths liable to the penalties of corrupt perjury.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgh III. c. 56. [1786.

To the high conftable, or other proper officer, for the like, the film of one (hilling and fixpence :

To the overfeers of the poor, for the like, the fum of two (hi! lings:

To the clerks of the juftices of the peace, for the like, the

fum of one (hilling:

And that the faid juftices of the peace, at their refpedive quarter feflions which (hall be held next after Michaelmas, one thousand feven hundred and eighty-fix, (hall, and are hereby required to make an order upon their refpedive treafurers, to pay the fame out of the rates to be made and colleded for the refpedive counties, ridings, divifions, precinds, fokes, franchifes, liber-? ties, cities, and towns corporate.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral forfeitures and penalties inflided by this ad (hall, unlefs otherwife direded by this ad, if not immediately paid, be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and feal of any juftice of the peace having ju-rifdidion where fuch offender (hall dwell, rendering to the faid offender the overplus (if any) after the charge of fuch diftrefs and (ale (hall be deduded; and in cafe fufficient diftrefs (hall not be found, then it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice to commit fuch offender to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail, or mainprize, for a term not exceeding twelve calendar months, unlefs the faid forfeiture and charges (hall be fooner paid 5 and the faid forfeitures, when recovered, (hall be paid and applied, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the (aid refpedive treafurers, in aid of the rates aforefaid; and any perfon (hall be deemed a competent witnefs, for the execution of any of the purpofes of this ad, notwithftanding his paying, or being liable to pay, to fuch county rates.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully and corruptly make a falfe oath touching any of the matters contained in this ad, every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly con-vided, (hall be, and is hereby declared to be, fubjed and liable to fuch pains and penalties as by any law now in being perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjed and liable to*

.SCHEDULE*

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. C. 56.

S C H E D U L E.

Queftions, to which, by direction of an act, parted in the twenty-iixth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, (intituled. An aft for obliging the overfeers of the poor% in the feveral parijhes or places within that part of Great Britain called England, to male returns, upon oath, to certain quejlions fpecified therein, relative to the fate of the poor,) anfwers are to be returned by the overfeers of the poor of every parifh> townfhip, and place, in writing upon oath, and figned by them; for which purpofe the faid overfeers are to attend the joffices of the peace within their refpe&ive jurisdictions, at fuch times and places as they Shall appoint, on pain of forfeiting, for every default or neglect, a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds*

Queftion ift. What money was raifed by afTeflments, for the relief of the poor, in the refpedtive years ending at Eafier 1783, 1784, and 1785?

2d. What number of poor received conftant, and what num-ber occafional relief, during each of the faid three years, as near as you can afeertain the fame?

'	3d.	How	much	was	paid out of the faid money, in each of

the faid three years, forexpences of overfeers in journies and attendances on magiftrates and others; and how much for entertainments at meetings of the inhabitants, on affairs relative to the poor?

4th. What payments were made out of the faid money for law bufinefs, and for orders, examinations, certificates, and other proceedings refpedting the poor, in each of the faid three years ?

§th. How much of the money colle&ed under thefe afleff-ments was applied for the payment of county rates, or any other, and what, purpofes, that did not concern the poor?

6th. How much of the money fo raifed has been expended ir$ providing materials and utenfils for fetting the poor to work?

ANSWERS

Hosted by Google

Anno vkefimo fexto Georgii ill. c. 56.	[V7E6.

ANSWERS Jo the Queftions contained in the Schedule annexed to the Aft (intituled,	for	obliging	of

the Poor ■to male	Returns,upon	Oathto\certain Queflions	Specified therein, relative to the State of the Poor), returned by

the Overfeers of the Ppor of the Parifh [£sY. as the Cafe ] of	in	the	County	[fsV.	as	the	Cafe

fhall he]of

Anfwcrs.	To ift Queftion.			To 2d Queftion.			To 3d Queftion.					To 4th Queftion*				To 5th Queftion.					To <5rh Queftion.			Remarks upon the ad Part of the 5th Queftion.
for What Vear.	Money raifed - by Afleffment.			Poor who received conftant Relief.	Poor who received occa ft* onal Relief.	Expences ofO-verfeers in Jour-nies and Attendances on the ►Magiitrates.			Expences of Entertainments at Meetings ot the Inhabitants.			Expences in Law Bulinefs, Orders, Examinations, Certificates, and other Procedings refpeding the Poor.			Amount of Money applied for County Rates.			Expended for other Purpofes which did not concern the Poor.			Expended in providing Materials and Utenfilsfor fetting the Poor to Work.			• ‘ V
		s.	d.	No.	No.	£.	/. 1	d.	£•	s.	d.	£•	s.	d.	£•	j.	d.	£•	s.	d.	£•	s.	d.	
1783*  1784.  1783.											-													

Here the Perfon making the Return muft fubferibe his Name,

(j

C?

O

O

Hosted by

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. 0:57.'

Form of the Oath referred to by this A£t.

Y*OU/balljwear, That the anfwer and return now made hy you to the feveral queflions contained in the fchedule hereunto annexed\ is a full and true anfwer to the faid quejlions, to the bejl of your knowledge, information, and belief.

583

CAP. LVII.

An aft for the further regulation of the trial of perfons accufed of certain offences committed in the Eaft Indies $ for repealing fo much of an aCi, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An ad for the better regulation and management of the affairs of the Eajl India company, and of the Britijb poffefftons in India* and for eftablifhing a court of judicature for the more fpeedy and effedual trial of perfons accufed of offences committed in the Eaft Indies), as requires the fervants of the Eaft India company to driver inventories of their ejlates and effects; for rendering the laws more effectual againjl perfons unlawfully reforting to the Eaft Indies; and for the more eafy proof in certain cafes, of deeds and writings executed in Great Britain or India.

WrHEREAS, by an aft, made in the twenty fourth year of his Preamble.

Majeflfs reign, intituled, An act for the better re- Recital of act gulation and management of the affairs of the Eajl India com- »4Geo. 3. pany, and of the Britifh poffeffions in India 5 and for eftablifh- c* ing a court of judicature for the more fpeedy and effectual trial of perfops accufed of offences committed in the Eajl IndieSy divers provifons were made and enabled for the more effectually profe-cuting and bringing to fpeedy and condign punijhment the crime of extortion, and other mijdemeanors, committed in the Eaft Indies by Britifh fubjeCis, in the fervice of his Majejly, or of the faid company ; and particularly for conjlituting a fpecial court of judicature for the trial of any information, to be exhibited in his Majeflfs court of king's bench, againjl fuch offenders, under and by virtue of a commiffion, to be awarded under the great feal of Great Britain, directed to four members of the houfe of peers, fix members of the houfe of commons, and three of the judges of his Majeflfs courts of law at Weftmin-fter, fuch members and judges to be feleCted and chofen in the manner prefcribed by the faid a Cl; and the faid fpecial commijfioners, to be fo.

‘conflituted by fuch commiffion, or any feven or more of them, (of whom one of the faid three judges was to be one) , were, by the faid ad, invefled with full power and authority to. hear and determine every fuch information, and to pronounce judgement thereon, according ^ to the effect of the judgement at common law, upon convictions had and obtained according to the courfe, of the common law, for extortion « or other mifdemeanor: and whereas the felection of the members of the faid refpeCthe boufes of parliament, for the purpofes aforefaid, may be rendered more eafy and convenient: and whereas 'it is judged expedient, that, inflead off f 'even, not lefs than ten commijfioners to be

conflituted

Hosted by G( gle

5H

Within the firft 30 fitting davs of every feftion, lifts of *6 names to be delivered in fealed up, by the members of the upper houfe, from which ihall be felect-*d a 6 peers \

Anno vicefirao fexto Georgii III. c. 57. {1786.

tcnftituted by fuch eommijjion as aforefaid, floould have authority to hear and determine any fuch information, and, for that punpofe, that a greater number of members of each boufe of parliament, than is directed by the faid aCt, Jhouldy together with the faid three judges y be named and authorifed as commiffoners in and by fuch commtffion : and whereas it is alfo expedient, that,for giving greater vigour and efficacy to the proceedings and judgements of the faid [pedal commiffioners, further regulations floould be provided and ejtablijbed: may it there-' fore pleaie your Majefty that it may be enadted 3 and be it enabled by the King’s fnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritualand temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the members of the houfe of lords, by the faid adl directed to be named by the faid houfe for the pur-• pofes aforefaid, (hall bechofen, nominated, and appointed in the manner following, and no otherwife, any thing in the faid recited a& contained to the contrary notwithftanding; (that is to fay). That, within the firft thirty fitting days of the houfe of lords in every future feftion of parliament, the members of the faid houfe, or any of them, may refpedlively deliver in at the table, lifts inclofed in covers, fealed up, and having the words Eajl India Judicaturey and their refpedtive names or titles of honour, by which they are generally known and diftinguifhed, indorfed on the outfide thereof, in their refpediive proper hand writing; every fuch lift containing the names or titles of twenty-fix peers ; and that, on the firft fitting day after the expiration of the faid thirty days, the clerk of the parliaments, or his deputy or af-fiftant, or fuch other perfon as the faid houfe (hall diredl, (hall prepare and lay upon the table of the faid houfe a lift of the names or titles of the lords who (hall, within the faid thirty days, have delivered fuch lifts; and that, on the next fitting day of the faid houfe, the faid covers (hall be ope ned by the clerk of the parliaments, or his deputy or affiftant, or fuch other perion as the faid houfe (hall direcf, by the order of the fpeaker of the faid houfe, during the fitting of the laid houfe, and all the lifts which (hall be fo delivered (hall be taken out of the faid covers and put into a box; and the faid lifts (hall be referred by the faid houfe to a committee, who (hall examine the fame, and within fuch time as the faid houfe (hall diredt, report to the houfe the’name or title of every lord whofe name or title (hall appear in ten or more of fuch lifts; and if the names or titles of the refpedlrve members fo returned (hall not amount to twenty-fix members at the leaft, exclufively of fuch of the members fo returned as (hall be ftruck out of the faid lifts according to the directions of this adt, the members of the faid houfe, or any of them, may, on any of the next feven fitting days of the faid houfe, deliver in frefti lifts in covers fealed up, and indorfed in the manner herein-before dire&ed, each of fuch lifts containing a number of names or titles of members of the faid houfe, equal to that number by which the lift returned by the eommittee (hall, exclufively of the members ftruck out as afore-

faid*

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vJcefimo fexto GeoRGH III. c. 57.	585

faid, fall fhort of twenty-fix; and the faid covers (hall be opened, and the lifts difpofed of, referred, and proceeded upon after the end of the faid feven days, in the manner herein-before directed ~ in refpect to the faid former lifts.

II, And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the members of the houfe of commons, to be named by and in the that houfe for thepurpofes aforefaid, (hall be chofen, nominated, i^egr^ and appointed in the manner following, and no otherwife, any ^commoners thing in the faid recited act contained to the contrary not with- to be delivered {landing; (that is to fay), That within the firft thirty fitting ins from days of the faid houfe in every future feffion of parliament, the	Q

members of the faid houfe, or any of them, may refpectively Members.0

which fnallbe

deliver in at the table lifts, inclofed in covers, fealed up, and having the words Eafl India Judicature, and their refpective . names, indorfed on the outfide thereof, in their refpective proper hand writing, each of which lifts (hall contain the names of forty members of the faid houfe; and that, on the firft fitting day after the expiration of the faid thirty days, the clerk of the faid houfe, or his deputy or affiftant, or fuch other perfon as the houfe (hall direct, (hall prepare, and lay upon the table, the names of all the members who (hall have delivered fuch lifts ; and that on the next fitting day of the faid houfe, the clerk of the faid houfe, or any or either of fuch other perfons as aforefaid, (hall, at the table, during the fitting of the faid houfe, by the order of the fpeaker, take the lifts out of the faid covers, and put the faid lifts together into a box; and the faid lifts (hall be immediately referred, by the faid houfe, to a committee, who (hall examine the fame, and within fuch time as the houfe (hall direct, report to the houfe the name of every member whofe - name (hall appear in twenty or more of the faid lifts ; and if the names fo returned (halLnot amount to forty at the leaft, exclu-lively of fuch of the faid members therein named as (hall be ftruck out of the faid lifts according to the directions of this act, the members of the faid houfe, or any of them, may, on any of the next feven fitting days of the faid houfe, deliver in at the table of the faid houfe fre(h lifts, in covers, fealed up and indorfed in the manner herein-before directed, each lift containing a number of names of members of the faid houfe equal to that number by which the lift returned by the faid committee (hall, exdulively of fuch of the faid names as (hall be fo ftruck out, fall (hort of forty, and the faid’ lifts (hall be opened, difpofed of^ referred, and proceeded upon, after the end of the faid feven" days, in the manner herein-before directed in refpect to the faid • former lifts: and the like order and courfe reflectively as &fore-faid (hall be taken in each houfe of parliament, until the faid numbers of twenty-fix members of the houfe qf lords, and forty members of the houfe of commons, (hall have been returned to the faid refpective houfes, by the committees to whom the faid lifts (hall be referred, exclufively of fuch of the members fo returned as (hall be ftruck out of the faid lifts according to the? directions of this act,

III.	Pro-

Hosted by

Google

586

Perfons holding offices under the crown, chir« ing pleafure, &c. to be ftrnck out of the lifts.

Attno vicefimo fexto GeoRgii IIL c. £7.	[1786.

Ill, Provided always, and be it enabled. That if any of the perfons named in any of the lifts returned by the faid refpe&ive committees, (hall appear to hold any civil office of profit under the crown, during his Majefty’s pleafure, or to be, or to have been, a commiffioner for the affairs of India, or to be, or to have been, a director of the faid company, or to hold, or to have: held, any office or employment in the fervice of the faid company in India, the names of all and every fuch perfons (hall be (truck out of the faid lifts, by the order of the faid refpe&ive houfes of parliament.

Mode of deli- IV. Provided alfo, and he it further enacted, That if the de-

vering in of livery of the faid lifts at the tables of the refpective houfes of par-

lifts left tot e ]jament jn the manner diredted by this a6t, (hall occafion any houfes or par- .	’. r x * r r .' r . •	.	-

liament, if interruption or other bufinels, or be round inconvenient in any

that propofed other refpedt, it (hall be lawful for both or either of the faid houfes, by their order or orders, to fubftitute fuch other mode for the delivery of fuch lifts as the faid houfes (hall refpedtively think fit, and that the faid lifts (hall, after the making of any fuch order or orders, be delivered according to the tenor and directions thereof refpedtively; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V. And be it further enaded, That the names of the twenty-* fix peers and forty members of the houfe of commons, which (hall have been fo chofen by the faid refpedive hdufes of parliament, or the names of the twenty-fix peers and forty members of the houfe of commons, which (in cafe the faid lifts of both or either of the faid houfes (hall happen to contain a greater

be found in convenient.

The party accused may challenge 13 peers and 20 commoners contained in the lifts, as the names are

drawing by number of members than as aforefaid, refpe&ively) (hall have lot in the pre- been drawn by lot, according to the diredions of the faid former fence of the adt, 0r of fuch of them as (hall perfonally appear at the time and Gording^o"the P^ace appointed, in the manner by the faid ad direded, (hall be

recited ad.

Profecutor

put into a box, to be drawn by lot, in the prefence of the judges, to be appointed -according to the diredions of the faid recited ad, and of the parties to the information to be tried, or their counfel or agents : and the perfon or perfons againft whom the faid information (hall have been exhibited, (hall have the liberty, as the faid names are drawn out, to make peremptory challenges, to the number of thirteen of the peers, and twenty of the members of the houfe of commons, whofe names (hall have been put into the faid box; and his Majefty’s attorney ge-theVame neral, or other profecutor, as the cafe may happen, and alfo the number* party or parties againft whom fuch information (hall have been exhibited as aforefaid, (hall refpedively have power to make challenges to any of the names which (hall be fo drawn out, and to affign for caufe of challenge any fuch matter as, in the opinion of the three judges, or the majority of them, (hall appear, in their diferetion, fufficient to fet afide the perfon or perfons fo challenged, for the purpofe of obtaining equal juftice: The firft five and the firft five names of the (aid peers, and likewife the fiift peers, and the feven names of the faid members of the houfe of commons, firft (even which being drawn out (hall not be fo challenged, or againft

whom

Hosted by Google

17 86.] Anno vicefimo fexto Geor'gii III. C.57;	,	587

whom no challenge (hall have been allowed, (hall be returned commoners, by the faid judges to the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, or n*mes lords commiflioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Great ^nd Britain, who1 (hall caufe the faid five peers, and the faid feven challenged, to members of the hpufe of commons, by their refpedive proper be, with the riames or titles of honour, together with the names of the faid three judges, three judges, to be inferted in the fpecial commiffion to be iffued	com-

by virtue of the faid recited ad, and of this prefent ad ; and the miffiouers. perfons who fhall be fo named and authorifed in and by the faid commiffion, (hall appear within ten days, at the time and place to be appointed by the faid three judges, and (hall then and there take the following oath, before the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commiffioners of the great feal of Great Britain, for the time being, or any one of them:

I A. B. do jwear, That? as a commijfioner appointed by bis Ma- Commiffion-

jefty's commiffion for the trial of the information nozu at iffue €r8 oath* agahifl C. D. I will diligently attend fuch trial, and that I ivill hear and determine the fame to the bejl of my judgement, according to the evidence which Jhall be given.

So help me GOT).

VI. And be it further enaded, That if, by reafon of the chal- challenger lenges as aforefaid, the number of names fo drawn out as afore- ^^rnber^o faid fhall be reduced to lefs than five peers and feven members [ef8 than of the houfe of commons refpedively, then, and in fuch cafe, peers and fe-the faid three judges (hall forthwith certify the fame to the fpeak- yen commoners of the refpedive houfes of parliament, who fhall lay the fame before the faid houfes refpedively; and the faid houfes (hall re- out< fpedively proceed, within any of the next feven days on which the faid houfes (hall refpedively fit for the difpatch of bufinefs, to choofe, nominate, and appoint twenty-fix members of the houfe of lords, and forty members of the houfe of commons, after the manner and courfe aforefaid, the lifts of which faid refpedive members, fo chofen and appointed, fhall be tranfmitted to the clerk of the crown in his Majefty’s high court of chancery, or his deputy, and be inferted in a new commiffion, to be iffued in the manner herein-before and in the faid former ad direded: provided always, That no day on which the houfe of commons (hall have adjourned, for want of the prefence of a fufficient number of members to execute the provifions of the feveral ads parted in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, to regulate the trials of controverted eledions or returns of members to ferve in parliament, (hall be accounted one of the fitting days of the faid houfe, for any of the purpofes of this ad.

VII. And be it further enaded, That the faid fpecial com- Power of the miffioners to be appointed as aforefaid (hall have full power and commiffion-authoritv to bear and determine every fuch information, and to ers# pronounce judgement thereon according to the effed of the judgement of the common law, upon convidions had and obtained

Hosted by Google

5*8

Anrio vicefimo fexto GeoRGII III. c* 57. ' [1 jt6i

tained according to the coutfe of the common law, for extortion, or other mifdemeanof, and alfo to declare the party fo convided incapable of ferving the King’s majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or the faid united company, in any capacity whatever; and fuch judgement fo pronounced by the faid fpecial commiffioners as ' aforefaid, upon fuch information, (hall be good and effectual, and fhall.be conclufive, to all intents and purpofes ; and no Certiorari (hall be granted for removing the proceedings of the faid fpecial commiffioners, on fuch information, into any court whatever; and the proceedings of the faid fpecial commiffioners (hall not be impeached, or the validity thereof queftioned, in any adtion or fuit, or other proceeding, in any court of law or equity.

Ten commif- VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Patent to°a& the powers and authorities given and granted by the faid recited * a6l, and by this prefent act, unto the faid fpecial commiffioners, (hall and may be executed by or before any ten or more of them (of whom one of the faid three judges (hall always be one); and that no adl done or executed by or before the faid commiffioners, unlefs ten or more of the faid commiffioners (of whom one of the faid three judges (hall be one) (hall be prefent at the doing or executing thereof (fave and except in the particular cafes herein-after fpecially provided) (hall be valid or effectual; any thing in the faid former a<5t contained to the contrary notwith-(tanding.	\

Majority to jx. Provided alfo, and be it further enailed, That whenever an^tbe preli-	*Pecia^	commiffioners (hall not concur in opinion, upon

dent to have a any queftion or matter to be decided by or before them, every catting vote, fuch queftion or matter (hall be determined by the greater number of the faid commiffioners who (hall be then prefent, fo that the number of commiffioners then prefent be not lefs than ten as aforefaid; and if the faid commiffioners (hall at any time be equally divided in opinion, on any queftion or matter depending before them, the judge then fitting as prefident (hall have two voices, or the calling vote'.

If by death, X, And be it further enacted, That if any of the faid fpecial or otherwife, commiffioners (hall depart this life, or be excufed from attend* flioidd^e re- m l^e manner k}T this ac^ dire&ed, before the faid commif-duced under fion fhall. have been fully executed, fo that there (hall not be a ten, a new fufficient number of commiffioners to proceed in the due exe-commiflion to cutjon of fuch commiffion, according to the true intent and be made out. mean;ng 0f this act; or if all the faid three judges (hall happen to die, or be excufed from attending in the manner by this a<5t directed, whilft the faid commiffion (hall be depending; then, and in either of fuch cafes, and from thenceforth, the faid com-miffion, and the force and effe<5t thereof, (hall ceafe, and a new commiffion (hall be awarded for hearing the matter of fuch information, for which fuch former commiffion was iffued, and the trial of fuch information (hall begin de novo ; fave only and except with refpeft to the examinations or depofitions of any wit-neffes (if any) which (hall have been taken in writing under the

a	faid

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno yicefimo fexto GeoRGII III* C. 57.	589

faid former commiffion, which examinations or depofitions (hall and may be received and admitted as evidence under fuch new commiffion.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid fpecial commif- Commiflion-fioners ihali feverally attend in court during the whole trial for ^Hn/the which they (hall be appointed as aforefaid, and none of the faid whoIe trial, commiffioners (hall in any wife abfent himfelf from the fame unlefs abfent (except as hereafter is provided); and the faid court (hall at no by leave, time proceed in the faid trial until all the faid fpecial commiffioners, not having obtained fuch leave of abfence, or not having been excufed as herein-after is provided, (hall be met and af-fembled ; and if the faid fpecial commiffioners (except as afore- If all do not faid) (hall not all meet and aflemble withia the fpace of one .me.et*the ma* hour after the time to which they (hall have adjourned, fuch of them as (hall be then prefent, or the major part of them, (hall y j make an order for a further adjournment of the trial, in which order the caufe of fuch further adjournment (hall be exprefled, and a copy of fuch order, figned by the regifter to the faid commiffioners, (hall be ferved upon, or left at the ufual or laft place or places of abode of, the faid abfent commiflioner or commiffioners refpe&ively; and at fuch further adjourned meeting the <^aufe of ab-caufe of his or their abfence (hall be inquired into by the fpecial commiffioners who (hall be then prefent, before the faid com- ^uire m miffioners (hall proceed to any other bufinefs; and if it (hall not be made appear, to the fatisfa&ion of the faid commiffioners, by fads fpecially ftated, and verified before them upon oath (or, in the cafe of fuch fads being verified by a peer of the realm, then upon his honour) that fuch abfent commiflioner or commiffioners was or were, by fudden accident, or by neceflity, pre-venred from attending at the faid former fitting, it (hall and may be lawful for the fpecial commiffioners then prefent, or the major part of them, to pafs fuch cenfure upon fuch commiflioner Abfentees or commiffioners who (hall have been fo abfent, as they (hall ^re^or^ned think fit, and alfo to impofe upon fuch commiflioner or com- and difabled * miffioners refpedively, for fuch negled cf duty, or upon any from ading. commiffioner or commiffioners who (hall depart from the faid court during the fitting, and before an adjournment thereof, fuch fine or fines as the faid commiffioners, or the greater number of them then prefent, (hall think fit, fo that no'fuch fine (hall exceed the fum of five hundred pounds ; which fine or fines (hall How fines are be forthwith eftreated by one or more of the faid three judges, tobelevied. into the court of exchequer, and the like procefs (hall be awarded by the faid court of exchequer, for levying the faid fine or fines for his Majefty’s ufe, as is ufually awarded for the levying of other fines eftreated into the faid court of exchequer ; and the faid fpecial commiffioners (hall alfo have full power and authority to order or declare, that any commiflioner or commiffioners, who (hall be fo cenfured, or on whom any fuch fine or fines (hall be impofed, (hall be difabled from adling in the further execution of fuch commiffion.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it (haft Leave of ab-Vol. XXXV,	Rr	and	fence may be

Hosted by Google

hours, except oin occafions herein fpeci. fied.

590	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 57.	[1786/

granted to	ar)d may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or the greater

ers^ho how- number them, to grant leave of abfence to any of the faid com-ever, are dif-* miffioners, upon proof, to their fatisfa<Sion, of ficknefs or other qualified. urgent oceafion; and fuch of the faid commiffioners who (hall obtain leave of abfence as aforefaid, and (hall accordingly be ab-fent during any part of fuch trial, (hall be no longer capable of a&ing under fuch commiffion; any thing contained in the faid former adi, or in this aff, to the contrary nqtwithftanding. thlTcom3 ^al XIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That after the mfffioners nottria^ any information (hall have commenced and been begun to adjourn for by and before the faid fpecial commiffioners, the faid commif-mqre than a4 fioners (hall fit every day, Sunday, Chriftmas^day, and Good Friday, only excepted 5 ana the faid commiflioners (hall never adjourn for a longer time than twenty four-hours, unlefs a Sunday, Chrijl-mas-day, or Good Friday, (nail happen to intervene, in which cafe their adjournment (hall not exceed twenty-four hours, ex-clufive of fuch Sunday, Chrijlmas-day, or Good Friday: provided alfo. That if the number of the faid fpecial commiflioners capable of adling in the execution of fuch commiffion, according to the diredtions of this a<S, (hall, by death or otherwife, be reduced to ten, and any of fuch ten commiflioners (hall be prevented by fudden accident, or by neceffity, from attending fuch trial, the faid other commiflioners, or the greater number of them, (hall arid may, at their difcretion, adjourn and fufpend the proceedings upon fuch trial, from time to time* as circumftancee may require, fo that any fuch adjournment (hall not exceed three days, and the number of fuch fucceflive adjournments (hall not, in the whole, exceed ten adjournments; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enadted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid fpecial commiflioners to conftitute and appoint fuch clerks, tipftaffs, meflengers, and other officers, to attend upon them in the execution of their faid commiffion, and to do and perform all fuch matters and things as (hall be ordered or given to them in charge by the faid commiffioners, as the faid commiffioners (hall think fit; and fuch feveral clerks and other officers (hall be diligently attendant upon, and fubjedt and obedient to the faid commiffioners, and may be fufpended, removed, or difcharged, or be puniflied by fine or fines, to be im-pofed by the faid commiffioners, for any negledl of duty or disobedience, at the difcretion of the faid commiffioners; which* fines (hall he eftreated into his Majefty’s court of exchequer, by one or more of the faid three judges, and (hall and may be levied and recovered, for his Majefty's ufe, by‘the procefs of the faid

Commiffion-ers may appoint clerks, See. who may be removed, &c.

How clerks, &c. are to be paid.

court; and all and every of fuch clerks and other officers (hall be paid, by the parties informant or informants, and defendant or defendants, named in fuch information, the fame or the like fees and allowances as the refpediive officers attendant upon his Mar jefty's court of king's bench, upon trials of informations for mif-demeanors profecuted in the faid court, are entitled to receive from the parties thereto, refpe&ively, according to the ftations

and

Hosted by

Google

591

1786.} Anno viceSmo lexto GeoRGII III. 0*57*

and duties of fuch officers refpeCtively,

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever an informa- Court of tion (hall be exhibited in the faidcourt of king’s bench, againft king’s beqch^ any perfon or perfons, for the crime of extortion, or other mif- ^an-ant^for demeanor, committed in the Eaft Indies, in every fuch cafe, up- apprehending on a certificate from the coroner and attorney of our lord the perfons accu-king, (commonly called The Clerk of the Croivn in the court of of extor-king’s bench,_or The Majlerof the Crown Office in the faid court), [h^Eaftindk*. or any or either of his fworn clerks in the faid office, that fuch information hath been filed, (which information, in cafe the

fame (hall be filed when the court of king’s bench (hall not be fitting, (hall be confidered as filed on the laft day of the preceding term), it fhall and may be lawful to and for the lord chief juftice, or any of the other judges of the faid court, at the infiance of fuch profecutor or profecutors, to iffue his warrant, under his hand and feal, directed to all fherifls, mayors, bailiffs, eonfiables, and other peace officers, and to fuch other perfon or perfons as fhall be named for that purpofe by fuch prcrfecutor dr profecutors, for apprehending and attaching the party or parties defendant or defendants to fuch information; and if fuch party or parties fhall efcape or go into, refide, or be in any place within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, it fhall and may be lawful for the fheriff or fteward depute of fubfritutt*, or any juftice qf the peace of the county or place into which fuch party or parties fhall efcape or go, or in which he or they fhall refide or be, to indorfe his name on the faid warrant; which warrant fo indorfed lhall be a fufficient authority to all perfons ro whom fuch warrant was originally directed, and alfo to all fheriffs officers, ftewards officers, eonfiables, and other peace officers of the faid county or place, by the fheriff, fteward depute or fubfiitute, or juftice of the peace whereof fuch warrant fhall be fo indorfed, to execute the faid warVant in the fame county or place, by apprehending the party or parties againft whom fuch warrant fhall have been granted, and to convey and bring fuch party or parties in fafe cuftody before the faid court of king’s bench, or before the lord chief juftice or any of the judges of the faid court, to be further dealt with according to the directions of the faid former aCt, and this prefent aCt.

XVI.	And be it further enaCted, That it fhall and may be Parties infor-lawful to and for the party or parties againft whom any fuch in- raed aSainft formation (hall be exhibited as aforefaid, (not being attached), n^ed°or"to to furrender himfelf or themfelves in the faid court of king’s JjndbailT bench at. any time during the fitting of the faid court, to be dealt

with according to the directions of the faid former act, and this prefent aCt, or if the faid court fhall not be fitting, unto the faid' lord chief juftice, or any other of the judges of the faid court; and that when and fo often as any fuch party or parties fhall furrender himfelf or themfelves out of court as aforefaid, or fhall, during any vacation, or when the faid court fhall not be fitting, be attached and brought before the faid lord chief juftice, pr Other judge, under any warrant or attachment iffued by virtue of

R r a v	the

592	Anno vicefimo fextoGEORGii III. c. 57.	[1786.

the faid former aft or this prefent aft, the faid lord chief juftice, or other judge, (hall and may order fuch party or parties to ftand committed to theprifon of the Matjhalfea^ or to the tower of LondotiyOt to the gaol of Newgcte, at the discretion of the faid lord chief juftice or other judge, there to be detained until he or they (hall be delivered by due courfeoflaw, or until he or they, together with two Sufficient Sureties, (hall have entered into a recognizance unto the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, in fuch fum of money, and with fuch condition for his appearance, and for Submitting to the judgement to be pronounced in and upon fuch information, as the faid lord chief juftice, or other judge, (hall, in his discretion, order and dire#. Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commif-fioners to order any perfon in cuftody, under the provifions of this aft, to be from time to time brought up and remanded in fuch manner as to the faid commiffioners (hall feem meet.

Mode of pro- XVII. And be it further enafted. That when and fo often a* ceedtngr when any party or parties, againft whom any fuch information as afore-fcond* ^ faid	^hibited, not be attached, or (hall not have

Surrendered as aforefaid, and proof (hall be made, by any affidavit or affidavits, to the fatisfaftion of the Said court of king’s bench, that fuch party or parties is or are beyond the feas, or that, upon enquiry at his or their ufual place or places of abode, or laft known place or places of refideoce in Great Britain* he or they could not be found, and that there is juft ground to believe that fuch party or parties is or are gone, or doth or do continue out of the realm, or doth or do otherwife abfeond, to avoid being attached to anfwer the matters charged in and by fuch information; then, and in fuch cafe, the faid court (hall and may make a rule or order, direfting and appointing fuch party or parties to furrender himfelf or themfelves in the faid court, or to the lord chief juftice, or one of the other judges of the faid court, at a certain day in and by fuch rule or order to be limited and expreffed, at the diferetion of the Said court; and a copy of fuch rule or order (hall, within twenty days after the making thereof, be inferted three Several times in the London Gazette \ and another copy of fuch rule or order (hall, within the time aforefaid, be affixed in fome confpicuous and pubJick place in the India houfe: and if the faid party or parties (hall not furrender himfelf or themfelves refpeftively, according to the tenor of fuch rule or order, within the time therein to be limited for that purpofe, or within fuch further time as the faid court (hall appoint or direft (which the faid court is hereby impowered to do, op application being made on the behalf of fuch party or parties, if the faid court (hall fee caufe), then, on proof being made of the publication of fuch rule or order in manner aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty’s attorney general, or other profecutor, by rule and leave of the faid court (which rule and leave the faid court is hereby impowered to grant) to caufe an appearance, and the plea of not guilty, to be entered for fuch party or parties charged by the faid information p

Hosted by Google

593

1786.]: Anno viccfimo fexto Georgii III. C. 57.

and the faid information fhall thereupon proceed as if the party or parties had appeared and pleaded not guilty thereto.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That in Notice of all cafes where the plea of not guilty fhall be entered for the trial to be party or parties defendant or defendants to any information, by Slven* the profecutor or profecutors thereof, by virtue and according to

the directions of this a£l, it fhall be fufficient, in order to the hearing and determining of fuch information, for fuch profecutor or profecutors to give fourteen days notice of the day appointed for the trial thereof, by advertifement in the London Gazette; any law, ufage, or pradtice, to the contrary notwithftandiftg.

XIX.	And be it further enadted. That if any party or par- Judgement to ties charged by any fuch information as aforefaid, fhall make de- ^ecfb^the1" fault in his or their perfona! appearance, at the pronouncing of commiffion. judgement, in the matter of fuch information, by and before the ere, though faid fpecial commiflioners; it neverthelefs fhall and may be law- the parties ful for the faid commiflioners to pronounce judgement upon do not appear, fuch information, in the fame manner as if the faid party or

parties was or were perfonally prefent; and every fuch judgement fhall be as valid, effectual, and conclufive, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if the faid party or parties had been perfonally prefent at the pronouncing thereof; xany law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That whenever the party or Parties dur-parties charged by any fuch information fhall perfonally appear becommiTtcS. before the faid fpecial commiflioners, on the hearing or trial

thereof, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid fpecial commiflioners, at any time during thecourfe of fuch trial, to order fuch party or parties to ftand committed to the prifon of the Marjhalfea, or to the tower of Londony or to the gaol of Newgate, at the difcretion of the faid fpecial CQmmiflioners, there to be detained until judgement fhall be pronounced in the matter of the faid information, unlefs he or they fhall be previoufly delivered or difcharged by the rule or order of the faid commiflioners.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or per- Difturbersof fons fhall be guilty of any contempt or difturbance in the court ajjfo ^com-^ of the faid commiflioners, during the fitting of the court, it fhall mitted.

and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners to order fuch perfon or perlons to be taken into cuftody, by any officer or officers to be appointed by the faid commiflioners to attend the faid court, and to ftand committed to the prifon of the Marjhalfea, or the gaol of Newgate, at their difcretion, to be there kept for fuch time as the faid commiflioners fhall order and * diredl.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That the judgements which Judgementsof

fhall be made and pronounced by the faid fpecial commiflioneis, loners”?o^be according to the diredtions, and under the authority of the faid executed by recited adfr, and this prefent a<5t, fhall, when and fo foon as the the court of fard judgements and other proceedings fhall have been delivered king’* bench, over, by the regifter to the faid commiflioners, to the clerk of	to be final.

R r 3	the

$94	Ann©	vicefimo fexto Georoii III, c. 57. {1786.

the crown in the laid court of king’s bench, otherwife called The Coroner and Attorney of our Lord the King, or The Mafter of the Crown Office in the faid court), in the manner direded by the faid former a61, be executed and enforced by the authority of the faid court of king’s bench, and fuch proceedings to outlawry, and other proceedings, againft the feveral and refpe&ive defendants thereto, (hall and may be had thereon, in the like manner-as, according to the courfe and pradice of the faid court, may be had upon judgement made and pronounced by the faid court; and the judgements of the faid fpeciai commif-fioners (hall be final and conclusive, to all intents and purpofes whatever, and (hail not bearrefted, defeated, reverfed, or avoided, or liable to be arrefted, defeated, reverfed, or avoided, for or by reafpn or means of any error, defed, or want of form in any fuch judgement, or in the information whereon the fame (hall be given or pronounced, or in the award of any procefs thereon, or in the record of the iflue for the trial thereof; any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded and declar-Thi8,orthe ed. That nothing in the faid recited ad, or in this prefent ad recited aft, contained, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to deprive perfonsofany therprofeoutor or profecutors of any fuch information as afore-right they are f^d, or the party or parties defendant or defendants thereto!, of entitled to by any right, liberty, benefit, pr ad vantage, to which, by the law jaw, etc. of the land, or the rules of pradice of the court of king’s.bench, fuch profecutor or profecutors, defendant or defendants, is or are, or would, could, or might have been intitled, upon any other information of a like nature, depending in the faid court of king’s bench, before iflue in fad joined therein ; nor to prevent or reftrid the faid court of king’s bench from exercifing any fuch power or authority as would, could, or might have been legally exercifed by the faid court of king’s bench, in the matter of any fuch information, before iflue in fad joined therein, if the faid former ad, or this prefent ad, had not been made; any thing in the faid former ad, or this prefent ad, contained to the contrary notwithftanding,

’Mode of pro* XXIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That if the ee*din8j party or parties charged by any fuch information as aforefaid, murrersare	enter a demurrer to fuch information, and fuch demurrer

entered, (hall he over-ruled by the faid court of king’s bench., fuch party “or parties (hall, within eight days next after the faid court (hall - have given judgement on fuch demurrer, unlefs a writ of error (hall be brought thereon, and then within eight days next after fuch judgement (hall be affirmed, or fuch writ of error (hall be nonpros’d, enter the plea of not guilty to fuch information, or, in default thereof, the faid plea of not guilty (hall and may be entered, for and in the name or names of fuch party or parties, by his Majefty’s attorney general, or other profecutor; and the faid information (hall proceed in the like manner as if no demurrer had been entered thereto ; any law, or the ufege or pra&ice of the faid court* to the contrary notwitbfianding.

XXV. Pro-

Hosted by Google

59S

l?$6.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 57.

XXV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled and declared.

That if his Majefty’s attorney general, or other profecutor or Informations profecutors of any fuch information, (hall be defirous of having m?y be deter-the fame proceeded in, tried, and determined in the faid court ^urtofking’a of king’s bench, and /hall move the faid court for that purpofe, bench, then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid court (hall grant a rule

or order for retaining fuch information in the faid court, and the faid information (hall be accordingly retained by the faid court of king’s bench, and (hall be heard, tried, adjudged, and determined by the faid court of king’s bench, in fuch and the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as an information of the like nature would, could, or might have been proceeded in, heard, tried, and determined, in and by the faid court, in cafe the faid former adt or this prefent adt had not been made; any thing in the faid former adt or this prefent adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enadled, That whenever the party How fines, or parties, againft whom any fuch information (hall have been etc* are exhibited as aforefaid, (hall be adjudged to pay a fine or fines to recoTere • his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs; and alfo whenever any recognizance or recognizances entered into under the faid former

adt or this prefent adt, (hall become forfeited, the faid court of king’s bench, or, in cafe the faid court (hall not be then fitting, the lord chief juftice of the fame court, (hall and gray forthwith, at the inftance of his Majefty’s attorney general, or other profecutor, deliver to the lord chief baron, or any other of the barons of the court of exchequer, an eftreat of the fine or fines, recognizance or recognizances, fo adjudged or become forfeited refpedtively as aforefaid; and the faid lord chief baron, or other of the faid barons, ftiall thereupon, at the requifition of the faid attorney general, or other profecutor, authorife and diredt the proper officer of the fame court to award, and fuch officer '

(hall accordingly forthwith award, under the feal of the fame court, one or more fpecial writ or writs of extendi facias and capias, or other fpecial procefs, againft the faid party or parties adjudged to pay fuch fine or fines, or the principal or principals, and fureties, in fuch recognizance or recognizances refpedtively, and their lands, tenements, and hereditaments, goods, chattels, and * effedts, diredted into fuch county or counties, cities, places, or liberties, to the proper (fierifFs, or other officers of the fame refpedtively, for the due execution thereof, as the faid attorney general, or other profecutor, (hall defire or require in that behalf; and if fuch party gr parties, or fuch principal or principals, and fureties, or any of them* (hall have, or be feized or pofleffed of, or entitled to, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, goods, chattels, eftate, or effedts, fituate, lying, or being within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or mall be re-fident in that part of the faid united kingdom, then, and in either of fuch cafes, his Majefty’s court of exchequer in Scotland, or, when the faid court (hall not be fitting, the lord chief ifgrort, or any other of the herons of the faid court of .exchequer

Rr4	in

Hosted by Google

59^	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii III. c. 57. [1786.

in Scotland, upon a copy or tranfcript of the eftreat of fuch fine or fines, recognizance or recognizances, being fent' or tranf* mitted into the fame court, or delivered to the faid lord chief baron, or any other of the barons of the fame cdurt, from and under the feal of the court of exchequer m England, or under the hand and feal of the lord chief baron, or any other of the barons thereof, (and which copy or tranfcript the faid court of exchequer in England, or, when the faid court (hall not be fitting, the lord chief baron, or any other of the barons of the fame court, is and are hereby required, at the inftance of his Majefty’s attorney general, or other profecutor, to fend and tranfmit accordingly), (hall and may forthwith, at the inftance of the faid attorney general, or other profecutor, carry on fuch proceedings, and award fuch and the like procefs and procefTes as is and are competent by the lav/ of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for recovery of debts due to the crown.	f

Mode of re- XXVII. And be it further enabled. That if it (hall at any from^o ert§	mac^e	appear,	to	the fatisfadlion of the faid court of

in°t™ePEaftein- exchequer in England, at the inftance of his Majefty’s attorney dies,when the general, or other profecutor, «by motion in the faid court on his effetfs in Bri- or their behalf, that fuch party or parties, principal or princi-tam are infuf- pals, or fureties, as aforefaid, or any of them, have no lands, cient* tenements, or other eftate or effedls in Great Britain, or that the fame (if any) are not fufficient to anfwer the fum or fums forfeited by fuch recognizance or recognizances, or due for fuch fine or fines, refpedlively, and that fuch party of parties, principal or principals, or fureties, or any of them, (hall have, or be feized or poflfefied of, or entitled to, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, eftate, or effedls, within any of the Britijh pofleftions in the Edjl Indies, refpedlively, (the faid fum or fums, fine or fines, not being paid and fatisfied), then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid court of exchequer (hall and may, by rule or order of the faid court, caufe one or more tranfcript or tranfcripts of the eftreats of the faid recognizance or recognizances, fine or fines, to be fealed with the feal of the faid court, or to be otherwife attefted, as the faid court (hall diredl, and the fame, fo fealed or attefted, (hall be clofed up under the feals of any two of the barons of the faid court, diredled to the fupreme court of judicature in Bengal, and to the mayor’s courts at Madras and Bombay, ox to any or either of the faid courts, as the cafe (hall or may require; and the fame (hall be delivered by the faid barons, or one of them, to fuch agent or agents as the profecutor or pro-fecutors (hall nominate or appoint for that purpofe; which agent or agents (or, in the cafe of his or their death, the per-fon into whofe hands the fame (hall come), (hall deliver fuch tranfcript or tranfcripts to one of the judges of the faid fupreme court, or mayor’s courts, refpediively, as the cafe may be or require, and make oath that he or they did receive the fame from the hands of one of the faid barons (or in what other manner the fame came into his or their hands), and that the

fame

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

597

j;S6.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgij III. C. 57*

fame hath not, or have not, been opened or altered fince he or they To refpe&ively received the fame, (which oath any of the faid judges of any of the faid courts in India are hereby autho-rifed and required to adminifter); and thereupon fuch tranfcrfpt or tranfcripts fhall be filed and recorded in fuch of the faid courts in India to which the fame fhall be fo diredled, as the cafe may require j and, upon motion to be made in fuch courts or court for that purpofe, for and on the behalf of fuch profe-cutor, or profecutors, the like procefs and proceedings (hall and may, from time to time, be awarded and had, by and in the faid fupreme court of judicature, and the faid mayor’s courts at Madras and Bombay, refpecftively, or any or either of them, againft the lands,‘tenements, or hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, eftate, and effects of the faid party or parties, principal or principals, and fureties, within the limits of the jurifdidtions of fuch refpe<5tive courts in the Eaji Indies, as might or could have been awarded or had in the faid court of exchequer in England, againft the lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, eftates, and effects of the fame party or parties, principal or principals, or fureties, in England; and the fame (hall be valid and effe&ual, any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIIL And whereas it is by the faid recited alt enafied, That Recital of a & in all cafes of informations laid or exhibited, by virtue of the faid afty 24 9e°' J*c# in the court of king's bench,for mifdemeanors or offences committed in %*9 €	*

India, it fhall be lawful for the faid court to award a writ or writs of mandamus to the chief jujlice and judges of the fupreme court of Fort William, or the judges of the mayor9 s court of any of the Bri-ti(h fettlements in India, as the cafe may require, who are thereby refpeftively authorifed and required accordingly tox hold a court for the examination of witneffes, and receiving other proofs concerning the matters charged in fuch informations refpe lively y and that fuch examination Jhall be then and there openly takeny and reduced into writings in manner therein mentioned, and fent to his Majejly, in his court of king's bench, clofed upy and under the feals of two or more of the judges of the faid fupreme courts and that one or more of the judges of the faid fupreme court Jhall deliver the fame to the agent or agents of the party or parties requiring the fame\ which faid agent or agents (or, in cafe of his or their death, the perfon into whofe hands the fame Jhall come) Jhall deliver the fame to one of the clerks in court cf his Majejlys court of king's bench, in the publick office, and make oath that he received the fame from the hands of one or more of the judges of fuch court in India (or in what manner the fame came into his bands j, and that the fame hath not been opened or altered fince he fo received the fame: and whereas a doubt may arifey whether fuch examinations as may be taken by the judges of the mayor's court in any of the Britifh fettlements in India, by force and virtue of the faid alls may be lawfully fent, clofed up, under the feals of the fame judges, and whether any one or more of the fame judges is or are im-powered to deliver the fame to the agent or agents of the party requiring the fame 1 be it therefore enacted. That every examina- examinations

C	tion	in India to be

59«

fcaled op and given to the agents of the parties, to be delivered to the clerks of the king’s bench.

terfqns refluent in .India amenable to the courts there.

Governor,etc. of Fort Saint George, etc. to have jurif-di&ion in all matters civil and criminal.

So much of recited a& as relates to delivery afia*

Anno vicelimo fexto Georgii HI. c. 57. [1786.

tfon which (hall or may be had or taken by the judges of the mayor’s court of any of the Britijb fettlements in India* by force and virtue of the faid aft (being reduced into writing, as in the faid aft is directed or mentioned) (hall be fent to his Majefty, in his court of king’s bench, clofed up, and under the feals of two or more of the judges of the mayor’s court of any of the Brttijh fettlements in India, and one or more of the judges of the fame court (hall deliver the fame to the agent or agents of the party or parties requiring the fame; which faid agent or agents (or, in cafe of his or their death, the perfon into whofe hands the fame (hall come) (hall deliver the fame to one of the clerks of his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, in the publick office, and make fuch or the like oath as is in and by the faid adt diredfced and preferibed; any thing in the faid adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enadled. That as well the fervants of the faid united company, as all other of his Majefty’s fub-jedts refident or to be refident in India9 (hall be, and are hereby declared to be amenable to the courts of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, and courts of general or quarter feffions of the peace, in any of the Britijb fettlements in India9 for all murders, felonies, homicides, manflaughters, burglaries, rapes of women, perjuries, confederacies, riots, routs, retainings, oppreffions, trefpaffes, wrongs, and other mifdemeanors, offences, and injuries whatfoever, by them done, committed, or perpetrated, or to be by them hereafter done, committed, or perpetrated, in any of the countries or parrs of Afia, Africa, or America, beyond the Cape of Good Hope9 to the Streights of Magellan, within the limits of the exclufive trade of the faid united company, whether the fame (hall have been done, committed, or perpetrated, or (hall hereafter be done, committed, or perpetrated, againft any of his Majefty’s fubjedls, or againft any other perfon or perfons whatever.

• XXX. And be it further enabled and declared, That the governor or prefident and council of Fort Saint George9 for the time being, in their courts of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, and quarter, or general feffions of the peace, and alfo the mayor’s court at Madras, according to their feveral and refpec-tive judicatures, (hall have cognizance and jurifdidtion, as well civil as criminal, over all Britijb fubjedls whatfoever, who now refide or (hall hereafter refide within any of the forts, fa&ories, towns, lands, or territories, in the poffeffion of the faid united company, on the coaft of Coromandel, or in any other part of the Carnatic, or in the five northern circars, including thofe parts of the laid circars which lie within the kingdom or province of Orixa, or within any of the dominions or territories of the fpubah of the Deckan^ the nabob of Amt9 or the rajah of Tanjore.

XXXI.	And be it further enadted, That fo much of the faid recited adt as requires or diredts any perfon or perfons now being, or who may hereafter be, ip the fervice of the faid united

company

" Hosted by Google

iy86.] Anno viceSmo facto Georgii 1H. c. 57.	599

company in India* to deliver any particular or inventory of his ventories of or their lands, tenements, goods, chattels, debts, fecurities for efFe&s, etc. money, and other real and perfonal eftate and property, or as rePeaed* fubje&s any fuch perfon or perfons to any pain, penalty, or forfeiture for any negleCt or omiflion therein, or for any untrue fpecification of his or their eftates or properties, or as directs any allowance or reward to be made or given to any perfon making difcovery of any eftate or property concealed, or not fpecified, difclofed, or defcribed, by any fuch particular or inventory as aforefaid, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXXII.	And whereas [unity afts of parliament -have been heretofore made* and are now in force* for fecuring the whole* [ole* and exclufive trade in* to, and from the Eaft Indies, and all places between the Cape of Good Hope and the Streights of Magellan, to the faid united company, by which Jaid alls* or fome of them, the offenders againfl the fame are made fubjefi and liable to divers punifh-ments* forfeitures* and penalties in the faid a fts refpeftively mentioned* which offences may be profecuted, and the f aid forfeitures and penalties fued for and recovered* in fome or one of his Majeflfs courts of record at Weftminfter: and whereas it may be neceffary and proper , in certain cafes, that the [aid offences fhould be profecuted, and the faid forfeitures and penalties fued for and recovered* in the courts ofjujlice in the Eaft Indies : be it therefore enaCted, That all of- From Jan. r» fences which (hall be committed after the firft day of January* 1787, oflfencet one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, againft any law ffwsfor fe-now in force for fecuring the exclufive trade in, to, and from curing the the Eafl Indies, and places aforefaid, to the faid united company, Eaft India and all forfeitures and penalties to be incurred after the faid trade may be firft day of January* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- Eaft Indies feven, for illicitly trading or for being in the Eafl Indies, or doing any other aCt againft the faid laws or ftatutes, or any of them, (hall and may be profecuted, fued for, and recovered in the fupreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal* or in the refpeCtive mayor’s courts of Fort Saint George and Bombay, in like manner as the fame can or,may be profecuted, fued for, and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weji-minfler * and it (hall-and may be lawful for the faid refpeCtive courts in the Eaft Indies to pafs and give the like judgement, in fuch profecutions, actions, and fuits, as might be pafled and given, for the like matter, caufe, or thing, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Wejiminjler* and to carry fuch judgements into execution, and to order any offender or offenders, after conviction for any fuch offence, to be fent and conveyed to Great Britain:* any thing contained in any of the faid ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaCted, That when any (hip, Caufesoffei-veffel, goods, merchandize, or other effects, (hall be feized in sure may be the Eafl Indies, or other parts within the limits of the faid th^ETftT^11 company’s exclufive trade, under the authority or for the ufe	Q"

of the faid united company,, for or by reafon of any forfeiture incurred, or fuggefted to have been incurred, by the owner or

owners

*	Google

expired, fub-je& to the penalties of unlicenied perfons.

&Q& *	Anno	vicefimo	fexto Georgii III. 0*57. [1786.

owners thereof, under any of the laws or ftatutes aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid fupreme court, or either of theTaid mayor’s courts, to hear and determine the caufe of fitch feizure, or any* matter of complaint concerning the fame, and to proceed to condemnation or reftoration of the property and effects fo feized, and to give judgement thereon, and to carry fuch judgement into execution, in like manner as his Majefty’s court of exchequer could or might have done, if fuch feizure had been made in any port or place in England5 any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	And whereas doubts have arifen, whether fuch perfons refident within the limits of the faid company's excluftve trade, whofe licences Jhall. have expired, or who Jhall have ceafed to be employed in the fervice of the faid company, are fubjefl to thefeveral regulations pro-vifions, penalties, and forfeitures, by any att or atts of parliament .made or impofed touching fuch perfons as Jhall go to, traffick, trade, or adve7iture in, or be or be found within the limits aforefaid, contrary to the prohibitions and reftriftions in the faid fever al alls con-

Perfcns whofe tained; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all and licences have every perfon and perfons whofe licence or licences to go to, or trade, traffick, or refide within, the limits aforefaid, (hall have ceafed and determined, or who (hall have been difmiffed from, or refigned the faid company’s fervice, and (hall be found within the limits aforefaid after fuch time as (hall be allowed by the governor and council of the refpective prefidencies in India wherein fuch perfon or perfons (hall be found, {hall be deemed and taken, to all intents and purpofes, to be fubjedt to all the provifions, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures by any adi or adls made or impofed upon any perfon or perfons who (hall repair, fail, or go to, or traffick, trade, or adventure in, or be or be found in any place within the limits aforefaid, without licence having been obtained from the faid company, or without having been in the faid company’s fervice.

XXXV.	And be it further enadted, That the powers and authorities in and by the faid adts, and every or any of them, given, granted, or provided, for taking, arrefting, feizing, remitting, fending, or bringing to England, any perfon or perfons being in the Eajl Indies, or in the limits or parts aforefaid,

-	.	contrary	to	the provifions of the faid adts, or of this adt, and

etci°	for feizing any (hips, veffels, goods, or effedts, made liable to

feizure by the faid company by any law now in force, (hall and may be enforced and put in execution by, or by the order and authority of the governor general and council of Bengal, or the prefident and council of Fort Saint.George and Bombay, refpec-tively, or by any refident at any other of the Britijh fettiements in tfre Eajl Indies, for the time being, refpedtively, or by, or by the order and authority of the company’s council of fupercar-goes for the time being, at the town or fadtory. of Canton, within the faid town or fadtory, and upon the river of Canton, and by fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall, from time to time, be fpecially deputed and authorifed for that purpofe by the

court

Powers of

feizing, etc. tmlicenfed perfons and {hips, may be exercifed by the governor,

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii IIL 0*57.	601

court of directors of the faid company for the time being, in the name of the faid company.

XXXVI.	Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enaded

and declared. That no perfon now being in the Eaji Indies or Perfons to other parts within the limits of the company's exclufive trade,^ and who (hall not have had notice given to him, by the order notbTe^gi^f or authority of the faid court of directors, or by the governor en, may congeners! and council of Fort William, or the governor or prefi- tinue in the dent and council of Fort Saint George or Bombay, before the paf- Indies till Jan. fing of this ad, to remove or withdraw himfelf from the faid 1% 17 * parts and limits, (hall, before the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, be liable to be ar-refted, feized, or brought to England, under the authority of this ad, on account of his going to, or trading, trafficking, redding, or being found in the Eaft Indies, or parts aforefaid, without licence or other lawful authority in that behalf; to the intent that every fuch perfon may have a reafonable time to fettle and adjuft his private affairs; any thing in this ad, or in any other ad, contained to the contrary notwithftanding: provided alfo, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the go- Governor!, * vernor general and council of Fort William, and the governor ™"at!licencci and council of Fort Saint George and Bombay, and the refident for two ycarg at Fort Marlborough, within their refpedive prefidencies or li- from Jan. 1, mits, to grant licences, in their difcretion refpedively, under *737* their hands and feals, to any of his Majefty’s fubjeds now refi-dent, in the prefidencies or places aforefaid, for permitting fuch fubjeds refpedively, or any of them, to remain and continue to trade or refide within the faid prefidencies, or other places aforefaid, (fuch perfon or perfons not being, by reafon of his or their holding any office or employment, offices or employments, or in any other manner, difabled, or prohibited from trading in the Eaji Indieor parts aforefaid, by any ad or ads now in force), for any term not exceeding two years, to be computed from the firft day bf January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, the perfons receiving fuch licences firft entering into the like covenants as are ufuatly entered into by perfons licenfed by the faid company, or fuch other reafonable covenants as (hall be direded by the court of diredors of the faid company for the time being; and that all and every of fuch licences (hall be of the fame force and effed, during the term for which the fame (hall be fo lawfully granted, (unlefs the fame (hall be fooner revoked by the faid court of diredors, or by the governors and councils of the faid refpedive prefidencies in India, who are hereby authorifed, in their difcretion, to revoke and determine the fame), as if fuch licences had been granted under the feal of the faid company; any thing in this ad, or in any former ad, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded. That if any fuit or adion (hall be brought or commenced againft the faid company, or any of their fervants, or againft any perfons ading by*

/ - their

6ot	Anna vicefimo fext&GEORGri III. e. 57. \ijt6.

their authority, for the recovery of any cofts or damages for the unlawful taking, arrefting, feizktg, imprisoning, fending, or bringing to England, of any perfon or perfons found in the Eajl Indies, or other parts aforefaid, within the limits of the faid company’s., exelufive trade, or as not being authorifed to refide or traf&ck there, the defendant or defendants to fuch fuit or General iflue. a&ion (hall and may plead the general ifltie, and give the fpe-cial matter in evidence, for his or their defence \ and the proof (hall lie on the plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon the trial of the iiTue, to (hew that at the time or times of arrefting or feizing fuch perfon or perfons refpe&ively, for the caufe aforefaid, in the manner in which the fame (hall be laid or charged to have been done, in and by the declaration or declarations in fuch fuits or a&ions, the perfon or perfons fo arrefted or feized was or were in the military or marine fervice of the. King’s majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or was or were under covenant to ferve the faid company in India, or was or were duly pofleffed of a licence or licences in writing, authorifing him or them to go to or refide and traffick in India, or other the faid parts and limits, or that the perfon or perfons (not being in his Majefty’s fervice) was or were, at the time or times of his or their being fo feized or arrefted* entitled or authorifed, by the ftipulations of fuch covenants or licences refpedHveJy, to remain and continue in India, or other the parts and limits aforefaid $ and in failure of fuch proof, the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfurted, and in fuch cafe, or in any other cafe wherein the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any fuch fuit or adfion (hall become nonfuited, or wherein judgement (hall be given againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer, or where a verdi<ft (hall pafs for the defen-Treble cofts. dant or defendants, the defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded, to be paid by the refpe$ive plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch fuit or adtion; any law, ftatute, or provifion, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.	And whereas great difficulties % expence, and delayy often arife in giving proof in Great Britain, of the execution of bonds9 and other deeds and writings, executed and witneffed by per-fons rejident in the Eaft Indies y and the like difficulties, expence 9 and delay, alfo arife in giving proof in the Eaft Indies, of the execution of bonds, and other deeds and writings, executed and witneffed • j . by perfons rejident in Great Britain ; for remedy thereofy be it en-edin th^Eaft a<^e^ That whenever any bond, or other deed or writing, exe-Indies (hall be cuted in the Eajl Indies, and attefted by any perfon or perfons evidence in refident there, (hall be offered in evidence in any of the courts Britain, and of juftice in Great Britain, it (hall be fufficient to prove, by one onpniofofthe or more crc^ible witnefs or witncffes, that the name or names hand writing fubfcribed to fuch bond, deed, or writing, purporting to be of ef the parties, the hand or hands writing of the obligor or obligors to fuch bond, or of the party or parties to fuch deed or writing,, is or are of the proper hand writing or hands writing of fuch obligor or obligors, party or parties, refpedtively, and that the name or names fet and fubfcribed of the witnefs or witncffes attefting the

execution

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georon Ilf. £.5$.

execution of the fame, refpedively, is or are of the proper hand, or hands writing of the witnefs or witneffes fo attefting the fame, and that fuch witnefs or witneffes is or are refident in the Eaft Indies \ and, in like manner, all courts of juftice in the Eaft Indies (hall admit the like proof of the execution of bonds and other deeds and writings executed in Great Britain) and witnefled by any perfon or perfons refident in Great Britain z and fuch proofs (hall be deemed and taken to be as valid and fufficient evidence of the due execution of fuch bonds, and other deeds and writings, as if the witnefs or witneffes thereto was or were dead,

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded, That this a d (hall be Publlck deemed and taken to be a publick ad, and (hall take place and have commencement in Great Britain, immediately after the Commence-fame (hall have received his Majefty royal affent; and (hall talee ment thereof place and have commencement in and throughout the Eaft Indies* and parts within the limits of the exclufive trade granted to the faid company, from the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven.

CAP. LVIII.

An aft for procuring* upon oath* returns of all charitable donations* for the benefit of poor perfons, in the fever at parijhes and places within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS it is proper that the legiflature, who are dir eft-ing inquiries into the ftate and condition of the poor, Jhould be informed of the feveral charitable donations for the ufe and benefit of poor perfons; which information cannot be effeftually obtained with-out the aid and ajfifiance of parliament: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and comnftons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That a fufficient number of printed copies of this ad, and alfo of the fchedule hereunto annexed, (hall, as foon as conveniently may be after the pafling hereof, be tranfmitted, by George White efquire, one of the clerks attending the houfe of commons, to the clerks of the peace of every county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, foke, franchife, town corporate, and place, having clerks of the peace, in England and Wales; and that the faid feveral clerks of the peace (hall, and they are hereby required, with alLconvenient fpeed, not exceeding fourteen days after receiving the fame, to caufe a fufficient number pf the fchedule to this ad annexed to be delivered* together with a printed copy of this ad, to every high conftable, or, where there (ball be no high conftable, to fuch other proper officer who hath the execution of precepts from juft ices of the peace within fuch refpedive jurifdidions, and alfo to the town clerks or other proper officers of every city, borough, town corporate, or place, in which quarter feffions of the peace are

-	ufuajly

Preamble.

Printed copies of this ad to be tranfmitted to the clerks of the peace, to be diftributed amongft the high confta-bles, etc<

Hosted by 30gle

l

604	Anno	viceGmo lexto Georoii III. c.58. [17$6.

ufually holden, lituate within the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, foke, franchife, town corporate, and place, for which the faid clerk of the peace or town clerk (hall refpe&iyely adt; and the faid clerks of the peace and town clerks (hall, and are hereby required to receive the fame, and alfo to receive the anfwers and returns to be made by the minifters and churchwardens, or other perfons, purfuant to the dire&ions herein-after given: and the faid town clerks and other officers (hall, as too a as conveniently may be after receiving the faid anfwers and re-Returns made *urns, fubferibe and deliver the fame to the faid feveral clerks by the mini- of the peace from whom they received the fchedule; and the fters and	faid feveral clerks of the peace (hall tranfmit fuch anfwers and

den^tobe*	returns to the clerk of the parliaments, with all convenient

tranfmitted to fpee^j order that the fame may be infpe&ed by the parliament, the clerk of upon pain of forfeiting, for every negledl or default, a fum not ex-the parlia- ceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, at the diferetioq of ments.	the jufticeor juftices before whom complaint thereoflhall be made*

Duty of the n. And be it further enadted, That the faid high conftables, ble8 etc ore-town c^er^s5 or other proper officers To defer!bed as aforefaid, feribed. *P (hall receive from the faid clerks of the peace the faid adts and printed fchedules, and (hall, within feven days after the receipt thereof, attend two or more of the juftices of peace adting within their refpeflive limits, with fome of the faid printed fchedules, and at the fame time produce, (hew, and deliver to each of fuch juftices one of the faid printed adts and fchedule, in order that they may appoint a convenient time and place foi* the meeting herein-after diredted; and the faid juftices are hereby required to appoint the fame, and to fign the precept contained in the faid fchedule, as herein-after mentioned; and the faid high conftables, or other proper officers, after receiving fuch precept, (hall fill up the blank in the precept, in every fchedule, directing the time and place of the meeting, in like manner as they (hall be appointed and filled up by the faid juftices, and ihall, with all convenient fpeed, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, one or more of fuch fchedule to the redtor, vicar, or officiating minifter, and alfo to the churchwarden or churchwardens, chapelwarden or chapelwardens, in every parifti, townftlip, or place, within their refpedtive limits, and in places where there are no minifter, churchwarden, or chapelwarden, to the over-feer or overfeers of the poor for fuch parifh, townihip, or place, if any, and if there ihall be no fuch overfeer, to fome fubftantial houfeholder refiding within the fame, and (hall alfo deliver to every fuch minifter one of the printed copies of this adt; and the faid high conftables, or other proper officers, (hall fubferibe their names at the foot of the precept contained in the faid fchedule, under the words there written for that purpofe, before they deliver the fame; and (hall attend the faid refpedtive meetings fo to be appointed by the juftices, and then and there produce the faid a<5t, and receive the feveral anfwers and returns made by the minifter and churchwarden, or other perfon before deferibed, and indorfe upon the back of each of them the

name

Hosted by Google

1786.3	Anno vlcefitpo fexto Georgii III. c. 58.	605

name of the hundred, riding,divifion, rape, wapentake, lathe, precindt,	franchife,	liberty,	city,	or	town	corporate,

wherein the faid parifh, townfhip, or place, therein mentioned, is (ituate, and tranfmit the fame, together with a true and perfect lift of the names of the minifter and churchwarden or cha-pelwarden, overfeer and houfeholder, of every parifh, townfhip, and place, to whom fuch fchedule had been delivered by them refpedtively as aforefaid, to the feveral clerks of the peace, at the then next Michaelmas quarter feflions of the peace, or the adjournment thereof, (which adjournment thejuftices at fuch Michaelmas quarter feflions of the peace are required to make to fome convenient day within one calendar month after fuch Michaelmas quarter feflions, in cafes where any fuch return (hall not be made at the faid Michaelmas quarter feffion); and every fuch high conftable, or other proper officer, (hall forfeit, for every default or neglect in the premifes, a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, at the difcretion of thejuftice or juftices before whom complaint thereof (hall be made.

III.	And be it further enadted, That the feveral juftices of Juftices to ap* the peace, within their refpedtive jurifdictions, to whom fuch p^orto Od:. fchedule fhall have been delivered as aforefaid, fhall, as foon as 1786, for conveniently may be after receiving the lamd, and feeing the the attend-^ adl, appoint a time and place, or times and places, (which ance of uuui* time or times fhall be before the fifteenth day of Oftober, one ^hurchwar-thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix), for the redtor and dens, vicar, or, in their abfence, for the officiating minifter and churchwarden or chapelwarden, or for the overfeer or fubftantial houfeholder, where there fhall be no churchwarden or chapelwarden

as aforefaid within their refpedtive jurifdidtions, to attend them at fuch meeting or meetings for the purpofes of this adl, with returns and anfwers to the queftions ftated in the faid fchedule; and two or more of the faid juftices (hall, and are iiereby required to caufe notice in writing to be given of fuch meeting to fuch minifter, and churchwardens or chapelwardens„ overfee rs, or houfeholder, refpedtively, by their precept, as hereinbefore directed, twenty-eight days at leaft before the day to be appointed for fuch meeting, requiring their attendance at fuch meeting for the purpofes of this adl; which precept (hall be in the form or to the eftedt: contained in the faid fchedule.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That the minifter and church- Minifters,et<?. warden, chapelwarden, overfeer, or houfeholder, as aforefaid,

of every fuch parifh, townfhip, and place, fhall, and are hereby ^"writtenre-required to attend thejuftices of the peace at fuch meeting or turn upon meetings, and then and there deliver to the faid juftices in writ- oath, ing, figned by them, upon oath, a juft and true account of all charitable donations which have been, according to the beft of their knowledge and information, given, by deed or will, for the benefit of poor perfons, within their refpedtive parifhes or places, diftinguifhing, as far as they are able, by whom, when, and in what manner, and for what purpofe, given; likewife,

Vol. XXXV.	S	s	whether

6o6	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgji	III. c. 58,	[1786:

whether fuch refpe&ive donations were in land or money, and in whom now vefted, aad what is the annual produce thereof, refpe&ively; by way of anlwer and return to the faid queftions, as before dire&ed.

Juftices to V, And be it further enabled. That the faid juftices of the turns^ etc and Peace and they are hereby alfo required, at fuch meeting adminifter an or meetings fo to be appointed by them as aforefaid, to receive oath to the and take the anfwers and returns to be made by the minifter minifter, etc. and churchwardens, or chapelwardens, overfeers, and houfe-holders, refpedtively, purfuant to the directions aforefaid, and . then and there adminifter to them refpedlively the oath contained in the faid fchedule; and fuch juftices, if they fee caufe, may, and they are hereby authorifed to examine fuch minifter, churchwarden, chapelwarden, overfeer, and houfeholder, re-fpedtively, upon oath, touching any of the matters contained in fuch queftions and anfwers ; and the faid juftices (hall then de- < liver fuch anfwers and returns to the refpeCtive clerks of the peace, or town clerks, purfuant to the directions aforefaid, in order that the fame may be tranfmitted to the clerk of the parliaments, as is herein directed*

Penalty on VI. And be it further enaCted, That every minifter and for^egledt.10' churchwarden, or chapelwarden, overfeer, or houfeholder, as ®	*	aforefaid., making default in any of the matters hereby required,

(hall, for every fuch negleCt or default, forfeit a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, at the difcretion of the juftice or juftices before whom complaint thereof (hall be made.

A&toberead VII. And be it further enaCted, That this a61 (hall be pub-fumrre^Quar- read> in open court, at the next Midfummer quarter feffi- ■' ter feflions ons °f the peace, in every county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, whereever foke, franchife, town corporate, and place, where any general bolden, and in quarter feflions of the peace fhall be holden, and alfo by the church the1 °®ciating minifter, in every parilh church or chapel in that part Sunday next °f Great Britain, called England, the firft Sunday on which di-after July 31, vine fervice fhall be performed after the thirty-firft: day of Julyy 1786.	one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, immediately after

Penalty on fuch fervice; and that in cafe any perfon or perfons feifed or making a^if-	°f 3nY ^n<^ or money which had, at any time before

covery of the faid thirty-firft day of July, been conveyed or given, by lands or mo- deed or will, to or for the ufe or benefit of any poor perfon or per-ney. m their fons, fhall wilfully neglect to make difcovery thereof, on or be-for charfuble ^ore ^le thirtieth day of September now next enfuing, to the purpofes, pri- minifter, churchwarden, chapelwarden, overfeer or houfeholder, or to Sept. 30, of the parifh or place where the perfons live who are the obje&s S786.1	of fuch charity, he, (he, cr they fo negledfing fhall forfeit, for

every fuch negledt, a fum equal to one half of the value of the land or money fo given as aforefaid, to be recovered by a6iion,' bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, in the courts of great felfion in Wales, or in the courts of the counties palatine oi Cbejler, Lancajler, and Durham > one moiety of the laid penalty or forfeiture to go to 9	the

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 58.	607

the informer, or perfon fuing for tljp fame, and the other moiety to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, for fuch ufes and pur-pofes as he or they fhaJl in their great wifdom dired.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That there (hall be paid Fees to be aland allowed, for the trouble and expence of the feveral perfons lowed for each employed in the tranfadions aforefaid, for every return which return*

(hall be fo made and tranfmitted to the clerk of the peace pur--fuant to the directions aforefaid, the fums following, and no more ; videlicet:

To the clerk of the peace, for the return which (hall be made To the clerk from every parifh, townlhip, or place, the fum of one (hilling: of the peace. To the high conftable, town clerk, or other proper officer. High confta-for the like, the fum of one (hilling and fixpence:	ble,&c. 13.6d.

To the clerk of thejuftices of the peace, for the like, the juftices fum of (ixpence.	clerk, $d.

And that thejuftices of the peace, at their refpedive quarter feffions which fhall be holden next after Michaelmas, one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty-fix, fhall, and are hereby required to make an order upon their refpedive treafurers, to pay the fame out of the rates to be made and colleded for the refpedive counties, ridings, divifions, precinds, fokes, franchifes, liberties, cities, towns corporate, or places, herein-before mentioned.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral forfeitures and How penalties

penalties inflidcd by this ad, where the method for recovering are to be thereof is hot hereby particularly direded, if not immediately	anc*

paid, (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods

and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and leal of any juftice having jurifclidion where fuch offender fhall dwell, rendering to the (aid offender the overplus (if any), after the charge of fuch diftrefs and fale fhall be deduded; and in cafe fufficient diftrefs (hall not be found, then it fhall be lawful for fuch juftice to commit fuch offender to the common gaoj, there to remain, without bail, or main prize, for a term not exceeding twelve calendar months, nor lefs than fix calendar months, at the diferetion of fuch juftice, unlefs the faid forfeitures and charges fhall be fooner paid ; and the faid forfeitures and charges, when recovered, (hall be paid and applied, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the faid refpedlive treafurers, in aid of the rates aforefaid; and any perfon (hall be deemed a competent witnefs, for the execution of any of the purpofes of this ad, notwithftanding his paying or being liable to contribute to fuch rates.

X.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any perfon (hall Perfons mak-wilfully and corruptly make a falfe oath, touching any of the ingfalfe oaths matters contained in this ad, and be thereof duly convided, he

(hall be, and is hereby declared to be fubjed and liable to fuch comiptper-pains and penalties as by any law now in being perfons ccn- jury, vided of wilful and corrupt perjury are liable to.

S	s 2	SCHEDULE.

Hosted by Google

Ai*no vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 58. [1786. SCHEDULE;

Queftions, to which anfwers are to be returned, by virtue of art act, paffed in the twerfty-fixth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled, An aft for procuring returns+ upon oatby of all charitable donations, for the benefit of poor per-fonsy in the feveral pari/hes or places within that part of Great Britain called England.

Queftion the ift. What charitable donations have been given, by deed or will, for the benefit of poor perfons, within your parifti [or place]; by whom, when, in what manner, and for what particular purpofe, were they given, to the belt of your knowledge, information, and belief?

Queftion the 2d. Were the faid refpe&ive donations in land or money; in whom are they now vefted, and what is the annual produce thereof refpe&ively, to the beft of your knowledge, information, and belief?

Form of the Oath,

y'OU Jhall fweary That the anfwers and return now made by ypuy ^ to the quejlions contained in the fchedule hereunto annexedy are full and true anfwers to the faid quejlionSy to the befi of your know-ledgey informationy and belief

The RETURN to be annexed to the fchedule, and indorfed by the high conftable, town clerk, or other proper officer, receiving returns from the juftices: Thus;

ANSWERS returned to the queftions in the fchedule annexed, from the parifh [or place] of in the hundred [rape, wapentake, lathe, precinct, foke, franchife, liberty, divifion, city, town corporate, or place] of [as the cafe may be] the day of

ANS WERS to the Firft Queftion.

Name of the Per-fon who gave the Charity.	When  given.	Whether by Will or Deed.	For what Purpofe given.
			/

ANSWERS

Hosted by Google

iy 86.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. 6. 58.

ANSWERS to the Second Queftion.

Whether in Land or Money.	In whom now vefted.	Amount of in Money.			Annual Produce.			
		L	S.	d.	£•	S.	d.	

PRECEPT to the high conftable, etc. [as the cafe Jball be] m appointing a day and place for taking the anfwers and returns, and requiring the attendance of the minifter and churchwardens, etc. •

County, etc. 1 To the conftable [or town clerk, etc.] of

5^ .	'	£	[or ] within the hundred, [divifion, liberty,

to wi. j city, Qjr town^ QS caje may fcj Qf	jn

faid county, etc. [as the cafe Jhall be],

IN order to carry into execution an a£t, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, for procuring returns, upon oath, of all charitable donations given by deed or will, for the benefit of poor perfons, in the ieveral parilhes and places within that part of Great Britain called England, you are hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, to give, or caufe to be given, notice to the redtors and vicars, or officiating minifters, churchwardens, and chapelwardens, of every parifh within your diftridl aforefaid; and, in places where there (hall be no officiating minifter, churchwarden, or chapel-warden, to the overfeer or overfeers of the poor \ and if no overfeer, to fome fubftantial houfeholder of fuch place, by delivering to each of them a printed copy of the fchedule to the faid act, with the time and place for the meeting filled up in the precept as herein appointed, that they are required to appear at on the day of next, at the hour of in the forenoon, then and there to deliver, upon oath, a juft and true account of all charitable donations given by deed or will, for the benefit of poor perfons, within their refpective parishes and places, diftinguifhing, as far as may be, by whom, when, and in what manner, and for what purpofe, given ; like-wife, whether fuch refpedlive donations were in land or money, and in whom they are now vefted, and what is the annual produce thereof refpe<5tively, on pain of forfeiting a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, for every negleft or

S	s 3	default.

Hosted by Google

6iO	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii III. c. 59.	[1786.

default. Given under our hands, the	day	of	ja

the year of our Lord

The above precept contains the notice I am directed to give * y9u*

[Here the officer, required to give the notice, is to fubjbibe bis Name.]

N.B. The high conftables, town clerks, or other proper officers before they deliver the fchedule, are required to fill up the blanks which lhew the appointment of the day and place for the meeting, in the manner they are filled up by the juftices who figned the precept.

The following lift, when made out, muft be figned by the high conftable, &c.

Lift of the names of the minifter and churchwardens or cha-pelwardens, overfeers, and houfeholders, [as the cafe jhall be], of every parilh, townlhip, or place, to whom I have delivered the fchedule, purfuant to the directions of this acft.

CAP. LIX.

An aft for repealing certain duties now payable on wines imported, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the management of the commiffioners of ex cife.	,

Preamble. Wf H E R E A S by an aft, made in the eighteenth year of the VV reign of his late majefy King George the Second, (intituled, Recital of 18 An acft for granting to his Majefiy feveral additional duties upon Geo. a. c. 9. all wines imported into Great Britain, and for railing a certain and	fum of money by annuities and a lottery, in manner therein

mentioned, to be charged on the faid additional duties), it ivas enafted, That, from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one ;thoufand feven hundred and forty-five, over and above all fubfidies of tonnage and9poundage, and all other fubfidies and impofitions whatfo-ever, due or. payable for all wines imported into Great Britain, by any aft or afts of parliament then in force, there Jhould be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid unto his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccefjors, (before landing thereof), the additional impofitions, rates, or duties following, without any difcount or deduftion inwards, or drawback upon the exportation afterwards; (that is to fay). For every ton of French wine zvhich Jhould be imported into this kingdom, the fum of eight pounds, and fo after that rate for any greater or leffier quantity \ and alfo for every ton of all other wines imported into this kingdom, the fum offour pounds, and fo after that rate for any greater or lejjet* quantity: and alfo by another aft, made in the third year of the reign A & 3 Geo. 3. of his prefent Majefiy, (intituled, An adt for granting to his Mats* 1*4 and jefty feveral additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry ; and for r^ifing the fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds by way of annuities and lotteries* to be charged on the faid

duties).

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Geougii III. C. 59.	Cn

duties), it was enafted, That, from and after the thirty firfi day of March, one thoufand /even bundled and fix ty -three, over and above all fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and all other fubfidies, additional duties, and other impofitions whatfoever, due or payable for all wines imported into Great Britain, by any aft or adds Gf parliament then in force, there Jhould be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majefty, bis heirs and fuccejfors, (before landing thereof), the additional impofitions, rates, or duties following, without any dijcount or deduction inwards, or drawback upon re-exportation afterwards; (that is to fay). For every ton of French wine which Jhould he imported into this kingdom, the fum of eight pounds, and fo after that rate for any greater or lejfer quantity; and aljo for every ton of all other wines imported into this kingdom, the fum offour pounds, and fo after that rate for any greater or lejfer quantity: and alfo by another aft, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An a6t for granting to his Majefty feveral additional Aft 18 Geo,3 duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom), it c. %i \ and was enafted. That, from and after the twentieth day of April, one thoufand feveti hundred and feventy-eight, over and above all fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and all other fubfidies, additional duties, and impofitions whatfoever, due or payable for all wines imported into Great Britain, by any aft or afts of parliament then in force, there Jhould be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuccejfors, (before landing thereof), the additional impofitions, rates, or duties following, without any difcount or deduction inwards whatfoever, or any drawback upon re-exportation afterwards, except as therein-after was provided; (that is to fay). For every ton of French wine which Jhould be imported into this kingdom, the Jum of eight pounds and eight fhilHngs, and fo after that rate for any greater or lejfer quantity \ and alfo for every ton of all other wines imported into this kingdom, the fum of four pounds and four jhillings, and fo after that rate for any greater or lejfer quantity : and whereas, by virtue of another aft, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his faid prefent Majefiy, (intituled, An a6t for granting to his Majefty A6ti9Geo.3. additional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties under0, 25; and the management of the refpedtive commillioners of the cuftoms and excife in Great Britain), an additional impofi or duty, after the rate of five pounds per centum, became charged upon the produce and amount of the faid additional impofitions, rates, or duties, fo by the faid in part recited afts impofed on French wine and other wines as aforefaid; and alfo by another aft, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his jaid prefent Majejly, (intituled, An act for granting a& 20 Geo. 3. to his Majefty feveral additional duties upon wines and vinegar c. 305 and imported into this kingdom), it was enafted. That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thoufand feveti hundred and eighty, over and above all fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and all other fubfidies, additional duties, and impofitions whatfoever, due and payable for all wines imported into Great Britain by any aft or afts of parliament then in force, there Jhould be raifed, levied, collected and paid unto his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccejfors, (before landing thereof), the additional impofitions, rates, or duties following, without any dif-

S $ 4	count

Hosted by Google

£i&	Anno	vicefimo fexto Georgii III, c. 59.	[ 1786.

ar deduction inwards whatfoever; f rto ij to fayJ,	mry

tofi ^French wine which Jhould he imported into this kingdom, the Jum of eight pounds,	yi after that rate for any greater or leffer

quantity; and alfo for every ton of all other wines imported into this kingdom, the Jum of four pounds, and fo after that rate for any greater or leffer quantity ; and that the faid additional duties thereby granted Jhould be alfo fubjett and liable to an additional impoft or duty of five pounds per centum, as in the faid act is mentioned: and whereas, by virtue of another att, made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of bis faid prefent Majefly, (intituledAn ad for granting c#	to his Majefty additional duties upon the produce of the feveral

duties under the management of the refpedive commiffioners of the cuftoms and excife in Great Britain), an additional impofl or duty, after the rate of five pounds per centum, became charged upon the produce and amount of the faid additional impofitions, rates, or duties, Jo by the faid in part recited afts impofed on French wine and other wines as afore faid, except and exclufwe of the additional impoft or duty of five pounds per centum, commonly called The Impoft one thoufand feven hundred and feventy~nine, which was granted by 1	an aft made in the nineteenth year of his Majefty's reign, (intituled.

An ad for granting to his Majefty additional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the refpedive commiffioners of the cuftoms and excife in Great Britain) : and whereas it is expedient to repeal the faid additional impofitions, rates, or duties herein before particularly mentioned, and by the faid in part recited afts impofed on French wine and other wines refpedively as aforefaid, and alfo the faid additional impofls or duties fo charged as aforefaid upon the produce and amount thereof; and in lieu thereof to grant unto his Majefly the feveral inland duties hereinafter mentioned: be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-From July 5, ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from 1786, the ad- an(j after tfre fifth fiay 0f July, one thoufand feven hundred and onw^nes be-3 eighty-fix* the faid additional impofitions, rates, or duties herein-fo're fpecified before particularly mentioned, and by the faid in part recited to ceafe. ads impofed on French wine and other wines refpedively as aforefaid, and alfo the faid additional impofts or duties fo charged as aforefaid upon the produce and amount thereof, (hall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering any arrears thereof refpedively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto refpedively, which fhall have been incurred upon or at any time before the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix.

II. And be it farther enaded by the authority aforefaid, From July jr, That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand 1786, the fol- feven hundred and eighty fix, there fhall be railed, levied, col-to'b*e^aid^for	anc*	Pa>d unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, over

wines unport- and above ajl fubfjdies of tonnage and poundage, and all other «d.	fubfidies.

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. C. 59.

fubfidies, duties, and impofitions whatfoever (not repealed by this ad) due and payable for any wine imported into Great Britain, by any ad or ads of parliament now in force, the feveral inland duties herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay). For every ton of French wine, which fhall be imported into Great Britain, the fum of thirty-five pounds fourteen (hillings, and fo after that rate for any greater or letter quantity; and alfo for every ton of all other wines imported into Great Britain, the fum of feventeen pounds feventeen (hillings, and fo after that rate for any greater or leffer quantity: provided always. That nothing in this a d contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to make chargeable with the faid duties hereby impofed, or any of them, any wines damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and for which the merchants.or importers thereof (hall refufe to pay or fecure the duties, and which, by an ad patted in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, (intituled, An aft for the improvement of his Majefty's revenues of cujloms, excife^ and inland duties), are on fuch reiufal directed to be received inro the cuftody of the proper officers of the cuffoms, to be publicldy fold in order to be diftilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar.

III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That fuch of the duties by this ad impofed as (hall arife in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweedy (hall be under the management of the comrniflioners of excife in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall aiiie in Scotland, fhall be under the management of the com mi limners of excife in Scotland for the time being.

IV". And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That within twenty days next after the matter or purfer for that voyage, of the (hip or veffel wherein any foreign wine (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom, (hall have or ought to have made a juft and true entry or report upon oath of the burthen, contents, and lading of fuch (hip or veffel, in purfuance of the diredions of an ad made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled. An aft for preventing frauds and regulating abufes in his Majefty'$ cujloms), the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, confignee or confignees, of any fuch foreign wine, (hall make due entry with the colledor of excife, ir» the port or place where fuch wine (hall be fo imported, of all fuch wine, on board of fuch (hip or veffel, belonging'to fuch proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, confignee or confignees, Ipecitying in fuch entry, if fuch wine be French wine, whether the fame is French red wine or French white wine, and if fuch wine be foreign wine other than French wine, whether the fame is foreign white wine or foreign red wine, not French; and (hall then, and before the landing of any fuch wine, fatisfy and p3y the duties by this ad impofed on fuch wine, and (hall alfo, within fuch twenty days, land all fuch wine; and if fuch proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, confignee or confignees* (hall

negleil

613

For French wine, 35I.143* per ton:

for other wines, 17k 17s. per ton.

Not to extend to damaged wines, which are to be foldt to make brandy, &c«

Duties to be under the management or the excife^

If within to days after entry (hould be made of the veffel, according to act 13 & 14 Car. c. 11. due entry of the wine be not made at the port of.impor tation, &c. it may be conveyed to the King’s ware-houie, and in three month* foid,ifthe duties, &c. be not paid*

Hosted by Google

'Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786.

negle<5t or refufe to make due entry, or to pay fuch duties, or to land any fuch wine within fuch twenty days, it (hall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife to convey fuch wine, together with the calks, bottles, and packages containing the fame, tp his Majefty’s warehoufe dr ware-houfes, for fecurity as well of the faid duties by this a<5t impof-ed on fudh wine, as alfo all other duties due or payable in re-fpedfc of fuch wine; and if as well the faid duties by this act im-pofed on fuch wine, as all other duties due or payable in refpedt of fuch wine, (hall not be fully paid and fatisfied within the (pace of three months from the time fuch wine (hall be fo conveyed to fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, the faid refpedtive com-miffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland, or the major part of them, for the time being (in cafe fuch wine (hall be fo conveyed to fuch warehoufe or warehoufes by any officer or officers of the cuftoms), and the faid refpe&ive commiffioners of excife, of the major part of them, for the time being (in cafe fuch wine (hall be fo conveyed to fuch warehoufe or warehoufes by any officer or officers of excife), (hall and may caufe fuch wine, cafks, bottles, and packages to be publickly fold to the beft bidder, at fuch places as the faid refpedtive commiffioners of the cuftoms or excife, as the cafe may require, (hall think proper, for and towards fatisfying as well the faid duties hereby impofed on fuch wine, as all other duties due or payable in re-fpedt of fuch wine, and alfo the cofts, charges, and expences attending the conveying of fuch wine, cafks, bottles, and packages, to fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, and of the keeping and fale.of fuch wine, calks, bottles, and packages; and if the money arifing from the fale thereof (hall be more than fufficient to pay and fatisfy the duties hereby impofed, and all the money due or payable for the cuftom duties for and in refpeft of fuch-wine, together with fuch cofts, charges, and expences, the re-fpe&ive receivers general of the cuftoms in England and Scotland for the time being (in cafe the faid refpe&ive commiffioners of the cuftoms, or the major part of them refpedHvely, (hall caufe fuch wine to be fold) (hall pay over to the faid refpetftivjC commiffioners ot excife fo much of fuch excefs or furplus as will be fufficient to fatisfy the duties hereby impofed on fuch wine; and the faid refpe&ive commiflioners of excife (in cafe they, or the major part of them refpe&ively, (hall caufe fuch wine to be fold) (hall pay over to the faid refpedlive receivers general of the cuftoms fo much of fuch excefs or furplus as will be Efficient to fatisfy the money due or payable for the cuftom duties for or in refpetft of fuch wine; and the overplus (if any be) (hall be paid to the proprietor or proprietors, or other perfon or perfons authorifed to receive the fame: and in cafe the money arifing from the fale of the faid wine (hall not be fufficient to fatisfy the whole of the faid duties hereby impofed on fuch wine, and -all the faid cuftom duties due or payable in refpedt of fuch wine, together with fuch cofts, charges, and expences as aforefaid, the faid refpeftive commiffioners of the quftoms or excife, as the

cafe

Hosted by Google

a 786.3 Anno yicefimo fexto GeoRGII III, c. 59;	6i£

cafe may require, (hall firft difcharge and pay all fuch cofts,

.charges, and expences, and (hall divide the refidue of fuch money into two fums of money! in the proportion of three to two; and the faid refpedtive commiffioners of the cuftoms (in cafe they, or the major part of them refpe&ively, (hall caufe iuch wine to be fold) (hall pay over the leaft ol fuch two fums of money to the faid refpe&ive commiffioners of excife, towards fatisfying the duties hereby impofed on fuch wine; and the How the mo-faid refpe£Uve commiffioners of excife (in cafe they or the ma- ney arifing jor part of them refpedtively (hall caufe fuch wine to be fold) fhall pay over the greateft of fuch two fums of money to the £e ^ded3 faid refpe6tive receivers general of the cuftoms, towards fatisfy- when infusing the money due or payable for the cuftom duties for or in cient to pay refpedt of fuch wine.	the whole of

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore faid, 1 e uties# That the receipts of the faid refpedtive commiffioners of excife Receipts of fhall be a fufficient difcharge to the faid refpedtive receivers ge-

neral of the cuftoms, foj^fuch money as they (hall fo pay to the excifean(j faid refpedtive commiffioners of excife; and the receipts of the ciiftoms to /aid refpedtive receivers general of the cuftoms (hall be a fuffi- be fufficient cient difcharge to the faid refpedtive commiffioners of excife, for difcharges. fuch monies as they (hall fo pay to the faid refpedtive receivers general; and fuch receipts (hall feverally be allowed by the proper officer or officers, in paffing the accounts of the faid re-fpe&iye commiffioners of excife and receivers general of the cuftoms*

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That all foreign wine which (hall be unfhipped, landed, or de- Wine landed livered from or out of any (hip, veffel, or boat, before as well before the da-tlie duties hereby impofed, as all other duties payable in refpedt foerfeftr^p.aand of fuch wine, (hall be fully paid or fecured to be paid, (hall be perfons a/fift-/orfeited and loft, together with the calks, bottles, jars, and ing therein, packages containing the fame, and fuch wine, calks, bottles, etc. to forfeit jars, and packages, (hall and may be feized by any officer or	the

officers of the cuftoms or excife; and if any perfon or perfons w;ne# fhall unflhip, land, or deliver, or caufe or procure to be unfhipped, landed, or delivered, or be aiding or affifting in the un-fhipping, landing, or delivering, from or out of any (hip, veffel, or boat, any foreign wine^ before as well the faid duties hereby impofed, a$ all other duties payable in refpedt of fuch wine, fhall be fully paid or fecured to be paid, or (hall hide or conceal, or caufe or procure to be hidden or concealed, any fuch wine fo unfhipped, landed, or delivered as aforefaid, or (hairre-ceive into his, her, or their hands, cuftody, or poffeffion, any fuch wine fo unihipped, landed, or delivered as aforefaid, he, fhe, or they, knowing the fame to have been fo unfhipped, landed, or delivered as aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons, and each and every of them, (hall, fbr each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe treble the value of fuch wine, to be eftimated according to the belt and bigheft rate and price which wine of

Hosted by Google

6%6	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii III. 0.59* [178&

the beft quality, of that kind, (hall fell for in London at the time when fuch forfeiture (hall be incurred.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Wine brought That where any wine (hall be imported or brought into Great tnore^than 60* Britain^ or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, tons forfeit- from foreign parts, in any (hip, veflel, or boat, of the burthen ed, with the of fixty tons or under, then not only the faid wine, but alfo the veffel, uniefs faid (hip, veflel, or boat, in which the fame (hall be fo import-fuch wine be ^ with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and ap-the crew^and Parel, (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be feized by not greater in any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife: provided always.

That nothing in this a<5t contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to forfeit any wine for being imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any (hip, veflel, or boat of the burthen of fixty tons, or under, or any fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, for having fo imported or brought therein any fuch wine (provided there be no fpirituous liquors on board fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, at the time of fuch importation or bringing of any fuch wine), if fuch wine fo imported or brought (hall be for the ufe of the feamen then belonging to and on board fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, and (hall not exceed the quantity of two gallons for each fuch feaman, or in cafe any fpirituous liquors (hall, at the time of fuch importation or bringing of any fuch wine, be on board fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, for the ufe of fuch feamen, and (hall be lefs in quantity than two gallons for each fuch feaman, if the quantity of wine and fpirituous liquors, taken together, be not more than two gallons in the whole for each fuch feaman.

VIII.	And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the fifth day of Julyy one thoufand feven

1786, whole- hundred and eighty-fix, no perfon or perfons (hall deal in or fale dealers m fej[ foreign wine by wholefale, without firft taking out a licence to^ake outf°r t^a,t purpofe, in manner herein-after mentioned, before he,7 licences, (he, or they (hall fo deal in or fell foreign wine by wholefale ; which are to and that if any fuch licence (hall be taken out within the limits *^thrantfd of the chief office of excife in London, the fame (hall be granted wi out ees. uncjer t|ie kancjs and feals of two or more of the commiffioners of excife for the time being, or of fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, for the time being, (hall from time to time appoint for that purpofe; but if any fuch licence (hall be taken out in any part of England or IVales, not within the faid limits, or in the town of Berwick upon Tweed, the fame (hall be granted under the hands and feals of the feveral colledtors and fupervifors of excife, within their re-fpedfive collections and diftricts; and in cafe any fuch licence fhall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, the fame (hall be granted under the hands and feals of two or more of the commiffioners of excife in Scotland, for the time being, or of fuch perfon or perfons as the commi(iion$rs of excife in

Scotland,

quantity than herein ipeci-

£ed.

From July 5,

Hosted by Google

'1786.3 Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII III. c. 59,	617

Scotland, or the major part of them, for the time being, (hall from time to time appoint for that purpofe; or if any fuch licence (hall be taken out in any other part of Scotland, without the faid limits of the city of Edinburgh, then the fame (hall be granted under the hands arid Teals of the feveral colledors and fupervifors of excife in Scotland, within their refpedive collections and diftrids; and fuch refpedive commiflioners of excife, or two or more of them, refpedively, and the perfons fo to be appointed by them, or the major part of them, refpedively, and alfo all fuch collectors and fupervifors, are hereby refpec-tively authorifed and required to grant fuch licences, to the perfons who fhall apply for the fame without fee or reward.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That no perfon or perfons (hall deal in foreign wine by whole- Licences to fale, after the expiration of twelve months from the time of be renewed taking out any fuch licence as aforefaid, unlefs fuch perfon or annua h perfons (hall take out fre(h licences, in the manner herein-be-fore directed, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve months from the time of taking out fuch former licence, and fo in like manner from year to year; and that if any perfon or Perfonsfellfng perfons (hall deal in foreign wine by wholefale, without firft wine without taking out fuch licence, and renewing the fame yearly, in man-	*for-

ner aforefaid, he, (he, or they, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe one hundred pounds : provided always. That per- One licence fons dealing in or felling foreign wine by wholefale, in partner- Efficient for a (hip, and in one houfe or (hop only, (hall not be obliged to o^houfc^ *** take out more than one licence in any one year for dealing in or felling foreign wine by wholefale; and that no one licence* No licence to which (hall be granted by virtue of this ad, (hall authorize or authorize the impower any perfon or perfons to deal in or fell foreign wine in fale of wine any other warehoufe, ftorehoufe, roomj (hop, cellar, vault, or Jha^the^ace other place, (other than and except on the lawful quays upon ofTntry.** which fuch wine fhall have been firft landed, and whilft fuch wine (hall be openly lying on fuch quays), than fuch ware-houfes, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, or other places, whereof entry in writing (hall be made at the office of excife, according to the diredions of this aft, at the time of granting fuch licence.

X.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for Commiffioff-the faid refpedive commiflioners of excife, or the major part of ers may im~ them for the time being, to authorife and impower any audio- 5oneew tofell neer, duly licenfed according to an a eft, made in the nineteenth foreign wine " year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for al- by auction* tering, amending, and enforcing fo much of an a 51, made in the feven- on proof of teenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for

granting to his Majefty certain duties on licences to be taken • 3* * out by all perfons ading as audioneers; and certain rates and duties on all lands, houfes, goods, and other things fold by audion, and upon indentures, leafes, bonds, deeds, and other inftruments, as relates to the method of granting licences to auctioneers,

arid

Hosted by Google

61 $	Anno vicefimo fe*to Georgii III. c. 53.	[ 17 SG.

end to the collefting the duties on eftates and goods fold by auSlion^ to fell by au&ion, and for fuch au&ioneer, fo authorifed and im-. powered, accordingly to fell by auction, any foreign wine, if it be firft proved to the faid refpe&ive commiffioners, or the major part of them, that all the duties due or payable in refpedl of fuch foreign wine have been fully paid, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the faid refpe&ive commiffioners, or the major part of them ; and fuch auctioneer, fo authorized and impowered, (hall not be liable to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture by this a£t impofed, for or in refpeCt of fuch fale.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, out licen?1”^	anc* everY petfon and perfons to whom any licence for

forretaUing retailing of foreign wine (hall be granted, and who (hall, not foreign wine, take out either a licence for retailing fpirituous liquors, or a li-tobe deemed cence for retailing of beer, ale, or other excifeable liquors, (hall wholefaVe be deemed and taken to be a dealer or dealers in foreign wine the/have not ^Y wholesale, within the meaning of this a£i; and if any wine, licences for either foreign wine, or by the perfon or perfons dealing in or retailing fpi- felling the fame pretended to be foreign wine, (hall at any time rituous li- be fold by any fuch perfon or perfons, fuch fale (hall be deemed ^eThave 'to an^ taken to be a dealing in and felling foreign wine by whole-bedeemedre- fa^e> within the meaning of this a6l 5 and that all and every tail dealers, perfon and perfons having a licence granted to him, her, or them, either for retailing of fpirituous liquors, or for retailing of beer, ale, or other excifeable liquors, (hall be deemed and taken to be a dealer or dealers in foreign wine by retail, within Not to extend the meaning of this aCl: provided always, That nothing herein-t° the two before contained (hall in any wife be prejudicial to the privileges umveritiea. Qf tbe two univerfities .in that part of Great Britain, called England, or either of them, nor to the chancellors or fcholars of the fame or their fucceffors; but that they may ufe and enjoy fuch privileges as they have heretofore lawfully ufed and enjoyed, any thing herein contained to the contrary not with (landing: provided alfo, That nothing herein-before contained fhall extend to be prejudicial to the mafter, wardens, freemen, and commonalty of the vintners of the city of London, or to any other city or town corporate; but that they may ufe and enjoy fuch liberties and privileges as they have heretofore lawfully ufed and enjoyed: provided neyerthelefs. That no perfon who (hall be admitted to the freedom of the faid company of vintners of the city of London by redemption only, fhall be exempted from the obligation of taking out a licence for felling or uttering wine by retail, but that the freemen only of the faid company who have been already admitted to their freedom, or who (hall be admitted to their freedom in right of patrimony or apprenticed^, lhall be entitled to fuch exemption: provided alfo. That nor thing herein-before contained (hall in any wife extend to debar or hinder the mayor or burgefles of the borough of Saint Albans, in the county of Hertford, or their fucceffors, from enjoying, wfing, and exerciiing all fuch liberties, powers, and authorities

;	to

Hosted by Google

Anno viccfimo fextoGEoRGli III, C.59.	6ig

to them heretofore granted, by feveral letters patent under the great feal of England, by Queen Elizabeth and King James the Firft, for the ereding* appointing, and licenfing of three feveral wine taverns within the borough aforefaid, for and towards the maintenance of the free fchool there \ but that the fame liberties, powers, and authorities (hall be and are hereby eftabliffied and confirmed, and (hall remain and continue in and to the faid mayor and burgeffes, and their fucceflors, to and for the charitable ufe aforefaid, and according to the tenor of the letters patent aforefaid, as though this ad had never been made; any thing in ad contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding: provided always, and be it declared. That nothing herein con- No perfon tained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to exempt any whatfoever to perfon or perfons who (hall fell or utter any kind of wine or	^

wines, or any liquor called or reputed Wine, by the pint, quart, without* tak-pottle, or gallon, or by £ny other greater or lefs meafure, or in ing out a ii-bottles in any lefs quantity than (hall be equal to the meafure cence. of the cafk, or veffel in which the fame (hall have been, or may lawfully be imported, from taking out a licence for retailing wine in fuch and the fame manner as they now are by law required, and as if this ad had never been made.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That all dealers in and fellers of foreign wine (hall make true Entry to be and particular entry in writing of all warehoufes, ftorehoufes, ^rehoufes rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other places, by him, her, or on pe.* them refpedively made ufe of for the keeping of wine for fale, at nalty of 100!. the office of excife within the compafs or limits whereof fuch and forfeiture refpedive warehoufes, fiorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, ^et^?nwme and other places, (hall be fituated, on pain of forfeiting the fum 1 of one hundred pounds for every fuch warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, which fhall be fo made ufe of by any fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, without having made fuch entry as aforefaid, together with all wine that (hall be found therein, and alfo the calks, jars, bottles, veffels, sind packages whatfoever, containing fuch wine: provided always,

That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be deemed Exception* or conftrued to extend, to make any dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of, foreign wine by wholefale, liable to the faid penalty of one hundred pounds, for or by reafon of any fale of any foreign wine, whilft the fame (hall be lying openly on the lawful quays on which fuch wine (hall have been firft landed.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That where any entry dial! be made by any dealer or dealers Perfons mak-in, or feller or fellers of, foreign wine, of any warehoufe, (lore- inS entI7 of houfe, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, for the keeping ^tered tcTbe of wine for fale, no other dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers deemed deal-of wine, not being in partnerlhip with fuch dealer or dealers, or ers without feller or fellers, making fuch firft entry, (hall, on any pretence entry, &c, whatfoever, make entry of the fame, or of any other warehoufe,’ ftorehoufe, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place whatfoever, within the fame houfe or tenement in which fuch firft entry (half

then

Hosted by

Google

Every place for keeping or felling wine muft have thereon the words dealer fn foreign wine, on penalty of 50I.

Perfons putting thofe words, on unentered places, to forfeit 100I. &c.

An account of the wine in ftdre on July 5,17S6, to be delivered at the next office of excife, within three days, or the fame to^eforfeited.

Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGH III. c. 55^ fi

then be exifting; but every fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, making fuch further entry of the fame, or any other fuch warehoufe, ftorehoufe, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, in fuch fame houfe or tenement, (hall, notwithftanding fuch further entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a dealer in foreign wine without entry, and fhall be fubjedt to the like penalties and forfeitures as dealers in foreign wine without entry are fubject unto by virtue of this a6L

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all,and every dealer and dealers in, and feller and fellers of,^ foreign wine by wholefale, (hall caufe to be painted or written,,^,,,r in large legible characters, over the outer door, or in the front

or on fome confpicuous part of each and every houfe, warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, (hop, cellar, vault, and other place, by him, her, or them refpecftively made ufe of for the,keeping of foreign wine for fale, the words Dealer in Foreign Wine, upon pain of forfeiting, for every fuch houfe, warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place which (hall be fo made ufe of by any luch dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of, foreign wine refpectively, without having the faid words ^painted or written as is hereby directed, the fum of fifty pounds.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any perlon or perfons whatsoever, other than fuch as (hall have duly made entry at the proper offices of excife of the places by them refpedively made ufe of for keeping foreign wine for fale, (hajl paint or write, or caufe to be painted or written, over the door, or in the front of any place to them refpedively belonging, the words Dealer in Foreign Wine, every perfon and perfons refpedively offending therein (hall forfeit and lofe the lum of one hundred pounds, and (hall alfo be fubjed to the fe-veral penalties and forfeitures to which perfons felling of, or dealing in, foreign wine without entry are fubjeded to by virtue of this ad.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all dealers in, and fellers of, foreign wine (hall, on the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, or within three days then next enfuing, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, at the office of excife within the limits whereof their re-fpedive warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other places, by him, her, or them made ufe for keeping wine for fale, (hall be fituated, a juft, true, and particular account in writing of the quantity of all the foreign wines which (hall, on the faid fifth day of July, be or have been in the cuftody or poffeffion of any fuch dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of, foreign wine, diftinguifhing fuch foreign wines from each other, according to the true denominations thereof, under the following defcriptions of French red wine, and French white wine, in cafe the fame be French wine, and of foreign red wine not French, and foreign white wine not French, in cafe the fame (hall be foreign wine, other than French wine, on pain of forfeiting, for every negled to deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch account, all

fuch

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 59.	621

fuch foreign wine whereof no fueh account (hall be fo delivered, together with the calks, bottles, jars, veflels, and packages, containing the fame; and fuch foreign wine, calks, bottles, jars, veflels, and packages, fo forfeited, (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife; all wine in bottles to be fo accounted for without exprefling the number of gallons which they contain.

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the officers of excife, Oificers may , qr any or either of them, from time to time, and at all times, by ** ^eesj day and by night, upon his or their requeft, (but if in the night, houfes, &c. to in the prefence of a eonftable or other officer of the peace), to en- take an ac* ter into all and every the warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, count of cellars, vaults; and other places made ufe of by any dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of, foreign wine, whether by whole-fale pr by retail, for keeping wine, and by tailing, gauging, or Qtherwife, to take an account of the quantity and quality of all the wine and other liquors which.fhall at any time be in his, her, their, or any of their euftody, in cafk, or in any veflel or veflels except bottles; and alfo to take an account of the wine or other liquors which (hall at any time be in his, ‘her, or their euftody, ia battles, in any other manner than by tafting the fame, or by. uncorking or opening the bottles containing fuch ^ . wine. :

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the officers Officers to be of excife, or,any or either of them, and they are hereby autho-

rifed and impowered to take, at any time or times, a fample or 0n"payfog for, fanh.ples of foreign wine, whether in bottles or in cafk, or in the fame, on any other veflel or veflels, paying far the fame, for every quart penalty of of wine, the ufual price thereof; and in cafe any dealer or deal- lool‘ ers in, or feller or fellers of, foreign wine, or any workman or fervant to him, her, or them belonging, (hall refufe to permit fuch officer or officers to take fuch fample or (ampies as aforefaid, upon his, or their offering to pay for the fame after the rate aforefaid, or fhall anywife obftru<5t or hinder him or them in taking fuch fample or famples, fuch dealer or dealers ih, or feller or fellers of, foreign wine, (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XIX.	And' be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That all dealers in and fellers of foreign wine, who fhall have The quality or receive into their euftody any foreign »wine, fhall, from time a£d quantity to time, diftindtly mark in the moft confpicuous part of each and £e marked every cafk, jar, bottle, and other veflel capable of containing on au veflels, above the quantity of three gallons, and in which they (ball containing keep any foreign wine, the number of gallons which fuch cafk, moJ*e than 3 jar, bottle, and other veflel is capable of containing, and alfo the fort of fuch wine then kept or contained therein, fpecifying, if it be French wine, whether the fame is French red wine ox French white wine ; and, if the fame be foreign wine other thaxi French Vol. XXXV.	T t	wine,.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III.- c. 59. [1786.

yvine, whether the fame is foreign red wine, or foreign white wine* on pain of forfeiting fuch wine as fhall at any time be kept or contained in any fuch cafk, jar, bottle, and other veflel, together with fuch calk, jar, bottle, and other veflel containing fuch wine; and all fuch wine, together with fuch cafk, jar, bottle* or other veflel, fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

XX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That every dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of,'foreign wine, is and are hereby required to (hew to the officer of excife

A^piug, wmt	' t r r	J	a1	•	/fitii	t	1

to be (hewn to under whofe furvey he, fhe, or they fhall then be, each and the officer, or every cafk, veflel j and utenfil capable of containing above the If	quantity	of	three	gallons,	and	every*	bin, or other place, irv

which he, fhe, or they (hall keep any foreign wine, on pain of forfeiting all fuch wine as (ball at any time be found in any fuch cafk, veflel, utenfil, and bin, or other place, ufed for keeping of wine, which has not been fo (hewn to fuch officer as aforefaid, together with fuch cafk, veflel, or utenfil; and.fuch cafk, veflel, or utenfil, fo forfeited, together with fuch wine found therein, lhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife; and fuch officer fhall mark fuch calks, veffels, utenfils, bins, or other place, ufed for keeping of wine, fo (hewn to him, or any or either of them, with a particular, diftindt and durable mark; and if any perfon or perforis whatsoever fhall, at any time after made b the anY bin, cafk, veflel, or utenfil fhall have been fo marked Officer not^o by foch .officer as aforefaid, rub out or deface any fuch mark fo be defaced, on fixed upon any fuch cafk, veflel, utenfil, or bin, or other place,

Calks and

placea for keeping wine

the wine to be forfeited.

Marks on -calks, &e

penalty of

I-

No bin, &c. containing more than 3 . gallons, to be erected, enlarged, or ufed, without notice being given to the excife, on penalty of $©l.

ufed for keeping of wine, by fuch officer as aforefaid, he, fhe, or they fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

XXI. And. be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of, foreign wine fhall, without notice firft thereof given at the office of excife, within the compafs or limits whereof his, her, or their refpedtivq warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other places fhall be fltuated, ered or let tip any veflel, utenfil, or other convenience for keeping or containing wine, and capable of containing above the quantity of three gallons, or alter or enlarge any bin, veflel, or utenfil for keeping or containing wine, and capable of containing above the quantity of three gallons, which is already eredted or fet up, or fhall hereafter be eredfed or fet up, or fhall have or keep any bin, veflel, or utenfil for keeping; or containing wine, and capable of containing above the quantity of three gallons, other than fuch as are openly kept and ufed in his, her, or their entered warehoufe, ftorehoule, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place made ufe of by him, her, or them for keeping of foreign wine, and difeovered and known to the officer of excife under whofe furvey fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, fhall then be, on pain to forfeit and lof% for every fuch bin, veflel, or utenfil fo. eredted or fet up, or

hereafter

Hosted by Google

1^86.] Anno vicefimd fexto Ge'ORGII III. c. zfy	Gzg

hereafter to be eredted or fet up, or altered or enlarged* or* kept* without fuch notice given as aforefaid, or without being fo dif-covered andknown,thefum of fifty pounds.	: '

XXII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid* ....

That all and every dealer and dealers in, and feller - Sod-fellers	-

of, foreign wine by wholefale, (hall, before he, (he, or they (hall intention to begin to draw off or bottle any foreign wine, give' to the‘officer'draw-off of excife* under whofe furvey fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or ^,ene* fellers (hall then be, fix hours notice in writing, within the limits of the chief office of excifein London* and twelve hours notice in cer mav at-writing in other places in Great Britain^ of his, her, or their in- tend*, and tention to draw off or bottle any foreign wine, and of the time declaration to when, and the particular warehoufe, jftorehoufe, root!)* ■ (hop, {Je^lace0 cellar, vault, or other place, in which fuch foreign wine is in- where it is ta tended to be drawn off or bottled, and the quantity-thereof, and be depofittd. into how many cafks, bottles, or other veflels the fame is intended to be drawn off or bottled ; and if fuch wine, fo intended to be drawn off or bottled, be French wine, whether the fame is French red wine or French white wine; or, if fuch winey‘ fo intended to be drawn off or bottled, be not French wine, whether4 the fame is foreign red wine, riot French, or foreign white wine, not French, and from what particular ca(k or other veffel, or cafks or other veflels, fuch wine is fo intended to be drawn off or bottled ; and fuch officer fhall, if he, (hall deem it expedient fo to do, attend to fee fuch foreign wine drawn off or bottled, and the fame (ball be drawn off or bottled in the prefence of fuch officer, if he fhall attend purfuant to fuch notice; and fuch wine (hall alfo be packed or piled in the prefence of the officer of ex-cife under whofe furvey fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, fhall then be, or, in default of the fame being packed onpiled in the prefence of fuch officer, fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, (hall, immediately upon fuch wine being drawn off or bottled as aforefaid, or in cafe the officer (hall not be then pre-fent, then upon fuch officer’s next furvey, make to fuch officer a declaration into what particular bin, or in what particular part of his warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, or other entered places, fuch wine is intended to be, or {hail, have' been, packed, piled, or depofited, and when fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, intends or intend to pack, pile, ordepofit the fame, according to fuch declaration, and fuch wine (hall be piled or depofited according to fuch declaration; and ho foreign No wine tcf wine (hall be removed from the bin or place in which the fame be. removed* fhall be packed, piled, or depofited, according to the dire&ions ^ p 1 of this a£t, into any other bin or place, in any fuch warehoufes* ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, or other entered places* before fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, (hall have given to fuch officer fix hours notice in writing, within the limits of the faid chief office, and twelve hours notice in writing, in other places in Great Britain, of his, her, or their intention fo to re* move the fame, and of the particular bin or place, in any fuch warehoufes* ftorehoufes* rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, or other

T t 2	entered

'Penalty on bottling

624	Atmo vicefimo fc^o Georgii III, 0* 59.	[1786.

entered places, to which the fame is intended fo to be removed; and if any fuch dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of, foreign wuic «.c w*ne> fball begin to draw off or bottle any fuch/foreign wine, w^ontgiving w^bout giving filch notice as is in that behalf herein-before di-dne notice. 5 redted to; be given, or, in default of fuch wine being packed or piled in the prefence of fuch officer as aforefaid, (hall negledt to make fuch declaration as aforefaid, or to pack, pile, or depofit fuch wine according to fuch declaration, or (hall remove any foreign wine from the bin or place in which the fame (hall be packed, piled, or depofited, according to the dire&ions of this adfc, into any other bin or part of any fuch warehoufes, ftore-houfes,.rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, or other entered places, without giving fuch notice as is in that behalf herein-before directed to be given, he, (he, pr they (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds: provided always, That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend, or be deemed or con-ftrued .to extend, to make any dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of, foreign wine liable to the faid penalty of fifty pounds, for or by. reafon of his drawing off or bottling any foreign wine bottles drawn ;mo a number of bottles more or lefs, by a fmall quantity, than notice^	Specified,	in	fuch notice herein-before direded to begiv-

en, as the number of bottles into which fuch wine was intended' If wine be to be drawn off or bottled: provided alfo, That if any dealer oc not begun to dealers,in, or feller or fellers of, foreign wine by wholefale, fo in-j with to* an 0tt> tending to draw off or bottle fuch foreign wine, (hall not begin hour after the and proceed to draw off or, bottle fuch wine at the time mention-time men-	ed in fuch notice in that behalf herein-before direded, or with-

tioned, the	in one hour after fuch time, then fuch notice (hall be void, and

vdd* t0 ^ fpch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, fo intending to draw off or: bottle fuch wine, (hall give a frefh notice to fuch officer or officers of the time when, and the particular warehoufe, ftore-houfe, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place in which fuch wine is intended to be drawn off or bottled, and the quantity thereof, and into how many cafks, bottles, jars, or other vefiels, the fame is intended to be drawn, off or bottled; and, if fuch wine fo intended to be drawn off or bottled be French wine, whether the fame is French red wine or French white wine, or, if fuch wine faintended to be drawn off or bottled be not French

Perfons not liable to penalty for a fmall difference in the number of

wine, whether the fame is foreign red wine or foreign white wine, and from what particular cafk, jar, or other veffel, cafks, jars, or other vefiels, fuch wine is fo intended to be drawn off or Wine may be bottled s provided always, neverthelefs, That nothing in this ad drawn off at contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to be^fcnTout	make !t unlawful to or for any dealer or dealers in, or feller or

immediately.	°*V foreign wine by wholefale, to draw off or bottle any

foreign wine, at his, her, or their free will and pleafure, for the purpofe of immediately fending out the fame, without giving fuch notice to the officer of excife under whofe furvey fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, (hall then be, of his, her, or their intention to draw off or bottle fuch foreign wine \ but that ft (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch dealer or

u	dealers.

He . )y Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 59.	625

dealers, or feller or fellers, to draw off or bottle any foreign wine, at his, her, or their free will and pleafure, for the purpofe of immediately fending out the fame, without giving fuch notice to the officer of excife under whofe furvey fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, (hall then be, of his, her, or their intention to dtaw off or bottle fuch foreign wine, without being liable to the faid penalty of fifty pounds for drawing off or bottling fuch foreign wine without giving fuch notice as is herein-before directed to be given; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every dealer and dealers in, and feller and fellers Different forts of, foreign wine, (hall keep all French red wine, in his, her, or of wines to be their cuftody or poffeflion, feparate and apart, and in feparate ^ bins, cafks, bottles, jars, veffels, utenfils, piles, parcels, and divi- I00j4 1 y fions, from all other wine; and (hall alfo, in like manner, keep all French white wine, in his, her, or their cuftody or poffeflion, feparate and apart, and in feparate bins, cafks, bottles, jars, vef-fels, utenfils, piles, parcels, and divifions, from all other wine; and (hall alfo, in like manner, keep all foreign red wine, (other than French wine) in his, her, or their cuftody or poffeflion, feparate and apart, and in feparate bins, cafks, bottles, jars, veffels, utenfils, piles, parcels, and divifions, from all other wine; and fhall alfo, in like manner, keep all foreign white wine (other than French wine) in his, her, or their cuftody or poffef-fion, feparate and apart, and in feparate bins, cafks, bottles, jars, veffels, utenfils, piles, parcels, and divifions, from all other wine, upon pain of forfeiting, for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty . pounds.

XXIV.	And be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid.

That all dealers in, and fellers of, foreign wine, otherwife than Penalty on by wholefale, who fhall have or receive into his, her, or their retajl dealers cuftody, any cyder, fpirituous liquors, or other liquors, fhall keep cvder&c^in the fame feparate and apart from foreign wine, upon pain of feparateplaces forfeiting the fum of ten (hillings for every gallon of cyder, from foreign fpirituous liquors, or other liquors, which (hall not be fo kept wines, feparate and apart from foreign wine, together with all fuch foreign wine, cyder, fpirituous liquors, and other liquors, and the cafks, bottles, jars, veffels, and other packages containing the fame; and fuch foreign wine, cyder, fpirituous liquors, and other liquors, cafks, bottles, jars, veffels, and packages, fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.	.	.	N

XXV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That no dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of, foreign wine, Dealers in fo-(hall have in his, her, or their cuftody or peffeflion, any Britijh- rciSn wine made wine or fweets, oq pain of forfeiting all fuch Britijb-ma&e j wine or fweets which fhall be at any time found in the cuftody poffeflion, on or poffeflion of fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, and penalty of alfo the fum often (hillings for every gallon of fuch Britijh wine forfeiture, &c. or fweets, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity:	*£eex“

provided always. That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or qj^ntity in

T t 3	be	hand, on July

Hosted by

Google

An account to be kept of the qnan tity of win.e daily fold.

62$	Anno	vicefimo	fexto Georgii III, c. 59. [1786,

5,1736, which be deemed or conftrued to extend, to prevent any dealer or deal-* j*15Y bt^o]d £rs in^or feller or fellers of, foreign wine, from having in his, 1786? CC her, or their cuftody Qr pofleffion, or from feeling, at any time before the firft day of December, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-fix, any Rrilijh-made wines or fweets, which he, (he, or they, (hall really and bona fide have in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion, at the time of the delivery of fuch account of the quantity of the foreign wines in the cuftody or pofleffion of fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, at the excife office, as is herein-before direded.

XXVI.	Andy for the better afcertaming the quantities of foreign wine which Jhall from time to time be fold by dealers iny and fellers ofy foreign ivine^ be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch dealers in, and fellers of, foreign wine, fhall from time to jtime keep an account of all foreign wine which they, or any of them, refpeftively (hall fell, fend out, or confume in each day, in fmall quantities under three gallons, exprefling the number of gallons or bottles fp fent out or confumed; and (hall every day enter into a book, to be kept for that purpofe, an account of the grof$ quantities of the faid foreign wine which have beer* by him, her, or them refpe&ively, fo fold, fent out, or contained, in fhe preceding day, in fmall quantities under three gal-r Ions; and fuch dealers in, or fellers of, foreign 'wine, (hall alfo keep one other book, wherein they (hajl refpecftively enter each parcel of foreign wine of the quantity of three gallons or more, which they (hall refpeftively fell or fend out in each day, exprefT The quantity fing the number of gallons or bottles fo fold or fent out; which' lon^not to^be ParPe^s of foreign wine, of the quantity of three gallons or re moved more, (hall not be removed out of the refpe&ive fellers cuftody out a permit* without a permit, figned by the proper officer or officers of excife, expreffing the quantity of all fuch foreign wines, diftingui thing in fuch permit fuch foreign wines from each other, accord^ ing to the denominations thereof fpecified in the requeft note, according to the directions of this a<5t, and exprefling the name and names of the perfon or perfons fo felling or fending' out, and of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame is intended to be fent, and the place, to which the fame is intended to be carried, and that the duties by this a 61 charged on fuch foreign wines were paid, or that the faid foreign wines were condemned as forfeited, or were part of the flock in hand of fome perfon or perfons, expreffing his, her, or their name or names, of which an account had been taken in purfuance of this adt; which faid books (hall be, and are hereby diredled tp be prepared for the cife/and when making fuch entries as aforefaid, and delivered, upon demand, filled up, to unto fuch dealers in, and fellers of, foreign wine refpe&ively, by be returned the faid refpedlive commiffioners of excife, or fuch perfon or per-to the officer, fons as tkey pe laid comn>ifljoners, or the major part of them.

Entry books to be provided by the ex-

yerined on oath*

(hall for that purpofe diredl and appoint: provided always, That ip fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, (hall have in his, her, or their cuftody more than one fuch book of each fort at 3 time, and when the faid books in their cuftpdy (hall be filled up,

lip

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vlcefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 59;	627

the fame fhall from time to time be feverally returned to the re-fpedtive officers from whom the fame was refpedtively received, and the truth of the entries made therein fhall be verified upon the oath of fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, or his, her, or their fervant or fervants who kept the fame, and made the entries therein, according to the beft of his, her, or their knowledge and belief (which oath fuch refpedlive officers are hereby autho-rifed to adminifter), and one or more new book or books fhall thereupon be delivered to fuch refpedtive dealers in, or fellers of, foreign wine, in the room of fuch book or books fo returned, and fo toties quoties, as often as fuch book or books fhall be filled up with fuch entries; which faid books, fo kept by fuch re- Entry books fpedtive dealers or fellers, fhall from time to time lie open to be ^,ie oPen perufed by the officer of excife under whofe furvey fuch refpedtive fpeftionof dealers in and fellers of foreign wine (hall then be, the better to the officer, enable them to keep their flocks of the increafe and decreafe of fuch foreign wine; and that fuch dealers in and fellers of foreign wine fhall, immediately upon every requeft of the officer of excife under whofe furvey fuch refpedtive dealers in and fellers of foreign wine fhall then be, fill up fuch book and books re-fpedhvely with the quantities by them fold in each day : provided, Penalty on always. That if any fuch dealer or dealers, feller or fellers, (hall negledt or refufe to keep fuch bpoks, and make fuch entries * therein, or to permit the officer or officers of excife, under whofe furvey fuch refpedtive dealers or fellers fhall then be, to infpedt them, or not return the faid books, or not fill up fuch books on requeft as aforefaid, according to the directions of this adt, or fhall make any falfe entry in fuch book or books, he, fhe, or they (hall? for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

XX VII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That if any officer or officers of excife (hall at any tiipe or times	an e*ceft

difcover or find, that the quantity of French red wine, French	^	°*

white wine, foreign red wine (other than French red wine) or founrj jt -13 foreign white wine (other than French white wine) in the flock forfeited and of any dealer or dealers in or feller or fellers of foreign wine by alfo double it# wholefale, added to the quantity for which permits fhall have value> been granted fince the laft account was taken of fuch flock, and alfo to the quantity or quantities fold, fent our, or confumed in fmall quantities under three gallons fince fuch laft account was taken, and for which proper entries fhall appear to be made in the book herein-before diredted*to be kept for entering therein fuch wine as fhall be fold, confumed, or fent out in fmall quantities under three gallons, according to the directions of this adt, exceeds the flock left in hand on the taking of fuch laft account, added to the quantity of fuch wine fince received by permit, the quantity of wine fo found in excgfs, by whatever liquor the fame fhall have been made, and whether the fame fhall be mixed or mingled, or unmixed or unmingled, (hall be deemed and taken to be made by foreign wine for which no duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in by fuch deafer or

T14	^	dealers.

6a&	Anno	vicefirno	fcxtx>	GsoitGii	1IL	c.	59.	£1786. v

'' dealers, or feller or fellers, without permit 5 and ^quantity equal to the quantity of wine fo found in excefs (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be feized and taken by the officer or officers of excife who (hall difcover the fame, from and out of the faid dock or (locks in which fuch quantity of wine (hall be fo found in excefs, and the perfon or perfons in whofe dock fuch quantity of wine fo found in excefs (hall be difcovered or found, (hall aifo forfeit double the value of the quantity of wine fo found in excefs.

Not to extend XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That to aa excels nothing in this aCt contained (hall extend, or be deemed or con-receiving ^ drued to extend, to forfeit any part of fuch dock or docks, or to wine from make any perfon or perfons liable to the faid penalty of double any lawful	the value of fuch wine fo found in excefs, for or by reafon of

quay.	any fuch quantity of wine found in excefs, if fuch excefs (hall

arife and be occasioned wholly from wine which (hall have been lawfully received into fuch dock, (ince fuch lad account was taken, direCUy from any lawful quay or quays on which the fame (hall have been firft landed, and (hall not exceed the importation guage of fuch wine more than two gallons upon each ton thereof; and if fuch wine (hall alfo then be, and continue in the original cafk, veffel, or package in which the fame was imported, and no part thereof drawn off or taken out from fuch cafk, vef-fel, or package; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithdanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all cyder, fweets, Britifh-mii&t wine, mead, fpirituous liquors, and other liquors whatfoever, which at any time (hall be found in the warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other places, of any dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of, foreign wine by wholesale, entered for the keeping or felling wine, (hall be deemed and taken to be foreign wine, within the meaning of this ad, of the fame fort and denomination as the wine with which the fame (hall be kept, or if kept feparate from any wine, then the fame (hall be deemed and taken to be French red wine*

XXX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Permits to be That where any dealer or dealers in or feller or fellers of foreign gwen without w*me wholefale, duly licenfed according to the directions of

this aCt, (hall have occafion to remove fuch wine from any fuch entered warehoufe, dorehoufe, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, the officer or officers of excife of the refpeCtive di-vifioni or places where fuch entered warehoufe, (torehoufe, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, (hall be fituated, (hall, without fee or reward, from time to time, upon a requeft note being made and delivered, according to the directions of this aCt, by fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, grant and give a permit in writing, (igned by the faid refpeCtive officer or officers, expreffing the quantity of all fuch wine fo to be removed, di-ftinguiffiing in fuch permit fuch foreign wines from each other, according to the denominations thereof fpecified in the requeft

note,

pyder, &c. found in the poflefiion of a whotefale dealer, to be deemed foreign wine.

Hosted by

Google

17S6,]	Anno vlcefimo fexto Georg II III. c. 59.	629

note, according to the directions of diisLadt, and expreffing the name and names of the p§rfon or perfons from whom the fame k intended to be removed, and to whom the fame is to he removed, and that the duty of fuch wine, fo intended to be removed, has been paid, or that the fame hath been condemned as forfeited, or was part of the ftock of fome dealer or dealers in or feller or fellers of foreign wine by wholefaie, of which an account has been delivered at the office of excife purfuant to this ad ; and all officers of excife, granting or giving fuch permits,

(hall limit and exprefs, in fuch permits, the time within which the faid wine, in fuch permits mentioned, (hall be removed from and out of the (lock of the perfons taking out fuch permits, and alfo the time within which the faid wine (hall be delivered and received into the-warehouses, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, or other places, of the perfon or perfons refpedtively to whom the fame is fo permitted to be fent.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-

faid. That no fuch permit for the removal of any foreign wine Permit not to (hall be granted, or be valid, unlefs fuch dealer or dealers, or be granted, feller or fellers of foreign wine, requiring the fame, (hall make queVcontains and fend, or deliver, to the officer or officer? of excife hereby au- quantity-thorifed to grant fuch permit, a requeft note, in writing, fpeci- toberemoved, fying the name of the perfon to whom fuch wine is intended to &c* be fent, the quantity of each fort of fuch foreign wine intended to be removed, and for the removal of which fuch permit is required, and, if fuch wine be French wine, whether the fame is French red wine or French white wine, or, in cafe fuch wine is not French wine, whether the fame is foreign red wine net French, or foreign white wine not French, and alfo the number and contents of the calks, bottles, jars, or veflels, containing the fame, and likewife whether the fame is to be removed by land or by water, and by what mode of conveyance fuch wine is intended to be fent; and all fuch wine, which fhall be removed Wine remov-under a defeription not conformable to this adt, or under a falfe	to

description, together with the calks, bottles, jars, veflels, and ^a^c Ll2ie“ other packages containing the fame, and the horfes, cattle, carts, 5 boats, barges, and other carriages ufed in the removal or carriage thereof, (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be Seized by any officer or officers of excife.

XXXII.	And be it further enadled by the authority afore-

faid. That no wine (hall be brought into any warehoufe, (lore- Wine brought

houfe, room, (nop, cellar, vault, or other place, made ufe of by

any dealer or dealers in or feller or fellers of foreign wine, with- without* per-

out an authentick permit, granted and given according to the mit to be for-

diredtions of this adt, which permit (hall be produced to and feited, etc.

left with the officer of excife under whofe furvey fuch dealer or

dealers, or feller or fellers, (hall then be, on pain of forfeiting

all fuch wine fo brought in without fuch permit, together with

the calks, bottles, jars, veflels, and packages containing the

fame, and fuch wine, with the cafks, bottles, jars, veflels, and

packages

Hosted by Google

Permits to be granted for the removal of wine belonging to private per-fms, but if removed contrary hereto,' forfeited.

Anno vlcefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786.

packages containing the fame, (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

XXXIII- And be it further enadled by the authority afore-faid, That where any perfon or perfons, not being a dealer or dealers in or feller or fellers of foreign wine, either by wholesale or by retail, (hall have occafion to remove any foreign wine from any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the officer or officers of excife of the refpedlive divifions or diftri&s in which the place from whence fuch wine is intended to be removed (hall be fituate, upon fuch perfon or perfons, or his, her, or their known fervant or fervants, proving to the fatisfa&ion of the faid refpe&ive commiffioners of excife, or of the collector or fupervifor of excife of the collection or diftriCt in which the place from whence fuch wine is intended to be removed is fituate, that all the duties for fuch wine have been fully paid, and upon a requeft note, in writing, made and fent, or delivered, to fuch officer or officers of excife authorifed to grant a permit thereupon, under and by virtue of this aCt, fpecifying the quantity of each fort of fuch foreign wine intended to be removed, and for the removal of which fuch permit is required, and, if fuch wine be French wine, whether the fame is French red wine, or French white wine, or, in cafe fuch wine is not French wine, whether the fame is foreign red wine not French, or foreign white wine not French, and alfo the number and contents of the cafks, bottles, jars, or veflels containing the fame, and likewife whether the fame is to be removed by land or by water, and by what mode of conveyance fuch wine is intended to be fent, to give and grant, without fee or reward, a permit or permits in writing, figned by fuch officer or officers, expreffing the quantity of fuch wine fo to be removed, diftinguifhing in fuch permit fuch foreign wines from each other, according to the denominations thereof fpecified in fuch requeft note, according to the directions of this aCt, and expreffing the name and names of the perfon or perfons from whom the fame is intended to be removed, and to whom the fame is to be removed, and that the duty of fuch wine, fo intended to be removed, has been paid, or that the fame hath been condemned as forfeited, or was part of the flock of fome dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers of foreign wine by wholefale, of which an account has been delivered at the office of excife, purfuant to this aCt; and all officers of excife, granting or giving fuch permit or permits, (hall limit and exprefs therein the time within which fuch wine, in fuch permit or permits mentioned, (hall be removed from and out of the pofleflion of the perfons taking out fuch permit or permits, and alfo the time within which fuch wine (hall be delivered and received into the pofleflion of the perfon or perfons refpe&ively to whom the fame is fo permitted to be fent; and all fuch foreign wine, which (hall be removed under a defcription not conformable to this aCt, or under a falfe defcription, together

with

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno viceftmo fexto Georgii III. C. 59.’	631

with the ,cafks, bottles, jars, veflels, and other packages containing the fame, and the horfes, cattle, carts, boats, barges, and other carriages ufed in the removal or carriage thereof,	t

fhall be forfeited and loft, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-

faid. That no foreign wine exceeding the quantity of three gal- Wine exceed-Ions, (hall be removed or carried from any part of this king- j.ng Z gallons, dom to another, by land or by water, without being accompa- foundremov-nied with a proper permit from fome or one of the officers of jng. without excife, according to the directions of this aCt, on pain of forfeit- permit, ing the wine which (hall be found removing or carrying, or removed or carried from one part of this kingdom to another, without fuch permit as aforefaid, together with the cafks, bottles, jars, veflels, and packages containing the fame, and the horfes, cattle, boats, barges, and other carriages ufed in fuch removal or carriage thereof.

XXXV.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any fuch wine mentioned or fpecified in any fuch Wine remov-permit, fhall be removed or fent away from or out of the ware-	hi

houfes, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other f^e^mited places, of the perfon or perfons to whom any fuch permit fhall to be deemed be granted, within the time exprefled and limited therein, and as removing fuch wine fhall not, within the time limited and exprefled in without a per-jfuch permit, be a&ually delivered and received into the ware- mit* houfes, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, ,and other places of the perfon- or p.erfons to whom the fame is by fuch permit authorifed to be lent, then, and in every fuch cafe, all fuch wine fo removed or fent away as aforefaid (hall be deemed and taken to he wine removed without permit, unlefs it be proved, to the fatisfa&ion of the faid refpeClive commiffioners of excife, that fuch wine, through unavoidable accident, could not have been fo delivered and received.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That but fuch wine if any fuch wine, cafks, bottles, jars, veflels or packages, (hall fhall be re-be feized as forfeited, under and by virtue of the next preceding recognizance claufe, the fame (hall be reftored and delivered up without de- being entered lay by the officer or officers feizing the fame, to the perfon or into, to prove perfons having the charge or cuftody thereof at the time of fuch ^ c°uld n°!« feizure, if fuch perfon or perfons fhall and do, before any one ^ time^ pf his MajeftyY juftices of the peace redding near to the place

where fuch feizure (hall be made, enter into a recognizance, with one or more other fufficient furety, to be approved of by fuch juftice of the peace, to his Majefty, his heirs, and fuccef-fors, in double the value of fuch feizure (which recognizance fuch juftice is hereby authorized and required to take), with condition to prove, within one month then next enfuing, to the fatisfa&ion of the faid refpe&ive commiffioners of excife, that fuch wine, through unavoidable accident, could not have been fo delivered and received, and upon fuch recognizance being enterecl into, fuch juftice of the peace (hall certify, upon the

Hosted by

Google

632	Ando vicefimfc fexto Georgia III; c. 59. [1786.

back of the permit accompanying fuch wine, that a recognizance has been entered into in purfuance of this a<51, and (hall alfo, by indorfement on fuch permit, allow fuch further time, as to him (hall feem meet, for fuch wine to be delivered and received into the warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars* vaults, and other places of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame was by fuch permit authorifed to be Tent; and fuch in-dorfement (hall, during fuch further time, be of the fame force and effeft as a permit granted according to the directions of this a<5t; and fuch juftice (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to tranfmit every fuch recognizance to the King’s remembrancer in the courts of exchequer in England and Scotland re-fpe&ively.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafied by the authority afore-If vtrne be faid. That if any permit or permits (hall be granted by any of-not Tent away ,fiCer or officers of excife, to any dealer or dealers in or feller or dealers agree- ^e^ers °f f°reign wine, for the removal of any foreign wine from able to per- one P^ace to another, and if, within the times limited in fuch T: mit8,theymuft permit or permits refpecSively for that purpofe, fuch deafer of be returned, dealers, or feller or fellers, to or for whom fuch permit or per-treble the °* m*ts	f°	granted,	(hall not either actually and really fend

value*	away all the wine by fuch permit or permits authorifed to be

*	,	lent away purfuant to the true intent and meaning of fuch per-

mit or permits, or, in default of fo fending away fuch wine, fhall not, before the expiration of the time limited in and by fuch permit and permits refpeflively, return fuch permit and permits to the officer or officers who granted the fame, then, and in every fuch refpedlive cafe and cafes, fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, to whom fuch permit or permits, or for whofe ufe fuch permit or permits fhall have been granted, (hall for every gallon of fuch wine mentioned in fuch permit or permits, and not removed according to the purport thereof, forfeit and lofe treble the value of fuch wine, to be eftimated according to the beft and higheft rate and price which wine of the beft quality of that kind (hall fell for in London at the time when and if on tak- fuch forfeiture (hall be incurred ; and if fuch permit or permits decreafe * ro- are not returnec* as aforefaid, and in cafe, upon taking an ac-port^onateTo count> by any officer or officers of excife, of the flock of fo-the contents reign wine remaining ih the hands or cuftody of the dealer or of the permit dealers', or feller or fellers, from or out of whofe flock the wine dear a^ike" ment*lonecl m fuch permit or permits as aforefaid are thereby quantity may authorifed to be removed, there (hall not appear a fufficient de-be feized, etc. creafe to anfwer the removal of the wine mentioned in fuch' permit or permits as aforefaid, refpedtively, then and in fuch cafe the refpeeftive dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, from or out of whofe flock fuch wine mentioned in the faid permit or permits lhall be authorifed to be removed, (hall forfeit and lofe the like quantities of wine fo permitted to be removed, and not removed according to fuch permiffion, to be feized and taken by the officers of excife, or any or either of them, out of any foreign wine of the denomination given in fuch permit or permits

Hosted by Google

^33

1786.] Anno vtcefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 59;

mits to the wine fo authorifed to be# removed, and then in the cuftody or poffeffion of the dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, forfeiting the fame; and if fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, (hall not then have in his, her, or their cuftody or pof-ftffion, fuch like quantity of wine of that denomination* theti and in fuch cafe fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore-

faid. That if any permit or permits, for the removal of any Private per-Foreign wine from one place to another, (hall be granted by fonsnot're-any officer or officers of excife, to any perfon, other than a dealer	to

or dealers in or feller or fellers of foreign wine by wholefale or permits, mult retail, and if within the times limited in fuch permit or permits return them, refpe&ively for that purpofe, fuch perfon or perfons to or for on penalty of whom fuch permit-or permits (hall be fo granted, fhall not [J* ^va*‘ either actually and really fend away all the wine by fuch permit wine.

or permits authorifed to be fent away, purfuant to the true in-t tent and meaning of fuch permit or permits, nr, ih default of fo fending away fuch wine, (hall not, before the expiration of the time limited in and by fuch permit and permits refpedtively, return fuch permit and permits to the officer or officers who granted the fame, then, and in every fuch refpe&ive cafe and cafes, the perfon or perfons, other than fuch dealer or dealers in or feller or fellers of foreign wine by wholefale or retail, to whom fuch permit or permits, or for whofe ufe fuch permit or permits (hall have been granted* (hall, for every gallon of fuch wine mentioned in fuch permit or permits, and not removed according to the purport thereof, forfeit and lofe treble the value of fuch wine, to be eftimated according to the bed and higheft rate or price which wine of that kind (hall, fell for in London at the time when fuch forfeiture (hall be incurred.

XXXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-

faid, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall counterfeit Perform giving or forge, or caufe to be counterfeited or forged, any permit for	C

the removal of any foreign wine from one part of this kingdom forfeit 500I. to any other part thereof, and for the removal of which a permit is by this a61 required; or if any perfon or perfons fhall knowingly or willingly give any falfe or untrue permit for fuch . removal of foreign wine, or (hall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any falfe or untrue permit with any fuch wine removed or to be removed as aforefaid; or if any perfon or perfons (hall fraudulently alter or erafe any fuch permit, after the fame (hall have been given or granted by the proper officer of cxcife ; or if any perfon or perfons fhall knowingly or willingly publifti or make ufe of any fuch permit, fo counterfeited, forged, falfe, untrue, altered, or erafed; every perfon or perfons fo offending fhall, /for each and every fuch offence, feverally forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred .pounds,

XL, And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or -perfons whatfoever (hall counterfeit or Penalty on forge, or caufe to be counterfeited or forged, any certificate of fogging cer-

®	fuch	tlhcate of rew

iucn cognizance.

Hosted by Google

In every action for the laid penalty, fufficient bail to be given.

Wine fraudulently hid to be forfeited.

How officers are to proceed when they fufpe<5l wine is fraudulenty depofited.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 59*

fuch recognizance as is herein-before required ta.be taken} being entered into, or any fuch indorfement'as is hereinbefore directed to be made, or (hail knowingly or willingly give atiy fuch falfe or untrue certificate or indorfetaient, or (ball knowingly or willingly accept or receive any fuch falfe or untrue certificate or indorfement with any fuch wine removed* or to be removed, as aforefaid, or (hall fraudulently alter or erafe any fuch certificate or indorfement granted or made by any fuch juftice of the peace, or (hall knowingly or willingly publifh or make ufe of any fuch certificate or indorfenaent fo counterfeited, forged, falle, untrue, altered, or erafed, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch offence, feverally forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds*

XLI. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That upon every a&ion, bill, plaint, or information, entered or filed in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminjler^ or court of exchequer in Scotland, for any or either of the faid penalties of five hundred pounds, z-capias in the firft procefsV (hall and may iffue, fpecifying fuch penalty or penalties ; and die defendant or defendants (hall be obliged to give fufficient bail, by natural-born fubjedts, perfons naturalized, or denizens, to1 the perfon or perfons to whom fuch capias (hall be directed, to appear in the court out of which fuchcapias (hall iffue, at the; day of the return of fuch writ, to anfwer fuch fuit or profeeu-tion; and (hall likewife, at the time of fuch appearance, give" fufficient bail or fecurity, by fuch perfons as aforefaid, in the faid court, to anfwer and pay fuch penalty or penalties of five hundred pounds, in cafe he, (he, or they (hall be convidted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their bodies to prifon.

XLII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any foreign wine (hall be fraudulently depofited, hid, or concealed in any place whatfoever, with an intent to defraud his Majefty of the duties thereon, fuch foreign wine (hall be forfeited and loft, together with the ca(ks, bottles, jars, vefiels, and packages whatfoever containing the fame, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife; and, the better to enable fuch officer or officers to dif-cover fuch foreign wine fo fraudulently depofited, hid, or concealed, if any fuch officer or officers ihall have caufe to fufpedt that any foreign wine (hall be fraudulently depofited, hid, or concealed in any place whatfoever, with intent to defraud his Majefty of the duties thereon, then, and in fuch cafe, if fuch place (hall be within the cities of Londofi or JVeJlminfler, or within the limits of the chief office of excife in London; and if the officer or officers fo having caufe to fufpe6l be an officer or officers of excife, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers, before the commiffioners of excife for the time being, or any two or more of them, or, in cafe fuch place (hall be in any other part of Great Britain 5 or if the officer or officers fo having caufe to fufpe<5t be an officer or officers of the cuftoms, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife,

before

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 59.

before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, ©replace, where fuch officer or officers (hall fn/pedt the fame to be depofited, hid, or concealed, fetting forth the ground of his or their fufpicion, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, or the juftice or juftices of the peace refpedtively, as the cafe may require, before whom fuch oath (hall be made, if they or he (half judg<e it reafonable, by fpecial warrant or warrants under his and their refpe&ive hands and feats, to authorize and impower fuch officer or officers, by day or by night, but, if in the night time, in the prefence of a conftable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every fuch place or places, where he or they (hall fo fufpedl fuch foreign wine to be fo fraudulently depofited, hid, or concealed, and feize and carry away all fuch foreign wine, which he or they (hall then and there find fo fraudulently depofited, hid, or concealed, as forfeited, together with all the cafks, bottles* jars, veflels, and packages wherein the fame (hall be contained.

XLIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the officers of excife, or any of them, to go on board, and enter into any fhip or veffel whatfoever, which (hall be within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof, and to continue on board the fame, and to examine and fearch, in like manner as the officers of the cuftoms may now legally do, for all foreign wine whatfoever, and to feize for his Majefty’s ufe all fuch foreign wine there found, as by the laws thereunto relating (hall be forfeited, together with the calks, bottles, jars, veflels, and packages containing the fame, and alfo fuch fhip or veffel, if the fame (hall be forfeited for or on account of fuch wine.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall give, or offer to give, any bribe, recompence, or reward whatfoever, to any officer or officers of excife, to connive at or permit any foreign wine to be run on fhore, or to connive at any falfe or Ihort entry of any fuch foreign wine; or fhall give or offer to give, any bribe, recompence, or reward whatfoever, in order to corrupt, perfuade, or prevail upon any fuch officer or officers, either to do or perform any adt or adls, thing or things whatfoever, contrary to the duty of fuch officer or officers in execution of this adt, or to negledt to do or perform any adt or adts, thing or things, whatfoever, belonging or appertaining to the bufinefs and duty of fuch officer and officers in execution of this adt, or to connive at or conceal any fraud or frauds relating to the duties on foreign wines, or not to difcover the fame, every fuch perfon or perfons fhall, for every fuch offence, whether the fame offer or propofal be accepted or not, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XLV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall affault, refill,

oppofe,

635

Officers of excife may go on board fhips, and fearch them, in like manner as officers of the cuftoms.

Perfons attempting to corrupt officers forfeit iool.

Perfons ob-(Irudting officers in the

Hosted by

Google

63 6

execution of their duty, etc. forfeit iool.

No drawback to be allowed on the expor-tationofwine, unlefs the regulations herein pre-fcribed are conformed to.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c*	{1786.

oppofe, tnoleft, obftruft, or hinder any officer or officers of excife in the due execution of this a<3, or .of my of the powers or authorities hereby given or granted to any fuch officer or of-> fleers*.or Aiall by fforee^qr rvipfence refctie, or daufe to be refcu.^3, anyjforeign wine* after the fame (hail have been feized by fuch officer or &ffi?er?**& aforcfaid, prfoaH.auempt or endeavour fo to do, or, after JGuch felzare, or whilff any fuch officer or officers is or are attempting to feize any fuch foreign wine, (hall ftaye* break, or otherwife deftroy or damage any ca(k, veffel, bottle, jar, or other package wherein the fame (hall be contained, all and every perfon or perfons.fo offending (hall, for every fuch; offence, for which no: other penalty is particularly provided by> this aft* forfeit and lofe thefum of one hundred pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid. That no drawback of any duty on any foreign wine whatfoever, fhail be allowed, upon,the exportation of fuch wine from this kingdom, unlefs fuch wine fhail be exported under and fubje& to the rules, regulations, terms, conditions, and directions here-, in-after mentioned, and prefcribed, over and befides the rules, regulations, terms, conditions,-and directions, other than where the fame are altered . by, this adt, now commonly pradtifed o.r< enforced by the officers of the cuftoms, upon the exportation of fuch wine, in order to obtain the drawback or drawbacks upon the exportation thereof* (that is to fay), The perfon or perfon s intending to (hip and ;export any fuch. wine (hall, in cafe fuch wine is intended to be packed up for exportation, give fix hours notice in writing, in cafe fuch wine is, intended to be pacjced up within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, and twelve hours notice in writing, in cafe, fuch wine is intended fo to be packed up in any place out of the faid limits in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up any fqch wine for exports-tion, and of the time and place when and where the fame is intended to be packed up, to the officer or officers of excife who (hall be appointed for that purpofe by. the refpeCtive compsif-fioners of excife in England and Scotlandor the major part of them for the time being, of the particular port or place to which fuch wine is intended to be exported, and of the quantity of fuch wine fo to be (hipped and exported; and if the fame be French wine, whether it is French red wine, or French white wine, or, if fuch wine fo to be (hipped and exported be foreign wine, other than French wine, whether the fame is foreign red wine, not French, or foreign white wine, not French; and fuch officer or officers (hall attend to fee fuch wine packed up, and the fame (hall be packed up in the prefence of fuch officer or officers, and (hall be fecured with fuch faftenings, and fealed with fuch feal or mark, and in fuch manner, as the faid refpec-tive commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, (hall direCt; and the officer or officers who (hall have feen fuch wine; packed up, (hall take an account of 4ie quantity of fuch wine, fo intended to be exported, and in fuch account (hall fpecify (if the fame be French wine) whether the fame is Frenchred wine*

or

Hosted by

Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. 0.59.'	637

or French white wine, or, if fuch wine fo intended to be exported be not French wine, whether the fame be foreign red wine, not French, or foreign white wine, not French, and fuch officer or officers (hall make a return thereof to the officer who (hall be appointed by fuch refpeciive commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, to receive the fame, at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward for fo doing; and the perfon or perfons intending to fhip any foreign wine for exportation, fhall give fix hours notice in writing, within the limits of the faid chief office, and twelve hours notice in writing in other places in Great Britain, of the time and place of (hipping fuch wine, unto fuch officer or officers of excife of the place where the fame fhall be (hipped, as (hall be appointed for that purpofe by the faid refpedlive commiffioners, or the major part of them for the time being, and of the name of the fhip or vefiel in which the fame is intended to be (hipped and exported, and of the matter or commander thereof, and of the particular port or place to which wine is intended to be exported, and of the quantity of fuch wine fo to be (hipped and exported ; and if fuch wine be French wine, whether the fame be French red wine or Frencfy white wine; and if fuch wine, fo to be (hipped and exported, be not French wine, whether the fame is foreign red wine, not French, or foreign white wine, not French', and if any fuch foreign wine fo intended to be packed for exportation, fhall not be begun to be packed, or if any fuch foreign wine, fo intended to be exported, (hall not be bbgun to be (hipped, at the time mentioned for the refpe&ive purpofes aforefaid in fuch notice refpedliyely, or within one hour after fuch time, then fuch refpedive notices (hall be void, and the like refpe&ive notices in writing (hall be again given unto fuch officer or officers, previous to the packing up of fuch wine for exportation, or previous to the (hipping of any foreign wine for exportation, as the cafe may require.

XLVII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (fave and except the proper offi- Packages, cer of the cuftoms, and the officer of excife, at the port of ex- fealed for ex* portation herein-after mentioned), (hall open any fuch package, tobe^ened, after the famre has been fo fecured and fealed as aforefaid, or etc. on pe- * fhall wilfully deftroy or deface fuch feal or mark, every fuch nalty of jol. perfon and perfons, fo offending, (hall forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the exporter of any fuch foreign wine Bond to be fhall alfo, before the fhipping the fame, give bond, with fuffici- given for ex-ent fecurity, to be approved of by the refpedtive commiffioners of excife in England and Scotland, or the major part of them, or oath ,macje the perfon by them appointed for that purpofe, in treble the that the du-amount of all the duties intended to be drawn back on fuch ex- ties thereon portation of fuch wine, that the particular wine fo intended to ha7f been be exported, and every part thereof (hall (the danger of the pai * feas and enemies excepted) be (hipped and exported to the port Vox., XXXV.	Uu	or

Hosted by Google

63s	Anno	vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 59.	[1786,

or place to which fuch wine is in fuch notice, in that behalf herein-before directed to be given, declared to be intended to be exported, and (hall not be exported or carried to any other place or country whatfoever, and (hall not be unihipped, unladed, or laid on land, or put on board any other (hip, veflel, or boat, in Great Britain, ((hipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted) ; which bond the officer of excife of the port or placet from whence fuch wine (hall be exported, appointed for that purpofe by the faid refpective cotmniffioners of excife, or the major part of them for the time being, is hereby directed to take, in his Majefty’s name, and to his Majefty’s ufe; and the faid exporter (hall alfo, before the (hipping of fuch foreign wine, make oath, that he believes the duties upon fuch foreign wine have been fully paid, which oath they the refpe&ive commiflioners of excife, or any one or more of them for the time being, are, and the furveyor or fupervifor, or other officer appointed for that purpofe by, the faid refpe&ive commiflioners of excife, or the major part of them, for the time being, is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter; and fuch refpe&ive commiflioners of excile, or any one or more of them, or fuch furveyor or fupervifor, or other officer, being fatisfied of the truth of fuch oath, (hall, within one month after the aftual exportation of fuch wine, give to the faid exporter, or his clerk or agent, a certificate or debenture, exprefling the quantities of fuch wine Certificates of fQ (hipped; and, if fuch wine fo (hipped was French wine, whe-expone^etc ^er l*ie ^ame was ^renc^ rec* w^ne or French white wine; or if to be given to fuch wine fo fhipped was not French wine, whether the fame * entitle expor-was foreign red wine not French, or foreign white wine not ter to the fol- French; and that all the duties hereby impofed on fuch wine backs^diaW* ^ave keen P3^ for the fame; and that bond, with fufficient fer curity, hath been given, before the (hipping the fame, for the due exportation thereof; and fuch certificate or debenture'being produced to the collector of excife of the port* or place from whence fuch wines were fo exported, he (hall forthwith pay or allow the perfon or perfons fo exporting the fame, or their agents, out of the duties by this a6t impofed on foreign wine, the following drawbacks or allowances, (that is to fay);

for every ton "For every ton of French wine, for which all duties due and wineexported Paya^e in refpeft thereof have been fully paid, exported from to America, this kingdom to any Britijh colony or plantation in America, or the Eaft or to any part of the united dates of America, or to any Britijh ladies, 19I. fettlement in the Eaji Indies, as merchandize, the fum of niner i36*‘*	teen pounds, thirteen (hillings; and fo in proportion for any

greater or lefler quantity :

Foreve^ton And for every ton 0f fuch French wine, exported from this p°aceJs°L£skingdom to any other part or place beyond the feas, as mer-* chandize, the fum of eleven pounds, five (hillings; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity:

For every ton And for every ton of foreign wine, other than French wine,

reien wine to ^or	duties due and payable in refpect thereof have

‘	been

Hosted by. Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGH III. c. 59.	639

been fully paid, exported from this kingdom, to any Britifb co- America, 14I. lony or plantation in America, or to any part of the united 7s*5 ftates pf America, as merchandize, the fum of fourteen pounds, feven (hillings; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity:

And for every ton of fuch foreign wine, other than French For every ton wine, exported from this kingdom to any Britijh fettlement in of other fo-the Eaji Indies, as merchandize, the fum of nine pounds, feven- [heEaftlndies teen (hillings; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier I7S<;	9

quantity:

And for every toil of fuch foreign wine, other than French For every ten wine, exported as merchandize from this kingdom to any other of other fo-part or place beyond the feas, the fum of five pounds, thirteen other^ (hillings 5 and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity. piace> 5\ 130.

And if fuch colle&or of excife (hall not have money in his Drawbacks hands to pay the fame, then the refpedtive commifiioners of maY he paid excife in England or Scotland are required to pay the faid draw- ^on^esTrlfiris back or allowances out' of any money in their hands, ariling from duties 5 from the duties hereby impofed, or any of them : provided al- impofed by ways. That it (hall and may be lawful for the officer attending this a ft. the (hipping of fuch foreign wines, if he thinks it neceflary, at Officers may the port or place of exportation, and alfo for the proper officer £Pe” an.d in“ of the cuftoms, if he (hall think it neceflary, upon the (hipping packed for any fuch wine for exportation, to open and examine fuch foreign exportation, wine as (hall be fo packed, in order that he may be fatisfied and if any part that fuch wines are the fame that are deferibed in the account ^be fo fent by the officer in whofe prefence any fuch wine was fo e °r U~ packed: provided always. That if, after the (hipping any fuch foreign wine, and the giving fuch fecurity as aforefaid, in order to obtain a drawback or allowance of any of the duties before paid thereupon, the fame wine, or any part thereof, (hall be un(hipped, unladed, or laid on land, or put into any other (hip, veflel, or boat; within this kingdom ((hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted), that then, and in every fuch cafe, over and above the penalty of the bond, which (hall be levied and recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, all the faid wine which (hall be fo unihipped, unladed, or laid on land, or put into any other (hip, veflel, or bo^t, within Great Britain ((hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted), or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

XLIX, And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fuch bond, herein-before directed to be given, (hall Howimporta-be difeharged in manner herein-after mentioned; (that is to fi°n bonds fay). For fuch of the faid wines as (hall be entered for, or land- charged ^ ed in Ireland, the condition of the bond (hall be, to bring in a g certificate in difeharge thereof, within fix months from the date of the bond, and within twelve months for fuch of the faid wines as fhali be entered for, or landed in any other port or place in Europe; and within eighteen months for fuch of the faid wines as (hall be entered for, or landed in any of his

U u 2	Majefty’s

Hosted by Google

Officer not entitled tore-ward, unlefs notice of fei-zure be given within i» hours. Account of feized wine to be taken, and not removed without permit.

No dealer in wine to a£fc as a joffice of peace in matters concerning this ad.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. cu 59. [1786.

Majetty’s plantations in America or Africa, or any of the united ftates of America; and within twenty-four months for fuch of the faid wines as (hall be entered for, or landed in any port or place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hopei which faid certificate for fuch wine as aforefaid as (hall be landed in any port or place where any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms (hall be refident, (hall be figned by the proper officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms there,importing that fuch wines were thereland-ed, teftifying the landing thereof; and if no officer of his Ma-jefty’s cuftoms (hall be refident in fuch port or place where fuch wines (hall be landed, fuch certificate (hall be figned by the Britijb conful, or other perfon a&ing as fuch there, importing that fuch wines were there landed, teftifying the landing thereof; and if no officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or Britifh conful, or other perfon adting as fuch, (hall be refident in fuch port or place where fuch wines (hall be landed, fuch certificate (hall be under the common feal of the chief magiftrate in fuch port or ' place, or under the hands and feals of two known Britifh merchants, then being at fuch port or place, that fuch wine was there landed ; or fuch bond or bonds (hall be difcharged, upon proof, in either of the faid cafes, that fuch wines were taken by enemies, or perifhed in the feas, or by fire, or were fpent and confumed on board the (hip or veffel in which the fame were exported during the voyage, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the faid refpe&ive commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, for the time being.

L. And be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid. That no officer of the cuftoms (hall be entitled to any reward given on the feizure of any wine by virtue of this a£t, unlefs notice of fuch feizure be by him given, within twelve hours next after fuch feizure, at the next office of excife, or to the fupervifor of excife of the diftricSb where fuch feizure (hall be made, who (hall be obliged, on fuch notice, to take a particular account of the fpecies and quantities of all fuch wine fo feized; nor (hall any fuch wine be afterwards removed without a permit or certificate figned by fuch officer of excife, or fupervifor of the place or diftrid from whence fuch wine is to be removed, under the penalties of fuch wine being forfeited, and the,fame (hall and may be feized as forfeited by any other officer or officers of the cuftoms, or by any officer or officers of excife.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon whatsoever, being a dealer in or feller of foreign wine, or who is or (hall be anyway interefted or concerned in the trade or bufinefs of dealing in or felling wine, (hall, during fuch time as he (hall be fo interefted or concerned in the trade or bufinefs of dealing in or felling wine, a6t as a juftice of the peace in any matter or thing whatfoever which (hall anywife concern the execution of the powers or authorities given or granted by this a6t; and if any fuch perfon or perfons (hall, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, prefume to ex-ercife any fuch powers or authorities, or to do any a£t hereby

authorifed •

• Hosted by Google

641

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. C. 59J .

authorifed to be done by any juftice or juftices of the peace, all fuch ads, fo executed or done by fuch perfon or perfons, lhall be utterly null and void, to all intents and purpofes what-foever.

LII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That any perfon or perfons who (hail be convided of wilfully Perfons tak-taking a falfe oath, in any of the cafes in which oaths are re- ing falfe oaths quired to be taken by virtue of this ad, (hall be liable to the pains and penalties to which perfons are liable for wilful and rers. corrupt perjury.

LIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That all the monies arifing by the duties impofed by this ad, Duties to be (all cofts, charges, and expences, of railing, receiving, colled- exchequer ing, levying, accounting for, and paying the fame, being fir ft lna applied to deduded), lhall from time to time be paid by the faid refpedive the purpofes commiffioners of excife into the receipt of the exchequer, and oftherepealed fhall be applied to the fame ufes and purpofes, and under fuch duties, regulations, as the monies arifing by the faid additional impofi-tions, rates, or duties, and additional impofitions or duties upon the produce thereof, by this ad repealed, where applicable unto before the palling of this ad.

LIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every the powers, diredions, rules, penalties, for- Powers of ad feitures, claufes, matters, and things, which in and by an ad, 14 c*r# fumade in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Se- putl^forcef cond, intituled. An aft for taking away the court of wards, and where not liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights fervice, and purvey- hereby repeal-ance> and for fettling a revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof or e<** by any other law now in force relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided and eftablilhed, for managing, raifing, levying, colleding, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or afcertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (othjer than in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions are made and preferibed by this ad), lhall bepradifed, ufed,and put in execution,in and for the managing, raifing, levying, colleding, mitigating, recovering, and paying the faid duties upon foreign wine hereby granted, as fully and effedually as if all and every the faid powers, rules, diredfons, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded iq this prefent ad.

LV\ And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this ad, Howpenal-

fhall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, ties are to be

means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be	ancl

fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of

excife, or by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any

of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfier, or in the court

of exchequer in Scotland refpedively; and that one moiety of

every fuch fine, penalty,' or forfeiture, lhall be to his Majefty,

bis heirs and~ fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them

who lhall inform, difeover, or fue for the fame.

U u 3	LVI.And

Hosted by Google

6Anno vlcefimo fexto Georgii HI. C. 59*	[1786.

LVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Limitation of That if any adion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced adions. againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing by him or them done in purfuance of this ad, fuch action or fuit (hall be com-menced within three months next after the matter or thing General imie. ^one, an^ fce ja|j jn t|le pr0per county, and the defendant or defendants in any fuch action or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this act and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their adioa or profecution, or judgement fnall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or de-Treble colts* fendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

LVII. And be it further enaded, by the authority aforefaid. Probable cau- That in cafe any information or fuit (hall be commenced and t^indenTnify brought to trial, on account of the feizure of any wine feized the officer. as forfeited by virtue of this or any ad or ads of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the duties on foreign wine, or of any (hip, veffel, or boat, or of any horfe, cattle, or carriage, ufed or employed in removing or carrying the fame, wherein a verdid (hall be found for the claimer thereof, and it fhall appear to the judge or court, before whom the fame (hall be tried or heard, that there was a probable caufe of feizure, the judge or court, before whom the fame (hall be tried or heard, (hall certify that there was a probable caufe for making fuch feizure, and in fuch cafe the claimant (hall not be entitled to any cofts of fuit whatfoever, nor (hall the perfon or perfons who made fuch feizure be liable to any adion, indidment, or other fuit or profecution, on account of fuch feizure ; and that in cafe any adion, indidment, or profecution, (hall be commenced and brought to trial againft any perfon or perfons whatfoever, on account of the feizing any fuch wine, or of any fuch (hip, veffel, boat, horfe, cattle, or carriage, ufed or employed in removing or carrying the fame, whether any information (hall be brought to trial to condemn the fame or not, and a verdid (hall be given againft the defendant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom fuch adion, indidment, or profecution, (hall be tried, fhall certify that there was a probable caufe for fuch feizure, then the plaintiff, befides the thing fo feized, or the value thereof, (hall not be entitled to above two-pence damages, nor to any cofts of fuit, nor (hall the defendant in fuch profecution be fined above one (hilling.

LVI1I. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ^o or^cefsto That no writ or procefs (hall be fued out againft any officer or tUl a month’s °®cers t^e cuftoms or excife, or againft any perfon or per-notice has - fons ading by his or their order, and in his or their aid, for h?£n given, any thing done in the execution, or by reafon of this ad, until one calendar month next after notice in writing (hall have been delivered fo him of them, or left at the ufual place of his or

............................. '	’	their

- Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII III. C.59.	6^2

their abode, by the attorney or agent for the perfon or perfons

who intends or intend to fue out fuch writ or procefs as afore-

faid; in which notice fhall be clearly and explicitly contained

the caufe of a&ion, the name and place of abode of the perfon

or perfons in whofe name fuch adtion is intended to be brought,

and the name and place of abode of the faid attorney or agent;

and that a fee of twenty (hillings, and no more, (hall be paid Fee of notice*

for the preparing and ferving of every fuch notice.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch officer or Tender of officers, or other perfon or perfons adting in his or their aid, amends to be to whom fuch notice fhall be given as aforefaid, at any time of^aion” ^ within one calendar month after fuch notice (hall be given, to	*

tender amends to the perfon or perfons complaining, or to his, her, or their agent or attorney, and in cafe fuch amends are not accepted, to plead fuch tender in bar to any adtion to be brought againft him or them, grounded on fuch writ or procefs, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea or pleas, with leave of the court in which fuch action (hall be brought; and if, upon iflue joined thereon, the jury fhall find the amends fo tendered to have been fufficient, then they (hall give a ver-didt for the defendant or defendants; and in fuch cafe, or in cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, or difcon-tinue fuch addon, or in cafe judgement (hall be given for fuch defendant or defendants upon demurrer, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall be entitled to the like cofts as he or they Cofts. would have been entitled to in cafe he or they had pleaded the general iflue q^nly ; and if upon iflue fo joined the jury (hall find that no amends were tendered, or that the fame were not fufficient, and alfo againft the defendant or defendants in fuch other plea or pleas, then they fhall give a verdidt for fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, and fuch damages as they fhall think proper.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any cafe No evidence where an action (hall be grounded on any act done by the de- be Produc-fendant or defendants, (hall be permitted to produce any evi- containedfo** dence of the caufe of fuch action, except fuch as (hall be con- the notice, tained in the notice to be given as aforefaid, or (hall recover etc. any verdidt againft fuch officer or officers, or perfon or perfons acting in his or their aid, unlefs it (hall be proved on the trial of fuch adticn that fuch notice was given, and that in default of fuch proof the defendant or defendants in fuch adtion (hall recover a verdidt and cofts as aforefaid’

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any fuch officer or officers, or others acting in his Money may or their aid, fhall neglect to tender any amends, or (hall have ^QUpr^aSint:0 tendered inlufficient amends, before the adtion brought, it (hall amends* and may be lawful for him or them, by leave of the court in which fuch adtion (hall be brought, at any time before iflue joined, to pay into court fuch fum of money as he (hall fee fit,

UU4	where*

Hosted by Google

conditions, but the proprietors not be entitled to damages.

644	Anno	vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786,

whereupon fuch proceedings, orders, and judgements, (hall be had, made, and given, in and by fuch court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court*

A noli profe- LXII, And be it further enacted, That in cafe any profecu-

entered'wh re tl0n	commencec^ by anY °fficer or officers of the cuf-

penaltierhave toms or exc^e ^ recovery of any penalty incurred by vir-been uninten- tue of this a6t, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty’s at-tionally in- torney general, in cafe it (hall appear to his fatisfadUon that curred. fuch penalty was incurred without any intention of fraud, to flop all further proceedings, by entering a noli profequi, or other-wife, upon every fuch information, as well with refpeft to the (hare of fuch forfeiture to which any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue (hall be or may claim to be entitled, as to the (hare thereof to his Majefty belonging.

LXIIL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid* Goods unin- That in cafe any goods or commodities whatever, or any (hips, forfeited may ve^'els, bo^ts, horfes, cattle, or carriages, (hall be feized as for-be reftored on feited, by virtue or in purfuance of this a<ft; it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners the cuftoms or excife re-fpe&ively, on evidence given to their fatisfa&ion, that the forfeiture arofe without any defign or intention of fraud in the proprietor of proprietors of fuch goods or commodities, (hips, yefifels, boats, horfes, cattle, or carriages, to order the fame to be reftored to fuch proprietor or proprietors, in. fuch manner and on fuch terms and conditions as under the circumftances of the cafe (hall appear to the faid commiffioners of the excife and cuftoms refpediively to be reasonable, and as they (hall think fit to direct; and if the faid proprietor or proprietors (hall comply with the terms and conditions prefcribed by fuch commiffioners refpedtively, it (hall not be lawful for the officer or pfficers who (hall feize fuch goods or commodities, (hips, vef-fels, boats, horfes, cattle, or carriages, or any other perfon or perfons whatever, on his or their behalf, to proceed in any manner for the condemnation thereof; but if fuch proprietor or proprietors (hall not comply with the terms and conditions prefcribed by the faid commiffioners refpe&iveiy, fuch officer or officers (hall be at liberty, and is and are hereby authorifed to proceed for the condemnation of fuch goods or commodities, 1'hips, veflels, boats, horfes, cattle, or carriages, as if this law 'had not been made; and if fuch proprietor or proprietors (hall accept the terms and conditions prefcribed by the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms and excife, fuch proprietor or proprietors (hall not have, or be entitled to any recompence or damage on account of the feizure or detention of fuch goods or commodifies, (hips, vefiels, boats, horfes, cattle, or carriages, or have pr maintain any adtion whatever for the fame; any law, cuftom, pr ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXIV. And whereas, by. an aft made in the twenty-thirdyear of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An a6t for the better preventing frauds in the landing and removing of wines in this kingdom, and to prevent the relanding of refined fugar, entered

Recital of aft *3 Geo- 3»P* 70.; and

Hosted by (jOCK^lC

i^86.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 59,	645

for exportation, to obtain the drawback or bounty; it was en-afledy That,from and after the firjl day ^September, one thoufand /even hundred and eighty-three, no wine of any forty in any hogfheady or other cafk whatfoevery fhould be removed or carriedy either by land or by water, from any outporty creeky or haveny in Great Britain, not being within the limits of the port 0/London, to any other town, forty or place whatfoevery within the fame lingdomy zvithout a certificate fir ft had and obtained from the collector and comptr oiler, or the chief officer of the cuftoms at or near eft to the towny forty or place from which fuch wine was intended to be fo removedy certifying that the duties due and payable for fuch wine had been paid at the port or place of importationy or that the fame was wine fold for falvagey or that the fame had been compounded for, or condemnedy as the cafe might bey referring to the time wheny and the place wherey fuch wine was enteredy foldy compounded for, or condemnedy and expreffing the * quantity and fort of winey with the marks of the package thereof \ to what placey and to whom the fame was confignedy and by what carriage y and by whom the fame was intended to be removedy which faffs fhould be verified by the oath 1f the importer or proprietor of fuch wine; and if the wine was to be removed by landy the certificate fhould alfo exprefs and' limit the time for zvhich fuch certificate fhould continue in force: and whereas by an other affy made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his faid Majeflyy intituledy An adl to re- A&14 Geo. vive and continue feveral laws relating to the allowing the ex- 3*

Eortation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to *0a is Majefty’s fugar colonies in America; and to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum (hipped as (lores to be confumed on board merchant (hips on their voyages; and to extend the provifions of an a6t of the twenty-third year of his prefent Ma-jefty, relative to the removal of wine in cafks, to wine removed in bottles, and other packages; reciting the faid claufe herein-before recited of the faid affy made in the twenty-third year of his faid prefent Mqjeflf s reigny and that great quantities of wine which had been clandeftinely imported into. the out-ports of this kingdom, and run on fhore without payment of the duties due for the famey had been afterwards removed from thence to other parts within this king-doniy and into the port of London, in bottles and other fmall packages y it was enaffedy Thaty from and after the twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, the faid in part recited affy and every claufe and matter thereiny fo far as the fame related to the removal of wine in hogfheads or other tafksy or infliffed any penalty or forfeiture upon the removal of fuch wine without fuch certificate, or upon perfons who fhould falfely make oath to any of the faffs therein required to be fworny or who fhould forgey counterfeit, erafey altery or falfify any certificatey or knowingly make ufe of any certificate fo forgedy counterfeit edy erafedy olteredy or falfifiedy fhould extendy and be conftruei to. extendy in like manner, to the removal of any fort of wine in bottles, or any other packages whatfoevery as fully, to all intents and purpofeSy as if the feveral claufeSy r efir iff ions y penalties , and forfeitures relative thereto were again repeated and re-en-qffed in that aff; and whereas the good purpofes by the faid claufes ciaufes of the

intended3 recited acts.

Hosted by

Google

forbidding the removal of wine from any out port without certificates, repealed.

Commencement of this act.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 60. [1786.

intended, will be ejfeftually anfwered by the provifions of this aft, and the faid claufes will therefore be unneceffary to be continued in force; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid recited claufes (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

LXV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That this adt (hall commence and take eflfedt, as to all fuch matters and things therein contained in refpedt ?whereof no fpe-cial commencement is hereby diredted or provided, from and immediately after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix.

CAP. LX.

An aft for the further increafe and encouragement of /hipping and

navigation.

Preamble. \X7 H E R E A S the wealth and frength of this kingdom, and V V the profperity and fafety of every part of the Britifh empire, greatly depend on the encouragement given to /hipping and navigation : and whereas it is proper that the advantages hitherto given by the legifature to Jhips owned and navigated by his Majejlfs fubjefts Jhould from henceforth be confined to /hips wholly built and fitted out in his Majefty* s dominions: be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, From Aug. i, from and after the firft day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hun-buM^out ofP	an<^ ei£hty*fix, no (hip or vefiel foreign-built (except fuch

his Majefty’s	or vefiels as have been or (hall hereafter be taken by any

douim msex- °f his Majefty’s (hips or veflels of war, or by any private or cept prizes, other (hip or vefiel, and condemned as lawful prize in any fe en“ court of admiralty), nor any (hip or vefiel built or rebuilt upon rnviieles^fa any forsign-made keel or bottom, in the manner heretofore. Britiih Oiip; pradtifed and allowed, although owned by Briti/h fubjedts, and but foreign	navigated according to law, lhall be any longer entitled to any

ihip9, built	0f tbe privileges or advantages of a Briti/h-built (hip, or of a

owned by Briti/h fubjedts; and that all the faid privileges hereby to be ar,d advantages (hall hereafter be confined to fuch (hips only as rirpnved ot are wholly of the built of Great Britain or Ireland, Guernfey, t he privileges Jerfey, and the IJle of Man, or of fome of the colonies, planta-wv now tions, iflands, or territories in Afia, Africa, or America, which now belong, or at the time of building fuch (hips or veflels did belong, or which may hereafter belong to, or be in the poflef-fion of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors: provided always. That nothing herein-before contained (hall extend, or be con-ftrued to extend,to prohibit fuch foreign-built fhips or veflels only as, before the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, did truly and without fraud wholly belong to any of the people of Great Britain or Ireland, Guernfey, Jerfey, and the IJle of Man, or of any of the aforefaid colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories, as the proprietors and right owners thereof, and

which

ey now See

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGH III. c. 60.

which (hall be navigated according to law, and (hall alfo be re-giftered in manner herein-after directed, from continuing to enjoy the privileges and advantages they have hitherto enjoyed, or from importing or exporting fuch goods or commodities as may now be legally imported or exported by fuch (hips or vef-fels, into and from fuch ports and places as is now by law allowed, and under fuch rules, regulations, and reftricftions as have heretofore been made touching fuch foreign-built (hips or veffels, and fubjedt and liable to all fuch duties as have been impofed on any goods or commodities imported or exported as aforefaid in fuch foreign-built (hips or veffels, by any adt or adts of parliament; and provided alfo, That nothing herein contained, (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, to deprive any (hip or veffel, which before the pafiing of this acft hath been built or rebuilt upon any foreign-made keel or bottom, and which, before the faid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, was duly regiftered as a Britijh (hip, from continuing to enjoy any privilege or advantage to which fuch (hip or veffel is now by any law or ufage entitled ; nor to prevent any fuch fhip or veffel which (hall have been begun to be repaired or rebuilt before the faid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, from being regiftered according to, and in purfuance of this acft, by an order under the hands of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England, or any four or more of them, or of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them ; which order the faid commiffioners refpedtively are hereby authorifed and impowered to grant, if it (hall be made appear to the fatisfa&ion of the faid commiffioners refpeflively upon oath, that fuch (hip or veffel was ftranded by the act of providence, and not with a fraudulent intent, and was, at the time of being fo ftranded, the foie property of fome foreigner or foreigners; or that fuch (hip or veffel was a droit of admiralty, and it be in like manner fully and clearly afcertained, to the fa-tisfa&ion of fuch commiffioners refpedtively, that the faid (hip or veffel, from the damage received by being fo ftranded, was xrendered unfit to proceed to fea without undergoing a thorough repair in this kingdom, and that (he was neceffarily fold for the benefit of the foreign owner or owners, or, being a droit of admiralty, was fold by virture and under the authority of an order or commifiion from the court of admiralty, and that (lie was fairly and openly purchafed by a Britift fubjcdt or lubjedts, and, being the foie and intire property of fuch Britift) fubje<5t or fub-jech, that die hath been fo much repaired that two-thirds of her at the lea ft are of Britijh- built.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,	re_

That, from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven built,or where hundred and eighty-fix, no (hip or vefiel (hall be deemed or repairs ex-taken to be Britijh-built, or enjoy the privileges thereunto be-longing, which (hall from thenceforth be rebuilt or repaired in rei^n port, to any foreign port or place, if fuch repairs (hall exceed the fum of

fifteen Britifii built.

Hosted by

Googk

r

,ption in our of ex-aordinary damages fuftained on voyages.

Expences of repairs to be certified, on arrival, to an officer of the cuftoms.

Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII III. c. 60.	[178&

fifteen (hillings for every ton of the faid (hip or veflel according to the admeafurement thereof, unlefs fuch repairs (hall be neceflary by reafon of extraordinary damage fuftained by fuch (hip or veflel during the abfence of fuch (hip or veffel from his Majefty’s dominions, to enable her to perform the voyage in which (he (hall be then engaged, and to return in fafety to fome port or place of the faid dominions; and that before fuch (hip or veflel (hall be repaired, fo as to exceed the fum aforefaid, the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall report the ttate and condition thereof upon oath, or (being a quaker) upon affirmation, to the Britijh conful, or other chief Britijh officer, if there fhall be fuch conful or officer at the port where it fhall be neceflary to repair fuch (hip or veflel, and (hall caufe fuch (hip or veflel to be furveyed by two fit and proper perfons to be approved of by fuch conful or chief Britijh officer; and fhall deliver to fuch conful or chief Britijh officer, in writing, the particulars of the damage fuftained by fuch (hip or veflel, and (hall verify upon oath, or (being a quaker) upon affirmation, (to be adminiftered by fuch conful or chief Britijh officer), the particulars and amount of the repairs of fuch fhip or veflel; and that the fame were become neceflary in confequence of damage fuftained during the voyage to that port, to enable fuch fhip or veflel to pro-fecute the voyage then intended, and to return to fome port or place of his Majefty’s dominions, which the faid conful, or chief Britijh officer, is hereby required to certify under his hand and feal; and if there (hall not be any Britijh conful, or chief Britijh officer, refident at or near the port or place where fuch repairs may be neceflary, then that fuch furvey fhall be made by two fit and proper perfons, to be approved of by two known Britijh merchants refiding at or near fuch port or place; and that fuch matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or veflel, fhall produce to fuch merchants as aforefaid, vouchers of the particulars and amount of the repairs of fuch (hip or veflel, whofe certificate of the fame (hall be of the like force and effect as that of the Britijh conful, or chief Britijh officer refident in any foreign port or place; and in cafe any fhip or veflel fliall, after the faid firfl day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, be repaired in any foreign port or place, the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command thereof, (hall make proof on oath, or (if a quaker) by affirmation, before the colle&or and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms in the port of his Majefty’s dominions where the faid fhip or veflel may firft arrive (if required by them fo to do; which oath or affirmation the faid collector and comptroller, or other principal officer, or either of them, is and are hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifter), defcribing the nature and amount of the charge or expence of fuch repairs ; and if fuch charge or expence (hall appear to exceed the before-mentioned fum of fifteen (hillings for every ton of the

admeafure-*

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeorGII III. C.60.	649

admeafurement of fuch fhip or veflel, and the faid matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall negledl or refufe to deliver to fuch colledior and comptroller, or principal officer of the cuftoms, or to one of them, the certificate fo required to be produced in fuch cafes as aforefaid, the faid (hip or veflel {hall be deemed and taken to be a foreign-built fhip or veflel, to all intents and purpofes whatever.

III.	And whereas it is highly expedient that the provifions made for the regi/lry of Jhips and vejfels by an aft, made and pajfed in the feventb and eighth years of the reign of his late majejly King William the Thirds (intituled, An adt for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in the plantation trade), Jhould be altered and amended, and that the fame Jhould be extended and applied to Jhips and vejfels other than thofe which are therein particularly defcribed; be it therefore enadled, That all and every fhip or veflel having Provifions of a deck, or being of the burthen of fifteen tons, or upwards, be- 7 & 8 Guh longing to any of his Majefty’s fubjecfs in Great Britain, or extended^o^ Guernfey, Jerfey, and the Ifle of Man, or of any of the aforefaid veffe]s Qf ,5 colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories, (hall, from and after tons, and up-the refpedlive times herein-after exprefled, be regiftered in man- wards, and ner herein-after mentioned; and that the perfon or perfons reffiftrToli. claiming property therein (hall caufe the fame to be regiftered, tainedf and (hall obtain a certificate of fuch regiftry from the colledlpr and comptroller of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Great Britain or the Jfle of Man, or from the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, and principal officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue of cuftoms, refiding in the illands of Guernfey or Jerfey, or in any of the faid colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories, refpedtiveiy, in.manner herein-after diredled ; and that the form of fuch certificate {hall be as follows 3 videlicet:

In purfuance of an att, pajfed in the twenty fixth year of the reign of Certificate of King George the Third, intituled, An adl [here infert the title Britifli regi-of the adl, the names, occupation, and refidence, of the fub- ftry* fcribing owners], having taken and fubfcribed the oath required by this aft) and having fworn that he, [or, they,] together with [names, occupation, and refidence of non-fubfcribing owners,] is [or are] foie owner [or, owners] of the fhip or veffel called the [(hip’s name] of [place to which the veflel belongs], whereof [matter’s name] is at prefent wafer, and that the faid Jhip or veffel was [when and where built, or captured, and date of condemnation]; and [name and employment of the furveying officer] having certified to us that the faid Jhip or veffel is [whether Britifh, Foreign, or Britifli plantation built], has [number of decks] decks, and [number of mails] mafis, that her length, from the fore part of the mainfiem. to the after part of the* fisrn pofl aloft, is [number of feet and inches], her breadth at the broadefi part, whether above or below the main ivales, [number of feet and inches], her heighth between decks [number of feet and inches, if more than one deck, and if not, then] the

' Hosted by Google

650

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 60. [1786,

depth of the hold [number of feet and inches], and admeafures [burthens] tons that fhe is a [kind of veflel, and how built], has [whether any or no gallery]gallery^ and [kind of head, if any] heady and the jaid fubfcribing owners having confented and agreed to the above defeription and admeafurement, and having caufed fufficient fecurity to be given, as is. required by the f aid afl9 the faid [kind and name of the veflel] has been duly regijlered at the port of [name of the port].

Given under our hands and feals of office, at the cuftom-bcufe in the faid port of [name of the port], this [date] day of [name of the month], in the year [words at length].

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, No regiftry That no fuch regiftry (hall hereafter be made, or certificate made, &c. but thereof granted, by any perfon or perfons herein-before autho-which a VefTel t0 make regiftry, and grant fuch certificate, in any belongs, ex- other port or place than the port or place to which fuch (hip or cept for prizes veflel (hall properly belong, except fo far as relates to fuch (hips condemned at or veffe}s as fball be condemned as prizes in any of the iflands Sleft autho-' Guernfey, Jerfey9 or Man^ which (hips or veflels (hall in fu-rifed by the ture be regiftered in manner herein-after direded ; but that all commiflioners and every regiftry and certificate granted in any port or place to ofthecuftoms. which any fuch (hip or veflel does not properly belong, (hall be

utterly null and void, to all intents and purpofes, unlefs the officers aforefaid (hall be fpecially authorifed and impowered to make fuch regiftry, and grant fuch certificate, in any other port, by an order in writing under the hands of any four or more of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England, or of any three or more of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotland, for the time being, which order the faid commif-fioners are hereby refpedively authorifed and impowered to ifiue, in manner aforefaid, if they fhall fee fit.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. The port from That the port to which any (hip or veflel (hall hereafter be and to which deemed and taken to belong, within the intent and meaning of

this ad, (hall be, and is hereby declared to be, the port from and to which fuch (hip or veflel (hall ufually trade, or (being a new (hip) (hall intend fo to trade, and at or near which the hulband, or ading and managing owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel ufually refides or refide.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the au-

No regiftry to thority aforefaid, That nothing in this ad contained lhali ex-fo/T veflels tend’ or be conftrued to extend, to require to be regiftered, ac-belonging to cording to the diredions of this ad, any (hip or veflel of war, the royal fa* or any other veflel, of whatever built the fame may be, or under roily.	whatever defeription the fame may fall, being the property of

his Majefty or the royal family, or any of them, or any lighters, barges, boats, or veflels of any built or defeription whatever, ufed folely in rivers or inland navigation.

y	VII, And

a (hip ufually trades,to be deemed her port.

Hosted by Google

2786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 60.	6$	t

VII.	And it is hereby declared. That no (hip or veffel built No (hip built in any of the colonies of North America, now called, The United™ l*n*te<l States of America, during the time that any a<5t or adts of parlia-	dur?

ment made in Great Britain, prohibiting trade and intercourfe ingthe exift-with thofe colonies, was or were in force, nor any (hip or veffel enee of any which was owned by, or belonged to the fubjedis of the faidPr°hibttory united ftates, or of any of the faid dates refpe&ively, during ^ be^egifter-the exiftence of thofe adts, and not regiftered before the com- ^ mencement thereof, is or (hall be entitled to be regiftered under this prefent adt, or to any.of the privileges or advantages of a Britijh built (hip or veffel, unlefs fuch fhip or veffel (hall have been taken and condemned as lawful prize, or, having been ftranded, (hall have been built or rebuilt, and regiftered in the manner heretofore pra&ifed and allowed.

VIII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no No fubje& re-

fubjedl of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, whofe ufual re- fiding out of

fidence is in any country not under the dominion of his Ma- ^*

jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, (hall be deemed or intitled, dur- to be entitled

ing the time he (hall continue fo to refide, to be the owner in to be the

whole or in part of any Britijh (hip, or vefiel, required and au- owner of any

thorifed to be regiftered by virtue of this adl, unlefs he be a auth°-o	j	'	^	nzea to be rc®

member of feme Britijh factory, or agent for, or partner in, any giftered, ex-

houfe or copartnerfhip, actually carrying on trade in Great Bri~ cept a mem-

tain or Ireland.	her of a fac-

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, t01T> etc* That fo much of the faid recited adt paffed in the fevemh and Oath required eighth years of the reign of his late majefty King William the by the reqited Third, as diredts the oath therein contained to be taken on re- a|p. of G1ui* 3m giftering the (hips and veffels therein deferibed, (hall be, and the iePeaiea* fame is hereby repealed.

X.	And be it alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid, That No regiftry no regiftry (hall henceforth be made, or certificate granted, un- to be

til the following oath be taken and fubferibed before the perfon f^fjowin or perfons herein-before authorifed to make fuch regiftry, and be taken? grant fuch certificate refpedtively, (which they are hereby re-• Ipedtively impowered to adminifter) by the owner of fuch (hip or veflel, if fuch (hip or veffel is owned by or belongs to one perfon only; or, in cafe there (hall be two joint owners, then by both of fuch joint owners, if both (hall be refident within twenty miles of the port or place where fuch regifter is required, or by one of fuch owners, if one or both of them (hall be refident at a greater diftance from fuch port or place; or if the number of fuch owners or proprietors (hall exceed two, then by the greater part of the number of fuch owners or proprietors, if the greater number of them (hall be refident within twenty miles of fuch port or place as aforefaid, not in any cafe exceeding three of fuch owners or proprietors, or by one of fuch owners, if all (hall be refident at a greater diftance.

T A.B. of [place of refidence and occupation] do make oath,

** That the Jhip or veffel [name] of [port or place] whereof [mailer’s

Hosted by Google

Addition to be made to the oath when the requilite number of members do not attend.

Anno vieefimo fexto Georgii III. c* 60. £1786.

ftetVname] is at prefent mafter, being [kind of built, burthen, fcfr. as defcribed in the certificate of the furveying officer] was [when and where built, or if prize, capture, and condemnation] and that 1 the jaid A.B. [and the other owners names and occupations, if any, and where they refpedUvely refide, videlicett Town, place or parifh, and county, or if member of, and refi-dent in any fadtory in foreign parts, or in any foreign town or city, being an agent for, or partner in any houfe, or copartner-fhip adlually carrying on trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the name of fuch fadtory, foreign town or city, and the names of fuch houfe or copartnerfhip] am [or are] foie owner [or owners] of the faid veffef and that no other perfon or perfons whatever hath or have any rights title, inter eft ^ Jhare^ or property therein or thereto; and that I the faid A.*B. [and the faid other owners, if any] am [or are] truly and bona fide a fubjefi [or fubjefis] of Great Britain; and that I the faid A.B. have not [nor have any of the other owners, to the bed of my knowledge and belief] taken the oath of allegiance to any foreign ftate whatever [except under the terms of fome capitulation, describing the particulars thereof], or that fince my taking [or his or their taking] the oath of allegiance to [naming the foreign ftates refpedlively to which he or any of the faid owners (hall have taken the fame] and prior to thepaffing of an all in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of King George the Third, (intituled, An adt for the further increafe and encouragement of (hipping and navigation), I have [or he or they hath or have] become a fubjefi [or fubjefis] of Great Britain [either by his Majefty’s letters patent, as a denizen or denizens, or naturalized by adt of parliament, as the cafe may be, naming the dates of the letters of denization, or the adt or adts of parliament for naturalization refpedtively] or [as the cafe may be] I have [or he or they hath or have] become a denizen [or denizens, or naturalized fubjefi or fubjefis, as the cafe may be] of Great Britain, by his Majejly's letters patent, or by an alt of parliament pafjed fince the firfi day ^January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fiiXy [naming the times when fuch letters of denization have been granted refpedtively, or the year or years in which fuch adt or adts for naturalization have paffed refpedtively], and that no foreigner, direfib or indirefily, hath any Jhare or part or inter eft Jn the Jaid fhip or vejfeT.

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, in cafe the number of joint owners or proprietors of any (hip or veffel (hall amount to three or more, and three of fuch joint owners or proprietors (hall not perfonally attend to take and fubfcribe the oath herein-before diredted to be taken and fubfcribed, then, and in fuch cafe, fuch owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, as (hall perfonally attend, and take and fubfcribe the oath aforefaid, (hall further make oath, that the part owner or part owners of fuch (hip or veffel' then abfent is or are not refident within twenty miles of fuch port or place, and hath or have not, to the beft of his or their knowledge or

belief.

Hosted by Google

\

belief, wilfully abfenred.himfelf or themfelves, in order to avoid the taking the oath herein-before directed to be taken and fub-fcribed, or is or are prevented by illnefs from attending to take and fublcribe the faid oath*

XII.	And, in order to enable the proper officer or officers of his Majejifs cufioms to grant a certificate, truly and accurately defer ibitig every jfhip or veff'el to be regifieredin purfuance of this aft, and alfo to enable all other officers of his Majefiy’s cufioms, on due examination, to difebver zvhethcr any fiuh Jhip or veffel is the fame with that for which a certificate is alledged to have been granted; be it enaded by

the authority aforefaid, That, previous to the regiftering or Ships to be granting of any certificate of regiftry as aforefaid, fome one or examined,etc. more proper perfon or perfons, appointed by the commiffion- catesare^^** ers of his Majefty’s cuftoms in jEngland and Scotland, or by the granted, etc. governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief for the	*

time being in the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, and Man, or of the colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories aforefaid reflectively (taking to his or their afliftance, if he or they fhall judge it neceffary, one or more perfon or perfons /killed in the building and admeafurement of Chips) fhall go on board of ev$ry fuch (hip or veffel as is to be regiftered, and (hall ftridMy and accurately examine and admeafure every fuch fhip or veffel, as to all and every particular contained in the form of the certificate herein-before directed, in the prefence of the matter, or of any other perfon who (hall be appointed for that purpofe on the part of the owner or owners, or, in his or their abfence, by the faid matter, and (hall deliver a true and juft account in writing of all fuch particulars of the built, defeription, and admeafurement of every fuch (hip or veffel as are fpecified in the form of the certificate above recited, to the perfon or perfons who (hall be authorifed as aforefaid to make fuch regiftrv and grant fuch certificate of regiftry; and the faid matter, or other perfon attending on the part of the owner or owners, is hereby required to fign his name alfo to the certificate of fuch furveying or examining officer in teftimony of the truth thereof, provided fuch matter or other perfon (hall confent and agree to the feveral particulars fet forth and deferibed therein.

XIII.	And be it alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid, That f

if fuch perfon or perfons fo appointed to examine and admea- tLns ormak-fure fuch (hips or veffels as aforefaid, (hall wilfully deliver to any ing falfe re-perfon or perfons authorifed to make regiftry and grant certi- giftries,etc. ficates of regiftry as aforefaid, a falfe defeription of any of the ^P8*for%. particulars hereby required to be contained in fuch certificate; x ■ or if any perfon or perfons herein-before authorifed to make fuch regiftry, and grant fuch certificates of regiftry, (hall know-ingly make any falfe regifter, or grant any falfe certificate, in regard to any of the particulars required by this prefent a6t, he or they, on being convi&ed thereof by due courfe of law, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflminfiery in the court of jufticiary, or the court of exchequer in Scotland, or in any court of record in the colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories.

Vol. XXXV.

X x

or

Google

654	Anno	vlcefimo	fexto	Georgii	III.	c.6o. [x786.

or in the royal court in Guernfey or Jerfey, or in the fuperior court of juftice in the IJle of Man, as the caje may be, (hall re-fpe<5tively forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and be for ever incapable of holding or enjoying any office or employment under his Majefty.	'

XIV.	And whereas the officer or officers fo appointed to examine and admeafure fuch Jhips and veffels as aforefaid, may not always be enabled to cau/e fuch /hip or veffel to be laid on /bore, for the purpofe of afcertaining her tonnage, according to the rule now by law pre/cribed for that purpofe: and whereas it ivould in fome cafes endanger fuch /hip or veffel fo to do: be it therefore enadied by the authority

Method of af- aforefaid, That in cafes where it may be neceffary to afeertain

tonrfa^when ^ie tonnaSe ^ anY ^*ue^ ^'Ps or ve^s when afloat, the follow-veffelfare * ing method (hall be obferved; videlicet. Drop a plumb line over afloat.	the ftern of the (hip, and meafure the diflance between fucli

line and the after part of the ftern port, at the load water mark; then meafure from the top of the faid plumb line, in a parallel dire&ion with the water, to a perpendicular point immediately over the load water mark, at the fore part of the main Item, fubtradting from fuch meafurement the above diftance, the remainder will be the (hip’s extreme length, from which is to be dedudted three inches for every foot of the load draught of water, for the rake abaft, and alfo three fifths of the Chip’s breadth, for the rake foreward, the remainder (hall be efteemed the juft length of the keel to find the tonnage; and the breadth (hall be taken from outfide to outfide of the plank, in the broadeft part of the (hip, either above or below the main wales, exclufive of all manner of (heathing or doubling that may be wrought upon the fide of the (hip ; then multiplying the length of the keel for tonnage, by the breadth fo taken, and that produdt by half the breadth, and dividing by ninety* four, the quotient (hall be deemed the true contents of the tonnage: provided always, that ' nothing herein-befare contained (hall in any wife be conftrued to alter the manner of admeafuring the tonnage of any (hip or veffel which has heretofore been pra&ifed for the * purpofe of afcertaining the light duties, or any other duties or imports whatever, payable according to the tonnage of any (hip or ’■ veffel.

XV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Bond to be Thaty’at the time of'obtaining the certificate of regiftry as afore-given, not to fold, fufficient fecurity by bond (hall be given to his Majefty, c^esCand to his heirs and fucceffors, by the mafter and fuch of the owners return them as (hall perfonally attend, as is herein-before required, fuch fern cafes herein curity to be approved of and taken by the perfon or perfons fpecified. herein-before authorised to make fuch regiftry, and grant fuch

certificates of regiftry, at the port or place in which fuch certificate (hall be granted, in the penalties following; (that is to fay)

> If fuch (hip or veffel (hall be a decked veffel, or be above the burthen of fifteen tons, and not exceeding fifty tons, in the penalty of one hundred pounds; if exceeding the burthen of fifty ions, and not exceeding one hundred tons, in the penalty of

three

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRgii III. c, 60.

three hundred pounds; if exceeding the burthen of one hundred tons, and not exceeding two hundred tons, in the penalty of five hundred pounds; if exceeding the burthen of two hundred tons, and not exceeding three hundred tons, in the penalty or eight hundred pounds; and if exceeding the‘burthen of three hundred tons, in the penalty of one thoufand' pounds: and the condition of every fuch bond fnali be, that fubh certificate fhall not be fold, lent, or otherwife difpofed of, to any perfon or per-fpns whatever, and that the fame fhall be folely made ufe of for" the fervice of the (hip or veflel for which it is granted ; and that in cafe fuch (hip (hall be loft, or taken by the enemy, burnty or broken up, or otherwife prevented from returning to the port to which fhe belongs, the certificate, if preferved, (hall bd delivered up, within one month after the arrival of the matter in any port or place in his Maiefty’s dominions, to the colle&or and comptroller of fome port in Great Britain, or of the IJle of Man, or of the Britijh plantations, or to the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, for the time being, of the iflands of Guernfey or Jerfey \ and that if any foreigner, or any perfon or perfons for his ufe and benefit, fhall purchafe or other-wife become entitled to the whole, or any part or Chare of, or any iniereft in fuch (hip or veflel, and the fame (hall be within: the limits of any port in Great Britain, Guernfey, Jerfey, Many or the Britijh colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories afore-faid, then and in fuch cafe the certificate of regiftry (hall, within feven days after fuch purchafe or transfer of property in fuch Chip or veflel, be delivered up to the perfon or perfons hereinbefore authori fed to make regiftry, and grant certificates of regiftry, at fuch port or place refpe&ively, as aforefaid ; and if fuch (hip or veflel (hall be in any foreign port when fuch purchafe or transfer of intereft or property (hall take place, then that the fame (hall be delivered up to the Britijh conful, or other chief Britijh officer, refident at or neareft to fuch foreign port} or if fuch (hip or veflel (hall be at fea when fuch purchafe or transfer of intereft or property fhall take place, then that the fame (hall be delivered up to the Britijh conful, or other chief Britijh officer, at the foreign port or place in or at which the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall firft arrive after fuch purchafe or transfer of property at fea, immediately after .his arrival at fuch foreign port; but if fuch matter, or other perfon who had the command thereof at the time of fuch purchafe or transferof property at fea, (hall not arrive at a foreign port, but (hall arrive at fome port of Great Britain, Guernjey, Jerfey, Man, or his Majefty’s faid colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories, then that the fame (hall be delivered up in manner aforefaid, within fourteen days after the arrival of fuch (hip or veflel, or of the perfon who had the command thereof, in any port of Great Britain, Guernfey, Jerfey, Man, or any of his Majefty’s faid colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories: and that if any pafs* commonly called A Mediterranean Pafs7 (hall have been obtained

X x a	;	or

656

Mediterrane-

with certificates.

Tenor of in-dorfements on

Anno vicefimo fcxto GeoRGH III. c. 60. [1786.

or procured for any fuch (hip or veflel, then and in fuch cafe defivereVu^6	(hall be delivered up at the fame time, and in like

p manner, with the certificate of regiftry aforefaid, to the perfon or perfons •herein-before authorifed to receive fuch certificate of regiftry: and fuch certificates fo delivered up (hall forthwith be transmitted to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedtively : and fuch Mediterranean pafles (hall be alfo tranfmitted to the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain^ by the perfon or perfons herein-before authorifed to receive fuch certificates and pafles, in order that the fame may be cancelled.

XVI.	And whereas the provifions made in and by the /aid recited aft) touching the indorfement on certificates of regijby, in cafe of any . alteration of the property in any Jhip or veffel, in the fame port to which the Jhip or veffel belongs, have been jound infufficient; be it therefore enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That, in every c°rtUkate8S of	hefides the indorfement required by the faid recited

regiftry, etc. adf, there (hall alfo be indorfed on the certificate of regiftry, before two witnefles, the town, place, or parilh where all and every perfon or perfons to whom the property in any (hip or veflel, or any part thereof, (hall be fo transferred, (hall refide; or if fuch perfon or perfons ufually refide in any country not under the dominion of his Majefty, his fyeirs and fucceflbrs, but in fome Britijh fadtory, the name of fuch factory of which '	fuch	perfon or perfons is or are member or members; or if fuch

perfon or perfons reiide in any foreign town or city, and, are not members of fome Britijh fadtory, the name of fuch foreign town or city where fuch perfon. or perfons ufually refide, and alfo the names of the houfe or copartner (hip in Great Britain or Ireland, for or with whom fuch perfon or perfons is or agent or partner, or agents or partners; and the perfon or perfons to whom the property of fuch (hip or veflel (hall be fo transferred, or his or their agent, (hall alfo deliver a copy of fuch indorfement to the perfon or perfons authorifed to make regiftry, and grant certificates of regiftry, as aforefaid, who are hereby required to caufe an entry thereof to be indorfed on the oa\h or affidavit upon which the original certificate of regiftry of fuch (hip or veflel was obtained; and (hall alfo make a memorandum of the fame in the book of regifters which is hereby directed and required to be kept, and (hall forthwith give notice thereof to the com-miffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England or Scotland, under whom they refpediively adh

XVII.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid. That when and fo often as the property in any (hip or veflel, belonging to any of his Majefty’s fubjedts, (hall be transferred to any other or others of his Majefty’s fubjedts, in whole or in part, the certificate of the regiftry of fuch (hip or veflel (hall be truly and accurately recited, in words at length, in the bill or other inftrument of fale thereof, and that otherwife fuch bill of Tale (hall be utterly null and void, to all intents and ptirpofes.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That

Certificate to be recited in all transfers of property.

Hosted by Google

i?86.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII Ilf. C.6o.	657

That when and fo often as the matter, or other perfon having Changes of or taking the charge or command of any (hip or veflel, regiftered in manner herein-before djreded, (hall be changed, the matter indorfed on or owner of fuch (hip or veflel (hall deliver to the perfon or per- certificates of fons herein-before authorifed to make fuch regiftry, and grant regiftry, &c. fuch certificates of regiftry, at the port where fuch change (hall take place, the certificate of regiftry belonging to fuch (hip or veflel; who (hall thereupon indorfeand fubferibe a memorandum of fuch change, and (hall forthwith give notice of the fame to the proper officer of the port or place where fuch (hip or veflel was laft regiftered purfuant to this ad; who (hall like-wife make a memorandum of the fame in the book of regifters which is hereby direded and required to be kept, and (hall forthwith give notice thereof to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedively.

XIX.	And whereas many frauds are committed by the frequent, change of names given to Jhips and veffels, and the difficulty of comparing the entry in the book of regifiers, herein-after directed to be kept by all fuch perfon or perfons as are authorifed to regijler Jhips and veffiels, and to grant certificates of the J'ame, with the regifters of which they claim the benefit, is thereby greatly increafed; be it there- change to fore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall not be law- (hips^ames ful for any owner or owners of any (hip or veflel to give any which, and9 name to fuch (hip or veflel, other than that by which (he was their ports, firft regiftered in purfuance of this ad; and that the owner or muft be paint-owners of all and every (hip or veflel which (hall be fo regifter-	on The

ed, (hall, within one month from the time of fuch regiftry, paint vefiels. or caufe to be painted, in white or yellow letters, of a length not lefs than four inches, upon a black ground, on fome con-fpicuous part of the ftern (provided there (hall be fufficient fpace for that purpofe, but if not, then in letters as large as fuch fpace will admit) the name by which fuch (hip or veflel (hall have been regiftered purfuant to this ad, and the port to which (he belongs, in a diftind and legible manner, and (hall fo keep and preferve the fame; and that if fuch owner or owners, or matter, look penalty or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch	*

(hip or veflel, (hall wilfully alter, erafe, obliterate, or in anywife hide or conceal, or caufe or procure, or permit the fame to be done, unlefs in the cafe of fquare-rigged veflels in time of war, or (hall in any written or printed paper, or other document, de-feribe fuch (hip or veflel by any name, other than that by which (he was firft regiftered purfuant to this ad, or (hall verbally de-feribe, or caufe or procure or permit fuch (hip or veflel to be deferibed, by any other name, to any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue, in the due execution of his or their duty, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch owner or owners, matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch ‘(hip or veflel, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall apply for a cer- Perfons ap-tificate of the regiftry of any (hip or veflel, in Great Britain, cerftfiqates in

X X 3	Great Britain,

658	Anno	yicefimo	fexto	Georgii	III. c. 60. [178 6.

&c.to produce Guernfey, Jerfey, or The IJle of Man, which (hall be built, or X* whole building (hall be compleated after the firft day of Augujl, the (hips	one thQufand l'even hundred and eighty-fix, (hall, and they are

■from the	hereby required to produce to the perfon or perfons authorifed

builders, and to grant fuch certificate, a true and fuiI account, under the hand thdC*dath*t° l^e ^U*^er of fuch (hip °r veffel, of the proper denomination, c - and of the time when, and the place where, fuch (hip or veffel was built; and alfo an exa<$l account of the tonnage of fuch (hip or veffel, together with the name of the firft purchafer or pur-chafers thereof, (which account fuch builder is hereby directed and required to give under his hand, on the fame being demanded by fuch perfon or perfons fo applying for a certificate as aforefaid); and (hall alfo make oath, before the perfon or perfons herein-before authorifed to grant fuch certificate (which oath he or they are hereby authorifed to adminifter) that the (hip or veffel for which fuch certificate is required, is the fame with that which is fo defcribed by the builder as aforefaid.

XXI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons mak- qqlat a]] an(] every perfon or perfons who, from and after the 'thfnTnVhe firft day of Januaryone thoufand (even hundred and eighty-colonies, after feven, (hall apply for fuch certificate, as aforefaid, in any of his

Majefty’s faid colonies, plantations, or territories, (hall, before fuch certificate is granted, produce the like account, under the hand of the builder, and take the like oath as is herein-before required to be produced 2nd taken by perfons applying for the like certificate in Great Britain.

XXII.	vAnd be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That if the certificate of the regiftry of any (hip or veffel which (hall be obtained in purfuance of this adt, thall happen to be loft, or miflaid, a regifter and certificate de novo, in the form hereinbefore diiedted, ihall be granted for fuch (hip or veffel, according to the regulations contained in an act, paffed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for further regulating the plantation trade > and for relief of merchants importing prize goods from A merica; and for preventing collufive captures there; and for obliging the claimers of veffels feized for exportation of wool, or any unlawful importation, to give fecurily for cofls; and for alloiving Eaft India goods to be taken out of warehoujesy in order to be cleaned and refrcjhed.

XXill. Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That in every fuch cafe fuch fecurity (hall be given as is herein-before diredted*; and that in lieu of the oath diredled to be taken by the faid recited adf, the like oath (hall be taken and fubfcribed, as is herein-before diredted to be taken and fubfcribed by the owner or owners of fuch (hips and veffels as are required to be regiftered by virtue of this adt.

XXIV.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That if any (hip or veffel, after (he (hall have been regiftered purfuant to the airedlions of this adl, (hall in any manner whatever be altered in form or burthen, by being lengthened or built

~	upon,

Security to be given, on receiving frefh ' certificates, and oath . made as herein-before directed, inftead of the oath 15 Geo. 2.

c 31.

Ships, if altered, nmft be regiftered a-

Jan. 1, I7*7> to conform to the particulars in the laft claufe.

If certificates be loft, new ones to be granted, according to adt 15 Geo. 2. c. 31.

Hosted by Google

1785.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 5o.	6$g

upon, or (hall be altered from a (loop to a brigantine, or from new, or to be any one denomination of a veflel to another, by the inode 0rde.eme^^°* method of rigging or fitting, in fuch cafe fuch (hip or veflel re,sn*

(hall be regiftered de novoy in manner herein-before required, as foon as fhe returns to the port to which (he belongs, or to any other port in which (he may be legally regiftered by virtue of this adt, on failure whereof fuch (hip or veflel fhall to all intents and purpofes be considered, and deemed and taken to be a foreign (hip or veflel.

XXV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That the owner or owners of all fuch (hips and veflels as (hall The condem-be taken by any of his Majefty's (hips or veflels of war, or by nation of pri-any private or other (hip or veflel, and condemned as lawful zes, and the prize in any court of admiralty, (hall, upon regiftering fuch (hip theveffeU8&c. or veflel, before he or they (hall obtain fuch certificate as afore- muft be pro- * faid, produce to the proper officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms a duced, to en-certificate of the condemnation of fuch (hip or veflel, under the to a cer~ hand and feal of the judge of the court in which fuch (hip or velTd (hall have been condemned (which certificate fuch judge is hereby authorized and required to grant), and alfo a true and exadi account, in writing, of all the particulars contained in the certificate heroin-before1 fet forth, to be made and fubfcribed by one or more Skilful perfons to be appointed by the court to fur-vey fuch (hip or veffel^atid (hall alfo make oath before the faid officer (which he is hereby authorifed and required to admini-fter) that fuch (hip or veflel is the fame veflel which is mentioned in the certificate of the judge aforefaid.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That no (hip or veflel which (hall be taken frizes Gotland condemned as prize in any court of admiralty as aforefaid, demned in fhall be regiftered in the iflands of Guernfey^ Jerfey, or the IJJe ^Guernfey;,,&c. Matty although belonging to his Majefty’s fubjedts refiding in teredateSouth-thofe iflands, or in focne one or other of them: but in order amPton, &c. that the duties now by law due and payable to his Majefty on

fuch (hips and veflels may be levied and collected, the fame (hall be regiftered either at Southampton, Weymouth, Exeter, Plymouth,

Falmouth, Liverpooly or Whitehaven, by the collector and comptroller at fuch ports refpedlively, who are hereby authorized and required, after the receipt of the faid duties, to regifter fuch fhip or veflel, and to grant a certificate thereof, in the form, and under the regulations and reftridlions in this adt contained.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That in all the cafes where any (hip or veflel, fo taken and con- Tfie fum m demned as aforefaid, in any of his Majefty’s colonies, planta- oath, for tions, iflands, or territories, aforefaid, (hall be regiftered, and which a prize obtain a certificate of fuch regiftry, in manner herein-before di- fold in the co-redied, an exadt and particular account (hall be fubjoined to fuch ^joined to certificate, of the fum for which fuch (hip or veflel (hall have the certificate* been fold, verified by the oath of the perfon or perfons who fhall apply for fuch regiftry and certificate, in order that the aforefaid duties due and payable to bis Majefty may be the better levied

X x 4	and

66o	Ahno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 60. f 1786.

and colle&sd, upon the arrival of fuch (hip or veffel in any port or place of Great Britain where fuch. duties are by law due and payable.	*

XXVIII.	And whereas the trade to and from his Majefiy’s European dominions, and the colonies, plantations, ijlands, and territories, in Afia, Africa, and America, to his Majefiy belonging, is liow by law confined to fuch Jhips only as are of the built of Great Bri- * tain and Ireland, the ijlands of Guernfey, Jerfey, and Man, and of the faid colonies, plantations, ijlands, and territories: and whereat Jhips wholly owned by Britifh fubjefts, and navigated according to law, can be legally ufed and employed only in the European trade of this kingdom, and the fame are, by virtue of this aft, allowed to be continued in the faid trade until the fame jhall be worn out ; and it is therefore vecejfary to diftinguifh fuch jhips and vejfeis rejpeftively in the certificates to be granted purfuant to this aft; be it therefore ena&ed by Certificate to tjie authority aforefaid. That the certificates which (hall hereaf-^hat part the ter be granted in purfuance of this a6h> (hall diftinguifh whether fhip was built. fuch fhips or Veffels be of the built of Great Britain ox Ireland, Guernfey, Jerfey, or the Ijle of Man, ox the colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories aforefaid, or of any foreign country; and fhall, if Briti/h built, be intituled, Certificate* of Britifh Plantation Regifiry\ and if fuch fhips be foreign-built, fhall be intituled* Certificate of Foreign Ships Regiflry for the European Trade, Britifh Property, as the cafe may be.

XXIX.	'And whereas many ftiteign-luilt fhips and vejfeis belbnginjr to, or pretending to belong to, his Majefiy’s fubjefts, have by fraudulent contrivances, and under falfe pretences, obtained regifiers, by virtue of which fuch Jhips and vejjels are at prefent ufed and employed, contrary to the laws now in force, in the trade to and from his Ma-iefiy’s colonies, plantations, ijlands, or territories, in Afia, Africa, and America; and it is therefore expedient and neceffary, for detefting the frauds at p'refent committed, and for preventing the fame in future, that all regifiers heretofore granted jhould be called in, and delivered up to the proper officer to be cancelled, and that new regifiers, of the form hereinbefore defcribed, Jhould be granted in lieu thereof, in the manner hereinbefore direfted, to all fuch fhips or veffels as fhall appear, to be legally entitled to the fame: and whereas it is expedient tojpecify and dir eft at what time, and in what manner, all ether fhips and vejfeis, which are not now by law required to be rggifiered, jhould hereafter be regifiered, according to the intent and meaning of this aft, and Jhould receive certificates according to the form and in the manner berein-before direfted: be it therefore enabled by the authority ghipfi already aforefaid, That the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in regiftered to England and Scotland, refpedtively, be authorized and required, cmificaiterfeir an^ they are bereby authorized and required, to give public^ for new ones; notice, by a}l fuch ways and means as they (hall judge moft pro-and others per and effedlual, that within a certain reafonable time or times now required as n^y be beft adapted to the diftance of the ports to which the led to^ppiy r* ftips and veffels owned by his Majefty’s fubjefts fhall refpeftively for certifi- belong, to be by them fpecified and publifhed, certificates of resales, &c„ giftry, according to the form herein-before defcribed* will b$ v • ‘	'	........ ’	—	:	,	ready

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefiQio fexto Gegrgii III. c. 60.	661

ready to be granted, in manner herein-before dire&ed, to all fuch (hips and veffels as (hall be legally entitled thereunto, and that the owner or owners of every fuch (hip or veflel, not heretofore required to be regiftered, (hall, on the firft arrival of every fuch (hip or veflel at the port or place to which (he belongs, after the expiration of the notice herein-before diredfed, caufe fuch (hip or veflel to be regiftered, and (hall obtain a certificate thereof, in manner herein-before directed; and that the owner or owners of any (hip or veflel, which (hall have been heretofore regiftered, (hall in like manner, upon the firft arrival of fuch (hip or veflel at the port or place to which (he belongs, after the expiration of the notice herein-before diredted, caufe fuch (hip or veflel to be again regiftered, and obtain a certificate thereof, according to the form and in the manner herein-before deferibed, and (hall then deliver up the regifter before granted, if the fame be not loft or miflaid; and if the fame (hall have been loft or miflaid, (hall make oath before the proper officer of the cuftoms* that fuch regifter has been loft or miflaid, and (hall give fecurity in like manner as is diredfed and required by the faid adt pafled in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, in the cafe of regifters and certificates de novo.

XXX.	And be it alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the expiration of the notice herein-before Times allow-diredted, twelve months (hall be allowed to all (hips and veffels fd for obtain-belonging to any of the ports of Greet Britain, or the iflands of	CCr*

Guernfey, Jerfey, or Man, to be regiftered and obtain certificates f according to the form and in the manner herein-before deferibed 5 and that, in like manner, froth and after the expiration of the notice herein-before directed, eighteen months (hall be allowed to all (hips and veffels belonging to any of the ports in his Ma*-jefty’s colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in Africa or America, to be regiftered, and to obtain certificates according to the form, and in the mariner herein-before deferibed 5 and that, in like manner, from and after the expiration of the notice herein-before directed, thirty months (hall be allowed to all (hips and veflels trading or fifning beyond the Qape of Good Hope, or Gape Horn, to be regiftered, and obtain certificates according to the form, and in the manner herein-before deferibed: and that at the end of the faid term of twelve months, with refpedt to fuch (hips and veffels as belong to the ports of Great Britain, and the iflands of Guernffi, Jerfey, or Man\ and in like manner, at the end of the faid term of eighteen months, with refpedt to all (hips and veflels that belong to any of the ports of his Majefty’s colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories, in Africa or Atnericai and in like manner, at the end of the faid term of thirty months, with refpedt to all (hips and veflels trading or fifhing beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or Cape Horn, no other regifter or certificate (hall be of force or effedt, except fuch as (hall be’granted in puf-fuance of this adt j and that all other regifters and certificates?

(hall from thenceforth be utterly null and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoevetv '

" f	'•	XXXI. Pro*

Hosted by

Google

662	Anno	vicefimo	fexto Georgii III. c. 60.	[1786.

XXXI. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enadted by Certificates the authority aforefaid, That in cafe it (hall happen that any may be grant- fuch (hip or veffel, from any unavoidable neceffity, or reasonable ^munavoid- cau^ej ^all not return to the port to which Ihe belongs within able neceffity, the rime herein-before limited, it (hall and may be lawful for „ application the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scot-could not be lan&reflectively for the time being, and they are hereby required, Emited* time uPon Pro°f being made to their fatisfadtion of fuch unavoidable neceffity or reafonable caufe, to caufe fuch (hip or veffel to be re-

giftered upon the terms and conditions, and under the regulations and reftridtfons directed and required by this adt j any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwith-(landing.

XXXII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore-Ships leaving faid. That no (hip or veffel, which by this adt is directed to be certificat1 hereafter regiftered, or which is directed, inftead of the regifter ^forfeited.0 flow re(lu‘re^ by law, to take out a new regifter, according to'the

form, and in the manner herein-before defcribed, (hall be permitted, after her firft arrival at the port to which (he belongs* at the expiration of the notice herein-before directed, to clear outwards to foreign parts or coaftwife, or to proceed to fea in order to fi(h on the coafts, or for any qther purpofe whatever, as a Britijb (hip or veffel, or (hall be in any wife entitled to the pri-„	yileges of a Britijh (hip or veffel, unlefs the owner or owners

thereof (hall have obtained a certificate according to the form, and in the manner herein-before defcribed; and in cafe any fuch (hip or veffel (hall depart from fuch port without being regifter-* ed, and without having obtained a certificate as aforefaicj, every fuch (hip or veffel (hall be fubjedt to forfeiture, and alio all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, to fuch (hip or veffel belonging.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority If (hips be aforefaid. That if, after the expiration of the notice aforefaid, any the°^rt to°U* or ve^e' (being fquare rigged) (hall be found in any. port which they within the diftance of twenty leagues by water from the port to belong, with- which (he belongs, or if any veffel, hot being fquare rigged, be out certifi- found within any port, other than that to which lhe belongs, muft be^iven wbhout having obtained the certificate of regiftry herein-before that theyg(hall diredted, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the principal of-be procured, ficer or officers of fuch port, and he or they is and are hereby

required to detain fuch (hip or veffel, qntil the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command thereof, (hall, if fuch (hip or veffel be under the burthen of fifty tons, give fe-curity by bond in the penalty of fifty pounds, in manner hereinafter diredted; and if fuch (hip or veffel (hall exceed the burthen of fifty tons, and (hall not exceed that of one hundred tons, then until the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command thereof, (hall, in like manner, give fecurity by bond in the penalty of one hundred pounds; and if fuch (hip or veffel (hall exceed the burthen of one hundred tons, then until the

mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command

thereof.

HOsted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c.6o.	66j

thereof, (hall, together with one fufficient fecurity, (to be approved by fuch principal officer or officers), give bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to be taken by fuch officer or officers, in the penalty of two hundred pounds, with condition that fuch •matter, or other perfon fo having or taking the charge or command of every fuch (hip or veffel, (hall forthwith repair with her, as foon as conveniently may be, (or being employed in the fi(h-ery on’the banks of Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, at the end of the filhing feafon), to the port to which (he belongs, and there caufe her to be regiftered, and procure a certificate of fuch regiftry, in the form and manner herein-before direded, and produce and deliver to fuch officer or officers fuch certificate of regiftry, within the time limited in the condition of fuch bond; which limitation of time fuch officer or officers is and are hereby authorifed to fix, according to the diftance which fuch (hip or veffel may be from the port to which (he belongs, and the nature of the voyage in which (he may then be engaged, and on failure of producing and delivering fuch certificate as aforefaid, fuch bond (hall be forfeited; but if fuch certificate (hall be produced and delivered to fuch officer or officers within the time fo limited in the bond, fuch bond (hall be void and of none effed, and he or they is and are hereby authorifed and required to cancel the fame: and in cafe any fquare rigged (hip or veffel, after theex- If-fquare rig-pi ration of the notice aforefaid, (hall be found in any port diftaot £ed veffels more than twenty leagues by water from the port to which (he the portTto* belongs, or that the water at the entrance of the port to which which they be-fuch (hip or veffel belongs (hall be fo (hallow as not to admit: long,certifi-her entrance into the fame, without endangering the fafetyjoif	bc

fuch (hip or veffel, the matter, or other perfon having the charge thefr teing*00 or command of fuch (hip or veffel, (hall, within forty-eight hours furveyed, &c. after his arrival at fuch port as aforefaid, make known his arrival at the port to the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms, or other princi- whe,*e they pal officer of fuch port, and (hall require fuch colledor and touc ■ (comptroller, or other principal officer, to caufe his (hip or veffel to be furveyed by the proper officer at fuch port, who (hall be appointed purfuant to the diredions of this ad to furvey (hips and veffels there, and who fhsill accordingly make a perfed and accurate furvey thereof, and certify the feveral particulars thereof in like manner as is herein-before direded, and fuch colledor and comptroller, or other principal officer, (hall immediately tranfmit the faid certificate of furvey to the perfons authorifed to regifter (hips and veffels, and grant certificates of regiftry, at the port to which fuch (hip or veffel belongs, who thereupon, and upon all the other reiquifites of this ad being complied with,

(hall regifter fuch (hip or veffel, and grant a certificate of the regiftry thereof purfuant to this ad; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the colleddr and comptroller, or other principal officer or officers of the cuftoms in the port where fuch (hip or veffel (hall be fo found, and he or they are hereby authorifed and required to detain fuch (hip or veflel until a perfed and

accurate

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

/

664

produced at every port, on penalty of lool.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgji III. c. 60. [i786.

accurate furvey thereof (hall be made in manner herein-before directed.

: XXXIV. And be it further enadted by the authority afore-Certificates of faid, That after the. expiration of the notice herein-before re-regiftry to be quired, the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge *>r command of every (hip or veflel which (hall have been regiftered, and (hall have procured a certificate of the regiftry, according to the directions of this adt, (hall, upon demand, produce fuch certificate of regiftry to the principal officer or officers of every port in his Majefty’s dominions, or to the Britijh confui or chief Britijh officer in any foreign port in which fuch (hip or veflel (hall arrive, for the infpedtion of fuch officer or officers, jBritijh confui, or chief Britijh officer, in order to fatisfy him of them that (he has been properly regiftered, under the penalty of one hundred pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That the proper officer at every port and place where re-gifters and certificates (hall be granted in purfuance of this adt, ihall progreffively number the fame as they (hall be feverally count of them granted, beginning fuch progreffive numeration at the com-to be tranf- hiencement of each and every year; and (hall enter an exadt copy mhted to the every fuch certificate, with the number thereof, in a book to comtniffion- kept for that purpofe; and (hall alfo forthwith, or within one "month at the furtheft, tranfmit to the commiffioners of his Ma-jefty’s cuftoms in London and Edinburgh,.under whom they re-fp6£tjvfely a6t, a true and exadt copy, together with the number jbf fevfcry certificate which (hall be by him fo granted 5 and that if &ny fuch officer or officers (hall negledt or refufe fo to do, he or they fo offending (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of rone hundred pounds, and (hall, for the fecond offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and be difmifled from his or their office or offices.

Certificates, &c. to be numbered, and an ac-

ers of Cuftoms.

Penalty for negledt.

Copies of XXXVI. And be it alfo further enadted by the authority certificates aforefaid, That the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotland1 to^Scotland (hall in like manner tranfmit, at the end of every month annually in each year, to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in tranfmitted to England, true and exadt copies of all fuch certificates as (hall be the cuftorn- grafted by them, or by any officer or officers within the limits of knd m"Eng’ their commiffion, in purfuance of this adt.	:

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Sums to be faid, That in lieu of all ftamp-duties now by law impofed on reeflh*n offt ^ch bonds as (hall be entered into by the owner or owners of (hips built any or veflel built before the firft day of May, one thoufand prior to May feven hundred and eighty-fix, or by any perfon or perfons on 1,1786, in their behalf, upon fuch (hip or veflel being firft, regiftered, and obtaining a certificate, in purfuance of this adt, there (hall be u ies> Ct paid the fum of one (hilling, and no more; and that in lieu of all fees and perquiiites now payable to any perfon or perfons, on the regiftry of any (hip or veflel, fo built before the faid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, there (hall be

paid

Hosted by G< gle

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georg 11 III. C. 60.	665

paid on the fir ft regiftry of every fuch (hip or veflel, purfuant to this adfc, the following fums, and no more5 (that is to fay), By all (hips or veflels decked, or of the burthen of fifteen tons, and not exceeding fifty tons, the fum of one (hilling and fixpence, and no more; and by all (hips or veflels exceeding fifty tons, and not exceeding one hundred tons, the fum of two (hillings and (ixpence, and no more; and by all (hips or veflels exceeding onfe hundred tons, and not exceeding two hundred tons, the fum of three (hillings and fixpence, and no more; and by all (hips or veflels exceeding two hundred tons, the fum of five (hillings, and no more; which feveral fums (hall be payable to fuch officers refpedtively, in the fame (hares and proportions in which the fums now payable are diftributed: provided always. That the Stamp-duties ftamp-duties, fees, and perquifltes now due and payable upon continue to the regiftry of, or transfer of'property in any (hip or veflel, (hall transfers°of continue to be paid as heretofore, fave and except upon the firft property, regiftry in purfuance of this a (ft, of any (hip or veflel built and regiftered before the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix.

XXX VIII. And whereas fence the conclufion of the late war, re-gifiers have been granted or promifed to fhips and vejfels not thereunto by law entitled, by his Majefly's governors, or by the officers of his Majefly s cufloms, in consideration of fervices rendered to the publick by the owners of fuch fhips and veflels, at the time of evacuating the countries, or towns, and pofls held by his Majefly's forces in the countries now belonging to the unitedfates of America, or in confederation of the removal offamilies, to whom fetch flnps and vejfels belongs into the countries now belonging to his Majefly: and whereas regift-crs have aljo in fome cafes been fo granted or promifed to other fhips and vejfels by the governors of his Majefly's colonies, plantations, iflands, and territories under mtjconception of the laws relating thereto, and the property of fuch fhips or vejfels has bona fide, and without fraud, been transferred to others of his Majefty'sfubjefts, who under the protection thereof now ufe and employ feuch fhips and vejfels: and whereas it may be therefore jufl and reajonable, in particular cafes, where no fraud or collufeon jhall appear to have been praftifedy that fuch fhips and vejfels Jhould be admitted to a regiflry9 and that a certificate fbould be granted to the owners thereof purfuant to this aft: be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and Privy council tnay be lawful to and for his Majefty, by and with the advice of order his privy council, to order any fuch (hip or veflel, under the cir- ^ft^ed to eumftances before mentioned, to be regiftered, and to have a wh0m they certificate thereof, according to the form and in the manner have been herein-before defcribed and directed, if his Majefty in his wif- .granted or dom (hall think fit ; and in cafe any fuif (hall have beeri com- conjuration menced for the condemnation of fuch (hip or veflel, it (hall and of thei7fer-a may be lawful for his Majefty, by order in council, to. diredt all vices, though proceedings thereupon to be ftaid, either abfolutely, or upon fuch not otherwife terms or conditions as his Majefty (hall think fit.	entidedtherc-

XXXIX.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore-to* c* faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any governor, lieutenant

governor.,

Hosted by Google

666	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii	III. c. 60* [ijSG.

Suits com- governor, or commander in chief of any of his Majefty V coio-mencedinthe nies, plantations, iflands, or territories, and they are hereby retouching^- fp^tvely authorized and required, in any of the cafes aforefaid, giftersgranted if any fuit, information, libel, or other profecution or proceeding fuch’ftnps of any nature or kind whatever (hall have been commenced, or ™aybe ft°pt fhali hereafter be commenced, in any court whatever, in any of ieft ’sokafure t*ie c^on*es> plantations, iflands, or territories, refpedtively, be known. touching the force and effedt of any regifter granted to any (hip or veffel, in any of the circumftances aforefaid, upon a reprefen-tation made to any fuch governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, to caufe all proceedings thereon to be ftaid, if he (hall fee juft caufe fo to do, until his Majefty’s pleafure be known, and certified to him by his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council ; and fuch governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chiefs is hereby required to tranfmit to one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, to be laid before his Majefty in council, an authenticated copy of the proceedings in every fuch cafe, together with his reafons for caufing the fame to be ftaid, and fuch documents (properly verified) as he may judge heceffary for the information of his Majefty.

XL. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Penalty on That if any perfon or perfons authorifed and required by this neglect of	adt, in refpe£t of his or their office or offices, to perform any adt

®uty*	or thing directed and required to be done or performed purfuant

to any of the provifions of this adt, (hall wilfully neglcdt or re-fufe to do or perform the fame, according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, every fuch perfon or perfons fo neglecting or refufing (hall, on being, duly convidted thereof, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, and for the fecond offence (hall forfeit, in like manner, the fum of five hundred pounds, and (hall from thenceforth be rendered incapable of ferving his Majefty in any office or employment relative to the revenue, or in any civil capacity whatever.

XLI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons mak- That if any perfon or perfons (hall faifely make oath to any of ing falfe oaths the matters herein-before required to be fo verified, fuch perfon ^er^ur r* or Per^ons foaM fuffer the like pains and penalties as are incurred and falfiifving by perfons committing wilful and corrupt perjury ; and that if or ufing falfe any perfon or perfons (hall counterfeit, erafe, alter, or falfify any certificates to certificate required or diredted to be obtained by this adt, or (hall forfeit 500I. knowingly or wilfully make ufe of any certificate fo counter-* feited, erafed, altered, or falfified, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.

XLII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. How penalties That all the penalties and forfeitures inflidted and incurred by are to be re- this a$ (hall and may be fued for, profecuted, and recovered in wh^i^the	courts>	anc*	be	dtfpofed	of	in fuch manner, and by fuch

officers (hare, ways, means, and methods, as any penalties or forfeitures inflidted, or which may be incurred, for any offence committed againft the laws of cuftoms, may now legally be fued for, pro-si	fecuted.

Hosted by :>ogle

1786.] Ahno vicefimo fexto GeorgiI III. C. 61.	667

fecuted, recovered, arid difpofed of; and that the officer or officers concerned in feizures or profecutions under this adt, (hall be entitled to and receive the fame (hare of the produce arifing from fuch feizures, as in the cafe of feizure for unlawful importation, and to fuch (hare of the produce arifing from any pecuniary fine or penalty, for any offence againft this act, as any officer or officers is or are now by any law or regulation entitled to, upon profecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XLIII. And it is hereby declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every matter* contained in the faid AH adts rela-herein-before recited adls, or in any adt or adts of parliament	in

heretofore paffed, touching the trade, (hipping, and navigation forcCj except of Great* Britain* and the colonies, plantations, ifiands, and ter- fuch parts as ritories aforefaid thereunto belonging, which is not hereby ex- are hereby re-prefsly altered or repealed, (hall remain and continue in full force Pealec** and effect, to all intents and purpofes whatever 3 and fo far as the fame relate to the regiftry of (hips and veffels, (hall be deemed and taken to extend and apply in every refpedt to all (hips and veffels authorized and required by this adt to be regiftered, and to have certificates of regiftry.

XLIV. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Ships of Ire -the (hips and veffels belonging to his Majefty’s fubjedts redding land (awfully in the kingdom of Ireland, being duly qualified and regiftered regiftered211 according to the laws now in force, (hall continue to enjoy all there, to en-the privileges and advantages to which fuch (hips and veffels joy the privi-were by law intitled before the paffing of this adt, until the end	Bri-

of four calendar months from the commencement of the firft ^-*8 feffion of the parliament of Ireland which (hall hereafter fit, * during the fpace of four calendar months, without prorogation or diffolution; and that from the end of that time, every (hip or veffel which (hall, by virtue of the authority of any a61 that may be paffed in the faid parliament of Ireland* be qualified and regiftered in any of the ports of the faid kingdom of Ireland* under fimilar regulations and reftridtions to thofe herein-before contained, (hall continue to enjoy, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, all the privileges and advantages of a Britijh-built (hip, or foreign built (hip owned by his Majefty’s fubjedts, as the cafe may be, according to the provifions of this adt.

CAP. LXI.

An adt for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of pariia-meat. '

4,600,0001, granted out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the current year; to be ifiued by the treafury accordingly. Treafury impow-ered to raife the fum of a,600,0001. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the finking fund. All perfons who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this adt to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with intereft. Orders to be regiftered in courfe. No undue preference to be given in payment. No fee

to

Hosted by Google

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 6	f i

to be taken, for book* or regifters, or entries, views, or fearches, on for-feiture of treble damages, with full colts. Penalty of undue preference in point of regiftry or payment of thq value of the debt. Auditor, etc. neglefting his duty, liable for damages, and cofts; to be recovered at Weftminfter. No undue preference in the regiftering; where orders, are brought the fame day; nor if fubfequent orders are paid before others not brought in courfe, fo as money be reserved for the preceding orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders by indorfe-, ment, and to be entered with the auditor. If it fhall be judged more advifeable, the treafury may raife the faid fum by exeebequer bills inftead of loans; and the bills in fuch cafe to be made in the manner preferibed by the land tax aft of this feffion. All advantages and penalties in the faid aft of this feffion, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby an-thorifed to be made forth, extended to this aft. The faid exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, are to be paid out of the finking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majefty the fum of 2,600,000b notwith(landing an aft of 5 and 6 Gul. & Marias. The fum of 581,4881. 15s. 9d. 3q. remaining in the exchequer on Jan. 5, 1786; 628,9811. os. id. fuplus of finking fund, April 5, 1786; 81,3861. furplus of 6d. deduftion on falaries &c. April 5, 1786; 16,491!. 5s. furplus of wine duties, granted by 18 Geo. 2. April 5, 17865 afterpayment of annuities on (ingle lives by faid act to Jan. 5, 1786; ao,i8il. 155. furplus of glafs duties, remaining April 5,1786, after paying annuities on lives granted by 19 Geo. i. c. to Jan. 5,1786; 12,735b 15s. furplus of vellum duties, etc. remaining at April 5,1 786, after paying annuities on lives granted by 30 Geo. a. c. to Jan* 5, 17861 40,414b 9s. 5d. 3q. furplus of 2-7U1S excife, regaining in the exchequer, April 5,1786, granted by 5 & 6. W. and M. after fatisfy-ing charges thereon, for the half year then ended; 100,5081. 13s. id. 3q. of impreft, and other money remaining in the exchequer for difpofi-tion of parliament; 290,8101.4s. 6d, iq. furplus of grants for land fervices in 1784, remaining in the exchequer ; and 21,568!. 138.2d. 3q. furplus for Chelfea hofpital, for the year 1785, remaining in the exchequer to be ifiued towards the fupply, by. order of the treafury ; 65,575b 4s. id. aq. of army favings in 1785, to be applied towards the extraordinary expen-ces of the land forces, from Dec. 24,1784, to Dec. 24, X785, not provide ed for. Monies arifing by the land tax aft, malt aft, loans, (1,500,000b) c. 31. further loans,(i,ooo,oool.) c, 33. further bills, (3,000,000b)lottery' aft, and alfo 581,482b 15s. 9d. 3q. remaining in the exchequer, Jan* 5, 1786, furplus of the finking fund fubjeft to difpofition of parliament; 628,982b id. overplus of grants in 17865 82,386b furplus of fixpence deductions; 16,491b 5s furplus of wine duties; 20,281b 15s. furplus of glafs duties; 12,735b 15s. furplus of vellum duties; 40,414b 9s. 5d. 3q. furplus of two fevenths excife; 100,508b 13s. id. 3q. of impreft; and alfo 290,810!. 48.6d. iq. for land forces, etc. 1784; 21,568b 13. id. 3q. for Chelfea hofpital, for 1785; a,6oo,oool. granted by this aft out of the finking fund, (hall be applied ( with the reiidue of the monies arifing from the fale of French prizes, taken before the war in 1756, to the ufes following; 2,428,326b 18s. 8d. for naval fervices, viz. for viftuals, wear and tear of the navy, and the viftualling thereof, for the office of ordnance for fea fervice, for ordinary of navy, for half pay to fea and marine officers; and for maintaining 3620 marines, and rebuilding and repairing (hips of war for 17865 287,096b 178. id. for the charges of the office of ordnance, for land fervice, 1786; 59,781b for completing works at Portfmouth, and Plymouth; 1,978,154b 15s. od. 3q. towards maintaining the land forces, etc. viz. 647,005b 8d. for defraying the charge of 17,638 effeftive men, officers, etc. 134,160b 5s. nd. for forces in the plantations, and Gibraltar, for 1786 5 6,358b 3«* for difference between Britifti and Irifh eftabliflunents of fix regiments, of foot at Gibraltar, in North America, and the Weft" Indies, etc for the fame year; 6,409b 8s. for pay of general and ftaff officers, in Great Britain, for the fame year 5 24,378b 78. 8d. iq. for fupet* numerary efficers, etc. for 365 days in the fame year; 8,130b 8s. yd, ig. for 1 regiment of light dragoons, and 5 battalions of foot, fervtng in the Eaft Indies, for 17865 59,320b 33s. jd. to the paymafter general, Secretary

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c.

at war, commiffary general of mufters, judge advocate general, comptrollers of accorapts, etc. for exchequer fees aUd for poundage, for the fame year; 11,409!. 79. 6d. for widows penfions, for the fame year 5 171,6661. 10s. jd. for reduced officers, for the fame year; 333I.9*. 7d. for reduced officers, etc. of the horfe guards, for the fame year; 175,016!. 7s. 9d. for Chelfea hofpital, for the fame year; 53,502!. 178. ad. for officers of Britiffi American forces, for the fame year; 3,535!. 6d. for officers late in the fervice of the ftates general, for the fame year; 1,377!. 8d. 2q. for difference between the Britifh and Irifh eftablifhments for feveral battalions in *784 and 1785; 364!- 5*. lid. for difference between Britilh and Irifli eftablifhments for tour companies of foot in 1786, for 275 days; 573,0871. 8s, 2d. 2q. for extraordinary expences of land forces, to Dec. 25, 1785, not provided for; j 80,000!. to difcharge exchequer bills of 22 and 23 Geo. 3; 30,0001. to difcharge arrears of civil lifts to Jan. 5, 1786; 1,500,000!. to difcharge exchequer hills of is Geb. 3;

1.000.	000!. more for paying off exchequer bills, 25 Geo. 3; 1,000,cool, for paying off bills made out by virtue of another adt of the fame year; a4ooo3oool. for paying’off bills of 21 Geo. 3; 12,259!, 98. 2d. iffued ih purfuance of addreffes of the houfe of commons; 25,0001. towards carrying on the buildings at Somerfet houfe; 6,oobI. for erecting a houfe adjoining the Admiralty, to keep books/papers, etc. in; 3,85*1. 178. 6d. for the civil eftablifhment of Nova Scotia*,900!. for the civil eftablifh-ment of the iffand of St. John in America; 1,8*61. *58, yd- iq for a demand due to the late John Ellis, efq. late agent for the province of Weft Florida, furplus of his account between June 24, 1772, and June 24. 1776; 2,66ol. for the civil eftabliftiment’of the Bahama Iflands, in addition tofalaries on duty fund, charged from Jan. 1,1786, to? Jan. r, 1787; 2,Tool, for the ifland of Cape Breton, to June 24,1787; 580I. for the falary of the chief juftice of the Bermudas, to June 24,1787; 4,3001. for the civil eftabiilhment of New Brunfwkk in America to the fame time; *3,0ool. for forts, etc. in Africa; 6,500!. for purchafing lands in St. Vincent; 6,356!. for the purchafe of the foil of the Bahama Iflands;

9.0001.	to the commiffioners of publick accounts; i,oool. to make good a like fum iffued to the fecretary to th£ faid commiffioners; 1,68tl. 183. 4d. for profecutipn ofpoinersj 14,939!. 5s. od. iq. fpr the mint, in 17855 5,7841. for new roads, etc. in the highlands, in 1786; io,oool. to the Commiffioners for enquiring into claims of American loyalifts, Without fee; 178,750V. to perfons who have proved Ioffe* in America, by aCt 25 Geo. 3. c. Proportions to American ftifferers, to be not more than 40). per cent, to thofe bearing arms, and 30I. per cent, to thofe other refident in America during the war; 55,0001 for relief of American civil officers, etc. for one year; 3,888!. 4s. to make good a like fum iffued to the fecretary of the commiffioners; 61,0591. 58- to make good alike fum iffued to American civil officers; 3,7501. 148. to make good a like fum paid to Tho. Cotton, efq. for fees at the exchequer, o‘n receipt of 50,000! granted to loyalifts lalt feffion ; 2,4261. 98. to make good a like fum iffued to the faid Tho. Cotton, Thp. Dundas, and Jeremy Pemberton, efqrs. for paffage, etc. of commiffioners of American claims, appointed to goto Nova Scotia or other part of American colonies and the expences of their fecretaries and clerks; 16,061!. 16s. 3d. to make good a like fum iffued to difcharge bills drawn by governors of Nova Scotia, New Brunf-wick, and Cape Breton, in America, and expence of convi&s at Portsmouth, and Plymouth, etc.; 13377!. 6s. for damages fuftained at Faver-fham, in Kent, by the blowing up of powder Mills, in 17&1; 4,106!. ios. to Jofeph Lodin Du Mauvoir, for lofs by feizure of the fhip La Grue, at Portudal, (a French factory), in 1776, by the Lord Dartmouth armed fhip, fent from Fort Louis in the river Senegal for that purpofe, by Matthias Macnamara, efqr. then lieutenant governor, &c. of Senegambia ; 2,5001. to Louis Borel, and Abraham Henry Bore!, dyers, for the difclo-fure of a method of dying Turkey Red, upon cotton in hanks, and in the piece; 3,6321. ns. 50. for the payment for lands purchased under

23 Geo. 3, c. 87; 12,869!. ns. 7d. 3q. for compenfation for lands purchased near Portfmouvh, under 24 Geo. 3. c. 29; 17,388!. 12s. id. VOL, XXXV,	Yy	for

Hosted by Google

670	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgn III. c. 62. [1786.

for compeofation for lands purcbafed, etc. near Plymouth, under aft 14 Geo. 3. c. a^, etc.; 11,560). 58. t7d. to Duncan Campbell, efq. for maintaining convids, etc.; and 31,1991* 108. for tranfportation, etc. of convicts; 365,7191. 28. 4d. aq. to replace a like fum paid out of the linking .fund for deficiencies of duties on tea, etc. to July 5, 1785 ; 16,588).. 48* 6d. 3q. to make good deficiencies of the fund for paying annuities granted 31 Geo. a. to Jan. 5, 1785; 180,3571. 38. 6d. iq. ’to make good the deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 18 Geo. 3. 177& to July 5,1785; 15,991!. 5«. ad. aq. to make good the deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 19 Geo. 3. 1779 to July 5, 1785; 141,8641. ns. 8d. to make good deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 29 Geo. 3. 1770, to the fame time; 361,9631. 3s. 4d. to make good the deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 23 Geo. 3. 1783, to the fame time; 202,581!. 7s. ?d. aq. to make good the deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 14 Geo. 3. 1784, to the fame time; 127,1381. 38. ad. 5-8ths, to make good deficiencies of grants for 1785. Supplies not to be applied to any other ufes than are directed by this aft. Rules to be obferved in the application of the fum of 172,666!. jos. 5d. granted laft year, for half pay. By an aft 25 Geo. 3. a fum not exceeding 197,7031. 78. lod. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus monies, above fatisfying half pay officers, to be dif-pofed of to officers who were maimed, etc. in the late wars, or to officers widows and children, as his Majefty (hall diredt.

C A P. LXII.

An aft to enable the Eaft India company to raife money by a fale of annuities, and by increafing their capitalflock.

Preamble. XT 7 HERE AS the publick Jland indebted to the united company VV of merchants ^England trading to 'the Eaft Indies, in the fum of four millions two hundred thoufand pounds, lent, at various times, under the authority of fever alafts of parliament, for which an annuity is now payable to the faid united company, to thf amount of one hundred and twenty fix thoufand pounds, being an intereji on the faid debt, at and after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum: and whereas (he [aid united company, purfuant to the powers contained in an aft of parliament made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled.

Recital of aft An aft for giving further time to the proprietors of annuities

2,3	Geo. 3, c. after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to fubferibe the fame in the manner and upon the terms therein menfidn-ed; and for redeeming fuch of the faid annuities as (hall not be fo fubferibed; and for impowering the Eajl India company to raife certain fums by transferable annuities; have borrowed and '	.	taken	'in	by	fubferipiion,	from fundry perfons, the. fum of two mil-

lions nine hundred ninety-two thoufand four hundred and forty pounds, five /hillings, by a grant of annuities called India Annuities, which now carry an interejl at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, amounting to the yearly fum of eighty-nine thoufand feven hundred and fevenly-three pounds, four Jbillings; and whereas, for the purpofe of enabling the faid united company to carry on an extended trade, and alfo to difcharge the demands to which they are liable, it is neceffary and expedient that the faid united company fhould be enabled to raife a further fum of money than they are now enabled to do: may it therefore pleafe your mod; excellent Majefty that it

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vlcefimo fexto Georgii III. C.62.	6yi

may be enaded;,and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent ihajefty, by and with the advice 4nd confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and Company may may be lawful to and for the faid united company, and they borrow, with are hereby authorized and impowered, by and with the confent tion^Hhe and approbation of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury treafary, any for the time being, or any three of more of them, or of the"fum at 3l.per high treafurer for the time being, at fueh time or times, and in cent, the an-fuch manner, as they (hall find to be moft for the advantage of of whieh^o-s the faid united company, to borrow and take in* by fubfeription flot exceed or otherwife, from any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or 36,**61. x6s* corporate, who (hall be willing to advance the fame, any fum or Aims of money, by the fale or mortgage of a fund attended with an annuity at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum% not exceeding in the whole the annual fum of thirty-fix thou-fand two hundred and twenty-fix pounds, fixteen (hillings, being an annuity due to the faid united company from the publick, in confideration of one million two hundred and feven thoufand five hundred and fifty-nine pounds, fifteen (hillings, part of the faid fum of four millions two hundred thoufand pounds; which faid fale (hall and may be made at fuch price or prices as the court of directors of the faid united company, by and with the confent and approbation of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall thiflk fit; and that Theadditioiti from and after the time of fuch fale, the faid annuities (hall be	o'nS h°

paid and transferred in like manner, and the proprietors and	terms^as

holders (hall, in all refpeds, hold their refpedive ftiares of the the money faid fund, to be purchafed as aforefaid, in like manner, and borrowed un-> upon the fame terms as the refpedive prefent proprietors now dertherecited hold and enjoy the refpedive fums belonging to them in the curedby The faid annuity fund of two millions nine hundred ninety-two publick in the thoufand four hundred and forty pounds, five (hillings; and the fame manner* faid annuities, fo to be fold as aforefaid, (hall be confolidated with the faid fund of two millions nine hundred ninety-two thoufand four hundred and forty pounds, five (hillings; and the faid debt of four millions two hundred thoufand pounds, due from the publick to the faid united company, and the annuities payable in refped thereof, (hall be a collateral fecurity to	I

the proprietors and holders of the faid annuities, fo to be fold or mortgaged as aforefaid, in the fame manner as for the faid fum of two millions nine hundred ninety-two thoufand four hundred and forty pounds, five (hillings, heretofore fold under the before recited ad of the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, but fubjed nevertheless to fuch and the like provifo, or condition of redemption by the company, as the faid fum of four millions two hundred thoufand pounds, due to the company by the publick is or (hall be fubjed and liable by any ad or ads of parliament.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Companymay y y 2	it	a,M to their

' *	Hosted by Google

6y2	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 62. [*786.

capital frock it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid united company, fubi*°n°ti n7 an(* are lier?by authorised and impowered, by and with cnp °n* the confent and approbation of the commiftioners of his Ma-jefty’s treafiiry for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treafurer for the rime being, at any time or times hereafter, to open books, and ifo receive fubfcriptions from any perfon or perfons, natives of foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, for enlarging their prefent capital (lock or fund of three millions tvvohundred thoufand pounds, to any fum not exceeding the furtherfum of eight hundred thoufand pounds capital frock, fo as to make their whole capital frock the fum of four millions; which faid additional capital frock (hall be fubfcribed and paid for at the rate of one hundred and fixty pounds for every one hundred pounds of fuch frock, or at fuch other rate as the court of directors of the faid united company, with the confent and approbation of the commifrioners of his Majefty’s 1 treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treafurer for the time being, lhali dire<fr; which faid fubfcription (hall be made, and the money for the faid ad-1 ditional frock (hall be paid in fuch manner and Form, and by fuch inftalments and proportions, as the faid court of dire&ors, with fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid, (hall appoint; and the capital frock fo fubfcribed and paid for, (hall, from and after the time of fuch payment, be deemed, confidered, and taken, as and for a part or the capital frock of the faid com-Subfcribers to pany; and the faid fubfcribers, from and after the time of mak-be uicorporat- jng fu]j payment for the faid additional frock, and their refpec-campanv etc tlve executor$9 or adminifrrators and affigns, (hall at all times ’ be deemed and reputed to be members of the (aid united company, and incorporated therewith, and (hall be intitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all and every the profits, benefits, privileges, advantages, and immunities, and be fubject and liable to all and every the regulations, rules and orders, whereto y	the prefent ftockholders and members of the faid united com-'

pany, in refpecft of the frock held by, and belonging to them, are refpe&ively intitled, fubjedf, and liable unto, by any a<5l or ads of parliament, charter, or bye-law, or otherwife how-foe ver; and the faid additional frock (hall be transferable and afrignable in the like manner, and the proprietors and holders thereof (hail hold their refpedive (hares of the faid additional frock in like manner, as the refpedive prefent ftockholders of the faid company now do, and hereafter (hall hold and enjoy ,	the refpedive fums now belonging to them in the prefent

capital frock of the faid united company; and the fame (ha'll, in all refpeds, be confolidated and united as one joint frock.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Dividends on That the faid united company (hall ana may, from time to tiie additional time, make and pay the like dividends, to the proprietors of the piid asoifthe ^ additional frock, as they now do and hereafter (hall and prefent dock. may make and pay to the proprietors and holders of the prefent frock of the faid united company; the firft of which faid dividends

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeorgII III. C.61I	673

4 dends (hall commence from fuch time as (hall be fpecified in the propofals or terms to be offered for the faid fubfcription by the (aid court of dire&ors, with fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be if further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for Preference in the faid court of dire&ors, with fuch confent and approbation fubfcribing^ as aforefaid, to give the option and preference, in fubfcribing

for the faid additional (tock, to fuch perfons as (hall hold the nny be given faid company’s (lock at the time or times of fuch fubfcription to the prefent as afoiefaid, as far as, and not exceeding the amount of fifty proprietors,fo pounds per centum on the capital (lock which (hall then be held as x*ot tJ> ex' by each ftockholder fo fubfcribing, for all fuch fums as they £ent.*onthe" (hall fubfcribe on or. before the firft day of September one thou- ftock now fand leven hundred and eighty fix ; and in cafe the fublcrip- held by them, tions, made by them on or before the faid firft day of September, I*	fo fab*

one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, (hall exceed the mo^etharifuf fum propofed to be fold at that time, a proportionable deduc- ficjent, a pro" tion (hall be made from each fubfcription; and if fuch fubfcrip- portionable tion (hall, on the clofe thereof, on the firft day of September^ deduction to one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, fall fhort of the be fum propofed to be fold, the deficiency (hall be difpofed of to	11 cnp’

other perfons, as the faid court of directors, with confent and approbation as aforefaid, (hall think fit.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, Court of di-or be conftrued to extend, to prevent or reftrain the court of felfthe whole directors of the faid united company, by and with fuch confent 0r part of the* and approbation as aforefaid, from agreeing with one or more ftocktooneor perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, for the fale of more perfon the whole of the faid annuity hereby authorifed to be fold, or ^t.^the^coa for the fale of the faid additional capital flock, or for fuch part penvt ^pthe or parts thereof refpechvely as they (hall from time to time treafury. think fit, and find it neceffary and proper tdTell; but it (hall

and may be lawful for the faid court, with fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid, to contract for and agree to fell the whole, or any part thereof, refpedtiveiy, to one or more perfon Or perfons.

VI.	And be it further enacted, Thar, as foon as reasonably Receipts to be may be after the depofit or firft payment (hall be made for the given for de-faid annuites, hereby authorifed to be fold, or for the faid addi- Pofits> ai?d to tional flock to be fubfcribed for, the faid company’s calhier or bfe^y^n-^™" treafurer (hall give a receipt for the fame, and fe from time to dorfement, time as future payments (hall be made, which faid receipts (hall

be affignable and transferable by indorfement thereon; and when the firft payment (hall be made on the faid annuities, to be fold, and on the faid additional flock to be fubfcribed for as aforefaid, the holder of fuch receipt, on delivering up the fame, fhall have his or her name entered, in proper books to be kepc by the faid utiited company for thofe purpofes, with an account of the anituity fund or the capital (lock belonging to each pro-

Y y 3	prietor.

Hosted by Google

Guardians may purchafe for infants, .etc.

074	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii HI-, c, %. [1786.

prietor, in like manner as the apcount of the prefent proprietors of India annuities alid flock are refpeftively kept. '

VII.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enacted, Pepofitstobe That in cafe any fubfcriber or fubfcribers, after having fubfcrib^ fbb^ri^ions ec*» ^all ^ in . making all or any the payments agreed at the are not duly refpective times for fuch payments, then, and in every fuch paid.	cafe, the faid united company (hull and may t.ake in ftibfcrip-

tions for and fell the annuity fund, or flock fubfcribed' for by fuch defaulter, to any other perfon or perfons, and all depofits and payments made by fuch defaulter previous to fuch default, (half be forfeited to, and become the property of the faid united company.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it fhail and may be lawful for any guardian or truflee having the difpofition of the money of any infant, to purchafe the faid annuities, and fubfcribe and pay for the faid additional flock, or any part thereof refpeftively, upon the terms and con*-ditions contained in this adl; and fuch ipfant, upon the payment of fuch fum or fums by fuch guardian or truflee, (hall be intitled unto the annuities or flock, fo fubfcribed and paid for pn hjs account, and to all advantages in refpedl thereof, in like manner as any other purchafer or fubfcriber; and the faid guardian or truflee, as to the fum or fums advanced by him, (hall be, and is hereby difcharged in refpe£l thereof, fp as the name of fuch infapt (hall be exprefTed in the receipt or receipts for fuph money.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick a£t; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfpns yvhomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LXIII.

An aft for the further preventing frauds and ahufes attending the payment of wages9 prize money, and other allowances, due for the fervice of petty officers and feamen on board any of his Majejiy’s Jhips.

WHEREAS great frauds and ahufes are daily prattifed in the receiving of feamen’s wages, notwithjlanding former afls of parliament made for preventing thefame: for remedy whereof he if enafted by the King’s mo ft excellent majefty, by and with the {advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and cptrfmons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of Augujly one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, no letter of attorney, made by any petty officer or feaman in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or letter of attorney made by the executors or adminiftrators of any fuch officer or fea-irian, in order to impower or entitle any perfon or perfons to receive any wages, pay, or allowances of money of any kind, due or to grow due for fuch fervice, (hall be good and valid, or fufficient ” v..........................'... '	’	"	for

jPublick aft.

freamfclp.

From Aug. ?, i786,noletter of attorney pf a petty q£-ficer, &c. to he Talid, un-lefs made re-

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGH III. c. 63.	675

for that purpofe, unlefs fuch letter of attorney (hall be made and declared to be revocable by the exprefs words thereof; and that no letter of attorney, or will, made by any petty officer or fea- Letters of at-

man in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, torney, &c. to

.	,	. .	J	J	u	c	be attefted by

whereby any Wages, pay, prize money, or allowance or money the captai?1 0f

of any kind, due or to grow due for fuch fervice, is authorifed the Ihip, &c.

to be received or bequeathed, (hall be good and valid, and fuffi-

cient for the purpofe, unlefs fuch letter of attorney, or will, if

made by any fuch officer or feaman then in the fervice cff his

Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, (hall be figned before, and

attefted by, the captain, or by the officer then commanding,

and one or other of the ligning officers of the (hip to which

fuch petty officer or feaman (hall belong, and (hall fpecify in the

body thereof the name of the (hip, and alfo the number at

which the maker of fuch will, or letter of attorney, ftands upon

the (hip's book; or by the agent of any of his Majefty's hofpitals

or quarters appointed to receive lick and wounded Teamen,

commonly called Sid Quarters, in which fuch petty officer or

feaman may be for the time; and unlefs fuch letter of attorney,

or will, if made by any fuch officer or feaman who (hall have

been difcharged from the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs qr

fucceffors, or if fuch letter of attorney is made by the executors

or adminiftrators of any fuch officer or feaman, and made if made with*

within the bills of mortality of the cities of London and Wejl-

minfter, Is attefted by an officer to be appointed by the treafurer be°atfefted by

of his Majefty’s navy, for the purpofe of infpedting the wills, an officer ap-

and letters of attorney, of fuch officers and feamen, or, if made poinred for

at any of the ports where Teamen's wages are paid, is attefted f**»t

by the treafurer of the navy's chief or fecond clerk there, or if	the

made at any other place, is attefted by the minifter and church- treafurer of

wardens of any-parilh in England or Ireland, or in that part of the navy’s

Great Britain called Scotland, by the minifter and two elders of clerk; and

the parifh where fuch petty officer or feaman, executors or ad- ^ace^y the

miniftrators, (hall refpedtively refide.	minifter, etc.

II.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That every

fuch letter of attorney, and will, (hall contain the name of the Particulars to (hip to which the perfon granting the fame la ft belonged, and ipecified m <ktfo the full del’cription of the refidence, profeffion, or bufinefs, lorney and^ of the perfon to whom or in whofe favour the fard letter of at- wills/ torney, or will, is made, and alfo the day of the month, and place where the faid letter of attorney, or will, was executed.

III.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That after

fuch letter of attorney, or will, (hall be executed under the Letters of at-hand and feal of the party, and attefted in manner above men- torney, etc to tioned, the fame (hall not be delivered to fuch party himfelf, or toth^iw^or to any perfon or perfons for his behalf, but the fame, if executed gc^ and h*nrT abroad, (hall be, with all convenient fpeed, fent by the com- boards, etc* mander of any of his Majefty’s (hips, or agent of his Majefty’s hofpitals or fick quarters, at the times when they tranfmit their refpedtive returns to the navy and fick and hurt boards; or, if

Y y 4	executed

6j6	Anno	vicefigio fexto Georgii III. c. 63.	[i;85.

executed in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall be feat by the commander of any of his Majefty’s (hips, agents of his Majefty’s hofpitals or fick quarters, treafurer of the navy’s clerks, minifter of the parifti, or whoever of them fhal] atteft fuch letter of attorney, or will, by the general poft, addreffed to the treafurer or paymafter of the navy, at the navy pay office, London.

Letters oF at- IV. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the bT'delivered^0 trea^urer or paymafter of the navy (ball immediately deliver to the officers over *be ^ame t0 t^ie °fficer before mentioned, appointed for appointed to infpecting the will? and letters of attorney of feamen ; which in-in fpe£t them, fpedor (hall, immediately on receipt of fuch letter of attorney, Wifter them^ or duly reS^er the fame> in a numerical and alphabetical e 9 manner, in a feparate book or books, to be kept by him for the purpofe of regiftrating fuch letters of attorney, and wills, fpeci-fying the date of fuch letter of attorney, or will, and the place where executed, the name and addition of the perfon in whofe favour fuch letter of attorney is granted, and the name and addition of the executor or executors named in fuch wills, and the names and qualities of the witnefles attefting the fame; and and to exa- the faid infpector is directed and hereby required, if the fame mine the fig- fhall appear to be witnefled by the commander of any (hip, or ydtneffies*1 C agent °f bis Majefty’s hofpital or fick quarters, or treafurer of * the navy’s clerks, to examine and compare his fignature to the atteftation of fuch letter of attorney, or will, with that fet and fubjoined to the pay or mufter books of fuch (hip, or with the returns made by the agent of fuch hofpital or fick quarters, or any publick accounts figned by fuch clerk of the treafurer of the navy, to all which documents it is hereby dire&ed he (hall have free accefs at all times, or with any other inftruments and where which he may have in his pofleffion or power; and in cafe it n^t^to^be ee-	aPPear	t0 bim that fuch letter of attorney, or will, is not

mime, to flop genuine and authentick, he (hall not pafs the fame,' but (hall them and ac- give notice by letter, to be fent by the general poft, to the per-quaint the fon in whofe favour fuch letter of attorney is granted, or perfon parties there- or perfons named executor or executors in fuch will, informing him pr them that the faid letter of attorney, or will, is flopt, If genuine, and the reafon thereof; but if, upon fuch examination and en-to bTftan^pt quiry> ^ (ball appear to the faid infpe&or that the faid letter of thereon, and attorney,'or will, is genuine and authentick, he, or a perfon kept as authorifed to officiate for him, (hall fign his name to fuch letter vouchers of Gf attorney, or will, and alfo put a (lamp thereon, to be made counts^ anc* kept ^or *he PupP°^e> m token of his approbation thereof;

and every fuch letter of attorney (hall be kept as one of the vouchers of the treafurer of the navy’s accounts: and the faid infpe&or (hall, immediately after fuch enquiry and approbation. Notice tp be gjVg notice by letter, to be fent by the general poft to the per-tornies when" ^on ^ wbofe favour fuch letter of attorney is granted, that he powers are has received and approved of the fame, and he (hall at the fame approved, and time fend to fuch attorney a cheek, fpecifying the number of alfo checks to fuch letter of attorney, the name and addition of the perfon £u pnze granting the feme,- the name and addition of t^e perfon in whofe

favour

Hosted by

Google

1786.] Anno vkefimo fexto Georgii III. C677

favour the fame is granted, the date and place when and where them to re-executed, and the names of the witnefles attefting the fame, ce*ve themo-- which faid check (hall be figned and (lamped by the faid in- ney* fpe6lor, or perfon authorized to officiate for him, and (hall to fuch attorney (land in the place of his original letter of attorney, and (hall be to him a fufficient authority to demand payment of and difcharge all fuch wages, pay, prize money, or allowance of money, to which the perfon granting the fame was entitled for his fervice on board any of his Majefty’s (hips; and the faid / infpedlor (hall in like manner give notice, to be fent by the general poft to the perfon or perfons named and appointed executor or executors in fuch will, that fuch will is received and approved of; and the faid infpe&or (hall number and regifter Notice of ap-the faid will fo (igned and (lamped by him as aforefaid, and (hall probation of make out a check, in the manner as above diredled with refpedl to be tent C to letters of attorney, which check he (hall forward in like man- which willau-ner to the faid executor or executors, and which (hall be a fuf- thorize the ficient authority for them, or for their attornies, to apply, uponexecutor to the teftator’s death, to the faid infpedlor, requefting that the pro* will may be directed and fent by him to a prodtor in Doftors Commons, where they may, on application, obtain probate thereof; which probate, when obtained, (hall be lodged with the Probates to be faid infpedlor of feamen’s wills, who, or the perfon authorized to officiate for him, is hereby directed to certify, upon the check and The fame* formerly delivered, that a probate has been granted, and the certified upon check (hall then, to fuch executor or executors, (land in the the check.

place of fuch probate, and (liall be to him a fufficient authority . to demand payment of and difcharge all fums that (hall be due to him as executor to the party who made the faid will.

V. And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the Tnfpector to above-mentioned infpedtor (hall, in return to all letters of at- ch^clF® torney and wills received by him from minifters of parifhes, ^otrTnfmits give notice as aforefaid to the faid minifter who tranfmitted the powers ofat-fame, and not to the grantor thereof, of his having pafled and torney, etc. to approved of fuch letter of attorney, or will, and (end the check bedeliveredto by the general poll, made out in the manner above-mentioned,tiie grantors* to the faid minifter ; and which notice from the faid infpedlor (hall be addrefted to the minifter of the parilh, (naming the fame), without inferring the name of fuch minifter, to be delivered to him at his manfe or dwelling houfe ; and every fuch minifter cf a parifh (hall deliver the faid check to the party who executed fuch letter of attorney, or will: and all letters and Letters packets addrefled to, or fent by, the faid treafurer or paymafter	to',C

of the navy, or infpedlor to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall, pafTfree of from and after the paffing of this a<5t, he fent and received free poftage. from the duty of poftage, in the fame manner, and under the fame reftridlions, as the clerk affiftant, and chief clerk without doors, of the houfe of commons of Great Britain now fend and

receive the fame.

VI.	And be it ena<5te<J by the authority aforefaid, That all Grants of let. captains and commanders of (hips (hall, upon their monthly ter8°f ■	r	mufterney t0 be ‘

678

ferted in the monthly returns.

The fteps to betaken to recover wages, etc. due to men dying in-teftate.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 63. [1786.

mufter books or returns, fpecify which of the men mentioned in the faid returns have granted any letter of attorney during that month, or fpace of time from the preceding returns, by inferting the date thereof oppofitc to the party’s name.

VII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That when any petty officer or feaman belonging, or who (hall have belonged to any of his Majefty’s fhips, (hall die inteftate, leaving any wages, pay, prize money, or allowance of money of any kind, due to them in refpedt of fuch fervice, the fame (hall not be paid unto any reprefentative of fuch inteftate, but upon letters of adminiftration to be obtained in the following manner; videlicet, The perfon claiming fuch adminiftration (hall give in a note or petition to the infpetfor of feamen’s wills, dating the name of the deceafed, and to what part of his Majefty’s dominions he originally belonged, and the name or names of the (hip or (hips on board of which he ferved, together with his own name and addition at full length, and his relation to, or connexion with, the deceafed, and aifo what other relations, to the beft of his knowledge, the deceafed has alive at the time, and where they are refident; and which petition (hall be certified by two reputable houfekeepers of the pari(h, town, or place where fuch petitioner is refident, certifying that they believe the Contents of the faid petition to be true; and which petition and certificate (hall be further certified by the minifter of the parirti, and two of the churchwardens, or two of the elders, certifying that the two perfons who certified the petition, in manner above mentioned', are refident within the pa-ri(h, arid perfons of good repute : whereupon the infpe&or.of feamen’s wills, as aforefaid, (hall make fuch enquiry as to him (hall appear neceffary for ascertaining the truth of the faid petition ; and if, upon fuch enquiry, he (hall be fatisfied of the truth thereof, and it alfo appearing that no will of fuch deceafed has been lodged with him, he (hall deliver or fend, to the perfon claiming to be fuch admirliftrator, an abftradt of the faid petition, with a note or ticket fubjoined thereto, figned by the faid infpedlor or perfon authorized to officiate for him, and marked with his ftamp, certifying that the contents of the faid petition appear to him to be true, and that the perfon claiming to be adminiftrator may obtain letters of adminiftration to the deceafed, provided he is otherways entitled thereto by law ; which certificate (hall be directed by the infpe&or to a prodtor in Doctor's Commons, for the purpofe that letters of adminiftration may pafs in favour of the petitioner, if entitled thereto by law, but not otherways; and fuch original petition and certificate (hall be lodged and remain in the records of the treasurer of the navy, and be preferved by him ; and the letters of adminiftration, when obtained, (hall be lodged and regiftered, in the fame manner with the .probates of wills, in the hands of the infpedtor, who is hereby dire6ted to grant a check, figned and (lamped by him, or by the perfon authorized to officiate for him, to the adminiftrators, or their attornies, which (hall

e	(land

Hosted by Google

i^86«] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. 0,64.	679

(land in the place of the adminiftration, and be to them a fuf-ficient authority to demand payment of and difcharge all fums that (hall be due to them as adminiftrators to the party deceafed.

VIII.	And it is hereby further ena&ed, That if any proftor, Penalty on regifter, or other officer of any ecclefiaftical court, (hall be aid- proctors, etc. ing and affifting in procuring probate of the will, or letters of adminiftration, for the purpofe of enabling any perfon to re- probates of eeive the wages, pay, prize money, or allowance of money of wills, etc. any kind* due or becoming due for their fervice on board any contrary to (hip or (hips then in, or formerly belonging to his Majefty, his this act* heirs and fucceffors, without firft obtaining the certificate from

the infpeftor of Teamen's wills and letters of attorney, or perfon authorized to officiate for him, in manner above directed, every fuch proftor, regifter, or other officer, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, and for ever after be incapable of afting as proftor, regifter, or in any other capacity, in any ecclefiaftical court in Great Britain ox Ireland.

IX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid* That the Abftracts of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the comtniflioners for this act to be executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, (hall

direct abftrafts of this aft to be printed, and that a competent and no cap-number of the copies of the faid abftradts be delivered to the tain to have

captain or commander of every (hip and veffel of his Majefty, his general his heirs and fucceffors ; and fuch captain or commander, as	1

foon as the (hip or veffel by him commanded (hall be put into board ;

_____are fa-

fea pay, (hall caufe one of the faid printed abftrafts to be hung tisfied it ha* up and affixed to the moft public place of fuch (hip or veffel, been done, and (hall caufe the fame to be conftantly kept and renewed, fo that they may at all times be acceffible to the petty officers and featnen on board of fuch (hip or veflel ; and the commiffioners of the navy are hereby charged and directed ftri&ly to enquire ' whether the directions hereby given for hanging up and affixing the faid abftrafts,; as aforefaid, have been duly obferved by the captain or commander of filch (hip or veffel, and not to grant fuch captain or commander his general certificate until they are fully fatisfied thereof.

C A P. LXIV.

An aft to difeontinue, for a limited time, the federal duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and fpiritsy and upon wortSj wajh, and other liquors, there ujed in the dijlillation of fpirits 3 and for 'granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS the mode eftahlifhed by the laws and regulations Preamble.

now in forte, for charging and fecuring the rates and duties impofed upon wort, wajb> and other liquors, ufed, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the dijlilling of fpirits for home confumption, hath not been found to anfwer the good purpofes thereby intended within that part of the united kingdom, and it is therefore expedient tot impofe, in lieu thereof \ a moderate duty upon the faid

wort)

Hosted by Google

68q

Anno vicefitno fcxto Georgii III, c. 64. [1786*

wdrty tva/b, and other liquorf, to be afcertained by the fize or con-tent of the JtiUs there lawfully ufed in the making of low wines and Spirits^ and to impofe a further equalizing duty upon fuch fpirits, made in Scotland for home confumption, as Jhall be brought from thence into any other part of the united kingdom ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena£ed ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the The duties fame, That the feveral rates and duties granted and impofed by hTscofiand6 any a<^ or a<^s Par^ament now in force, or which (land and on diftillation remain difeontinued or fufpended, for any time or term, upon of fpirits, &c. any wort, waft), or other liquor, or any mixture with the to be difeonti- fame, for extracting oflow wines or fpirits in Scotland, or upon Year? °from the *ow w*nes or fyirhs there made or manufactured, or upon july ^ any licence required to be taken by any diftiller or maker of fpirits from corn or malt in Scotland (fave only and except any arrears now due in refpect of fuch rates or duties), (hall be difeontinued for the fpace of two years, to be computed from the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. From July 5, That,, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand fhall* hi lieu ^even hundred and eighty-fix, there (hall be fubftituted, charged, of the prefent anc* Pai^ to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, by the diftil-duties,bepaid lers or makers of fpirits in that part of Great Britain, called the following, Scotland, for and during the aforefaid term of two years, the *iz#	rates and duties following $ that is to fay.

For every ft ill For and upon every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the nua*?S for capacity or content of each and every ftill, including the head each EnglHh thereof, which (hall be ufed or employed by fuch diftiller or wine gailon maker of fpirits, for the making of low wines or fpirits from ofitscontents, corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other waft) or li-where Britifh qUOr ma(je or brewed from any fort or kind of Britifh mate-

n)2tcri3i3 jrc ^	'

ufed.	rials, or any mixture with the fame, the yearly fum of one

pound ten (hillings fterling:

For each gal- For and upon every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the ca-lon ot its con- pacjty or content of each and every ftill, including the head where^melaf- thereof, which (hall be ufed or employed by fuch diftiller or fes or fugar is maker of fpirits, for making low wines or fpirits from melaffes ufed.	or fugar, or any mixture therewith, the yearly fum of two

pounds ten (hillings fterling :

3]. for every For and upon every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the ca-gallon where pacity or content of each and every ftill, including the head materi^are thereof, which (hall be ufed or employed by fuch dirt filer or ufed^8 ^ maker of fpirits for making low wines or fpirits from foreign refufed wine, or foreign cyder or waft) prepared from foreign materials, except melaffes and fugar, or any mixture therewith* the yearly fum of three pounds fterling:

No wafh ftill Which faid refpe&ive duties (hall be paid by the perfon or per-undcr jo gal-	fons*

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefiipo fexto Georgii III. c. 64.

fons, and at the refpedtive times, and In the manner herein? Ions to be H-after mentioned : provided that no wa(h ftill to be fo iicenfed, ^enC<unieft (hall be of a lefs content or capacity, including the head thereof, therewith be than fifty gallons, Englijh wine meafure; and that there be at licenfed a fpi-the fame time licenled with every wa(h ftill, or low wine ftill, rit (till of one or fpirit ftill, of a content or capacity not lefs than one fourth fourth of it* part of the content or capacity of fuch wa(h ftilL	qon cn *

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the faid No diftiller to fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix,

no perfon or perfons whatever (hall by him, her, or themfelves, 0[jt a i{ceacc# or by any other perfon or perfons whatever, employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or th.cir .ufc or benefit, work er eredt any ftill or ftiils, for the diftilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or fpirits, from malt pr earn, or any of xhtb materials aforefaid, jn Scotland^ without firft taking out a licence or licences for that purpofe; which, licences dial) be, from time to time, granted by fuch perfons in Scotland as the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the lord high trea-	*

hirer for the time being* fhall authorife and appoint, and which perfons fhaJI be under and fubjedt to the order, and controul of the commiffioners of excife in Scotlandr, in fuch manner as the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer, lhall declare and diredt, and which licence the faid perfon or perfons fo to be authorifed are hereby diredted to grant to all perfons who (hall apply for, and be duly qualified to receive the fame, ten days at leaft before he, (lie, or they (hall fo eredt or work fuch ftill or ftiils, and firft paying into, the hands of the proper officer of excife fuch proportion of the yearly rate or duty hereby impofed, according to the content or capacity o£ the ftill or ftiils fo to be worked or eredted as-aforefaid, as is herein-after diredted.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That it Diftillers may (hall and may be lawful for any diftiller or diftillers, after ob- Prepare wwt taining fuch licence as aforefaid, to prepare wort, walh, or ^ co”m-tilts, for the fpace of ten days before the time fixed by the faid mencementof licence for commencing diftillation ; provided alfo. That fuch licences* but diftiller or diftillers (hall not begin to diftil any low wines or incu.r pe-fpirits, previous to the time fixed by the faid licence for that

purpofe, upon pain of incurring all the penaltigs and forfeitures cenfed (tills, diredted to be inflidted on perfons forking with unlicenfed ftiils. if they begin

V.	And be it further enadted, That every licence to be t0 be-granted by virtue of this adt ftiall continue in force twelve ca- mence^nent”1^ lendar months from the date thereof, and no longer; and that Ljcences to" all and every perfon or perfons who (hall take out any fuch li- be renewed cence as aforefaid, and who fhall intend to continue to work annually, ten any ftill or ftiils, after the expiration of fuch licence, is and are days before hereby required to take out a frefh licence, ten days at leaft exPiraUon# before the expiration of twelve calendar months after taking,

out the former licence, in manner before directed, and tq pay the like fum upon the granting every renewed licence, as is by

this

Hosted by Google

Licences may be taken out within fix weeks after July j, 1786, which will continue in force till July J, 1787, etc.

684	Anno	vtcefimo	fe*to	GeORGII	III. c. 64,	[	1786.

this adt provided and diredted in the cafe of the original dt firft licence.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful for every perfon or perfons to take out a licence or licences under this adt, at any period within the fpace of fix weeks after the commencement of this adt, which licence or licences (hall continue and be in force until the fifth day of July, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven ; at which period every licence taken out under this adt (hall ceafe and determine, unlefs renewed in the manner herein-after directed: provided alfo, That every fuch perfon or perfons who (hall take out any licence or licences within the faid fix weeks after the commencement of this adt, (hall be obliged to pay in advance for fuch licence or licences a rateable proportion of the licence duty by this adt impofed, cor-refponding to the number of weeks or days that (hall be to run before the faid fifth day of July, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to take out a licence,or licences under this adt at any period during the firft year of this adt, which licence or licences (hall be current to the fifth day of July, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ejghty-feven; and fuch perfon dr perfons, upon taking out fuch licence or licences, (hall pay down the licence duty by this adt impofed, as if fuch licence or licences had been taken out at the expiration of the faid firft fix weeks as aforefaid, and (hall alfo pay per advance fuch rateable proportion of the duty for the time that (hall remain of the faid licence or licences being in force, in the manner herein-afte? diredted.

VIII.	And be it further enafled/That if any perfon of perfons (hall, after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, eredt, work, or ufe any (till or (tills for the diftilling, making, or manufadturing of low wines or fpirits from malt or corn, or any other of the materials afore-

^e"t8> and tlie faid, in Scotland, or keep any fuch (till or (tills, without firft be deffroyed0 ta^nS out licence, or renewing the fame yearly, in man-y * ner aforefaid, ht, lhe, or they (hall refpedtively forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of three pounds fterling for each gallon Englijb wine meafure of the capacity or content of fuch (till or (tills ; and fuch (till or ftills, with the whole utenfils for brewing or manufadturing worts, wa(h, low wines or fpirits, in the poffeffion of fuch perfon or perfons, (hall be feized and "forfeited, and the faid (till or ftills (hall be compleatlydeftroyed in the prefence of the magiftrate before whom the (aid (till or ltills and utenfils (hall be condemned; which fums (hall be levied and taken from every offender, without dedudtion or mitigation by any court or magiftrate whatever, any adt or adts to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX, Pro*

Licences may be taken out at any time during the firft year, on the terms herein fpcci-fied.

Unlicenfed perfons ufing ftills forfeit 3]. for each gallon of their con-

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Gborgii III. c. 64:	*683

IX.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That no diftiller Perfons ufing or diftillers, maker or makers of low wines or fpirits from malt

or corn, or any other of the materials aforefaid, (hall ere<ft, forfcif 3^*01^ work, ufe, or have in his, her, or their poffeffion any ftill or €aCh gallon of ftills, upon any pretence whatever, in any^houfe or place other theircontents, than the houfe or place previoufly entered by him* her, or and foJ them, at the proper office of excife, according to the feveral working ° laws in that behalf made and provided, on pain of forfeiting and iofing the fum of three pounds fterling for each gallon of the capacity or content of fuch ftill or ftills, and of the further fum of two hundred pounds fterling for each time it (hall be proved that he, (he, or they hath or have ufed fuch ftill or ftills, the famer to be levied without mitigation in the manner afprefaid, and the faid ftill or ftills (hall be feized, forfeited, and deftroyed in the manner aforefaid, any a& or acfts to the contrary notwithftanding.	s

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon, or previous to One fixth the granting of any fuch firft or renewed licence, the perfon or Part perfons applying for the fame (hall, before he, (he, or they to b^paid^ (hall be intitled to fuch licence, make payment in advance to when licences the proper officer of excife appointed to receive the fame, of one are granted, fixth part of the annual duty hereby charged upon his, her, or a.nd * propor-their ftills, and (hall afterwards, at the expiration of the firft two

months, and fo afterwards at or before the end of every two months after-months of the unexpired term of his, her, or their faid annual wards, licence, make payment in advance of a further proportional part of the faid annual duty, in fuch form and manner as that the faid duty (hall always be paid two months in advance into the receipt of the excife.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That no perfon or perfons None but the (hall be capable of taking out or receiving any fuch licence as owners of aforefaid, lave only the actual owner or owners of the ftill or ^VitJed^to ftills intended to be worked by virtue thereof, and of the imple- fences. ° ments thereto belonging, and every perfon and perfons demanding fuch licence (hall, if required, take and fubferibe an oath,

before one or more of the commiffioners of excife in Scotland, or any juftice of the peace for the county in which he, (he, or they (hall happen to refide, (and which oath fuch commiffioners or juftice are and is hereby impowered to adminifter), that the faid ftill or ftills, and implements, are his, her, or their property, and that the work intended to be carried on is at his, her, or their rifque, and on his, her, or their account; and in every li- Licences to cence, which (hail be granted by virtue of this there (hall exprefs the be pepreffed and fpecified the chriftian name or names, and the Party,s Ban[iC* Surname or furnames of the. perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be refpe&ively granted, the place or places of his, her, or their refpe<fttve refidence, and the name of the pari(h or place where fuch ftill or ftills are intended to be fet up, ereefted, and ufed, together with the refpeftive dimenfions or gauges of fuch (till or ftills, and declaring for what particular ufe each refpetftive ftill is intended to be employed, whether it be for the diftillation

Hosted by Google

684	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii	III. c* 64/ [1786.

of low wines, or for the diftillatian of wafh, and if for the diftillation of wafh, fpecifying from what materials fuch wafh (hall be prepared, and alfo fpecifying the fum or form paid for the duty, and the times when the future payments (hall rC-fpedively become due, and when fuch licence will ceafe and •_	expire.

Sufedas^ XII. Provided always, and be it enaded, That no words fpirit Hill, etc. contained in the faid licence thall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent any diftiller or diftillers to ufe his wafh ftill in diftilling of fpirits, or his fpirit or low wine ftill in diftilling of wafh, upon notice being previoufly given to the officer, and the caufeftated for fuch alteration in the faid notice, f^rit^efc	XIII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall not be lawful

not to’ have for the perfon or perfons to be named as aforefaid to grant, or licences for to authorize any other perfon or perfons to grant, to any redr-diftiliing, etc.; fier or compounder of fpirits, or to any common brewer or victualler, any licence for working, ereding, or keeping of any at one time. or ftdls, for the diftilling of wafh or low wines, fo long afs he, (he, or they doth or (hall continue to carry on the bufinefs of a redifier or compounder of fpirits, or common brewer or vidualler for brewing or felling of beer or ale, in Scotland; and that no perfon or perfons (hall be allowed during the continuance of this ad, to carry on the trade of a diftiller v^ith that of common brewer or victualler, or the trade of a rediner of fpirits with that of a common brewer or vidualler, at one and the* fame time, on pain that every fuch perfon or perfons (hall be deeftii-ed to carry on fuch refpedive trades contrary to law, and be liable to the feveral pains and penalties inftided agaiiift peV-Tons carrying on the trade of a diftiller .or redifier without licence.

be°valfd tfllt0 XIV. And be it further enaded, That, during the continue indorfedby ' ance °f ^is ad, no licence to be granted as aforefaid (hall be the officer of available or of any effed until the fame (hall have been produced excife of the to, and a copy thereof delivered to, the officer of excife df the diftridt. divifion, diftrid, place, or bounds wherein the ftill or ftills thereby to be licenfed is or are ereded, or intended to be ereded, the produdion and receipt of which licence every fuch officer is hereby required to acknowledge and certify gratisy under his hand, by indorfement upon fuch licence (if the party (hall require the fame), and that fuch produdion and delivery (hall be deemed and held as a fufficient entry of fuch ftill or ftills; any thing herein, or in any other ad or ads contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

New ftills, of XV. And be it further enaded, That if any fuch ftill or (tills, the fame ca- to be fo licenfed as aforefaid, (hall, during tbg continuance of be^reftedfn	^cence>	by	any	unavoidable accident, be deftroyed or ren-

piace^f de- dered unfit for ufe, the owner thereof (hall immediately give ftroyed ones, notice in writing of fuch accident to* the proper officer or fuper-without a new vifor of excife of the divifion, diftrid, place, or bounds, and licence. (hall at liberty forthwith after fuch notke fo ered a new ftill or ftills ; and in cafe fuch new ereded ftill or ftills be not of a

larger

Hosted by Google

1786 ],. Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c.	64.	685

larger capacity or' content than the faid former ftill or ftills re-fpedively, it (hall be lawful for fuch owfier or owners to work the fame, during the term to come and unexpired of his, her, or their fubfifting licence or licences, without taking out any new licence for that purpofe; but if fuch new ereded ftill or ftills fhall be of any larger capacity or content refpedively than the faid former ftill 6r ftills, the owner or owners thereof (hall take out a new licence for erecting and working the fame, which new licence (hall have duration only for the unexpired term of the' old licence, and an additional duty for fuch unexpired term fhall be advanced and paid according to the increased capacity or content of fuch new ftill or ftills, on the taking out of fuch new licence.

XVI. And be it further enaded, That if the owner or own- If licences be fers of any licenfed ftill (hall not, within the time limited by this not renewed, ad for the renewal of licences, renew his, her, or their licence	mu^

for the next enfuing year, fuch owner or owners fhall, immedi- ^own etc, ately after the expiration of his, her, or their faid licence,' either wholly pull down his, her, or their ftill or ftills, in the prefence of the proper officer of excife of the divifion, diftrid, or place, or depofit in the excife office of the divifion, diftrid or place, the head of every fuch ftill, and fuch of the utenfils or implements belonging to fuch ftill as fuch officer (hall think proper to felcd, and alfo remove and take away the feveral pipes and worms of fuch ftill or ftills, to the fatisfadion, and under the diredion of the faid officer, fo as thereby effedually to render ' fuch ftill or ftills incapable of being worked or ufed, in which ftate fuch ftill or ftills fhall remain and continue until the fame fhall be either again duly licenfed, according to the diredions of this ad, or be abfolutely and wholly pulled down, removed and difpofed of, in the prefence of the proper officer of excife 5 and if any fuch owner or owners (hall negled or refufe to obferve or Penalty on comply with any of the diredions hereby given, he, fhe, or they negled. fhall forfeit and lofe, for every fuch negled or refufal, the fum of three pounds fterling for each gallon of the content of fuch ftill or ftills5 and every fuch ftill or (tills fhall alfo be loft and forfeited, and be utterly deftroyed in the prefence of the magiftrate before whom the fame (hall happen to be condemned.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That when and fo often Notice of the as the property and pofleffion of any licenfed ftill or ftills fhall be change of changed, the perfon or perfons becoming intitled thereto fhall property in forthwith, after fuch change of property and pofleffion, and be-fore any fuch flill or ftills is or are by him, her, or them at- officer of e%-tempted to be charged and worked, give notice thereof in writing cite, to the proper officer of excife of the divifion, diftrid, place, or bounds, within which fuch ftill or ftills fhall be fituated ; and fhall thereupon, and upon making oath before a magiftrate of his, her, or their property therein, if required by fuch officer, be permitted to work fuch licenfed ftill or ftills, for the unexpired 1 term of the fubfifting licence, upon the fame conditions as are exprefled and fpecified in fuch licence.

Vou XXXV,	£2	XVIII.	Pro-

Host ed by Google

686

Notice muft be given by the purchafer of a licen fed fill!, if he does not intend to work it, etc.

Perfons neglecting to

ufing other than licenfed ftills, not to have licences granted, etc.

Anno vkefimo fe&to GeoRgii IIL c. 64. [178&

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if upon any fuch change of property and poffeflion of or in any fuch licenfed ftill or ftills, the perfon or perfons becoming in-titled thereto (hall not be defirous of working fuch ftill or ftills, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, within three days after his, her, or their title thereto (hall have accrued, fignify the fame in writing to the proper officer of excife, and depofit with him the head or heads belonging to fuch ftill or ftills, and alfo fuch of the utenfils belonging thereto as the faid officer (hall feledt, in order to render fuch ftill or ftills incapable of being ufed, and fuch ftill or ftills (hall not be again ufed until a new licence (hall be granted for that p,ur^ofe, and the duty which would have become due for the unexpired term of the fubfifting licence, to be computed from the time of giving fuch notice as aforefaid, (hall ceafe to be paid; but no claim (hall lie for repayment of any part of the duties which (hall have been paid in advance as aforefaid.

XIX.	And bedt further enacted. That if any perfon or pefr the duties ^ons* keing ^icenfed as before mentioned, (hall negledt to pay the

re^ularlv^or fa*d ^ut‘es impofed by this adl, or any part thereof, in advance,

'b	‘ ’ in the manner and at the time or'times directed by this adt; or

if any perfon or perfons (hall eredi, work, or make ufe of, any other ftill or ftills, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, than what (hall be fpecified in his, her, or their licence, whether of the fame, or of any different defcription, capacity, or content, than ftiall have been fo fpecified, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fubjedled and liable to the pains, penalties, and forfeitures, which are herein-before inflidled for the offence of eredoing or ufing an unlicenfed ftill or ftills, andfhall be rendered incapable of receiving any licence for carrying on any diftillery ih future.

XX.	And be it further enacted. That if any redtifier or compounder of fpirits, or r* y chemift, druggift, or perfumer, or any

dfftftUr^who Per^on whatever, other than a licenfed diftiller, (hall have in his, frail diftil,	her, or their poffeflion any wort, wafh, tilts, or other fermented

etc.	liquor, capable of being diftilled into low wines Or fpirits, or

(hall diftil or extradVany low wines or fpirits from wort, wa(h, tilts, corn, melaffes, fugar, cyder, refufed wines, or othef liquor, every fuch perfon or perfons fo being in poffeflion of any fuch materials, prepared for the purpofe of being diftilled into low wines or fpirits, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of five pounds for every gallon of fuch wort, waffi, tilts, or other fermented liquors, together with all the wort, wa(h, tilts, or other liquors in his, her, or their cuftody or poffeflion; and every fuch perfon dr perfons, fo unlawfully diddling or extradling as aforefaid, (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of five pounds for every gallon of the capacity or content of his, her, or their ftill or ftills; and fuch ftill or ftills, together with the implements and utenfils thereunto belonging, (hall be feized and forfeited, and (hall, on the condemnation thereof, be deftroyed in the manner herein before diredfed in other cafes of the forfeiture of any ftill or ftills; and fuch perfon or perfons (hall moreover forfeit and

lofe

Penalty on perfons not being licenfed

Hosted by Google

i?86.] Arifto vicefimo fexto GeoBGH III. c> 64.	687

Jofe all the worts, walh, tilts, and fpirits in his, her* or their cuftody.

XXL And be rt further enabled, That no perfon or perfons* No cheroift, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall, during the to-Uueti* <6ntinuarice of this adt, be Capable of carrying on the trade or ^ 0 bufinefs of a cfieraift, druggift, or perfumer, who (hall ufe any fiill or ftills, or any other trade or bufinefs requiring the ufe of any (till or ftills, without firft taking out art annual licence for that purpofe from the perfon or perfons to be nominated and appointed as aforefaid, and which licences the faid perfon or pcrfons (hall and are hereby required to grant accordingly, upon the payment of fuch fees for the fame as are herein-after dire&ed to be paid fpr fuch licences, but free from the payment of every duty of excife; and every fuch licence fo granted (hall fpecify the chriftian name or names* and the furname or furnames* trade and bufinefs, of the perfon or perfons thereby licenfed, and the place where fuch trade or bufinefs is intended to be carried on* and the number of their refpeeftive ftills< and the capacities or contents thereof refpe&ively; and no chemift* druggift, or jj?** to' have perfumer, (hall ufe or have in his, her, or their pofleffion any greater capa-ftill or ftills of any greater capacity or content than that of fifty cjty than 50 gallons, Englijk wine meafure, upon pain of forfeiting the fum gallons, on of five poqnds fterling for every gallon which the content of Pena,ty fuch ftill or ftills (hall exceed the quantity of fifty gallons as [on above that aforefaid* and every fuch licence (hall be produced, and a copy quantity, thereof delivered, by qr on behalf of the perfon or perfons taking out the fame, unto the excife officer of the divifion, diftridt, place, or bounds, before the fame (hall be available in law; and fuch officer (hall, on the requifition of the party or parties, ae* knowledge, in writing to be indorfed on fuch licence, the production thereof, and the receipt of fuch copy* and every fuch licence (hall remain and continue in force from the date thereof* for and during the fpace or term of twelve calendar months next qnfuing, and may be renewed for a further term of twelve calendar months within the fpace of ten days before the expiration thereof; and. if any chemift, druggift, perfumer* or Other perfon Cheriiifts, etc.' or perfons, (hall ufe any ftill or ftills, for any purpofe whatever, ^|f0u[IIs without firft taking out a licence for the fame, and producing jjceilce, etc< fuch licence, and delivering fuch copy thereof to the officer of forfeit icob excife as aforefaid, or (hall make ule of any other ftill or ftills than fuch as (hall be fpecified in fuch licence* or (hall make ufe of any fuch licenfed ftill or ftills at any place other than the place which (hall be fpecified in the faid licence* or in any houfe or place other than his* her, or their ufual dwelling or known place of carrying on his, her* or their trade and bufinefs, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall refpedtively forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds fterling for every fuch offence, to be levied and paid without mitigation.

XXiL And be it further enadied, That, for and upon the fees tote paid content or capacity of every ftill of one hundred and twenty gal- j?n tak,RS olit ions* or upwards, for which any licence fhall be granted under 1C€I)ce8#

% 2 2	and

Hosted by Google

50 gallons, may be granted, to carry on chemical experiments, etc.

688	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. 64..	[1786.

and by virtue of this a&, there {hall be paid, by the perfon taking out fuch licence, a fee after the rate of one peony fter-ling per gallon, and for every other licence to be granted by virtue of this a<ft, a licence fee of five (hillings fterling, which fees fhall be received by and belong to fuch officer or other perfoft who fhaM be appointed as aforefaid ; and in confideration there^ of, the perfons who (hall be intitied to the benefit of the faid fees (hall keep a regifter of all the licences which (hall be granted by virtue of this a<ft, and (hall, twice in every year, or oftener if required by the faid com mi (boners, deliver a duplicate thereof into the general excife office in Edinburgh, for the fafe euftody thereof.

XXIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafled.

Licences for That if it fhall be made appear to the faid co mini (Turners of ex* capacityThlr C1^e’ t*lat any	proceffes	or	experiments	in	chemiftry,	iri

that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall require a (fill ot if ills of greater content or capacity than that or fifty gallons* Englijh wine meafure, as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful U> and for the faid commiflioners to authorize and direct a licence or licences to be granted to the owner or owners of fuch chemical work or works, to ufe, for the purpofes aforefaid, a (fill or if ills of any larger content or capacity than as aforefaid 5 which licence or licences fhall be in force fof the fpace of one year* and no longer, and for each of which licences a fee of five (hillings, and no more, fhall* be paid to the perfon or officer to-be appointed as aforefaid, and which faid chemical works, if fpeci* fied in any fuch licence to be lecrer works, (hall not be liable to vilitation by any officer or officers of excife, excepting only under the conditions and limitations, according to which the chemical works, which are or (hall be carried oaby Archibaldearl of Dundonald., his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns* may or can be lawfully vifited and examined.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That if,^Jg-on any fuch vifitation or examination, it (hall befoxmd that anV'

forfeited^ etc* fuchfiill orftilte of fuch larger content or capacity have been ufed in the diftilling of fpirits, low wines, or wadi, wort, or tilts, prepared from any of the materials aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid licence, fuch (till orftills, and all the utenfils thereto belonging, fhall be feized, loft,.forfeited, and deftroyed, as aforefaid, and the owners thereof fhall be liable to the feveral pains and penalties impofed by this aeft upon unlicenf-ed diftillers.

XXV.	And be it further enabled, That if ahy perfon or perfons, occupying any houfe or tenement in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall permit any unlicenfed ftill orffills to be fet up or ufed in fuch houfe or tenement by any perfon or perfons, for the making or diftilling of low wines or fpirits, without giving notice thereof to the proper officer of excife, within the fpace of three days after he or they (hall have knowledge of the fa6t, fuch occupier or occupiers (hall incur and be fubjeft and liable ta the fame pains and penalties as are by laW directed

to

But if ufed for diftilling fpirits, to be

Perfons per-' mitting ftilis to be fet up in unlicenfed places, liable to the penalties of tiling wnlicenfed (tills.

Hosted by Google

1786,] Anno vicefimo fexfo Georgii III. c/64.

to be impofed or inflicted on perfons adtaally ufing any unlicenf-ed ftill.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be Officers may lawful for any officer or officers of excife in 'Scotland, to enter, examine during lawful hours, into the ftill houfe, or other place where

any ftill or (tills (whether the fame be licenfed or not Kcenfed) found work-(hall be kept, worked, or ufed, or where any wort, wafh, low ing contrary wines, or fpirits, are prepared or diftilled, and to examine the *?	:	a<^>

fame; and in cafe any ftill or ftills (hall be there found in a ftate forfeited*0 ^ capable of being worked, the fame not having been duly licenfed, or in cafe any wort, wafh, low wines, or fpirits, (hall be there found contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ac9, every fuch ftill or ftills, and the liquor therein, with all the uten-fils and implements thereto belonging, or therewith ufed, and alfo fuch wort, wafh, low wines, and fpirits, (hall be feized by any officer or officers of excife, and lhall be loft and forfeited^ and the faid ftill or ftills (hall be deftroyed in the manner herein-before dire&ed.

XXVII.	And be it further ena<5led, That every officer of ex- Officer ea-

cife who (hall, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, feize	allon

and bring to condemnation any ftill by this a61 made liable to ofthecogntents feizure and forfeiture, (except in the cafe of fuch ftill or ftills of ftills feized being feized on the difcovery of any other perfon, in the manner on his own herein-after fpecified), (hall be entitled to a reward of two foil-

lings and (ixpence fterling for every gallon of the content or ca- ^otto exceed pacity of fuch ftill, including the head thereof, to be paid out of a,i. for one his Majefty’s duties of excife in Scotland, upon an order from the ftill. faid commiffioners of excife, which order the faid commiffioners are hereby authorifed and required to grant: provided neverth$-lefs, That fuch reward (hall not exceed the fum of twenty-one pounds fterling for any one ftill fo feized as aforefaid : and if any perfon (not being an officer of excife) (hall make difcovery of Perfons, not any ftill liable to feizure and forfeiture as aforefaid, fo as that the fame (hall be feized and condemned, fuch perfon or perfons of^ftiUs liable (hall be entitled to a reward of one (hilling and (ixpence fterling to feizure, for every gallon of the capacity or content of fuch ftill, to be andtheoffi-paid on the condemnation thereof: provided alfo, that fuch re-ward (hall not exceed the fum of ten pounds and ten (hillings rewards as fterling for any one ftill fo forfeited as laft aforefaid ; and the of- herein fpe-ficers or officer of excife, by whom the fame (hall be feized, (hall cifitd. alfo be entitled to a reward of one (hilling fterling for every gallon of the content or capacity of fuch ftill, fo that fuch laft mentioned reward (hall not, for any one ftill, exceed the fum of ten pounds and ten (hillings fterling; and that fuch fe.vera 1 rewards (hall be paid by the order of the faid commiffioners of excife as aforefaid; and if, by reafon of the fmall fize of any fuch ftill or ftills, the faid commiffioners of excife (hall think any of the rewards aforefaid infufficient, the faid commiffioners (hall, and they are hereby authorifed to augment the fame refpedlively, not exceeding the refpe£ive fums aforefaid.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any officer of Officers not .

Z z 3	excife	feizinSItiiis

Hosted by Google

j«. 6d. per

gallon to_be allowed in-

No fpjrits to Jbe removed from the manufactory

6^0	Anno	yigsGmo	fe$to GsjRGII III. c. 64.	[> 786,

in 14 hours exeife (h;ajlf for tl)e (pace of twenty-four hours after he (hall

after iufpr- have rccc;ve<j information of any ftill being unlawfully ereCted, mation.tobe r .	,	£	J	° ,	.	3

difmifled etc. VccvPF kept, or of any wort, warn, tilts, or low wines, prepar-

? ed and intended to he unlawfully ^fed in diftillation, wilfully negjedt tp fei^e the fame refpediyely, every fuch officer fo offending (hall, upon complaint made thereof, and proof of the fa<5f, to the fati^faClipn of the commiffioners of excife in Scotland, be difmifled from his or their office, and (hall never afterwards be payable of ferving his Majefty in any office or place of truft what^ ever, and (hall moreover forfeit and lofe all fuch falary as (hall be due to him at the time of his difmiflion ; and in cafe the perfon or perfons making fuch complaint (hall be the fame perfon or perfons who gave the information as aforefaid, to the officer formers mak- or officers fo difmifled, fuch perfon or perfons fhall be entitled ing complaint f0 a reward of one (hilling and fixpence fterling, for every gal-fehhig618 DOt	PPntePt or capacity of the faid ftill or ftills, to be paid

by the order of the faid commiffioners of excife out of the revenues of excife.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled. That no fpirits, made from any of the materials aforefaid, fhall be removed or fern from the place of their manufa&ure, without being accompanied by a cer-withoutcerti- tificate, fubferibed by the licenfed diftiller or maker thereof, dr from the his known and authorifed agent, expreffing that the fame were quantity0 etc6 *$a^c ty anc* a^° fpecifyiflg the quantity of fuch fpirits,

,	•	-# and the number of cafks or packages in which the fame are

Contained,

«d bySlari^0V" * XXX. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the carriage from fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, no Scotland into fpirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, made from any England,tobe of the materials aforefaid, in that part of Great Britain called forfeited, etc. ^ofland\ by any perfon or perfons whatever, fhall be removed or fent from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, into any_ other part of Great Britainy by land carriage; and if the fame * iliall be fo fent of removed, the faid fpirits, with the package^ and cafks containing the fame, fhall be forfeited and loft, with the horfes pnd carriages employed in conveying the fame.

XXXI.	^nd be it further enacted. That all fpirits, whether m e ^ raw, rectified, or compounded, made from any of the materials England , to be aforefaid, which fhall, from and after the fifth day of July\ ond forfeited if not thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, be removed or conveyed accompajiied by Water from any paft of Scotland., to any other part of the uriit-aceiu- ej	(hall be accompanied by a certificate from the

maker, diftiller, retftifier, or compounder thereof, or his1 known and authorized agent, fpecifying the number and the refpe&ive marks of the feveral packages, and the quantity of gallons contained in each of fuch packages', and the refpe<ftive degrees of ftrength of the fpirits in efcch package, together with the different fpecies or kinds of the faid fpirits, and fhall alfo be accompanied by a regular clearance from the proper cuftom-houfe in Scotland * and that all fpirits which fhall be removed or conveyed, or be attempted to be removed or conveyed from Scotland

A‘l fpirits removed by water into

i cert ficate, etc.

Hosted by

Google

I7u6 ] Aflno vlcefirpo fexto Georgii III. c, 64.	£91

into any other part of the united kingdom, without being accompanied by fuch certificate and clearance as aforefaid, ihall, together with the packages containing the fpirits, and the fhip or veffel conveying the fame, with her floret and tackle, be feiz-cd, loft, and forfeited.

XXXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That when Rectified fw-any rectified or compounded fpirits fhall be fent from that part ^ve^^ rnfit of Great Britain called Scotland by water into any other part of the*™1 the united kingdom, the fame fhall, over and befides fuch certi- excife. ficate and clearance as aforefaid, be accompanied with a permit

from the proper officer of excife, or, in default thereof, fuch fpirits, with the packages containing the fame, (hall be loft and forfeited ; provided always. That no fuch fpirits, fhip or vefTel, as aforefaid, (hall be liable to feizure for or on the account of any fmali difference or deficiency in the gauge of fuch fpirits at the time of their arrival in port, or any other deficiency, wheh the fame fhall be proved to have been occafioned by accident an$ without fraud.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after Duties to be the fifth day of" July* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- a^j^n0f*c fix, all fpirits of a ftrength not exceeding that of one to ten over fpirits from hydrometer proof, which {hall be manufactured in Scotland, and Scotland into brought from thence into any other part of the united kingdom, England, fhall, upon the arrival thereof, be charged with a duty of two

(hillings upon each gallon, Englijh wine meafure ; which fum, together with the duties by this act directed to be paid in Scot-land upon licences, fhall be held and deemed to be equivalent to the duties payable in England upon fpirits of Englijh manufacture, not exceeding the ftrength aforefaid ; and if the ftrength of any fpirits manufactured in and arriving from Scotland as aforefaid, mall be of a greater ftrength than one to ten over hydrometer proof, and fuch excefs fhall not exceed three per centum over and above the faid ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the faid fpirits fhall be charged with a further duty proportioned to their faid furplus ftrength; and the faid relpective duties fhall be paid to fhp pro-per officer of excife at the port or place of entry inwards, upon at^the port of the landing of any fuch fpirits, which faid duty or dgties payable entry, and to upon importation fhall be under the receipt and management of be applied as the commiffioners of excife in England for the time being, and ?utles m be by them ordered, appropriated, paid, and applied, to and for wor/etc?1* the fame ufes and purpofes as the rates and duties payable in *

England upon wort, walh, and other liquor, ufed in the diftilla-tion of fpirits there for home confmpption, are directed to be appropriated, paid, and applied; and that fuch fpirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, after being fo landed and warehoused, fhall be confidered as made or rectified in that part of the united kingdom where the faid fpirits have been fo landed and warehoufed, and fhall be intitled to the fame allowances as the flocks of diftillers or rectifiers in that part of the united kingdom are intitkd to.	‘

' "	Z?4	XXXIV.	And

Hosted by

Google

692	J^nno	vicefimp	jfcxto	Georgii III. c. 64* [ 17 86,

Spirits of a XXXtV* And be it further enadted, That if any fpirits ^onfthan manufaSured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, of a ^in the 100 ^rengtB exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proofs ^bove 1 to 10 fllajl be (Hipped on board any veflel in order to their being fetit over hydro- or conveyed from that part of the united kingdom to any other ^b^forf^t- Part the united kingdom, and fuch excefs (hall amount to ed etc?r Cl * more than three pounds per centum above the faid ftrength of *	* one to ten over hydrometer proof, fuch fpirits, with the ca(ks

and packages containing the fame, (hall be feized, loft, and forfeited.

SP?r|ts	XXXV.	Provided	always,	and	be it further enadted, That all

1786, ncrtlia-* fpirits which (hall have been made in that part of Great Britain ' ble to duty on called Scotland, amd bona fide put on board any (hip or veflel oh landing in or before the fifth day or July, one thoufand feven hundred and England. eighty-fix,, and (hall be accompanied by a proper permit, (haft and may be landed in any other part of the united kingdom without being fubjedt to the payment of any equalizing duty, ill the like manner as the fame could or might have been landed irv cafe this adt had not been made.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid. That the commiflioners of excife in Scot land (hall, within pullicates of the fpace of one month after the time of granting any permit for ed^Srotlaftd l^e ^moval, any Briiiji) brandy, rectified Brilijh fpirits or com-for removal pounds, from any port or place in .Scotland, to any port or place of fpirits to in England', tranfmit the counterpart of fuch permit,.or caufe the England,tobe fame to be tranfmitted, to the commiflioners of excife in Eng-the^^if^etc0 ^ order that they may, and they are hereby directed and ,	,	*	,	* required to caufe feme proper officer or officers to examine and

cheque therewith the permit by which fuch Britifi) brandy, and rectified Britijb fpirits and compounds, refpedlively, (hall have been removed as afprefaid; and in order that a further cheque may be had upon the removal of fuch fpirits, a duplicate of fuch clearance (hall be forthwith tranfmitted to the proper officer of officers of the cuffoms at the port in England where fuch fpirits. are intended to be landed, who are hereby authorised and required to compare the fame with the fpirits on their arrival, maker to	XXXVII. And be it further enacted. That every maker of

annuaHi-311 ft^s m Scotland (hall, from and after the fifth day of July, one cence* (tamp thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, take out an annual li-his (tills, and cence from the officer fo to be authorised as aforefaid to grant Fefce t0 the fame, and renew fuch licence from year to year, and (hall tbat°theymay Pa? a ^ee ^ve (Hdl*ngS for each of fuch licences, and no more; be gauged. * and every fuch maker or makers (hall (lamp his or their name or names, and the progreflive number, and the content or capacity of every (fill made by him, her, or them, upon the /	(houlder	thereof; and in order that the contents of the faid (till

hr ftills may be diftindlly afcertained, the faid maker dr makers (hall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required, withiri three days after finifhing any ft ill, to give notice to the excife officer of the diftridt where fuch (till hath been fo made, that the (ame is ready to be gauged and (lamped $ and fuch officer is ;........ • ‘ -	hereby

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeokxsiiIII. 0.64,	£93

hereby required, within three days after fuch notification, tq gauge fucfi ftill, and to grant a certificate, fpecifying the number, content, and maker’s name or names of fuch (till; and in Penaltyonnot cafe arty fuch maker or makers (hall fail to give fuch notice giving notice, to the faid officer as aforefaid, fuch maker or makers (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings for each gallon of the content or capacity of every fuch ftill fo made by him,-her, or them.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon Perfons ina-pr perfons (hall import or bring any ftill or (tills into Scotland, porting ftill* from that part of Great Britain called England, or from foreign without°giv” parts, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, within three days after the fog notice to arrival of fuch (till or ftills, give notice of the number, fize, and the officer, content of- the fame, and of the place where the fame is depo- forfeit job fited, to the officer of the divifion, diftrid, place, or bounds;

and fuch officer (hall, within twenty-two hours after the receipt of fuch notice, gauge and damp, or caufe to be gauged and* damped, the faid ftill or ftills, in the fame manner as is hereinbefore directed in the cafe of a (till or ftills being made in Scot-land; and if the perfon or perfons who (hall fo import or bring, any ftill or ftills into Scotland, (hall negled or omit to give fuch notice thereof as aforefaid, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds fterling for eyery ftill fo imported or Stills not to brought; and in cafe any fuch ftill or ftills (hall be ereded with- b^5r^e<inti^ out being previoufly gauged and marked by the proper officer f^fekureof of excife, every fuch ftill or ftills (hall be forfeited and loft, and the ftills, etc. the owner and owners thereof (hall alfo forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds fterling, over and befides all other penalties and forfeitures to be incurred for the unlawful ufing the fame.

XXXIX.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad can-, Redifiers,&c. gained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal, alter, .fuhjetf: as

or change any ad or ads now in force for the furveying and furve°s°&ct0 keeping a regular account of the flocks of redifiers, and com- u * * pounders, of fpirits and dealers, but that the faid redifiers, compounders, and dealers, (hall remain fubjeded to the furveys of the officers of excife, and to all other regulations made and provided by any law now in force, in the fame manner as if this ad had not been made; faving and excepting, that redifiers land compounders, as well as makers or diftillers, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, may fend fpirits to any pare or place in that’part of the united kingdom of whatever ftrength he, (he, or they may think proper.

XL. And be it further enaded. That the feveral duties on Duties to be licences, by this ad granted, (hall be under the receipt, collec- underthema-tion, and management of the commiffioners and officers of his "he Majefty’s revenue of excife in Scotland for the time being, and fioners of recall be appropriated td fuch and the farpe ufes and purpofes as venueinScot-the duties by this ad fufpended or difeontinued would have land> etc. been fubjed and liable to, if this act had not been made/

XLI. Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained This ad not fhall difeharge or acquit any diftiller, or other perfon, from any t0 difeharge 4<"	'	' *	'	'	■'	;	*	penalty	P€naltl€8 al~

M	Google

6g4-	Anno vlcefimo fcxto Georgii III. c. 64. [1786.

wady incur- penalty or forfeiture already incurred under any former aft or t^repeal the a<^s f°r granting any duties upon wort, wafh, or other liquor. Jaws refpeft- or ^rom payment of any arrears of fuch duties accrued, due iog exporta- prior to the commencement of this aft; nor fhall any thing in tion to foreign this aft contained extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal parts, etc* or alter any law or laws now in force with refpeft to the making of Britijh fpirits for exportation to foreign parts; or to repeal or alter any part of an aft, made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for repealing fo much of an aft, made in the laji feflion of parliament, as relates to the dijlillation of corn fpirits in fmall ftills * in certain counties or dftrifts in the highlands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorifmg the commiflioners of excife in Scotland to grant licences, to perfons living in the faid counties or difirifts, to diftil fpirits from barley, bear, or tigy the growth of the faid counties; and for impofing a duty on fuch licences; nor to prejudice the right and privilege granted to Archibald earl of Dundonaldy his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, by an aft paffed in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for vefting in Archibald earl of Dun-donald, his executorsy adminiftrators, and afligns y the foie ufe and property of a method of extra fting or making tary pitchy effential oilst volatile alkali* mineral acids* falls* and cinders, from pit coal, throughout his Majefty s dominions* for a limited time.

Karl of Duo- XLII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That not-donaldtogive withftanding any thing in the faid laft mentioned aft contained, accent of^	faid earl, his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall be,

toftills°etc. an^ or they is and are hereby required to deliver to the offi-, cer or officers of excife of the divifion, diftrift, place, or bounds, within which any of his or their faid works or ftills are or (hall be erefted,* an account in writing, fpecifying the number of his or their faid ftills, with a defcription of the fame, and the pur-pofes for which fuch ftills were reflectively erefted; referving to any of his Majefty’s officers of excife, under the conditions and limitations herein-after fpecified, at all lawful hours, to vifit fuch work or works, and fuch (till or ftills, and to examine by all proper means the liquor or matter coming from the faid {till or ftills, but not to open the faid (till or ftills, unlefs the faid officer or officers (hall not otherwife be allowed to examine the liquor or matter coming from the faid ftill or ftills.

Officernot to XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it infpeft his (ball not be in the power of any officer pf excife to vifit or in-etc without *Pe<^	workh°ufe	°r	workhoufes,	or	the faid ftill or ftills,

order from or houfe or houfes, or places thereto belonging, unlefs the faid the commif- officer or officers (hall have previoufly obtained an order from fioners of ex- the commiflioners of excife, or the major part of them, in that matloTof0^ Part Great Britain called Scotlandy or fhall proceed upon a their being figned information in writing, and upon oath made, and re-illegally	duced alfo into writing, before any one or more of the faid

worked.	commiflioners of excife, or before any one or more of his Ma-

jefty’s juftices of the peace, certifying that the faid works or ftills in the faid aft defcribed, in place of being bona fide ufe<d

for

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 64I	695

for the purpofes therein mentioned, are or have been ufed in » extrading low wines or fpirits from wort, wafh, or other materials whatfoever; in which cafe fuch written information, and oath and warrant proceeding thereupon, (hall be lodged, if required, with the manager of the faid works fo vifited, upon the faid manager's granting a receipt for the fame; and if the faid If found tobc ftill or (fills (hall be at fuch vifitation, or have been previoufly	tobe

ufed after being ereded in the faid works, for the purpofe of forfeited, etc. diftilling walh, worts, low wines, or fpirits, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the,faid ad, fuch ftill or ftills, and uten-fils belonging thereto, (hall be feized and forfeited as unlicenfed ftills, and the owners and ufers thereof fubjeded to the pains and penalties in that behalf made and provided by this ad.

XLIV, And be it further enaded. That if any perfon or per- Perfons ob-fens (hall obftrud, refill, oppofe, moleft, or hinder any ^officer ftru<^in3 or officers of excife in the due execution of any of the powers dutVforfdt or authorities given or granted to fucH officer or officers by this aooU ad, every perfon or perfons fo offending (hall forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum of two hundred pounds fterling.

XLV. And be it further enaded. That all and every the Powers,etc. powers and authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, °f 1% Car-and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which in and by *xfondedCto" an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles this act. the Second, intituled. An aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenants in Capite, and by knights fervice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majefty's revenue of excife, or inland duties under the management of the cpmmiffioners of excife, are provided, fettled, or eftablirtied, for fecuring, enforcing, managing, raifing, levying, colleding, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or afeertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted and infiided, and for the preventing, deteding, and punching frauds relating thereto (other than lhi fuch cafes for which other penalties, provifions, and regulations are preferibed by this ad), (hall be exercifed, practiced, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raiftng, levying, colleding, mitigating, adjudging, afcertafriing, recovering* and paying, the feveral duties hereby gfanted, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, directions, ihethods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enaded in this prefent ad.

XLVL And be it further enaded. That all the penalties and Howpenaltie* forfeitures impofed by this ad, ftiall be fued for, recovered, and are to be levied by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any penalty or	aa<*

forfeiture is or may be fued for, recovered or levied by any Jaw ™ or laws of excife, or by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in his Majefty's courts of exchequer in England or Scotland refpedively; and that one moiety of every fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors^ and 1 '	■ :,'+-:	'■	'the

Hosted by Google

Limitation of actions.

General iffue

Treble cofts#

Anno vicefitno fexto Georgii III. c. 65. [1786*

the 6ther moiety to him, her, or them, who (hall inform, dif-cover, or fue for the fame.

iXLVIL, And be it further ena£ed. That if any a&ion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or per-fons, for any thing by him, her, or them done in purfuance of this act, fuch a&ion or fuit (hall be commenced within fix months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defendants, in fuch action or fuit, may plead the genera] iffue, and give this a<5t, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdi6t (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their adion or profecution, or if judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (halt have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs. .

CAP. LXV.

An ad for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.

688,7501. to be raifed by a lottery. All perfons who have made depor fits, piirfuant to the refolution of the houfe of commons, of June a, 1786,are required to pay the remainder of their fqbfcriptions at certain times specified. Depofit il. 8s.; ao July al.; 13 Aug. il. 8s.; 20 O <ft. al. 15 s.; a 1 Nov. al.; 18 Dec. al.; and 17 Jan. 1787, a I. 4s." 6d. Cafhier to give fecurity, to the fatisfadion of the commiffipners of the treafury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commif-fioners of the treafury impowered to apply the money paid in by the cafliier to the fervices voted this feffion; 500,0001. the amount of the prices, to be paid otft of any fupplies granted this feffion. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket.

LOTTERY for 1786.

The bearef of this ticket will be intitled to fuch beneficial chance a* flhall belong thereto, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and under the directions of an att patted in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Ma* jetty’s reign.

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver then? to the calhiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafliier* to return* the books, with the undifpofed tickets, with an account of monies received and paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up,and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut off indentwife into a bore marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up, and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of fortunate tickets are, a of ao,oool. each; 3 of io,oool. each; 5 of 5000I. eaph; 10 of a,oool. each; 15 of ijoool.each; 30of jool. each; 100of 100I. each; 150of50I.each; 16,175 of 20I. each: and alfo i,oopl. to the firft-drawn ticket of the firft day; X,ooo!. to ditto the 4th day; i,oool. to ditto the 7th day; i,oool. to ditto the 10th day; i,oool. to ditto the 13th day; i,oool. to the firft-drawn ticket the 16th day; i,oool. to the laft-drawn. Tickets in the buterntoft column of the laft-meniioned books to be rolled up and tied.

Hosted by Goo<

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeOrgii III. c. 66,67.

and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), &c. Publick notice to be given of putting thie tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 12, 1787. Method to be obferved in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the fums, to be printed. Difpttfes to be adjufted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, &c. felony, death. Offenders (not in prifon) difcovering perfbn3 guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50I. reward. Provifo,, not to caufe corruption of blood, lofs of dower, or di&erifon of heirs. Managers to be fworn. The oath:

I A. B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in purfu-ance of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-fixth year of his Majefty’s reign, do fwear, That I will faithfully execute the truft repofed in me ; and that I will not ufe any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any perfon to ufe any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myfelf, or any other perfon whatfoever; and that I will do the utmoft of my endeavours to prevent any undue or finifter practice to be done by any perfon whatfoever; and that I will, to the beft of my judgement, declare to wbom any prize, Jot, or ticket of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid act.

Cafhier may receive the furas fubfcribed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the fame; which (hall entitle the bearer to.3 ticket for every 13I. 15s. and 6d. paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depofits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, &c. Commiflioners of the treasury may reward the managers, &c. as they (hall think fit. The 500,000!. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted this feflion ; and fhail be paid to the proprierors, without any deduction, on June 1, 1787, etc. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and figned by the managers. Commiflioners of the treafury impowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this a61. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution-monies, or for any receipts, &c. on penalty of aol. General iflue. Treble cofts.

CAP. LXVI.

An a£1 for appointing commiflioners further to enquire into the fees, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the feveral publick offices therein mentioned; to examine into any abufes which may exift in the fame; and to report Aioh $b-fervations as (ball occur to them, for the better conducing and managing the bufinefs tranfa&ed in the faid offices.—This a6t the fame as laft year.

a5 Geo. 3. c. 19, continued in force^till the end of the next feffion of

parliament.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for appointing and enabling commiflioners further to examine, take, and ftate the publick accounts of the kingdom.

William Roe, efq; appointed a commiflioner/and the act of 25 Geo. 3.

c. 68. and the former acta continued till one year after July aa, 1786.

e a p.

Hosted by Google

Preamble.

Geo. 3. c. 80.

Commiffion-

crs.i

Commiffion-ers to be fworn.

The oath.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii IIL c. 68. [-1786.

Cap. lxviii.

• ■*;

aft for appointing commijftoners further to enquire into the loffei and fervices of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their rights,* properties, and profefftohs, during the late Unhappy dijfeniions its America, in confluence of their loyalty io his Majejly, and attachment to the Britifh government.

WHEREAS by ah aft, made in the tibenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled. An ad for appointing commiflioners to enquire into the Ioffes and fervices of all (uch perfons who hare fuffered in their rights^ properties, and profeffions, during the late unhappy diffentions irt America, in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britijh government), and alfo by an aft made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his ptefent Majejly, Certain perfons were conjlituied commijftoners for enquiring into the refpeftive lojfes and fervices of all fuch perfon and perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties, and profeffions, during the late unhappy diffentions in America, in confequence of their loyalty to his Majejly+ and attachment to the Britifli government: and whereas the pur-pofes intended by the faid afts are not yet compleated, and it is therefore niceffary that the faid afts Jhould be further continued; be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That John Wilmot efquire, colonel Robert Kingjlon, colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marjh efquire, Jeremy Pemberton efquire, and Robert Mackenzie efquire, (hall be, and they are hereby conftituted commiflioners for the ptfrpofes in the faid recited ads mentioned.

II.	And be it further enaded, That any two commiflioners in this ad named, before they enter upon the execution of the fame, (hall take an oath before the mafter of the rolls for the time being, or one of his Majefty’s juftices of the court of king’s bench, common pleas, or barons of the exchequer,

(which they or either of them are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter) in the form following; that is to fay,

I A. B. do fwear, That, according to the bejl of my Jkill and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the feveral powers and trujls vefted in me by an aft, (intituled, An ad for appointing commiflioners further to enquire into the Ioffes and fervices of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties and profeffions, during the late unhappy diffentions in America, in confequence of,their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britijh government) according to the tenor and purport of the faid aft.

And every other of the faid commiflioners, in this ad named* (hall likewife take the fame oath before the (aid two commif-

o	doners*

Hosted by Google

I7&6-] Anno vkefimo fexto GeoRgii III. c. 68.	699

(ldhfers, who are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame, after they (hall themfelves have taken the faid oath as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be CommiflioB-lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any two or more era may exa* of them, and they are hereby authorifed, impowered, and re- mine parties quired, to examine upon oath (which oath they, or any two or on oa more of them, are hereby authorifed to adtriinifter), all perfons

whom the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them,

(hall think fit to examine, touching all fuch matters and things as (hall be neceffary for the execution of the powers veiled in the faid commiffioners by this a61; and all fuch perfons are hereby diredted and required punctually to attend the faid commiffioners at fuch time or place as they, or any two or more of them, (hall appoint.

IV.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the Commiflion-faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby erst° meet, authorifed to meet and fit, from time to time, at their prefent perfons place of meeting, or at fuch other place as they, or any two or or papers, more of them, (hall think proper, vyith or without adjournment, and to fend their precept or precepts, under their hands

and feals, for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and for fuch books, papers, writings, or records, as they (hall judge necef-fary for their information in the execution of the powers vefted in the faid commiffioners by this a<ft ; and the faid commif- to appoint fioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorifed to clerks, Sec, appoint and employ fuch clerks* meffengers, and officers as they (hall think meet, and to give to every of the faid clerks and officers an oath for his true and faithful demeanor, in all things relating to the due performance of the truft repofed in him by the faid commiffioners, and in all other things touching the premifes; which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the truft in them feverally and re-fpedtively repofed, without taking any thing for fuch their fer-vice, other than fuch falary or rewards as the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, (hall think fit to direct and appoint in that behalf.

V.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That if ij Perfons deli* (hall have appeared to the commiffioners appointed by the faid vering infrau-recited acts, or (hall hereafter appear to the commiffioners ap- f^beexcluded pointed by this a<5t, that any perfon hath delivered, or (hall from any hereafter deliver to them, an account or claim beyond the real compenfa-lofs fuftained by him or her, with an intent to obtain more than tion.

a juft compenfation; and if the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, fbali have been or (hall hereafter be of opinion that fuch account or claim w,as or is fraudulent, then fuch perfon fo having claimed, or who (hall hereafter fo claim,

(hall be abfolutely excluded from any compenfation or provi-fion whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Perfonsgiving That in cafe any* perfon or perfons, upon examination upon falfe evidence

1 ■ ^ v	to be liable to

Hosted by Google

Jod	Ahiio	viceGfnb	fckto	Geor&ii Ilf. C.68V \ifi&

the penalties bath before the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of them of perjury. refpe&ively, as before mentioned, (hall wilfully and corruptly give falfe evidence, every fuch perfon fo offending, afnd being thereof duly convi&ed, (hall be and is and arfc hereby declared to be fubjed and liable to fuch pains and penalties as by any law now in being perfons Convidted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjedt and liable to.

VII.	And whereas by the faid aft, made in the twenty-fifth year, cf the reign of his prefent Majefiy, it was enafted, that colonel Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton efquire, fhould and they were thereby directed and required to repair to Nova Scotia, or any other of his Majejlfs colonies in America, to enquire into fuch claims: and whereas the faid colonel Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton efquire, did, in purfuance. of the directions, and for the purpofes mentioned in the faid aft, repair to Nova Scotia, and it is therefore proper that the powers and authorities vefted in them by the Commifiion- faid aft,JJ)ould be continued\ be it therefore enadted. That the faid ers jn theco- colonel Thomas Dundas, and Jeremy Pemberton tiquire, (hall, and timlhey are ^erehy diredled a'nd required in Nova Scotia, or any quire into	other of his Majefty’s colonies in America, to continue to en-

claims;	quire into fuch claims, with the fame powers and authorities

for enquiring into fuch claims as the commiflioners appointed , by the faid recited acts and this prefent ad!, for enquiring into the lofles and fervices of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties, and profeflions, during the late unhappy diflentions in America, in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britijh government, are in* and in cafe of vefted with ; and in cafe the faid commiflioners (hall differ in difference of opinion with refpedt to any claim, then, in fuch cafe, it (hall °e *uire the* ^aw^ f°r	commiflioners	to	call	to their afliftance

a^ftarfee of governor of any colony to which they may judge it necef-the governor, fary to repair; and the faid governor agreeing in opinion with who, in cafe either of the faid commiflioners, (hall decide the matter or quef-of	tlon *n ^^Pute 5 anc* m ca^e	death	°f	either of them the

fioneTTs^to" Thomas Dundas or Jeremy Pemberton, that then the gover-fupoly his nor of the colony, where fuch enquiry (hall from time to time place.	be carried on, (hall be added to and joined with the furvivor of

them the faid Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, and (hall be inverted with the fame powers and authorities as the perfon fo dying is hereby inverted with.

Commifiion- VIII. And be it enabled, That the faid commiflioners, or ersmayap- any two of them, are hereby impowered, if they (hall think point perfons pr0pCr, to appoint, under their hands and feals, a proper per-Amerlcato ^on or Perf°ns t0 repair to any part of the united ftates of enquire into America, to enquire into fuch fadts and circumftances as they fa&s.	may think material for the better afcerlaining the feveral

claims which have been prefented under the authority of the faid adls.

IX. And ivhereas an aft was pajfed in the fifteenth year of his prefent Majefiy^ (intituled, An adt to prohibit all trade and in-tercourfe with the colonies of New Hampjhire, MqffachufeVs

Bay,

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 68.	701

Bay, Rhode IJland, Connecticut, New Tork9 Newjerfey, PenfyU vania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the prefent rebellion within the laid colonies re-fpeclively ; for repealing an ad, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to difcontinue the landing and dijcharging, lading or flipping, of goods, wares, and merchandize, at the town and within the harbour of Bofton, in the prov'mce of Mafiachufet’s Bay; and alfo two ads, made in the laft feflion of parliament, for reftraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the faid ads refpedively mentioned ; and to enable any perfon or perfons, appointed and authorifed by his Majefty to grant pardons, to iffue proclamations, in the cafes, and for the purpofes therein mentioned) ; whereby it was enacted, That all trade and commerce flould be prohibited with the colonies therein mentioned, and that all flips and veffcls of or belonging to the inhabitants of the /aid colonies, together with their cargoes, appareI, and furniture, and all other flips and veffels what fo ever, together with their cargoes, appare/ and furniture, which flould be found trading in any port or place of the faid colonies, or going to trade, or coming from trading in any fuch port or place, flould become forfeited to bis Majefty, as if the fame were the flips and effects of open enemies, and flould be fo adjudged and taken in all courts of admiralty, and in all other courts whatfoever : and whereas veffels, effects, goods, or merchandize, belonging to inhabitants of the faid colonies, who were loyal Jubjeds to his Majefty, may have become forfeited, and may have been adjudged and condemned as lawful prize under the faid commiflion-ad ; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and er8 to enquire may be lawful to and for the commiflioners appointed by this into Ioffes ad, to enquire into Ioffes fuftained in confequence of the faid fuftained in ad, by any fuch inhabitants, who (hall give fufficient proof, to T^nce the fatisfadion of the faid commiflioners, of their loyalty to his ^ Qea ^ Majefty, and attachment to the Britifl government.	c. 5.

X.	And be it further enaded, That, the faid commiflioners Commifiion-fhall, from time to time, at their difcretion, or as often as they ers to give an

•fhallbe thereunto required, and as foon as poflible after the de- *fc?unt termination of their examinations and proceedings, by virtue jng3 j^the* of this ad, without any further requifition, give an account of treafury and their proceedings, in writing, to the lords commiflioners of his fecretaries of Majefty’s treafury, and to his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ^ate*

(late for the time being.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That the lords com mi ffio-Treafury to

ners of the treafury* or lord high treafurer for the time being, pay a,ooo). are hereby authorifed and required to iffue and caufe to be paid miffioner™* all fuch (urns of money, not exceeding two thoufand pounds, to	9

fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiflioners, or any two or

more of them, (hall, by writing under their hands, defire or dired, out of any part of the public monies remaining in his Majefty’s exchequer; which fum fo iffued and paid, (hall be for paying employed for the payment of clerks, meffengers, and other .of- derks, &c. fkers, and in defraying all other neceffary charges in or about Vox, XXXV.	A	a	a	the

Hosted by Google

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III, c. 69. [1786.

th« execution of the powers of this aft, and in fuch manner and in fuch proportions, as (hall be appointed by the faid com-miffioners, or any two or more of them, by writing under their hands and Teals in that behalf, the fame to be accounted for by the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be iffued and paid, according to the courfe of bis Majefty’s exchequer, without any fee or other charges to be taken or demanded for the iffuing and payment of the fame, or on the paffing of the faid accounts, other than fuch fum as the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, (hall appoint; and which money fo iffued (hall not be fubjeft to any tax, duty, rate* or affeffment whatfoever, impofed by authority of parliament.

Commtflion- XII. Provided always, and be it enafted. That any of the cdvThalTpav ^ commiffioners being on half pay, as an officer of the navy on taking the or army* (hall be intitled to receive fuch half pay, notwith-followinfc Handing any compenfation that may be made to him for executing the powers of this aft, on his taking the following oath before fome juftice of the peace, who is hereby impowered to adminifter the fame:

IA. B .do jwear, That I had not, between

any place or employment of profit, civil or military, 'under his Majefiy, befides fuch compenfation as fhall have been or may be made to me as a commijjioner for enquiring into the Ioffes and fervices of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties, and profef-fions, during the late unhappy dijfentions in America, in confequence of their loyally to his Majefiy, and attachment to the Britifh government.

In cafe of the death, &c. of a commif-fioner during the recefs of parliament, his Majefty may appoint another.

Continuance Of this aft.

And the taking the faid oath fhall be fufficient to intitle fuch perfon to receive his half pay, without taking any other oath $ any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or refignation, of any one or more of the faid commiffioners, during the recefs of parliament, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty to nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as he may think proper to fupply fuch vacancy or vacancies; and that every perfon, fo nominated and appointed, (hall be held and con-fidered to be inverted with all the fame powers as are delegated to the commiffioners appointed by this aft.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That this aft fhall continue in force for one year, from the fifteenth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and no longer,

C A P. LXIX.

An aft for defraying the charge of the militia in that part of Great Britain c<vlled England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, '

CAP.

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii,III. c. 70,71.	703.

CAP. LXX.

An a& to rectify a miftake in an adt made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, “ An adt for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix; and for further appropriating the fup-plies granted in this fefiion of parliament.”

The miftake was one million five hundred pounds, inftead of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, which the clerk of the parliaments ftas empowered to redtify.

CAP. LXXI.

An afl for regulating boufesy and other places kept for the purpofe of flaughtering horfes.

WHEREAS the practice of Jlealing horfe$y cowsy and other Preamble, cattle, hath of late years increafed to an alarming degree; and hath been greatly facilitated by certain per fins of low condition, zvho keep houfes or places for the purpofe of flaughtering horfes and other cattle; for remedy whereof\ be it ena&ed by the King’s rood excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent'of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, From July 20, from and after the twentieth day of July, in the year of our 1786, every Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, no perfon or perlon keep-perfons fhall keep or ufe any houfe or place, for the purpofe of Jefjng houfe, flaughtering or killing any horfe, mare, gelding, colt, filly, to take out# afs, mule, bull, ox* cow, heifer, calf, (heep, hog, goat, or licence, &c. other cattle, which (hall not be killed for butcher’s meat* without firft taking out a licence for that purpofe, at the general quarter feflions held for the county, riding, city, town, diftrid, divifion, or liberty, wherein fuch flaughtering houfe or place fhall be fituatej and thejuftices of the peace, at their general quarter feflions aflembled, are hereby authorifed and impowered to grant fuch licences as aforefaid, upon a certificate, under the hands and feals of the minifter and churchwardens, or over-feers, or of the minifter and two or more fubftantial houfe-holders of the parifh wherein the perfon or perfons applying for fuch licence (hall dwell, that fuch perfon or perfons is or are fit and proper to be trufted with the management and carrying on fuch bufinefs as aforefaid: provided always, That, in cafe of the death of any perfon to whom fuch licence as aforefaid (hall be granted, it (hall and may be lawful for the widow, or perfonal reprefentative of fuch perfon fo dying, to carry on the faid bufinefs until the then next enfuing general quarter feflions of the peace.

II. And be it further enacted. That every fuch licence (hall Juftices to be figned by thejuftices of the peace aflembled at fuch general £rant h'cen-quarter feflions, or by the major part of them ; and a copy of are’tobe^ every fuch licence (hall be entered in a book to be kept for that entered &c, purpofe by the clerk of the peace of the county wherein the

A a a 2	fame

Hosted by

Google

J!Q4

the words herein men iioned.

Previous notice to be fent, when horfes, etc. are intended to be fiaugh-tered, to the infpe<5lor, who is to take an

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III, c. 71. [1786.

fame {hall be fo granted as aforefaid 5 and that all and every perfon and perfons (hall have liberty, at all times (Sundays excepted/, between the hours of ten and twelve of the clock in the forenoon, to fearch the office of fuch clerk of the peace wherein any fuch copy (hall be entered or kept, and to make an extract or extracts from the fame, paying for every fuch Perfons li- fearch the fum of fixpence ; and all and every perfon and pe;r-cenfed to affix fons fo licenfed as aforefaid (hall caufe to be painted or affixed, over <*oor or Sate ^ie h°ufe or place where he, (he, of they (h^l carry on the faid bufinefs, in large legible characters, his, her, and their name and names, with the words Licenfed for faugktering borfes, purfuant to an a51 paffed in the twenty-ftxth year of bis majefly King George the Third.

III. And be it further enaCied, That every occupier and occupiers of every fuch licenfed flaughtering houfe or place (hall, fix hours previous to the flaughtering or killing of any horfe, mare, gelding, colt, filly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, (beep, hog, goat, or other cattle, which (hall not be killed for the purpofe of butcher’s meat, and previous to the flaying any fuch horfe,* mare, gelding, colt, filly, afs, mule, bull, ox, account* of cow?	caK> ’<heep, hog, goat, or other cattle, brought

the beafta. dead t0 fuch flaughtering houfe or other place, give notice in writing to a perfon to be appointed in manner herein-after mentioned, as infpedor, to the intent that fuch infpeClor may, upon fuch notice as aforefaid, and before any fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt, filly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, (heep, hog, goat, or other cattle, (hall be flaughtered, killed, or flayed, take an exaft account and defeription of the height, age, (as, near as may be) colour, and particular marks of every horfe, mare, gelding, foal or filly, afs or mule, brought alive for the purpose of being flaughtered or killed, or brought dead as aforefaid, and of the colour and particular marks of every cow, bull, heifer, ox, calf, (heep, hog, goat, or other cattle, brought alivfc or dead for either of the purpofes aforefaid; and no fuch horfe, mare, gelding, foal, or filly, afs, mule, ox, bull, cow, or heifer, calf, (heep, hog, goat, or other cattle, (hall be flaughtered, killed, or flayed, but between the hours of eight of the clock in the morning and four of the clock in the evening, during the months of October, November, December, 'January, February, and March; and between the hours of fix of the clock in the morning and eight of the clock in the evening, during the months of April, May, June, July, Augufl, and September, in every year. Account to IV. And be it further ena£ted, That every perfon fo licenfed be kept, by as aforefaid dial], at the time any horfe, mare, or gelding, colt, the owners of	afs> or mu]e> or any OXj bull, cow, heifer, calf, (heep,

houfes^of fhe	goat, or anY other cattle, (hall be brought for the purpofe

owners of	of flaughtering, killing, or flaying, make, or caufe to be made,

the cattle	an entry in a book, to be kept for that purpofe, in a fair legible

Drought, etc. hand, of the name and names, place and places of abode, pro-feflion and profeffions of the owner* or owners thereof, and alfo of the perfon and perfons who (hall bring the fame to be

" flaughtered,"

Times of flaughtering, etc. H

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 71V	765

flaughtered, killed, or flayed, and the reafon or reafohs Why the fame is brought to be flaughtered, killed, or flayed, which reafon and reafohs, the perfon or perfons bringing the fame is and are hereby required to declare to fuch perfon or perfons fo licenfed as aforefaid ; which book (hall at all times be open for the perufal and examination of the infpeftor and infpeftors to be appointed under this aft; and all and every fuch licenfed perfon and perfons (hall at all times attend with, and produce fuch book before any one juftice of the peace for the county, city, liberty, or place where fuch licenfed flaughtering houfe or place (hall be fituate, when required by warrant or order under the hand and feal of fuch juftice of the peace fo to do, and fhall likewife produce the fame at every general quarteV feflions of the peace which (hall be held in and for the faid county.

V. And be it further enafted, That fuch of the parifhioners, Veftry to ap-as by law are intitled to meet in veftry for the purpofe of point infpec-choofing parifh officers, fhall, in every parifh wherein any fuch tors, flaughtering houfe or place fhall be fituated, annually, or of*, tener, as occafion may require, appoint one or more proper perfon or perfons to be an infpeftor or infpeftors to infpeft every fuch flaughtering houfe and place as aforefaid, to whom all and every occupier and occupiers, perfon and perfons, carrying on fuch bufinefs as aforefaid, fhall, fix flours previous to his, her, or their flaughtering, killing, or flaying any fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt, filly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, fheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, give notice in writing of his, her, or their intention fo to do; and fuch infpeftor or infpec- infpe&or® tors fhall in perfon, or by his or their fervant or fervants, at- duty, tend at the flaughtering houfe or place of the perfon or perfons fo giving fuch notice, and there take fuch account and defcrip-tion as herein-before direfted ; and every fuch infpeftor fhall and is hereby required to keep a book or books, and therein to make an entry of every fuch account and defcription; and every fuch occupier or perfon carrying on fuch bufinefs as aforefaid (hall, for every fuch entry, pay to fuch infpeftor fixpence; and all and every perfon and perfons defiring to infpeft fuch book or books (hall have accefs to the fame at all times, between the hours of eight of the dock in the morning and five in the evening, during the months of Oftober, November, December, January, February, and March, and between the hours of fix of the clock in the morning and eight in the evening, during the months of April, May, June, July, Augujl, and September, in every year, paying to fuch infpeftor, for every fuch fearch, the fum of fixpence, and no more; and every fuch in- ' fpeftor, fo appointed as aforefaid, (ball eaufe.to be painted or affixed over the door of the houfe where he refides, his name, and the words, Infpeftor of houfes and places for flaughtering horfes ; and in cafe fuch infpeftor or infpeftors fhall, upon examination of any horfe, mare, gelding, colt, filly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, (Keep, hog, goat, or othdr cattle,

A a a 3	intended

Hosted by

Google

yo6	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii	III. c. 71; [1786.

intended to be flaughtered or killed, have reafon to believe, or be of opinion, that fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt, filly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, fheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are free from difeafe, and in a found and fer-viceable ftate, or that the fame has been ftolen, or unlawfully come by, he or they (hall have power, and is and are hereby authorifed and required to prohibit the flaughtering or killing of any fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt, filly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, fheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, for any time not exceeding the fpace of eight days; and in the mean time (hall and is and are hereby directed and required to caufe an advertifement or advertifements to be inferted in the Daily Advertifer, or fome publick newfpaper circulated in the county where fuch daughter houfe or place (hall be fituated, twice or oftener, unlefs the owner or owners of fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt, filly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, fheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, fhall fooner claim the fame, to cer-. tify under his, her, or their hand or hands to, or otherwife fatisfadlorily inform the faid infpedtor or infpe&ors, that he, fhe, or they fent or delivered, or caufed the faid horfe, mare, gelding, colt, filly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, fheep, hog, goat, or other fuch cattle, to be delivered to the faid per-fon or perfons fo licenfed for the purpofe of being flaughtered or killed, the expence of inferting fuch advertifement or advertifements, as aforefaid, to be paid by the occqpier or occupiers of fuch flaughtering houfe or place to fuch infpe&or or inspectors ; and in cafe fuch occupier or occupiers of fuch flaughtering houfe or place fhall refufe to defray or pay the fame, and fhall be thereof convi&ed on the oath of any fuch infpe&or as aforefaid before any one juftice of the peace for the county or diftri# wherein fuch flaughtering houfe or place fhall be fituated, he, fhe, or they, fhall forfeit double the amount.of the charge of fuch advertifement or advertifements, to be raifed by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch offender or '	offenders,	by	warrant	under	the	hand	and	feal	of	any	fuch

juftice as aforefaid; and the form of fuch conviction fhall be as follows:

Form of con- a B. is convicted, on the oath of C. D. infpeCfor of houfes and places for flaughtering horfcs, for the parijb of E. in the foradvertife- county ofD.of refusing to pay the fum of	being	the

mcnts of the expence of an advertifement or advertifements (as the cafe may be) infpetfors. inferted in the Daily Advertifer, or fome other publick newfpaper circulated in the county, (as the cafe may be), purfuant to the directions of the flatute in that cafe made and provided.

Given under my hand and feal this

day of	F.	G.

Infpe&ors VI. And be it further enaCled, That it fhall and may be ilauehte^ine lawful to and for every infpedor fo appointed as aforefaid, at houfes at ail times, in the day or night, but if in the night, then in the times.	prefence

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vlcefimo fexto GeoRGII III. €. 71*	707

prefence of a conftable, to go to, enter into, and infpecSt, any houfe or place kept for flaughtering or killing horfes by any perfon or perfons Jicenfed as aforefaid; and alfo any ftable, building, (hed, yard, or place belonging thereto, and then and there to examine, fearch for, and fee if any horfe, mare, gelding, foal, filly, afs, or mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, Cheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are depofited or have been brought there, and to take an account thereof; and all and every perfon and perfons, fo licenfed as aforefaid, having, keeping, or ufing any fuch houfe or place for flaughtering horfes,

(hall, and is and are hereby direfted and required to permit and fuffer any fuch infpe&or as aforefaid, at all times in the day and night, but if in the night, then in the prefence of a conftable, to enter into and infpeft fuch houfe or place, and alfo any ftable, building, (hed, yard, or premifes belonging thereto, and freely to examine, fearch for, and fee, any horfe, mare, gelding, foal, filly, afs, or mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf. Cheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, then and there being, and to take fuch account as herein-before directed.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe any perfon or Perfonsbring-perfons who (hall offer to fale, or (hall bring any horfe, mare, in£ cattle re-gelding, foal, filly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, fheep, an^^ount'Jf hog, goat, or other cattle, to any perfon or perfons keeping fuch themfelves flaughtering houfe, or place as aforefaid, to be flaughtered or etc. may be ; killed, or being dead, to be flayed or fkinned, (hall not be able, carried before or fhall refufe to give a fatisfadlory account of himfelf, herfelf, a iuftice-or themfelves, or of the means by which the fame came into his, her, or their pofiefiion ; or if there (hall be any reafon to fufpetft that fuch horfe, mare, gelding, foal, filly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, fheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are ftolen, or otherwife unlawfully obtained, it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons keeping fuch flaughtering houfe, or place as aforefaid, to whom the fame (hall be brought or offered to fale, and for his, her, or their fervants, agents, or afliftants, and alfo for the (aid infpedlor or infpe&ors, or his or their fervant or fervants as aforefaid, to feize and detain fuch perfon or perfons; and alfo every fuch horfe, mare, gelding, foal, filly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, (heep, hog, goat, or other cattle, fo brought or offered to fale as aforefaid, and to deliver fuch perfon or perfons, as foon as conveniently may be, into the cuftody' of a conftable or other peace officer, who (hall, and is hereby required immediately to convey fuch perfon or perfons before a juftice of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place, where the offence (hall be committed ; and if fuch juftice (hall, upon exami- Jufticesmay nation and enquiry, have caufe to fufped: that fuch horfe, mare, commit fuf-gelding, foal, filly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, (heep,	per"

hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are ftolen or unlawfully ob-, tained, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice to commit fuch perfon or perfons into fafe cuftody, for any .time not exceeding the fpace of fix days, in order to be further examined;

A a a 4	and

Hosted by Google

Perfons Slaughtering horfes, etc. without licence, etc. guilty of felony.

708	Anno	viceftmo	fexto	Georgii	III.	c. 71. [ 1786.

and if upon either of the faid examinations, fuch juftice (hall be fatisfied, or have reafon to believe, that fuch horfe, mare, gelding, foal, filly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, fheep,k hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are flolen, or illegally obtained, the faid juftice is hereby authorifed and required to commit the perfon or perfons, fo bringing or offering the fame to fale,. to the common gaol or houfe of corre<3ion of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place, wherein the offence fhall be committed, there to be dealt with according to law.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any perfon or perfons, keeping or ufing any fuch flaughtering houfe or place as aforefaid, (hall* at any time from and after the twentieth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, flaughter any horfe, mare, or gelding, foal or filly, afs or mule, or any bull, cow, heifer, ox, calf, ftieep, hog, goat, or other cattle, for any other purpofe than for butcher’s meat, or (hall flay any horfe, mare, gelding, foal, filly, afs, mule, bull, cow, heifer, ox, calf, flieep, hog, goat, or other cattle, brought dead to fuch flaughtering houfe or other place, without taking out fuch licence, or without giving fuch notice as aforefaid, or fhall flaughter, kill, or flay the fame, at any time or times other than and except within the hours herein-before limited, or (hall not delay flaughtering or killing the fame, according to the direction of fuch infpedor fo authorifed to prohibit the fame as aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending in either of the faid cafes, being thereof convi&ed, fhall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be guilty of felony, and fhall be punifhed by fine and im-prifonment, and fuch corporal punifhment, by public or private whipping, or lhall be tranfported beyond the feas for any time not exceeding feven years, as the court, before whom fuch offender or offenders Avail be tried and convi&ed, (hall direct.

IX.	And whereas divers ill-difpofed perfons, keeping fuch flaughtering houfes and places as aforefaid, have9 in order to prevent enquiry and detection, made a practice of throwing the hides of horfes and ether cattle into lime pitsy or othervrfe immerfing in or rubbing the fame with lime, or feme other corrofwe matters be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons, keeping or ufing any fuch flaughtering houfe or place as

hides, etc. to aforefaid, (hall, at any time from and after the twentieth day of cuilty erf mif- Ju%h one ^oufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, throw into demeanors, any lime pit or lime pits, or otherwife immerfe in lime, or any preparation thereof, or rub therewith, or with any other cor-rofive matter, or deftroy or bury the hide or hides, fkin or (kins, of any horfe, mare, gelding, colt, filly, afs, mule, bull* ox, cow, heifer, calf, fheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, by him, her, or them flaughtered, killed, or flayed, or fhall be guilty of any offence againft this adf, for which no punifhment or penalty is exprefsly provided or declared, fuch perfon or perfons, being convi&ed thereof, fhall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be guilty of a mifdemeanor, and lhall be punifhed by fine and imprifonment, and fuch corporal punifhment, by

public

Perfons de-ftroying

Hosted by Google

/

1786.] Anno viceftmo fexto Georgii III. c. 71.	709

public or private whipping, as the court before whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be tried and convicted, (hall direct.

X.	And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or perfons, Perfons ma-fo licenfed as aforefaid, (hall make, or caufe to be made, any jjabL^to falfe entry in any fuch book, by him, her, or them to be kept penalty, &c. as aforefaid, of any matter or matters, thing or things, fo requir- *

ed by him, her, or them to be made in fuch book as aforefaid, he, (he, or they, being convicted thereof, upon the oath of two credible witnefles, before any one juftice of the peace for the county, riding, franchife, or diftrict wherein fuch (laughtering houfe or place (hall be fituated (which faid oath the faid juftice is hereby authorised and required to adminifter) (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lefs than ten pounds, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice (the furplus arifing from fuch diftrefs and fale, after the deduction of the charges thereof, to be reftored), one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to be forthwith paid or tranfmitted, by the faid juftice, to the overfeers of the poor, or one of them, for the ufe of the poor of the parifh wherein fuch offender or offenders (hall refide; and in cafe fuch offender or offenders (hall not have effects to the amount of the faid penalty, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice, after fale and application as aforefaid of fuch effects as (hall be found, to commit him, her, or them to the houfe of correction, there to be confined to hard labour * for any time not exceeding three months, not lefs than one month.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That a conviction for any fuch offence, in the tenor or to the effect following, (hall be good, to all intents and purpofes:

BE it remembered,!That on this	day	of Form of con-

in the year	A.	B.

faugh ter ing horfes% is convifled, upon the oaths of C. D. and E. F. „0t paid. two credible wiinejfes, before me G. H. one of his Majeflfs juflices of the peace for the county of	of having	wilfully

made, or caufed to be made> [as the cafe may be], a fatfe entry in the book required by the fatute, in that cafe made and provided, to be kept by the faid A. B. whereby he, \_Jhe^ or they'] has [or have] for* feited the Jum of

Given under my hand andfeal, the day and year above written.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That the book and books of fnfpe&ors all and every the infpector and infpectors of every pari(h wherein hook9 to» be any fuch (laughtering houfe or place (hall ftand or be fituated,

(hall be produced at every general quarter feffions of the peace, fcffions. to be holden in and for the county wherein any fuch licence (hall be granted, and delivered to the juftices of the peace at fuch

general

Hosted by Google

710	Anno	vicefimo	fexto Georgii III. C.yi, [1786.

general quarter feffions affembled, then and there to be exaffiin-ed by them as they (hall think fit.

* rerfons lend- XlII. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or per-tng houfes for fltall occafionally lend any houfe, barn, ftable, or other the purpofe of place, for the purpofe of flaughtering or killing any horfe, mare* flaughtering. gelding, colt, filly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, (heep, hog, goat, or other cattle, which (hall not be killed for butchers meat, without taking out fuch licence as aforefaid, and (hall be thereof convicted before any juftice of the peace for the county, riding, city, town, diftriCI, divifion, or liberty, wherein fuch perfon or perfons (hall refide, upon the oath of two credible witneffes, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit, upon convi&ion, for every fuch offence, any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lefs than ten pounds; one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifti where the offence (hall be committed; and which faid Iaft mentioned moiety (hall, upon payment thereof, be immediately tranfmitted by the juftice fo convicting to the overfeers of the poor of the faid parilh, or one of them ; and in cafe fuch penalty (hall not be forthwith paid, fuch juftice (hall commit the offender to the common gaol or houfe of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month, unlefs the faid penalty (hall be fooner paid; and the form of fuch conviction (hall be as follows, or to the like effeCt:	'

Form of con- T) £ fo remembered, That on this	day	of

thefeklW Cn ^ *	A.	B.	was	conviftedy	upon	the	oaths of two ere-

penalty is not dible witnejfes, before me C. D. one of bis Majejlys juftices of the paid.	peace	for the county of	,	for	occafionally	lending	a

houfe [or place, as the cafe may be],/<?r the purpofe of flaughtering horfeSy [or, as the cafe may be, offlaughtering cattle for other pur~ pojes than for butchers meat], without a licence for that purpofe fir ft obtained, according to the Jlatute in that cafe made and provided.

Given under my hand and feal, the day and year above written.

ACt not to extend to curriers, etc. killingdiftem-pered horfes, &c.

XIV.	Provided always. That this aCt fhall not extend to any currier, felt-maker, tanner, or dealer in hides, who fhall kill any diftempered or aged horfe, mare, gelding, colt, filly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, (heep, hog, goat, or other cattle, or purchafe any dead'horfe, mare, gelding, coir, filly, afs, mule, ox, cow, heifer, calf, (heep, hog, goat, or other cattle, for the bona fide purpofe of felling, ufing, or curing the hide or hides thereof, in the courfe of their refpe&ive trades; nor to any farrier employed to kill aged and diftempered cattle, nor to any perfon or perfons who (hall kill any horfe, mare gelding, colt, filly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, (heep, hog, goat, or other cattle, of their own or other cattle, or purchafing any dead horfe, or other cattle, to feed their own hounds or dogs, or giving away the fle(h thereof for the like purpofe,

XV.	And

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fextoGEORGii III. c.71.	711

XV.	And be it further enaded, That if any collar-maker, Collar-mak-currier, felt-maker, tanner, or dealer in hides, or farrier, or other ers,&c.killing perfon, fhall, under colour of their refpedive trades or occupa- ^Hab^to* tions, knowingly or willingly kill any found or ufeful horfe, penalty, gelding, mare, foal, or filly, or boil or otherwife cure the flefh

thereof for the purpofe of felling the fame, fuch collar-maker, and other tradefman or perfon, fhall be deemed and taken to be an offender within the meaning of this ad, and fliall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lefs than ten pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That it fliall and may be Wjtnefles re-lawful for any juftice of the peace before whom complaint fliall [^5 the'ufti-be made for any offence againft this aft, to fummon fuch per- Cg8 t0 forfeit fon or perfons, other than the party or parties complained iol! againft, as he fliall think proper, to appear before him at a day

certain, then and there to give evidence touching any offence committed againft this ad; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons fhall wilfully refufe or negled to attend, or give evidence touching fuch offence, he, (he, or they fhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds; and in default of payment thereof, or in cafe of inability to pay the fame, (hall ftand committed to the common gaol or houfe of corredion, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month, unlefs the laid penalty fliall be fooner paid.	M.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That any inhabitant of the ^be'deemed parilh where any offence againft this ad fliall be committed, competent fliall, upon any complaint or hearing before any juftice or jufti- witnefles, ces of the peace, or upon any trial or examination by virtue of

this ad, be, and be deemed to be, a competent witnefs, not-\)vithftanding his or her contributing to any of the rates or dues to fuch parilh; or being a poor perfon relieved or relievable by the faid parifti, and entitled as fuch to receive any benefit or intereft from any penalty or penalties to be paid or levied in purfuance of the diredions of this ad ; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons fhall, at any time or times, be fued, molefted, or profecuted for any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons may plead Genera] lffue’ the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his,

her, or their defence; and if upon the trial, a verdid fhall pafs

for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs

fhall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants

fhall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft Treble coils.

fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

712	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 72.	[ 1 jB6j

CAP. LXXII.

An aft for explaining and amending an aft> made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty-j intituledAn a6t for laying an additional duty on hackney coaches, and for explaining and amending feveral ads of parliament relating to hackney coaches.

Preamble. TTTHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made in the twenty-The fares \\ fourth year of his prefent Majeftys reign, (intituled, An ad ^Geo*^ ky for laying an additional duty on hackney coaches, and for ex-plaining and amending feveral ads or parliament relating to pealed. hackney coaches); the Jeveral rates and fares to be talen by hackney coachmen, and perfons legally afting under them, for the hire of any fuch hackney coach, from and after the fourth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, are therein enumerated and fet down: and whereas fitch rates and fares have been found infiuffi-cient to enable the hackney coachmen to pay the duties impofed, and alfif unfatisfaftory to the publick: be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, fo much of the laid recited ad as enumerates the rates and fares to be taken by licenfed hackney coachmen, or perfons legally ading under them, (hall be, and the From Aug. t, fame are hereby repealed; and that from and after the faid firft lowtne^fares" ^ay	every	perfon who is or (hall be licenfed by the

to be taken, commiflioners for licenfing and regulating hackney coaches and viz.	chairs, or the major part of them, to drive, keep, and let to hire,

by the hour or day, or otherwise, any hackney coach, with hor-fes and geldings or mares, within the cities of London and Weft-minfter, or the fuburbs of the fame, or within the parifhes or places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, or any other place or places whereto, by any of the laws now in being, fuch hackney coachmen are compellable to go, or any perfon legally ading under fuch licenfed perfon, (hall be intitled to, and may demand, receive, and take, for the hire of any fuch hackney coach, the rates and fares herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay);

For 1 mile For every diftance within, and not exceeding one mile and and i-4th, is. two furlongs, the fum of twelve-pence:

For 3-4ths of And for every further diftance within, and not exceeding fix ther^d^* furlongs (computed as beyond the faid firft mentioned difSnce For half a of one mile and two furlongs), the fum of fixpence: " mile beyond And for every further diftance within, and not exceeding four the former furlongs (beyond the faid fecond diftance), the fum of fixpence: For ever ^ And *n manner the fum of fixpence for every further half mfie^ diftance within, and not exceeding four furlongs, to be computed further. 6d.	.	through

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fcxto GeorgII III. c. 72,	71$

through the whole diftance which fuch coach (hall be driven or go:

And, as refpefting fuch coaches as (hall be confidered to be anhour, is.;

kept in waiting, the following rates and fares (hall and may bV between

demanded, received, and taken* (that is to fay),	3-4ths	and	an

v	hour,	js.	6d.

For any time, not exceeding three quarters of an hour, one (hilling ; and for any time exceeding three quarters of an hour, and not exceeding one hour, one (hilling and fixpence:

For any time exceeding one hpur,. and not exceeding one hour and twenty minutes, two (hillings; and for every period of time, not exceeding twenty minutes, to be computed from the expiration of the faid firft hour and twenty minutes, the fum of fixpence, to be computed through the whole time during which fuch coach (hall be engaged or employed:

And for a day’s work or hire, reckoning twelve hours to the day, the fum of fourteen (hillings and fixpence; and for any' time, to be computed from the conclufion of the faid twelve hours, fuch coach (hall be confidered as a coach in waiting, the fame (hall be paid for in the manner, and according to the rate aforefaid.

Between an hour, and an hour and ao minutes, as.; and for every ao minutes afterwards,

6d. s

For a day of 1 a hours,

14s* 6d.

II.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore- fxaalngmore faid, That if any fuch hackney coachman, his renter or driver, than thefe (hall exaft or take more for his or their hire than the feveral rates fares to be hereby limited,Mie or they (hall, for every fuch offence, be fub- recovered as je<5b and liable to fuch and the like penalties, forfeitures, and heretofore* punifhments, to be levied, recovered, fuffered, and inflicted, by

fuch perfons, and in fuch and the like manner and form, as by any law or Jaws now are in being, refpefting fuch hackney coachmen, their renters or drivers; and that the feveral rates and fares herein-before mentioned (hall and may be recovered, in fuch and the like manner as the fares of hackney coachmen are by any aft or afts of parliament now recoverable.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, ^revoked^ That if any hackney coachman, his, her, or their renter or when arrears renters, (hall, from and after the faid firft day of Augufi, be in are not paid* arrear of payment of any rent or rents, referved or made payable

by any licence or licences, granted or to be hereafter granted by the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them, for any longer time than is or (hall be expreffed in fuch licence or licences, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them, to revoke fuch licence or licences, and to levy the rents and fums of money referved, and thereby made payable, either upon the goods and chattels of fuch owner or owners, or renter or renters, in fuch and the like manner and form as they may, by any law now in being, dp with refpeft to fuch owner or owners.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons fhail, at any time or times, be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this

u	aft.

Hosted by GOOglC

jri4	Anno	vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 73. [1786.

or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch General iflue. perfon and perfons (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his and their defence; and if upon the trial a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited. Treble cofts. fUch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs,

CAP. LXXIII.

An aft to difcontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home conjumption, and for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britifh fpirits; and for difcontinuing, for a limited time, certain impojts and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the Weft Indies.

Preamble. TX7HEREAS, by feveral afts of parliament, in force at the VV time of the pajfmg of a certain aft of parliament, made in the A€t 24 Geo. twenty fourth year of his prefent Majefly* s reign, (intituled, An adt 3. c. 46,	to difcontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties up-

recited.	on |ow wines and fpirits for home confumption, and for grant-

ing and fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britijh fpirits, as well for home confumption as for exportation; and for deftroying all home made and foreign fpirits, after the condemnation thereof; and for vefting in his Majefty the duties of excife within the lands of Ferentofh, in the county of Invernefs; and for difcontinuing, for a limited time, certain imports and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the Wefl Indies), fun-dry rates and duties were granted upon low wines and fpirits made in Great Britain, for home confumption: and whereas the faidrates and duties were by the faid aft, made in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his faid Majefly, difeontinued for a limited time, and other duties were by that aft granted in lieu thereof for the fame time: and 'whereas it is expedient to difcontinue, for a further limited time, the rates and duties granted by the Jaid afts of parliament in force at the time of the pajfmg of the faid aft of parliament, made in the twenty-fourth year of his faid Majefly* s reign, upon low wines and fpirits, made in that part of Great Britain called England, for home confumption, and to repeal fo much of the faid aft as is hereinafter repealed, and in lieu of the faid rates and duties granted by the faid afts of parliament in force at the time of the pajfmg of the faid aft, made in the twenty fourth year of his fold Majefly*s reign, and of the faid rates and duties fo granted in lieu thereof, to grant unto your Majefly, for the fame limited time, the fever al rates and duties herein?-after mentioned, and hereby impofed, and alfo to provide and enaft the feve-ral powers, authorities, rules, regulations, and provifms herein-after mentioned, for the better raifing, levying, colie fting, and fecuring the faid rates and duties hereby impofed; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

prefent

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 73.'	715

prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the feme.

That, for and during the fpace of two years, to be computed For 2 years from the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, the faid rates and duties, by the faid ads of parliament pjcfcnt duties in force at the time of the palling of the faid ad, made in the to ceafe, and twenty-fourth year of his faid Majefty’s reign, fo granted upon in lieu thereof low wines and fpirits made in that part of Great Britain called duties England for home confumption, (hall be difcontinued, fave only	pa^n viz!

and except in all cafes relating to the recovering any arrears	1

thereof, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto refped-ively ; and that in lieu and ftead of the faid rates and duties fo difcontinued, and of the faid rates and duties hereby repealed, there (hall be raifed, levied, colleded, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the feveral rates and duties of excife following; (that is to fay).

For every gallon of fermented wort or wafh, brewed or made For every for extrading fpirits for home confumption from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the fame, to be paid by the grain, 6d. makers or diftillers thereof, the fum of fixpence:

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other wafh or li- Folj evciJ quor made or brewed from any fort or kind of Britijb materials	or

(except fuch as are before mentioned), or from any mixture Qf wa(h,'frora therewith, for extrading fpirits for home confumption, to be other Britilh paid by the makers or diftillers thereof, the fum of five-pence: materials For every gallon of fermented wort or wafh, made or brewed t*Vm gram* from melafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extrading p0r every fpirits for home confumption, to be paid by the makers or diftii- gallon of lers thereof, the fum of eight-pence three farthings:	wort from

And for every gallon of wa(h compofed of foreign refufed wine gd°r or foreign cyder, or wafh prepared from foreign materials (ex- pjj^every cept melafles and fugar), or any mixture therewith, for extrad- gallon from ing fpirits for home confumption, to be paid by the makers or foreign diftillers thereof, the fum of one (hilling.	winc>&c*IS*

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid duties by this ad impofed (hall be under the re- Duties to be ceipt and management of the commiflioners of excife in England ^anapement for the time being.	^	of the excife.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every diftiller and diftillers, and maker and makers Entry to be of low wines or fpirits, (hall, four days at the leaft before he, j^ade of (he, or they (hall begin to brew any corn or grain, or to mix any	^

other materials for the making of wafh to be diftilled into low working, and wines, make a true and particular entry in writing at the next not to be ufed office of excife, within the limits whereof his, her, or their otherwife workhoufe, ftill-houfe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or other place for fPec^*e<* the brewing, mixing, diftilling, making, or keeping wort, wafti, 1 n low wines or fpirits, is or (hall be fituate, of all coppers, tuns, backs, coolers, ftills, calks, and veffels, which he, (he, or they,

(hall

Hosted by Google

7*6	Anno vicefimo fexto GEoRGir III, Ci 73* ['1.786.

(ball make ufe of for the brewing, mixing, fermenting, working, diftilling, holding, laying, or keeping any wort, wa(h, or low wines, or any fpirits or feints; and in fuch entry (hall infert the day when he, (he, or they (hall intend to begin firft to brew any corn or grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of wort, wa(h, tilts, or other liquor to be diftilled into low wines, and in fuch entry (hall fpecify the particular ufe and purpofe to and for which each fuch copper, tun, back, cooler, (till, calk, and veflel, is intended to be ufed, applied and appropriated ; and no fuch copper, tun, back, cooler, (fill, calk, or veflel, (hall be ufed, applied, or appropriated, to any other ufe or purpofe than that to which the fame is in fuch entry fpecified to be intended to be ufed, applied, and appropriated, and which entry and entries (hall be made out according to the fchedule.hereunto annexed, as the cafe may require; and if any fuch diftiller or diftil-lers, maker or makers of low wines or fpirits, (hall negletft to Penalty on make fuch entry, fpecifying as aforefaid, or (hall ufe, apply, or kamg°toeS" appropriate any fuch copper, tun, back, cooler, dill, calk, or make entry, "veflel, in the way of his, her, or their trade or bufinefs of a diftil-fe*	ler or diftillers, or maker or makers of low wines or fpirits* to

or for any other ufe or purpofe than that to or for which fuch copper, tun, back, cooler, (till, ea(k, or veflel, is in fuch entry fpecified to be intended to be ufed, applied, or appropriated, he, (he, or they (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds, together with all wort, wa(h, low wines, fpirits, feints,’ and other liquors refpedtively, which (hall be found in any fuch copper, tun, back, cooler, ftill, cafk, or veflel, at the time when fuch offence (hall be commited ; and fuch wott, wa(h, low wines, fpirits, feints, and other liquor refpe&ively* (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

Entries not to IV, And be it further enabled by the authoriy aforefaid, whil^dutfes11 That no diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits for are depend- home confumption, (hall be allowed to withdraw or difeontinue ing, etc. his, her, or their entry of any ftill-houfe or ftorehoufe whilft any duty therein (hall be depending, or any utenfils for brewing, Terfons bin-^ fermenting, or diftilling, (hall be (landing; and that it (hall and ma>’	f°r anY °fficer or officers of excife, by night as

IHlbhoufes, 5 well as by day, (but if in the night, then on producing his or forfeit 2ccl. their commiflion or commiffions as fuch officer or officers), to enter, by the ufual or moil: accuftomed doors or paflages, into all entered ftill-houfes, and all other places where utenfils for brewing, fermenting, or diftilling are (landing, belonging to any diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of low wines or fpirits; and if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully obftruft any fuch officer or officers of excife from having free ingrefs and regrefs into and from any fuch entered ftill-houfe, or place, every fuch -perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of two If officers are hundred pounds; and. after any obftrueftion, it (hall and may be obftrutfed,	lawful to and for fuch officer or officers of excife, together with

breLTpen	proper affiftants, to break open by force any doors leading or

1	'	belonging

i}86.] Anno Vicefimo fextd GEdRGit IIL e. yf. f t

belonging to fuch entered ftill-houfe or place, or any of the tvin- (Hll-houSs, dows thereof, or to break through any of the walls, fo far as (half etc* be neceffary for obtaining entrance thereinto: provided always.

That nothing herein contained (ball extend, or be conftrued to Cafes where extend, to prevent the changing of any entry from the name of £ntr’es one owner or proprietor of the entered premifes, to the name of be c ailge * any fubfeqtient owner or proprietor thereof; or to prevent any diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of low wines or fpirits, from changing his, her, or their entry for making of fpirits for home confumption* to an entry for making of fpirits for exportation; or from changing his, her, or their entry for making of fpirits for exportation, to an entry for making of fpirits for home confumption; or from changing his/her, or their entry for the making of fpirits from corn or malt, to an entry for the making of fpirits from melaffes or fugar; or from changing his, her, or their entry for the making of fpirits from melafl'es or fugar, to an entry for the making of fpirits from corn or malt; fo that every new entry, for the refpe&ive purpofes aforefaid, be made on the fame day whereon fuch diftiller (hall have withdrawn or difcon-tinued his former entry; but if the new entry (hall not be made on the fame day in which the former entry (hall be withdrawn, ftch former entry (hall remain and continue in full force.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Wafh back*

That every fermenting wafti-back which, from and after the *° ^ con-firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-(ix,	officer *

fhall be ufed or kept by any diftiller or maker, or diftillers or roay conveni-makers of low wines or fpirits, (hall have a hole or dipping place ently take the in the top thereof, and be fo placed and conftru&ed as that the gauge, on pe-officer of excife may be conveniently enabled to take his dip of na y 0 200 * gauge at fuch hole or dipping place at the top thereof;, and that

every fermenting, or other wa(h-back (hall, after the lit ft; day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, be fa eonftrudted and placed as that the top thereof (hall be under or beneath the level of the charging cock of the waih (till; and if any fuch diftiller or maker, or diftillers or makers of fpirits, (hall keep or ufe any fermenting wa(h-baek without fuch hole or dipping place being at the top thereof, or (hall have, keep, or ufe any fermenting walh-back fo placed or conftru&ed as that the officer of excife cannot conveniently be enabled to take his dip ©r gauge at fuch hole or dipping place at the top thereof, he, fhe, or they (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Notice to be That all and every diftiller and diftillers, and maker and makers given before of low wines and fpirits, (hall, after his, her, or their wa(h-back ^freftTfrn-or waih-backs (hall be quite empty, and before the fame (hall ed, on penalty be begun to be fre(h limed, give or caufe to be given to feme or of 50U

one of the officers of excife, urider whofe furvey he, (he, or they (hall then be, fuch notice in writing as herein-after is .mentioned^ before the particular hour or time when he, (he, or they in* tends or intend to begin to lime fuch wafh-back or wafh-backs*

Vox.. XXXV,	£	bh	(that

Hosted by Google



Penalty of 200I. on per-fons having conveyances ta or from

718	.Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii III. c. 7$. [17861

(that is to fay), he, (he, or they, if within the weekly bills of mortality, (hall give notice, in writing, to feme or one of the officers of excife, under whofc furvey he, (he, or they (hall then be, four hours at lead, or in other parts of Great Britain, eight hours at lead, of his, her, or their intention to begin to lime his, her, or their wa(h-back or wafh-backs; and in cafe fuch didiller or didillers, or maker or makers, (hall not begin to lime his, her, or their wa(h-back or wa(h-backs, at the time mentioned in fuch notice, or within one hour after, fuch notice (hall in every fuch cafe refpe&ively be null and void; and fuch didiller or didillers, or maker or makers, (hall be obliged to give another like notice, in writing, before he, (he, or they (hail begin to lime his, her, or their vva(h-back or walh-backs; and if any didiller or didillers, or maker or makers of low wines or fpirits, lhall begin to lime any fuch wafh-back or wa(h-backs, without giving fuch notice as aforefaid, he, (he, or they, (had forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds for each and every wa(h-back which (hall be fo begun to be limed without fuch notice as aforefaid,	.

VII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no re&ifier or re&ifiers, or compounder or compounders of fpirits, (hall have or keep any opening, fixed pipe, or other conveyance whatever, leading to or leading from any dill or ftiils,not here- ftjlls to him? her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them y permit e . ufe(j ^other than and except one charging pipe, and one hole or opening made according to the form of the datute in that cafe made and provided, to the intent that the gaugers and officers of excife may take gauges and famples), to each fuch dill, nor (hall have or keep any opening, fixed pipe, or other conveyance whatever, leading from any fuch dill or dills, fave and except the difeharge cock to each dill refpe&ively belonging; and if any fuch re&ifier or compounder, or redtifiers or compounders, (hall have or keep any fuch opening, fixed pipe, or other conveyance (not before excepted), leading to or leading from fuch dill or dills, he, (he, or they (hall, for every fuch fixed pipe, opening or conveyance (not before excepted), forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

VIII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the claufes, provifions, redri&ions, powers, authorities, and directions, enadted, provided, granted, and contained in and by an adt made in the twelfth year of his prefent Majedy’s reign, (intituled. An aft for the more effectual preventing of frauds in the revenues of excife, with refpeft to tea, foap, low wines, and fpirits); or in and by an adt made in the fourteenth year of his fai:d Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An aft to extend fa much of ah aft, paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, as relates to difiillers or makers of low wines and fpirits from corn, to every kind of dift liter; .and for the more effeftual feeuring the revenue of excife arifng from low wines and fpirits; and for after taining. the allcvjance to he made to the manufacturers of wool and linen r in 'refpeft of the duties on foap imported and ufed in the woollen

y	and

The provifions contained in

I* Geo. 3. 46;

c.

and 14 Geo. 3*c. 7Ji

Hosted by Google

ij?86.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. jf. ' ^*9

rind linen manufactures \ fo far as the-fame, or any of them, relate relative to the to or concern the providing and affixing fufficient faftenings to ^j^n^Sex-the heads of ftills, wa(h pumps, charging cocks, and difcharge ten^d to ail cocks refpedively, or any of them; or to the providing locks diftiileries. and keys refpedively for fecuring the faid ftill heads, charging cocks, and difcharge cocks refpedively, or any of them ; or to the providing and affixing locks, keys, and faftenings, or any of them, to the furnace doors of any ftill or flills ^ or to the locking, fealing, or fecuring fuch dill heads, walh pumps, charging ''cocks, difcharge cocks, and furnace doors refpedively, or any of them ; or to the opening or charging any ftill or ftills, or giving notice of being defirous to open and charge the fame re-fpedively ; or to the lighting fire under any ftill or (tills, or to the opening any furnace door, or giving notice of being defirous to have any furnace door unlocked ; or for the ufe of fuch locks, keys, and faftenings refpedively; or to the enforcing a due obedience to the faid ads, in refped to the masters aforefaid, under the feverai pains and penalties by the faid acts refpedively in that behalf impofed and infiided for any difobedience or negled concerning the fame; (hall be, and the fame are hereby re-enaded, and are alfo hereby enaded and declared to extend to all furnaces, wath pumps, and ftills of all diftillers and makers of low wines and fpirits whatfoever.

IX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Perfons ufing That all and every redifier and compounder, and redifiers and without compounders of fpirits (hall, at his, her, and their own expence, Charge cocks, find, provide, and affix fufficient locks, keys, and faftenings, to to forfeit 50U be approved of in writing, by and under the hands of the re-fpedive furveyors or fupervifors of excife of the divifion or dif-trid in which fuch redifier or compounder, or redifiers or compounders, ftiall refpedively refide, to the difcharge cock of'all and every ftill and ftills to him, her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them ufed; and the officers of excife [hall, and they afe hereby required to lock and fecure fuch difcharge cocks; and if any fuch redifier or compounder,, or redifiers or compounders, (hall prefume to redify or compound fpirits, before he, (he, or they (hall have found, provided, and affixed fufficient keys, , locks, and faftenings, to be approved of as aforefaid, to every fuch difcharge cock to each and every ftil! to him, her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them ufed, according to the di-redions herein given, or (hall refufe to pay for fuch locks, keys, or faftenings, in pursuance of the diredions of this ad, he, fixe, or they (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Locks, etc. where any locks, keys, or faftenings have been or (hall be pro- t0 be a!te*.e<* vided in purfuance of the faid ads, made in the twelfth, four-	of

teenth, and twenty-fourth years of his faid Majefty’s reign, or the officer, on any of them, or in purfuance of this ad, all and every diftiller penalty of iand diftillers, and maker and makers of low wines, or fpirits, and all and every redifier and redifiers, and compounder and

B b b z	compounder^

jia	Anno	vicefimo	fcxto	Georgii	III. e. 73. [1786.

compounders of fpirits, to whom fuch locks, keys, and fatten-ings refpedtively (hall then belong, (hall, at his, her, or their own expence, from timp to time, and at all times, when required fo to do by the general furveyor, (if fuch diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers, redtifier or redtifiers, compounder or compounders, (hall refide within the limits of the chief office of excife in London), and by. the refpedtive furveyors or fupervi-fors of excife (if fuch diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, redtifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, (hall refide out of the faid limits) of the divifion or diftridt in which he, lhe, or they (hall refpedtively refide, immediately fet about the altering, repairing and amending, and (hall alfo, within a rea-fonable time then next following, repair, amend, and alter according to fuch requifition, all and Angular the faftenings diredted by the faid feveral adts, made in the twelfth, fourteenth, and twenty-fourth years of his faid Majefty’s reign, or any or either of them, to ]pe provided and affixed to the heads of each and every low wine (till and wa(h ftill, wafh pumps and charging cocks, belonging to or ufed by any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, and alfo all and every fuch locks and keys as are by fuch adts of parliament, or any or either of them, diredted to be provided for fecuring the faid ftill heads, charging cocks, and wa(h pumps, and alfo all fuch locks, keys, and - faftenings as are diredted by the faid adts, or any or either of them, to be found, provided and affixed to the furnace door of each and every ftill, by every diftiller and maker of low wines or fpirits for fale, redtifiers and compounders refpedtively ufed, and alfo all and every fuch locks, keys, and faftenings, as are by the faid adt, made in the faid fourteenth year of his faid .Majefty’s reign, diredted to be found, provided, and affixed to the difeharge cock of every wa(h ftill, and of every low wine Jiill, ufed by every diftiller and maker of low wines or fpirits for fale; and if any fuch diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, redtifier or redtifiers, compounder or compounders, to whom any fuch locks, keys, and faftenings, or any or either of them, (hall belong, (hall negledt or refufe immediately to fet about the altering, repairing, or amending the fame, or to repair, amend, or alter the fame when thereunto required according to the diredtions of this adt, he, (he, or they (hall, for each and every fuch negledt or refufal, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds*

Recital of act. XL And whereas, by an aft made in the twenty-third year of the

zi Geo. 3. c. reign of his prefent Majefly> (intituledAn adt for the more eL

1Q*	fedtual	preventing	the illegal importation of foreign fpirits, and

for putting a (top to the private diftillation of Britijh made fpi-rituous liquors; for explaining fuch part of the adt, impofing a duty upon male fervants, as relates to the right of appeal from juftices of the peace; to amend and redtify a miftake in an a ft of the laft feffion of parliament, with refpedt to the removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing yexatio^	againlt officers of excife adting

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGii III. C.73.'	711

in purfuance of the authority given by excife ftatutes), it was enabled^ That the keys of every charging cock, and of every difcharge cock, that JbouU be made ufe of by any dijiiller or maker of low wines and fpirits, whether for fale or for exportation, or by any reblifier or compounder of fpirits^ for charging, or for difcharging and emptying any fill or fills, or other entered utenfil by him, for, or them respectively made ufe of \ fhould be fo rivetted into the cock, of which it was a part, as to prevent the fame from being taken out of the body of the faid cock: and whereas the rivetting the keys of fuch charging and difcharge cocks, in manner dire bled by the faid claufe, has been found inconvenient and inadequate to the purpofes thereby intended; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of Claufe of laft the faid recited claufe, as directs any fuch cocks to be rivetted as in the faid claufe is directed, (hall be repealed, and the fame is hereby repealed accordingly.	repealed. *

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That no diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers or low wines No key to be or fpirits, or rectifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compoun-	*

ders of fpirits, (hall rivet, or caufe to be rivetted, or otherwife examination, faften or caufe to be fattened, any key into any charge or dif- on penalty of charge cock of any (till of or belonging to or u(ed by him, her, 5ol« or them* fo as to prevent the officer or officers of, excife from taking out and examining fuch key; and if any fuch diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compounders, (hall rivet or caufe to be rivetted, or faften or caufe to be fattened, any fuch key, contrary to the diredtions of this adt, he, the, or they (hall, for every fuch key fo rivetted or fattened, forfeit and lofe the film of fifty pounds.

. XIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That no diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of low wines Perfons hav-or fpirits, nor any redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder or com- pipes of pounders of fpirits, (hall have any pipe or conveyance, comma* tion with*** nicating with any worm belonging to any ftill in his, her, or worms, to their cuftody or pofleffion: and if any fuch diftiller or diftillers, forfeit iooI. maker or makers, redtifier or redtifiers, compounder or compounders, (hall have any pipe or other conveyance, communicating with any worm belonging to any ftill in his, her, or their cuftody or potfeffion, he, (he, or they (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XIV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That no diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of low wines No cap, etc. or fpirits, or redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compoun- t0 kePt fo ders of fpirits, (hall, from and after the faid firft day of Auguf , cocks^being* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, have or keep any examined, on iron, or other tap or covering, upon any cock belonging to his, penalty of ^ her, or their ftill or (tills, or to any pipe, back or veffel whatsoever in his, her, or their entered premifes, fo as to prevent the officer or officers of excife from diftindtly feeing and eafily examining fuch cock; and if any fuch diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, redtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compouiidersv

B b b 3	(hall

•jqa	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii III. c. 73. [1785.

(hall have or keep any fuch cap or covering upon any fuch cock, contrary to the directions of this act* he, (he, or they (hall, for every fuch cap or covering fo had or kept, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

, XV. Arid, to the intent that no allowance may be made or permits 'granted' to any. p erf on or perfons, calling themfelves rectifiers or compounders'.y for Jale, but not being known or actual rectifiers and comv pounders, for. any increafe which fuch perfon or perfons may make in his, her,. or their jicck or /locks, by water, fugar, fyrup, fruit, or any other ingredients ; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. No perfons to .That no perfon or perfons (hall be deemed to be a rectifier or he deemed compounder of fpirits within the meaning of this act, who (hall wH6 have ^tC* not ^ave an entered ftill. capable of containing in the body Itrl's of a lefs thereof, exclufive of the head, one hundred and twenty gallons capacity than at the leaft, nor unlefs fuch (fill (hall have fuitable tubs and iro gallons, worms affixed thereto, and (hall be really and bona fide ufed for etc* - f/ {he rectifying of Briti/h fpirits for fale by fuch perfon or perforts'.

• • f*r f . ■	^ XVI. And be it further, enacted by the authority aforefaid*

No perfon to That no wort, wafh, or tilts, or other liquor, or preparation for, remove wort the diffjlling of low wines* or fpirits for home confumpriori* ftrilT before10	into	the ftill, or other wife removed from the back

being gauged, 9T veffef wliprein. the fame was or were fermented, until the on penalty of J^rne ftiall have been gauged, and the duties, hereby impofed aool. etc. charged thereon, by. the proper officer of exrife; and if any dif-tiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, (hall, contrary 16 the directions or this a£t, put into any ftill, or otfierwife remove or caufe to be fo put or removed, any fuch wort, wafh, tilts, or other liquor or preparation from the back or veffel wherein, the fame was or were fo fermented, before the fame (hall have been gauged, and the duties hereby impofed charged thereon, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of twq hundred pounds, and (hall alfo pay double the duty,for ,all the wort, wafh, tilts, and other liquor or preparation fo put intp;;the ftill or removed as aforer find, „	^	‘	#	,

XVII.	And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid. Regulations That qo diftiljer or maker, or diftillers or makers of fpirits (halj relative to ftill pave or ^eep any pipe, conveyance, or opening, leading to his pipes, e c. wa(h ftill, fqve and except the known charging pipe or convey7 ance leading from his, her, or their known and entered wafh ,,	. back Qr backs, and fuch pipe or conveyance (hall empty itfejf

.	in a fhure, open trunk, or veffel; which (hute, open trunk, or

veffel, (hall, be at a diftance not exceeding fix feet from the ftill, and (hall bp pf the following dimenfions; that is to fay, at leaft v	two feet in length, one foot in breadth, and not morp tharr

twq feet in depth ; from which (hute, open trunk, or veffel, the conveyance pipe into the wafh ftill (hall be in a ftraight line, and not concealed from the view of the officer, nor of q greater or larger fize than fix inches diameter in the clear, oq v>m of forfeiting, for every other pipe, trunk^ conveyance, or :	' '	'	1	'	'	’	’ '	‘	; opening^

Hosted by Google

1786,] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGH III. C. 73*	723

^opening, ere&ed, fet up, kept, or continued, contrary to the true-intent and meaning of this adt, the fum of two hundred pounds. ;

- - XVIII. And, to the end that the officers of excife may be Officers to able to, tafte, examine, and afcertain the quality of all wafh, tak? w2rtst?n -worts, or other liquors, intended to be conveyed into the ftill fame.S °r 6 or ftills of all and every diftiller and diftillers, and maker or makers of low wines and fpirits, all fuch officers are hereby im-;powered, as often as to them, or any of them, (hall feem expedient, to take a fampie or famples of fuch wa(h, worts, or other liquors, either in the coolers, wafh-backs, or other veflels whac-foever, before the fame (hall be conveyed into the wafh ftill or ftills, not exceeding twelve gallons at any one time, from each fuch cooler, wafh-back, or other veffel, on paying after the rate rof one (hilling and fixpence by the gallon- for the fame.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That the proper officer of excife (hall gauge all wort, wa(h, and Officers to other liquor, after the fame (hall have been put into the wafh thea^jjUn* ftill, (either for home confumption or for exportation), and gauges, keep in his books true accounts of the ftill gauges of fuch wort,v wafh, and other liquors refpe&ively.

XX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That no wort, wafh, tilts, or low wines, in the pofleflion of Perfons frau-any diftiller or maker of fpirits, diftillers or makers of fpirits, dulently re-(hall be removed or taken away from his, her, or their entered diftillery, nor (hall any wort, wafh* or tilts, be depofited, hid, wort) t0 or concealed, in any place whatsoever, with intent to defraud feitit,^ndios. his Majefty of the duties thereon j and when and fo often as per gallon on any wort, wafh, tilts, or low wines, (hall be removed or taken the quantity* away, or any wort, wa(h, or tilts, depofited, hid, or concealed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, fuch wort, wafh, tilts, and low wines refpe&ively, (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall ;and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife ; and over and befide fuch forfeiture, fuch diftiller or maker, or diftillers or makers, fo removing or taking away any wort, wafh, tilts, or low wines, or fo depofiting, hiding, or concealing any wort, wafh, or tilts, or caufing the fame fo to be removed, taken away, or depofited, hid, or concealed, and the perfon or perfons employed fo to remove or take away, or fo to depofit, hide, or conceal the fame, or who (hall receive the fame,

.(hall feverally forfeit and lofe the fum of ten (hillings for every gallon of wort, wafh, tilts, or low wines fo removed, taken away, or concealed, and. the like fum of ten (hillings for every gallon of wort, wafh, or tilts, fo depofited, hid, or concealed.

XXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every diftiller and diftillers, and maker and makers Penalty of of low wines or fpirits for home confumption, (hall, before he, tHlers^ot* " (he, or they fhall begin to draw off any low .wines from his, chargingwafh ,her, or their wafh ftill, charge the fame with wort or wafh mad^e ftills as herein

B b b 4	from	directed, or

:?n

not work'ng them rff in due time.

,Annp yieefimo fe$tp Gecrgij l\\.	[178&

from malt orco^n, of melaffes or fugar, orwith cyder, perry, or other, liquor, on which the duties hereby impofed arc di»-re&ed to be charged, and (hall have been charged, in the pro* portion of not l$fs than three parts in four of the Whole quan* tity pf liquor which fuch. ftill, including the head, is capable of containing 5. and that all and every diftiller and diftillers, and maker apjcj makers of low wines or fpirits for exportation, (hall* before he., (fie, or they (hall begin to draw off any low wines from his, her, or their vva(h (till, charge the fame with fuefi wort or wafiv in the proportion of not left than four parts in five of the whole quantity of liquor which fuch ftill, including the head>. is capable of containing ; and that every wafh ftill (hall be wqrked off within the fpace of twentyrfour hours, to be computed from the time of the officer’s taking an account of the charge of fuch ftill; end that all and every diftiller and diftillers, and maker and makers of fpirits, who fhall begin to dravy off any low wines until his, her, or their wafh ftill (hall have been fo charged in manner herein-before diredled ; or after having been fo charged, (hall not work the fame off within fuch twenty-four hours, he, (he, or they (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds..

XXI}. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all low. wines (hall, within the fpace of twelve hours after the fame ftiall have been runoff from the wafh ftill, be com-than i* fiours veyed into the low wine ftill, and fhall, within the fpace of the after they have next twelve hpqrs, be drawn off and diftilled into fpirits; and been run pff jf any diftiller or ^Jifliilers, or maker or makers of low wines or ' (pints, Ihall keep ^ny low wines more than twelve hours after, r	the fame ftujl have been run off from tfie wafh ftill before the

fame fhall be put into the low wine ftill, or fhall not, within the fpace of the next twelve hours after the fame fhall have been put into the low. wine ftill, work off and diftil the fame into fpirits, he, (he, or they (ball, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of ten pounds by the hour for each and every hour beyond the time or fpace hereby limited for that purpofe* during which he, (he, or they (hall keep any fuch low wines without drawing off or diftiljing the fame into fpirits.

XXIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Penalty of That all and every redtifier and re&ifiers, compounder and 200I. on rec- compounders of Britijh fpirits, (hall, before he, (lie, or they tifiers who do foeg*in t0 draw off any fpirits from his, her, or their ftill, their	charge the fame in the proportion of not lefs than feven parts iq

herein direct- ten of the whole quantity of liquor which fuch ftill, including ed, or work the head, is capable of containing; and fuch ftill (hall remains and continue fo charged until he, (he, or they (hall begin tq draw off fpirits therefrom ; and every fuch ftill (hall be worked pff within eighteen hours, to be computed from the time of the officer’s taking the gauge of the ftill; and if any rectifier oc compoupder, pr redlifiers or compounders of fpirits (hall begin to draw off any fpirits from his, her, pr their ftill pot fq charged*

pr

Penalty on

keeping low. wines more

them off in due time.

Hosted by Google

7*5

No allowance to be made for any fluid mixed with walh, etc.

Directions of act xi Geo. c. 55. to be followed.

Officers to keep accounts of walh, and give diftiller® the following credits, viz.

1784.3 Auno vicefima fexto Georg 11 III. c. 73.

or (hal} not work off the fame within fuch eighteen hours, he, fti$r or they (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and Jofe the fum of one hundred pounds,

XXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That no diftiller or maker, or diftillera or makers of fpirits for exportation, (hall haye or be entitled to any allowance for or under any pretence of any inereafe by water, or any other fluid mixed with the w$(h put into his, her, or their (till, but the whole charge of fuch ftill (hall be confidered as wa(h; and he, ibe, pr they (hall, in re(pe<5t of the find charge, produce to the proper officer the feveral and refpedtive quantities and proportions of fpirits, fpecified and dire&ed in and by an a<ft made in the twenty-firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, amongft Other things, fpr the better and more effectual fecuring the revenue of excife, and. of theinland duties under the management of the commiffioners of excife, and for preventing frauds therein, under the pains and penalties in and by that a6t directed gnd provided in that hsbalf.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every officer of excife, having any ftill or ftill houfe, or other place ufed for the purpofe of making or diftilling fpirits for home confumption,

Under his furvey, (hall keep exadfc accounts in his books of all wa(h, wort, tilts, and other liquors, whereon the faid duties are hnpofed by this a&; and (hall in his faid books of accounts give unto the feveral and refpedtive diftillers or makers of fpirits under his furvey, a credit according to the following rates or proportions > that is to fay.

For eyery one hundred gallons of wort or wa(h, made or brewed from malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the fame, a credit for twenty gallons of fpirits of the ftrength of pne to ten over hydrometer proof:

For every one hundred gallons of cyder, perry, wa(h, or Other liquor, made or brewed from any fort or kind of Britijh materials, except malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the fame, a credit for fifteen gallons of fpirits of the ftrength aforefaid:

For every one hundred gallons of wort or wafti, made or brewed from melafles or fugar, or any mixture with the fame, a credit for twenty-two gallons of fpirits of the ftrength afore^ faid:

And for every one hundred gallons of wa(h, compofed of foreign r^fufed wing or foreign cyder, or walh prepared from foreign materials (except melafles and fugar), or any mixture therewith, 3 credit for twenty gallons of fpirits of the ftrength gfqrefaid,

XXVI.	And be ft further ena<Sed hy the authority aforefaid, Encreafe of That if, on carting up the flock of any diftiller or maker, or flock, above diftiller* or makers of fpiritsf for home confumption (fuch ma- titvUt<?beformer not being alfp a resftifier), at the aforefaid ftrength of one Mied, and

to alfo 50I.s

For every 100 gallons of wort made from grain,

20 gallons of fpirits :

For every too gallons, made from other Britilh materials, 15 gallons:

For every 100 gallons made from melafles or fugar, 22 gallons:

For every 100 gallons made from other foreign materials, zp galr Ions,

Hosted by Google

7*6

Officers to take ftock of diftillers every 3 months, or when ordered fo to do, and if any unfair encreafe be found, it is to be forfeited and 50I.

Officers to take ftock of rectifiers every $ months, and if an unfair encreafe be found, it is to be forfeited

and job

Annd vitfcfiaio lextd GEORGfii III. c.73. |ftjW*

46	ten over hydrometer proof* any officer or officers of excife (hall find the quantity of fpirits; contained in fuch ftock,* to-exceed the quantity for which the di (falter or maker or diftilifersot makers thereof is or art entitled to fuch credit as aforefaid^ after making the proper dedudfton and allowance for the quantity of fpirits for which pepmits^ftiall have been granted to fuch diftiller or maker, or diftillers ^ makers, then, and in every fuch cife, fuch excefs (hall be deemed and taken to have arifen> and been occafioned by Wort, wafli, tilts, or other liquor not duly charged with the" rates and duties hereby impofed ; and fo much of fuch ftock as. (hall be found increafed, (hall be forfeited 3nd loft, and a quantity equal to the quantity fo found in excefs'(hall and may be feized and* taken by arry officer or officers of excife from and* out of-any part of fuch ftock, and the perfdn and perfons, in whofe ^ftock fuch excefs (hall be found, (hall alfo forfeit and lofe~the fam of fifty pounds. ~

XXVII.	And be itfurther enaded by the authority aforefaid*

That the officers of excife (hall, within' thirty days after the commencement of this* aeftyand fo-afterwards once in every three months at the leaft, and oftener when occafion (hall require, or when dire&ed by any principalor general officer of excite* or by the furveyor or fupervifor of the diftrid, itake an account of the ftock of all diftillers and makers of Britijb fpirits for home confumption, and alfo of the raw of unredified ftock of.all dealers in Britijh fpirits for home confumption (fuch diftillers^ makers, or dealers, not being adual redifiers or compounders of fpirits); and if, on taking fuch account, the quantity of fpir rits found in any fuch ftock, added to the quantity for which permits (hall have beeh granted fince the time of taking the laft preceding account of fuch ftock, (hall be found to exceed the quantity of fpirits found in fuch ftock at the time of taking fuch laft preceding account, added to the quantity fince legally made or received by permit, fuch ftock being caft or computed at the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, a quantity of fpirits equal to the quantity of fpirits fo found in excefs (hall be forfeited and loft, and (h^ll and may be feized-and taken, by the officer or officers of excife who (hall difeover the fame, from and out of fuch ftock; and the perfon or perfons, in whofe , ftock fuch quantity of fpirits fo found in excefs (hall be dif-covered or found, (hall alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds,	.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, within thirty days after the commencement of this a<ft, and afterwards once in every three months at the lead, the officers of excife (hall alfo -take an account of the ftock of Britijh brandy, rectified Britifl) fpirits, raw Britijh fpirits, compounds, and other Britijh fpirits, of every redlifier and compounder of fpirits (whether a maker of fpirits or not); and if on taking fuch account, the ftock fo taken, added to the quantity of fpirits for which permits fhall have been granted to fuch re&ifier or $:omj)ounc)er, fince the time of taking the laft preceding account

qS

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 73.	727

of fuch flock, (hall be found to exceed the quantity of fpirits found in fuch flock, at the time of taking fuch laft preceding account, added to the quantity firice legally made or received by permit, with the allowance of thirty-five gallons on every one hundred gallons fa made or received, calling or computing fuch flock at the flrength of one in eight under hydrometer proof, a quantity of fpirits equal to the quantity of fpirits fo found in excefs fhall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be feized and taken, by the officer or officers of excife who fhall difcover the fame, from and out of fuch flock; and the perfon or perfons in whofe flock fuch quantity of fpirits fo found in excefs (hall be difcovered or found, fhall alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds*	..	;

XXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That for the making unto the re&ifiers and compounders of Rectifiers to fpirits, as well for what .they fhall lawfully make, as for what {j^nceof they (hall lawfully purchafe and receive by permit, a fair allow- gallons in ance for that increafe by water, fugar, fyrup, or fruit which is the 100 for neceffary to render their fpirits fit for confumption, there (hall encreafe by be allowed permits for the fending out any number of gallons, water>etc» Hot exceeding the rate or; proportion of one hundred and thirty^ five gallons of Britijh brandy, rectified Britijh fpirits, or compounds, for every one hundred gallons of Britijh raw fpirits of the flrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which they fhall have received by permit, or lhall have made, according to the regulations and directions of this adt; any thing herein, or in any other adt or adts of parliament, contained to the Contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXX.	And, to the intent that permits, may not he granted for fending out a greater quantity of Briti(h brandy, rectified Britifh fpirits, or compounds, from the flock of any reftifier or reflifiersy or compounder or compounders of Britifh fpirits, than that of one hundred and thirty-five gallons for every one hundred gallons which he, floe, or they Jhall lawfully make or receive by permit, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the proper officers of Officers to excife fhall keep an account in their books with all and every keeP an a<j* the diftiller and diftiijers, maker and makers, redtifier and rec- quantity ofC tifiers,..and .compounder and compounders of Britijh fpirits, as ipirits made, well of the quantities of all Britifl) fpirits which he, fho* or they etc. and for fhall legally make or receive by permit, as of the quantities of which per-all Britijh fpirits for which any fuch officer or officers fhall grant granted -any permit j and when and fo often as any officer fhall be called and if per- * upon or required by any fuch diftiller or diftillers, maker or mits are re-makers, redtifier or redlifiers, or compounder or compounders, quiredfora to grant any permit or permits for the fending out of any Britijh than*3^-brandy, rectified Britijh fpirits, raw Britijb fpirits, Britijh com- ought to be i« pounds, or'ipirits of wine, exceeding the quantity which he, ftock, it may ihe, or they ought to have remaining in flock, fuch officer or bs officers fhall immediately examine, or caufeto be examined, the

flock in hand of fuch diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, redtifier or rediijfkrs? or ppmpouader pr compounders* and whatever

Hosted by Google

j*9	Anno	viccfimo	fexto	Georgii	III;	c. 7p [ 1786.

ever cxcofs (hall be found in flock, fuch excefs (hall be.forfeited and loft, and (hail and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife. .

XXXI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* Spirits not of That no diftiller or diftiliers, or maker or makers of fpirits, the ftrength (hall fell or fend out any fpirits whatever for home confurftption fcribedPto be a Sreater or higher degree of ftrength than that of one to ten forfeited; over hydrometer proof ; and no reCtifier or rectifiers, or com*

pounder or compounders of fpirits (whether a maker or makers of fpirits, or not), (hall fell or fend out any Britijb brandy, Bru tijh rectified fpirits, Britijb compounds, or other Britijb fpirits, of a greater or higher degree of ftrength than that of one in eight under hydrometer proof; nor (hall any diftiller or diftif-Jefs, maker or makers, reCtifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of fpirits, or any dealer or dealers in fpirits, fell or fend out any foreign fpirits of a lower degree of ftrength than that of one in fix gnder hydrometer proof, nor have in his* her, or their cuftody or pofieffion any quantity of foreign fpirits, or Britijb and foreign ipirits mixed together, except fhrub, cherry or rafpberry brandy, of a lower degree of ftrength than as laft aforefaid, upon pain of all fuch fpirits being forfeited and loft; and ail fuch fpirits, together with the calks and veffels containing the fame, (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

XXXII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaCted by But rectifiers, the authority aforefaid. That it (ball and may be lawful to and etc. keeping for any reCtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders fpSts^fcpa- °f fj?ir*ts» an(* t0 an^ for any dealer or dealers in rectified Britijb rate from * fpirits, upon condition.of his, her, or their keeping his, her, or other liquors, their whole (lock of fpirits of wine feparate and apart from his, may fend out her, or their (lock of other liquors, but not otherwife, to de-a greater^ °% mafK* ar*d receive permits for fending out fpirits of wine of any ftrength. higher or greater degree of ftrength than that of one in eight

undpr hydrometer proof to any perfon not being a maker, rectifier, or compounder of fpirits, fo that the whole quantity of fuch fpirits of wine to be fent to any one perfon in the fame day (hall not exceed one hundred and twenty gallons; and the officer granting fuch permit (hall therein exprefs the fame to be double (pints, and (hall debit the (lock of fuch reCtifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, or dealer or dealers, at the rate of two hundred gallons of Britijb fpirits for every one hundred gallons of fpirits of wine for which fuch permit (hall be granted.

XXXIIL And be it further enaCled by the authority afore-Rectifiers not faid. That in all cafes'where the ftrength of any part of the ftrc^th of6	°f anY reCtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compoun-

ix^xedVpirits <fers fpirits, by being mixed with any fugar, fyrup, feeds, on cafks, or fruit, or any other ingredients or materials, cannot be eafily markingthem afCertained by the hydrometer, fuch reCtifier or reCtifiers, of forfdt^the0 compounder or compounders, (hall, upon twelve hours notice feme^and^ol* given him ty fuch officer or officers, caufe the true quantity and *	*	•	degree

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeorgU III. c. 73.	^20}

degree of ftrength of fuch fpirits, fo mixed, to be legibly marked on the outfide of the cafe or cafes, or veflel or veflels, contain-ing the fame refpe&ively ; and if the ftrength of fuch fpirits (hall be found to have been limruly marked by fuch re&ifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders, on the outfide of fuch cafe or cafes, or veflel or veflels, or if he, (he, or they (hall, upon fuch twelve hours notice given as aforefaid, negle& to mark the quantity and degree of ftrength of fuch fpirits, as aforefaid, fuch fpirits, fyro.p, feeds, fruit, and other ingredients, together with the cafes and veflels containing the fame, (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife ; and fuch re&ifier or compounder, or redhfiers or compounders, (hall alfo, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pouqds.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any Britijh fpirits (other than and except raw Re&ified fpi* or unre&ified fpirits, or fpirits of wine* which have been law* ^cuftcrf fully received by permit, according to the directions of this act, dealer or of an act paffed in this feffion of parliament, intituled* An aft not Yre&i-to difcontinue, for a limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scot- for, to be for* land upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, wajb, and other ftron^erthaa liquors there ufed in the dtftillation offpirits, and for granting to his oneTrTeight Majejly other duties in lieu thereof), or any mixture of Britijh under hydro-fpirits with foreign fpirits, (hall be found in the cuftody of any meter proof# dealer or dealers in fpirits, not being a rectifier or compounder

of Britijh fpirits, exceeding the ftrength of one in eight under hydrometer proof, the fame, together with the cafes and veflels Containing the fame, (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of fcxcife.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid^

That if any diftiller or diftiliers, rectifier or rectifiers, com- Spirituous pounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in fpirituous liquors kep^ liquors, (hall have, occupy, or ufe different entered warehoufes .^Paratc or places for the keeping of any fpirituous liquors, or ftrong	r-

waters, and which (hall not be under the. fame roof, or (hall be veyedasfe* feparated from each other by the intervention of any land, pre* parate docks, mifes, buildings, or ctherwife howfoever, the flocks of fpirituous liquors in fuch entered warehoufes or places (hall or mayv if the officer or officers (under whofe furvey fuch flock or flocks (hall be) deem it expedient, be deemed and taken to be feparate ^nd diftinct flocks, and the fame (hall and may be furveyed and kept account of by the officer and officers of excife accord-ingly, in the fame manner as if the fame belonged to different perfons.

• XXXVI. And* to the. intent that the officers of excife may the more conveniently examine intoy and give proof (if neceffary) of the ftrength and quality of any Briti(h fpirits for home confumption, be it Perfont Wa* further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excife, at all fampfes, pay-times, to take any (ample or famples, not exceeding four gal- mg for the Jims refpedively, of any fpirits wb^fb^ver, at any

Hosted by Google

Spirits produced from ftills at work when ftocks are taken, to be afterwards added.

Penalty on uflng calks not entered or gauged, etc.

Perfons not filling up Calks on notice of Turkey, or not

Anno vicefimo fe^to Georgii III. c.73. [ijSfi,

In the cuftody or poffeflion of any diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, reCHfier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of fpirits, or dealer or dealers in fpirits, paying for fu£h fample or famples, at and after the rate of feven (hillings by the gallon for fuch fample or famples of Britijh fpirits, and at and after the rate of thirteen (hillings by the gallon for fuch fample or famples of foreign fpirits: and if any perfon or perfons whatsoever (hall obftruCt or hinder any fuch officer or officers in the taking any fuch fample or famples, fuch perfon or perfons (hall* for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any (till (hall happen to be charged, and at work at the time of fuch officer’s taking account of the ftock of any diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders of fpirits, to whom fuch (till (hall belong, then, and in every fuch cafe, all the fpirits produced from that charge of the (till (hall be kept feparate and apart from the reft of fuch ftock till the account of the reft of fuch ftock (hall have been completely taken, after which the fpirits produced from that charge (h?ll be added to fuch (lock.

XXXVIII.	And, for enabling the officers of excife the more readily to take the feveral accounts by this a51 diretted\ be it further enadted, That all (landing or fixed cafks ufed for the keeping in ftock of any Britijh brandy, rectified Britijh fpirits, raw fin-tifh fpirits, Britijh compounds, or other fpirits, (hall, on or'before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, or if ereCted or fet up after that time, then before the fame (hall be made ufe of, be entered at the proper office of excife, and be truly gauged and inched to the fatisfaCtion of the proper officer or officers of excife, upon pain of forfeiture, by the owner or owners thereof, of the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch cafk which (hall be ufed without having been duly entered, gauged, and inched, as aforefaid, and alfp of every fuch cafk, with the liquor contained therein; and that every moveable cafk ufed for the fending out or keeping of Britijh brandy, rectified Britijh fpirits, raw Britijh fpirits, Britijh compounds, or other, fpirits, by any maker, reCtifier, compounder, or dealer in Britijh fpirits for home confumption, (hall have its full meafure in gallons, or the quantity of liquor it is capable of containing, legibly painted or cut on fome confpi* cuous part thereof, upon pain that the owner of any moveable cafk fo ufed, not having fuch full meafure or fuch quantity painted or cut, or the perfon fending out the fame, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds for every fiich' default, omif-fion, or offence,

XXXIX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That if a previous notice of twelve hours in writing be given or left, hy the officer or officers of excife under whofe furvey any diftiller or diftillers, reCtifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers'in, Britijh fpirits, (hall

at

Hosted by Google

iy86.J Anno vicefimo fexto'Georgii. III. c. 73.'

at any time be, of fuch officer dr officers intention to take an account of any ftock of Britijh brandy, rectified Britijh fpirits, raw Britijh fpirits, Britijh compounds, or other fpirits refpec-tively, of or belonging to any fuch diftiller or diftillers; reCtifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of, dr dealer or dealers in, Britijh fpirits, fuch diftiller or diftillers, reCtifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in, Britijh fpirits, (hall, within fuch twelve hours, fill up, or caufe to be filled up, all and every his, her, or their moveable cafks or utenfils containing any Britijh fpirits, and which (hall not be completely filled at the time of fuch notice being given, fave and except that one of fuch moveable cafks or utenfils may remain on ullage with Britijh brandy therein, another thereof .on ullage with rectified Britijh fpirits therein, another thereof on ullage with raw Britijh fpirits therein, another thereof on ullage with Briti/h compounds therein, and another thereof on ullage with fpirits of wine therein ; and fuch diftiller or diftillers, rectifier or reCtifiers, compounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in, Britijh fpirits, (hall alfo feparate all fuch moveable cafks and utenfils Containing Britijh brandy, from all other cafks and utenfils whatfoever, and keep the fame fo feparated for the fpace of fix hours: next after the; expiration of fuch twelve hours; and.(hall in like manner feparate all fuch moveable cafks and utenfils containing rectified Britijh fpirits from all other cafks and utenfils whatfoever, and in like manner keep the fame fo feparate for the^fpace of fix hours next after the expiration of fuch twelve hours; and (hall alfo in like manner feparate all fiich moveable cafks and utenfils containing raw Britijh fpirits from all other cafks and utenfils whatfoever, and in like manner keep the fame fo feparate for the fpace of fix hours next after the expiration of fuch twelve hours; and fhall in like manner feparate all fuch moveable cafks and utenfils containing Britijh compounds from all other cafks and utenfils whatfoever, and in like manner keep the fame fo feparate for the fpace of fix hours next after the expiration of fuch twelve hours; and fhall in like manner feparate all fuch moveable cafks and utenfils containing fpirits of wine from all other cafks and utenfils whatfover, and in like manner keep the fame fo feparate for the fpace of fix hours next after the expiration of fuch twelve hours; to the intent that fuch officer may be able to take fuch ftock with the greater eafe and certainty ; and if fuch diftiller or diftillers, rectifier or reCtifiers, compounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in fpirits, fhall or do, after fuch notice, negleCt or refufe to fill up, or caufe to ,be filled up, any fuch moveable calk or utehfil, -according tp the directions of this aCt, or (hall negleCt ©f refufe to feparate all.fuch moveable cafks and utenfils con** raining fuch Britijh brandy, rectified Britijh fpirits, or Britijh fpirits, Britijh compounds, and fpirits of wine refpeCtively, or to keep the fame feparate from all other cafks and utenfils whatfoever, according to the directions of this aCt, fuch diftiller or diftillers, reCtifier or. reCtifiers, compounder or compounders of.

rc*

keeping different forts of* fpirits feparate, to forfeit rool.

Hosted by Goo<

73*	Anno	vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c; 73; [1786.

or dealer or dealers in fpirits, (hall, for each and every fuch of* fence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds*'

XL. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Particulars That in every permit for the removal of any raw Britijh fpirits, In permits.^	^	anc*	truty fpecified immediately after the

p * name of the perfon out of whofeftock fuch fpirits (hall be fent* whether fuch perfon be a diftiller or maker, or a redtifier, or a maker and redtifier, or a dealer in fpirits ; and that no permit, (ave only the permit from the adtual diftiller or maker of fuch raw fpirits in England (fuch diftiller or maker not being alfo a re&ifier for home confumption, or a compounder of fpirits), and the permit accompanying Britijh fpirits, whether raw, rec* tified, or compounded, legally brought from Scotland, (hall carry with it, or intitle any redtifier or compounder, or dealer, to any allowance for the fame in flock beyond the adtual quan* tity of the fpirits removed by virtue of fuch permit: provided Notice of the always, that every dealer or dealers, redtifier or redtifiers, com* receipt of fpi- pounder or compounders, after receiving any redtified or com-fromScofland P?un(kd fpirits legally brought from Scotland, (hall be obliged, to be given; within twenty-four hours after the receipt of fuch fpirits, to and if not * give notice thereof to the proper officer, who is hereby obliged, properly re- within twenty-four hours after fuch notice, to attend to fee forfeited0 bC	*Pir*ts	educed to the ftrength as by this adi provided for

fuch redtified or compounded fpirits as aforefaid; and if fuch redtifier, compounder, or dealer, (hall refufe or negledt, at the requeft of the officer, to reduce fuch fpirits as aforefoid, fuch fpirits (hall be feized, forfeited, and loft,

XLI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid* Mode of ap- That all perfons intitied to or demanding any permit for the permits0 and removal of Britijh brandy, rectified Britijh fpirits, raw Britijh penalty’on	fpirits, fpirits of wine, or Britijh compounds, for home con-

neglect. fumption, (hall in the requeft note fpecify the refpedtive trades or callings, fpecifying whether they are diftillers, redtifiers* compounders, or dealers in Britijh fpirits, and alfo the quantity of each fuch refpedtive fort of Britijh fpirits intended to be removed, (and if fuch perfon or perfons (hall have, occupy, or life di fferent entered warehoufes or places for the keeping of any Britijh fpirits, and which (hall not be under the fame roof, or be feparated from each other by the intervention of any land* premifes, or buildings, or otherwife howfoever, from what particular warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, (hop, cellar, vault* or other place, the fame is intended to be removed), and to whom* the fame is intended to be fent; and fuch requeft note (hall* alfo fpecify whether fuch Britijh fpirits, fo intended to be re* moved, are Britijh brandy, redtified Britijh fpirits, raw Brkijk fpirits, fpirits of wine, or Britijh compounds* and (hall alfo diftinguifh raw Britijh fpirits made from corn from raw Britijh fpirits made from melafles orfugar, or any other materials, afid* (hall alfo fpecify the contents of the feverai cafks, veflels^ and other packages containing the fame, and by what mode of con-* veyance the feme is intended to be fent, and whether by land

Hosted by Google

I

iftSJ] Arifto tfce&fad fekto 6$o®&ii Ilf, c; f j;	f

or by water ?■ and tin permit (hall tie Valid or of any effet^y the fame (hall be granted on any requeft note not made conformable to the directions of this a<5t; and allfuch ifpirits which (hall be removed under a description not conformable to this a&, or under any' falfe defcription, together with the caflcs, veffels, and other packages containing the fame, and the horfes, cattle, carrs, and other carriages ufed in the removal thereof,

(hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be fei&ed by any officer or officers of excife.

XLH, And be it further enafted, That every permit to be Permits to granted by any officer of excife, for the removal of any Britijb correfpond fpirits, fhall be fhade to correfpond, in refpedl to the particulars note^and to aforefaid, with therequeft note whereon the fame (hall be grant- delivered ed, and fuch permit (hall be fent and delivered with fuch fpirits to the buyer, unto the buyer thereof, upon pain that fuch fpirits (hall (;if the on penalty of fame be not feized in the tranfit for want of a lawful permit ac-companying the fame), be forfeited to the buyer thereof, and et^ pin * the feller rendered incapable of recovering the fame,.w the Value or price thereof, in any court of law or equity $ and alfo that the feller (hall, over and befiderthe lofs of the faid: fpirits, forfeit and lofe double the value of or price agreed to be paid fot the fame, including the duties, and that the evidence of the buyer or perfon receiving the faid fpirits (hall, as to fuch forfeiture of double the value or price, be admitted to prove that the fame were delivered without a lawful permit.

XLIII. Provided always, and beitena&ed by the authority if it be proved aforefaid, That when any fuit or atftioh fhall be commenced, that a permit -or any information filed or exhibited either againft rhe feller for !vas obtained recovery of the forfeiture of fuch- double value or price* or againft the buyer for the recovery of the faid fpirits, or the va- they (hall be lue thereof; and upon the trial or hearing of any fuch fuit, sc- deemed to tion, or inforrnatioh refpe&ively, the delivery of a proper per-mit to the buyer (hall become a queftion, it fhall be ftifficient for the feller to prove that a lawful permit was duly obtained by p * ** him for the removal of fuch fpirits into the flock of the buyer thereof, and that there had been a fuifable decreafe in^ the feller’s, flock to anfwer the quantity of fuch fpirits fo removed and delivered ; and upon making out fuch proof, fuch fpirits (hall be adjudged to have been fent out and delivered with a lawful permit, according to the'true intent and meaning of this adl: provided alfo. That no buyer of any fuch Brittfh fpirits fhall Buyers prefer avail himfelf of any fuch forfeiture as aforefaid, unlefs fuch buyer	for

fhall, within fourteen days next after the delivery of the faid fpirits to him, her, or them, exhibit a complaint or informa- vered without t:on before the commiflioners of excife or judices of the peace, permits, to having jurifdi6Uon in that behalf, and forthwith profecute the exhibitcom* fame with effect ; and when any fuch buyer fhall, before the de-	**

livery of fuch fpirits, have actually paid for the fame, and fhall y * profecute the feller for the faid penally of double the value, and fhall recover the fame, then, and in fuch cafe, theTaid buyer fhall and may hav£ and maintain his a$ion upon the cafe ar Vol. XXXV,	Gcc	common

Hosted by Google

’^4	Anna	vScefimo	fexto	Georgh	IIL	€<73,	[1	f&6.

Common law againft fueh feller for the money fo paid, or for fa much-money had and received by the defendant for the plaintiff's ufe ; and upon obtaining a yerdidt in fuch action, the plaintiff (hah alfo recover cofts of fuit^ .

XLIV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Benomirra- That ail; Britijh fpirits of the third extra&ion, or which have of different^8 ^een tw^Ce diftilled from low wines, and have had any flavour diftillatio»8r communicated thereto, and all liquors whatfoever which (hall be mixed or mingled with any fuch fpirits, fhall be deemed and r	taken to be Britijh brandy within the meaning of this ad ; and

all Britijh fpirits of the third extraction, or which (hall have been twice diftilled from low wines, and have had no flavour communicated thereto, and all liquors whatfoever which (hall be mixed or mingled with any fuch fpirits, (hall be deemed and taken to be re&ified Britijh fpirits within the meaning of this act; and all Britijh fpirits of the fecond extraction, or which (half have been once diftilled from low wines,, and all liquors whatfoever which (hall be mixed or mingled with any fuch fpirits, (hall be deemed and taken to be raw Britijh fpirits within the meaning of this act; and all Britijh fpirits which (hall have been diftilled with juniper berries, carraway feeds* anice feeds, or anyothfcr feeds, preparation or ingredient whatfoever* u fed in the compounding of fpirits, and all liquors whatfoever which (hall ;be mixed or mingled with any fuch Britijh fpirits, (hall be'deemed and taken to be Britijh com-), ,	pounds within the meaning of this act ; and all Britijh fpirits

of a greater or higher degree of ftrength than one to two over 4	*	hydrometer	proof,	(hall be deemed and taken to be fpirits of

Pfoofoffpi- wine within the meaning of this act .; and if any-queftjon (hall rits removed, arife whether- any fpirits* removed by any permit ;are bona fide defcribed in8	Bfitijb brandy,	redtified fpirits, raw fpirits, fpirits of wine,

the permit, to or compounds, as are defcribed and fpecified in the permit ac-He upon the companying: the fame, or granted for the removal thereof, air owners. though fuch fpirits (hould appear to have been kept in the officer’s books, or account of the dock from which fuch fpirits w£rei'removed, by the fame name or defcription as is fpecified in : flich . permit, the proof of fuch fpirits being really and bom, fid&\of;ithe fort fpecified in fuch permit, (hall^be upon the owner or claimer thereof* by the oaths of two credible witneffes, being (kilful and experienced peffons competent to decide by-ex-.	aminafion	thereof.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore--Perfona frau- faid, That if any diftiller* maker, rectifier, compounder* or retaiIer> or diftillers,, makers, rectifiers, compounders, or re-ini fpirits,Cto tailers- of Britijh or foreign fpirits, or any dealer in Britifix or* forfeit their foreign fpirits, (hall, after the firft day of Februaryy one thou- -licences, fand feven hundred and.eighty-feven, be convicted of the offence of fraudulently making, or of having ki his, her, or their poffefBon, any fpirits whatfoever, Britijh, or foreign, without • having received a legal permit with the f§mp, and it (hall have a	- y	appearqi

Hosted by Google

1786;J	Anno vicefimo fe£to GfoRGli llL C; 73.'	735;

appeared in proof, to the fatfsfaction of the commiffioners of excife, or juftices of the peace before whom fuch conviction (hall be made, that the offence was knowingly anti wilfully committed by the party convicted of the fame, which fact of fuch offence being knowingly and. wilfully committed fhall b« fet forth in, the record of fuel) conviction; in'every fuch cafe* the offender or offenders, t (over and befides all other penalties incurred by-Jaw ) (hall forfeit and be debarred from ail future benefit ; arid advantage of his or their fubfi fling licence or licences for making^ rectifying, or vending any fpirits or other 'liquors 5 and, if, fpeh offender (half be a maker, diftiller, rectifier, or compounder of fpirits, or wholefale dealer in fpirits* his or her entry 0$ entries, licence or licences' for the making*, rectifying, compounding, or vending of fpirits, (hall be void, and no nevsf pr frefh licence fliall be granted to fuch perfon for the fpace of one month*	.	.

... XLVL And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, kegiiiations That no maker, reCtifier, or compounder, or makers, reCti- relative to the fiers, or compounders of fpirits, (hall receive into his,, her, or ^ °f veffels their cuflody or poffefiion, any raw-Britijh fpirits in any calk or r^fpirhs^^ veffel of a lefs fize or content than that of one hundred gal- and times of Ions at , the leaft;; nor fhall any diftiller, rectifier, or com- rectified fpi-, pounder, or diftiijers, rectifiers, or compounders of fpirits, nor nts any dealer or dealers in fpirits* receive into his, her, or their receiV€ * cuftody or poffeffion any Britify brandy, rectified Britijh fpirits, raw Britijh -fpirits, Britijb compounds, or fpirits of wiffe, at .any other time than between the hours herein-mentioned; (that is to fay), from the twenty* fifth day of March to .the twenty-	1

ninth day of September, both inclufive, between the hours of Aye in the morning and feven in the evening, and from the thirtieth day of September, to the twenty-fourth day of March * both days inohifive, between the .hours of feven in the morning and fix in the evening ; and when and fo often as any raw Penalty oirre-Britijh fpirits. ' (hall: be received in any calk or veffel of a lefs ceiving fpirits content or fize than fuch as is before mentioned; or if any fuch *n improper diftiller* reCftfier, compounder, or dealer, or diftillers, reCti- {^properat fiers, compounders*:;or dealers, (hall fo receive. any Britijh hours.

:brandy, rectified Britijh fpirits, ra:w Britijh fpirits, Britijh compounds, or fpirits 'of wine, at any other time than is hereinbefore for that purpofe limited, he, (he, or they fhall, for each and every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds ; andall fuch Britijh brandy, rectified Britijh fpirits, raw Britijh {pimtSy Britijh compounds, and fpirits of wine, which fhall be foreceived contrary to the prohibition herein-before in that be-, half made and contained, together with the cafks and veffels containing th§ fame, and fuch Britijb. brandy, rectified Britijh fpirits, raw Britijh fpirits, Britijh compounds, cafks, and veffels, fhall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife*

XL VII. And whereas a manufacture of fpirits, commonly called Maidftone Geneva3 is efablijbed at Maidftone, in the county of -

Cccz	Kent*

Hosted by Google

73$	Anno	Vicefimo	fexto	Georgii III. c; 73.	[ 1786.

Kent, by George Bilhop of that place, which manufaClure is ef-Jentially different frqm any ether manufacture of fpirits in Great Britain, as well with refpeCt to the, quality of the liquor as to the procefs by which it is made: and whereas the [aid manufacture re* quires fo large a proportion of waft) to produce a given quantity of feaure^of fP*r*ts* as t0 ren&er u impofftble to continue the faid manufacture, if Maidlionc ge- rates °f duties herein before prefmbed by this ad be collected on neva to pay each gallon of waft) ; be it therefore further enacted by the au-88. for every thority aforefaid, That, during the continuance of this

there (hail be paid by the faid George Bijbop, for every feventy-two gallons of wa(h which he (hall produce from a weight of malt, or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, the fum of eighteen (hillings, being at the rate of three-pence per gallon. <

XLVIIL And be it further enaded by the authority afore-corn, a credit That for every one hundred and twelve pounds weight of to be allowed malt, or other corn, before the fame is Separated from the bran of eight gal- thereof, fo ufed by the faid George Bijbop, he (hall be allowed a ’ o^one in**nt8 cre^'t> t^e books of the proper officer or officers of excife, of feven under not more than eight gallons of fpirits, at the ftrength of one in feven under hydrometer proof.

XLIX. And be it further enatfed by the authority aforefaid. That the faid George Bijbop (hall not fell of fend out any fpirits whatsoever, of a greater degree of ftrength than that or one in feven under hydrometer proof; and if the faid George Bi/hop (hall fell or fend out any fpirits whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a6t, fuch fpirits, together with the calks and veffels containing the fame, and the horfes, cattle, carts, and carriages m^de ufe of in tire removal thereof, (hall be forfeited and loft, and fhall and may be feized by any officer cr officers of excife. 1	—	;

L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Undue excefs That if on calling up the (lock of the faid George Bijbop, the of ftock to be 0fficer Qf excife (hall find the quantity of fjMtife contained in fuch (lock, to exceed the quantity for which the faid George Bijbop is entitled to credit, at the ftrength of ©W in feven under hydrometer proof, after deducing and allowing for the quantity of fpirits for which permits (hall have been granted to the faid George Bijbop, then, and in every fuch cafe, the exeefs found (hall be forfeited and loft, and (haftl and may be Seized by any officer or officers of excife.

LI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid^ That before the faid George Bijbop (hall make ufe of any malt cr corn, for the purpofe of making any wort or wafh, he (hall give twelve hours notice in writing to the proper officer of excife, of his intention to ufe the fame, in order that the faid officer may attend to weigh fuch malt or corn ; and if the faid George Bijbop \hall negledt to give fuch notice as aforefaid, he (hall, for every fuch neglect, forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds*

III. And

gallons of wafh made from not more than nalb. of corn.

For every nalb. of

hydrometer

proof.

If fpirits be Wronger than one to feven under hydrometer proof, they are forfeited.

forfeited.,

Notice of making wort at the faid manufactory to be given, on penalty of aoo !•

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. fc. 73.	737

■XII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That for the purpofe of enabling the proper officer of excife to A ftill to be afcertain the ftrength of the wa(h oa which the duty as afore- provided at faid (hall have been charged, the faid George Bijhop (hall provide nu^aor^to in his diftillery Houfe at Maidfione aforefaid, a/mall ftill with a enable the worm and tub compleat, of a iize fufficient to diftill at one time officer to af-twenty-four gallons of wafh, and which quantity of wafh fuch certain the officer is hereby impowered to take and diftill for the purpofe	°*

aforefaid, when and as often as he (hall think fit; and if twenty-four gallons of wafh fo diftilled (hall be found to produce more than two gallons and three fourth parts of a gallon of fpirits, at the ftrength of one in feven under hydrometer proof, then the whole quantity of wafh from which fuch twenty-four gallons were taken, (hall be charged with a duty of one (hilling per gallon.

Lilt. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon or perfons actually occupying any houfe, Occupiers of whether he, (he, or they be the owner or renter, or owners or houfes, per-renters thereof, or not, (hall knowingly permit any private back or ftill to be fet up or ufed in any part of fuch houfe, or without eiT-in any building thereto belonging, by any perfon or perfons try and li-whomfoever for the making or wort, wafh, or other liquor for cence, fubjeCt diftillation, or of any low wines or fpirits, without a due entry t0 th<- like being previoufly made thereof at the proper office of excife, or unHcenfed8 without having taken out a legal licence for that purpofe, fuch diftillers. occupier (hall incur and be fubjeCt: to the fame pains and penalties as are by law directed to be inflicted op perfons actually ufing any fuch back or ftill.

LIV. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That no Retailers of perfon licenfed to fell brandy or other fpirits by retail, or felling fpirits to for-brandy or other fpirits by retail, (hall be the proprietor or owner ^ a£ave an of any diftillery or rectifying houfe, or have apy part or (hare in J^e oTany * any diftillery or rectifying houfe, or be in any manner con- diftillery. cerned in the trade or bufinefs of a diftiller, reCtifier, or compounder of fpirits; and if any fuch perfon fo licenfed, or fo felling brandy, rum, or other fpirits, by retail, (hall be the proprietor or owner of any diftillery or rectifying houfe, or have any part or (hare in any diftillery or rectifying houfe, or be in any manner concerned in the trade or bufinefs of a diftiller, reCtifier, or compounder of fpirits, fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and dofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

LV. And whereas great frauds have been committed by perfons carrying on in the fame premifes the joint bufinefs of a vinegar-maker from melaffes. or fugar, and difiiller of fpirits from wa/b or wort made from melaffes or fugar, or the joint bufinefs of a vinegar •maker from melaffes or fugar, and a rectifier or compounder of fpirits; for the preventing thereof in future, be it further enaCted, That, Vinegar-mak-from and after the firft day of February, one thoufand feven ers not to hundred and eighty-feven, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon ^famVore. parrying on the trade or'bufinefs of a vinegar-maker from me- mifes a diftil-*

C c c 3	lafles	lery.

Hosted by Google

73§	Anno	vicefimo	fcxto	Georgii	IIL	c.	73.	[178-6;

Uffes or fugar, or from any other materials, except malt or corn, to carry on, either alone or in partnership, the trade or bufinefs of a diftiller, or maker or rectifies of fpirits, in the buildings or premifes in which fuch perfon (hall carry on the trade of a vinegar-maker from any other materials than malt or corn, or within the diftance of two miles thereof, and that all entries made for the carrying on the trade or bufinefs of a diftiller, or maker or reftifier of fpirits, contrary hereto, (hall be null and void.

LVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. From Aug. i, That before any perfon of perfons (hall be intitled, after the firft tries of^vine	one	thoufand	feven	hundred	and	eighty-fix,	to

gar-makers to'carry on ^ie trac^e a vinegar-maker, he, (he, or they (hall be void, un- make an entry with the proper officer of excife of the brewhoufe, lefs therein be buildings, yard, or place for the carrying on fuch trade, and that mateH^als ^ *n ,uch ahd a^ future entries made by any vinegar-maker or frotii-1*which vinegar-makers, it fhall be declared and fpecified whether he, the vinegar is (he, or they be a maker or makers of vinegar from malt or corn, jmade.	or from melafles or fugar, or from any and what other mate-

rials; and that every entry not conformable thereto (hall be void ; and that all entries made by vinegar-makers on or before the faid firft 'dayof Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, (hall, from and immediately after that day, become void, and be no longer in force.

LV1I. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. No mixed That'no perfon or perfons: whaffbever fhall felL.onfend out any fpirits to be Britijh fpirits mixed with foreign fpirits from their warehouses, createrVuan- ft°rehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults,: (beds* or other* titv than four places to him, her, or them- belonging, in any greater quart-gallons, on Uity than four gallons, upon pain of forfeiting,:for every fuchr penalty of 501.‘ offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

v	JL.V1II.	And be it further ena<51ed by the authority aforefaid^

If more than That no foreign brandy, rum, arrack, or other foreign fpirits fGre^n°fSi°f or ^rGaS waters, exceeding the quantity of fixty gallons, (hall rUsbebroulght he brought within the limits of the chief office of excife in to London at London, by one permit, or by. one conveyance; at one and the once, except fame time, from any other part of England, or from Wales, or 1° KCrTeI°^ Lerwick upon Tweed, either by land or water, fave and except o e or eite r 0nly by the way of Gra^efend^ to the port of* London, in the legal and ordinary courfe of commerce, on pain of being feized and forfeited. ...	j

LIX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,. After Oft. r. That, from and after the firft day of Ofiober, one thoufand brfn^in11'fV ^even hundred and eighty-fix, no foreign fpirituous liquors rUsTn^afks ' whatever (except rum of the growth or produce of tht Britijh of lefs than plantations, and arrack) fhall be^ imported or brought into 100 gallons, Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek (except rum thereof, in any veffel or calk which (hall contain lefs than one to be^orfeited hundred gallons at the lead (excepting only for the ufe of the and the li- feamen then belonging to and on board the (hip or veffel iq , which the fame (hall be imported, not exceeding two gallons , .' ."*■ ’.	.	h	”	"	1	'	for

Hosted by Google,

1786.] Anno vicelimo fexto Georgii III. c. 73;	739-

for .each feaman), upon pain of forfeiting fuch foreign fpiritu-ous liquors, and alfo the (hip or veffel in which the fame (hall be fo imported, of whatever burthen the fame may be, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel,

LX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That, from and after the firft day of November, one After Nov. r, thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, no perfon or perfons *786, fpirits vvhatfoever (hall import into the kingdom of Great Britain any ftron^r^haa foreign brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits, or ftrong waters whatfo- one to a;ne ever, of a greater or higher degree of ftrength than that of one over hydro-to nine over hydrometer proof; and if any foreign brandy, meter proof arrack, rum, fpirits, or ftrong. waters, (hall be imported of any greater or higher degree of ftrength than as aforefaid, the tations/tb fame (hall be forfeited and loft, together with the cafes and be forfeited* packages containing the fame, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife; provided always, That nothing herein-before contained ih9.ll extend^, or be deemed or conftrued. to extend, to the forfeiture of any rum, or fpirits of the growth, produce and manufadlure of the Bri~ ii^ fugar plantations, for being imported into this kingdom, of any greater degree than that of one to nine over hydrometer proof.

LXL And whereas the quantities of wort, wajh, or other liquor, produced to the officers of ex rife at feveral dijlilleries taken for a given time, have occafionally fallen fhort of the quantities which the Jiills and utenfils belonging to Juch dijiilleries were, according to the ordinary courfe of Affiliation, capable of working within the fame given time, and,there is reafon to fujpeft that conftderable quantities of wort 1 wajh, findfither liquor, have been fraudulently worked at Juch dijiilleriesi in prejudice of his Majejiys revenue, and to the manifejl injury .of the fair trader; for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed. That, from and after the firft: day of Augujl, one Quantities of thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, every entered wa(h ftill, belonging to any diftiller or djftillers, or maker or makers be 3 of fpirits from malt-or corn, for home confumptioa, during the prefumed to time the fame (hall be worked, (hall be prefumed to have been be charged, charged with walh, in the proportion of three parts in four of during the the content or capacity of fuch (till, including the head thereof, ing^tc?0* according to the, average rates herein-after exprefled and fpeci- * fied ; (that is to fay). For fuch time or times a$ fuch wa(h (till (hall be worked betwixt the fifteenth day of November inclufive, in any one year, and the fifteenth day of May exclufive, in the next Tucceeding year, every fuch waih ftill (hall be prefumed to have been charged as aforefaid at the average rate of five times	.

in every week; and for fuch time or times as the fame (ball be worked betwixt the fifteenth day of May inclufive, in any one year, and the fifteenth day of November exclufive, in the fame year, every fuch wafti ftill (hall be prefumed to have been charged as aforefaid at the average rate of four times in every week,... .

Cccf	LXII.	And*

Hosted by Google

No entry to be withdrawn after a (till ill all have begun working, in lefs ttyan three months*

After .three p oaths, entries may be withdrawn on giving notice.

Commiffioo-erk of excife 'may grant relief where the prefiimed charges pf duty exceed the actual quantity of Wife. '

No {tills that have difeoh-tinned work, ing to recommence without giving notice, on penalty of aool.

Regulations with regard to feizures made

AriftO vicefimo fexto GeoRGH HI. c. 73. [1786.

LXIL And be it further enadted, Thar, from and after the faid firftday of Augujl, every fuch wafh Rill, after the working thereof (hail have commenced and been begun, (hall be prefumed to be kept regularly in work fat tl>e fparce of three calendar months fuccefliveiy, at the lead, to be computed from Jthe day of the adtual working thereof; and no perfon or per-fons who (hall have begun to work any wa(h "Hill (hall be at liberty to difeontinue or withdraw the entry of any fuch (till after the working thereof (hall have commenced and been begun, until the expiration of the faid term of three calendar months, to be computed as aforefaid.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That when the owner or owners of any wa(h dill lhall be inclined to difeontinue working the fame, fuch owner or owners (hall be at liberty fo to do at any time after the end and expiration of rhe faid three calendar months, to be computed as aforefaid, upon giving notice in writing, four days at lead, to the officer of the diftridl or place, of fuch his, her, or their intention, and exprefling in fuch notice the day on which the working of fuch dill is intended to be difeontinued.

LXIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That if it (hall at any time be made appear, by fufficient proof upon oath, to the fatisfadlion of the commiflioners of excife, thtfuf* ficiency of fuch proof being left to the judgement of the faid commiflioners, that the difference or excefs in the amount of the preemptive charges of the dill, beyond the quantity of wort, wa(h, or other liquor, a&ually produced to the fight of the officer was occafioned or (half have arifen by unavoidable neceffity, and that ail the wort, wafh, and other liquor worked off at fuch wafh dill, was bona fide produced to the fight of the officer; then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for the commiflioners of excife* and they are hereby required to grant ito the owner or owners of fuch wafh dill fuch relief as (hall in their judgement be reafonable ^nd jud.	;

L2£V;be it further enaded, That when and fo often as the owner or owners of any fuch dills who (hall have difeontinued working the fame in the manner aforefaid, (hall be inclined to recommence the working thereof, fuch owner or owners (hall fignify fuch his, her, or their intention to the officer of excife by notice in writing, four days at the lead next antecedently to the day whereon fuch working is intended to be renewed, (which day (hall be fpecified in fuch notice); and if any fuch owner or owners, or other perfon or perfons, (hall recommence fuch working without fuch notice being given as is herein before directed, he, (he, or they, (hall Forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

LXVI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid^ That all arrack and rum, and all home made and foreign brandy, compounds, and other fpirits of what kind foeverj which, between the tenth day of O^iober^ one thoufand feveii 1	‘	,	hundred

*786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. C.73.	741

hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth day of July, one thou- betweeu Oft* fand; feveti hundred and eighty-fix, have been, or may be, *°* I^4» and feized and condemned, and are now remaining in his Majefty’s warehoufes, or may be depofited therein previous to the faid fifth day of July, and which were, by the faid adf, made in the twenty-fourth year of his faid Majefty’s reign, diredted to be ftaved and deftroyed, (hall be valued by fuch perfons, and in fuch manner and form, as the refpedfive commiffioners of the Cuftoms in England and Scotland, or the major part of them, re-fpedtively, in cafes of feizures made by the officers of the cuftoms, and as the refpediive commiffioners of excife in England and Scotland, or the major, part of them refpectively, in cafes of feizures made by the officers of excife, (hall; diredt; and that after fuch valuation, the fame, or any part thereof, (hall, at the difcretion of the faid refpe&ive commiffioners, or the major part of them refpedUvely, be either ftaved and deftroyed, except in fuch cafes 'where it (hall appear, to the faid refpedtive commiffioners of the cuftoms and excife in England and Scot* land refpedlively, or the major part of them refpedfively, that fuch condemned fpirits are proper to be difpofed of to or for any of the ufes or purpofes herein-after mentioned 5 that is to fay, to or for the ufe of his Majefty’s navy or army, or of the crews of (hips or veflels employed in the fervice of the revenue of cuftoms or excife, or of his Majefty’s garrifons abroad, or for exportation to foreign parts, or fpr confumption on board of any (hips or veflels going upon foreign voyages, in which two Jaft mentioned cafes, the fame (hall be (hipped under the like fecurity for the due exportation or confumption thereof re-fpedtively as aforefaid, as is required in the cafe of fpirits which may be lawfully exported or (hipped for confumption on (hip-board, and (hall be fubjedt to re-feizure and re-condemnation in cafe of being relanded ; and the perfons relanding the fame (hall be fubjedt to the like pains and penalties as they refpec-tively would have been fubjedt to for tt*e fame in cafe fuch fpirits had been made, or originally intended and (hipped for exportation or for confumption on (hipboard, a$ aforefaid: provided always. That whenever it (hall be judged expedient hy the faid refpedfive commiffioners that fuch fpirits (hall be fold for any of the purpofes before mentioned, the faid commiffioners (hall, and they are hereby required refpedtiyely to certify the fadts and circumftances of the (eizure and condemnation of fuch fpirits, and the quantity thereof, with their opinion to <fr for which of the ufes or purpofes herein-before mentioned the fame may be properly applied, unto the lord high treafurer, or lords commiffioners of the treafury, or any three of them for the time being, who is and are hereby au-thorifed and impowered, from time to time, to make fuch orders for the application or difpofal thereof* to or for any of the faid purpofes, as they in their judgement (hall think fit.

LXVII. And be it further enadted by the authority afore- officers who faid. That upon the officer or officers who (haU have feized have made

any fuch feizure*

Hosted by Google

74*	Anno	vfcefiflio	fexco Georqii IJI. c.73. [ 1786*

to receive the ar>y fuch arrack, rum, brandy, compounds, or other fpirits, Rowing producing a fatisfadtory certificate or proof of the condemnation ains, viz. and valuation thereof, and of the fccuring the fame as afore-faid, unto the faid refpective commiffidners, the faid respective cpmmiffioners are hereby authorifed and required to diredi tbe receiver-general of the cuftoms, or the proper officers of excife, as the cafe may be, to pay to fuch officer, within twenty days after producing fuch certificate, .out of any of the duties in their refpedtive receipt or colle&ion, the feveral fums For every following •> (that is to fay),

gallon of ar-	o	\	j	•

Sandy,r&c.	-For every gallon.of arrack, cordials, or French brandy, of

oftheftrength the. ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and fo in of one to ten proportion for any higher or lower degree of ftrength, the fura of two (hillings and fixpence;

For every gallon of other foreign brandy, or of foreign geneva, or rum, in proportion to the ftrength thereof as afore-, faid, the fum of two (billings and two-pence:.

And for every gallon of other fpirits, Britijb or foreign, of what kind foever, in proportion to the ftrength thereof as afore-to iTs'fl'rength, faid, the fum of two filings, as. ad.	t	\

Which faid fums (hall be in lieu and fatisfadlion of all other rewards whatfoever (the charges of fpizure, removal, andcon-demnation? only excepted), any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the pohtfary notwithftandfng.

XJtyjIF And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all the monies arifing from the faid rates and du’ties mtrrauues hereby impofed, (hall, from time to time, be raifed, levied, Rod to belaid	and	paid,	at	fuch	time	and times as the aforefaid du-

imo the ex- tie/jjpon low wines and fpirits, made for home copfumption, and. hereby difcontinued, have ufually been, or ought tp have beep/,or are directed to be raifed, levied, collected, or paid; and that all the monies whatfoever arifing from the rates and duties hereby impofed, (hall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer by the commiffioners of excife, and (hall be appropriated fcnd,applied in manner following; that is to fay, Five fixth paris /hereof, to and for the feveral and the fame ufes and pur-pp/es as the faid rates and. duties on low wines,and fpirits hereby difcontinued, were by. the feveral a6\s for granting, impGfipg, and appropriating the fame, directed to be appropriated and applied refpedively 5. and. the remaining part thereof ffiall/be car-npd^tb and made part of the fund, commonly called Tbe Sink-/vg Fundy and fhall be applicable to the fame ufes and purpofes Vs J fie faid finking fund is now applicable.unto.

L3£IX» And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, XH' all the powers,‘authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations., penalties,, forfeitures, provifions, claufes, matters, and'things/ which in or by any adt cr acts of parliament reT Jpting to the duties, upon low wines and fpirits for home con-fuoption, or to .his Majefty’s duties of excife upon fpiriruou$

liquors

©ver hydro meter proof, 6d.

For every gallon of other foreign brandy, etc. in proportion

For every gallon of other fpirits,

X>ntte8 to be levied as former duties.

chequer.

Appropriation of duties.

Provifions of

former a&s extended to this.

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vieefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 73.	743

liquors or ftrong waters, in force at the time of paffing of the faid ad, made in the twenty-fourth year of his faid Majefty’s reign, are contained, provided, fettled, of eftablifhed, forma-' naging, a(Teffing, railing, levying, colleding, recovering, adjudging* mitigating, afcertaining, enforcing, or fecuring the rates or duties thereby iatpofed, and for preventing, detecting, and punching frauds relating thereto, not being exprefsly altered, repealed, changed or controlled by this ad, or not being repugnant to any of the matters, claufes, provifions, or regulations in this ad contained, (hall be and continue in full force, and be duly obferved, pradifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, throughout England, in and for the managing, affef-fing, railing, levying, colleding, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, afcertaining, enforcing, and fecuring the laid feveral duties by this ad impofed, and for preventing, deteding, and puriilhing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, methods, rules, diredions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, claufes, matters, and things, had been exprefsly inferted and re-enaded in this ad.

LXX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, >

That if any adion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced General f(Tue* againft any perfon or perfons, for any matter or thing done by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, or any others ading in his or their aid, in the execution of, or by reafon of his or their office, under the authority, or by colour of this ad, fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced within three months next after the caufe of adion (hall have arifen, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in the county or place where the fads were committed, and not in any other county or place, unlefs otherwife direded by the fpecial rule or order of the court wherein fuch adion (hall be depending, and the defendant or defendants (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, oraheir adion or fuit, or if, upon a verdid or demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have fuch remedies for the fame as any defendant or defendants can or may haverin other cafes.

LXXI. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faidv That if any diftiller or maker, or diftillers or makers, of Perfons ob-low wines or fpirits, or redifier or compounder, or redifiers or	Their

compounders of, or dealer^or dealers in, fpirits or ftrong waters, duty, t0 for. or any workman voKfervapfc belonging to him, her, or them, feit 200I. (hallobftrud or aflauit, rfefifti oppofe, moleft, or hinder any officer or officers of excife in the due execution of the feveral powers and authorities given or granted to fuch officer or officers by this or any other ad now in force, relating to diftillers, redifiers, dr compounders of fpirits, or to dealers in fpirits or ftroqg waters, every, fuch diftiller or maker, redifier, compounder,

Hosted by Google

744

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. C.73. {i?86,

pounder, or dealer fhall, except in fuch cafes for which any other penalty or penalties are hereinbefore directed, forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum'df two hundred pounds/ LXXII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Howpenalties That all penalties and forfeitures impofed by this aft (hall be covered and^	recovered* levied, and mitigated, by fuch ways, means,

applied. or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be fued for, recovered, or levied, or mitigated, by any law or Jaws of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeflmin/ier; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him, her,, or them who fhall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame. Perfonsfued LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That far penalties no perfon, who fhall be fued or profecuted for any of the penal* aa^not^iahle ties ar forfeitures impofed by this aft, fhall be liable to any to thepenal-6 penalty or forfeiture impofed for the fame offence by any forties of former mer aft ; nor fhall any perfon who fhall be fued or profecuted acts. &c. for any penalty or forfeiture impofed by any former aft, be liable to any penalty or forfeiture impofed for the fame offence by this prefent aft.

' LXXIV. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-Act to conti-	That this aft fhall commence and take effeft, as to'all

fbr^^ear*6	matters and things therein contained, in refpeft whereof

from Aug. i, no fpecial commencement is hereby direfted or provided, from *7S6»	and immediately after the firft day of Augufty one thoufand feven

hundred and eighty-fix, and fhall remain 2nd continue in force, as to all fuch matters and things therein contained, in refpeft Whereof it is not hereby otherwife direfted, for the fpace of two years, to be computed from that day.

LXX V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Act 44 Geo. That the faid aft made in the faid twenty-fourth year of the repealed, reign his prefent Majefty, other than and except fo much and except fuch fuch parts thereof as veft in his Majefty, or relate to or concern parts as relate the duties of excife within the lands of Ferintojh, in the county yto lands of of Invernefs% or regard an exemption from the payment thereof, re^rs of du-f* or ^e mak*ng of any contraft, agreement, or trial, thereby jits, and pe-. authorifed in refpeft to the faid duties of exemptions; and alfo pities. other than and except in refpeft to the arrears of any of the rates and duties in and by the faid laft-mentioned aft charged, granted, or impofed, and which, at the commencement of this aft,'fhall remain dqe and unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture, or penalties or forfeitures, incurred in refpeft thereof, or under pr by virtue of the faid aft; and alfo.except fo far as the faid laft-mentioned aft is not already repealed by any otheraft of the prefent feffiori of parliament, fhall tre,rand the fame is, from and after the commencement of this aft, repealed.

LXXVI. And whereas by an afl made in the nineteenth year, of Aft 19 Geo. 3. the reign of his. prefent Majefty* (intituled> An aft for granting to t. %s\ and his Majefty additional duties on the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the refpeftive commiflioners of

the

Hosted by Google

74 5

I

1786. J Anno vicefimo fexto Georg n III. c. 73.

the caftoms and excife in Great Britain), an additional impoft or duty\ after the rate of five pounds per centum, was granted upon the product and amount of all {he feveral fubfides, impoft s, and other duties y of what kind or nature foever they might be, which were thert due and payable to his Majefty, and were collected in this kingdom, under tht management and direftion of the refpeftive commijfioners of the cujloms in Great Britain,/ir and upon any goods and merchandizes imported into or exported fro?n, or carried coajlwife into Great Britain ; which faid additional impofi or duty was charged upon the amount of the faid former fubfides, impofis, and other duties, after the ufual dijcounts and other allowances had been made and deduced therefrom ; and alfo an additional duty or charge of five pounds, per cen tum was granted tos his Majefty, upon the produce and amount of all the feveral inland duties, rates, impofitions, and charges, (except at . therein after is excepted), then payable to his Majejiy, and which were charged and collected under the management of the refpeftive commijfioners in England and Scotland: and whereas by another a51, made in the twentieth year of his Majefifs reign, (intituled, An act act 40 ®eo« 3* for granting to his Majefty additional duties upon malt, and up- c*5 >and on low wines and fpirits made for home cbnfamption, and upon foreign fpirits imported into Great Britain, ana upon the pro-duce of the faid feyeral duties; and for granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all perfohs trading in, vending, or felling of, coffee, tea, or chocolate), further rates and duties were granted and impofed, amongjl other things, upon fpirits imported into Great Britain, from parts beyond the feas, over and above all duties, charges, and impofitions by any former aft or aftsof parliament there-upon fet or impofed: and whereas by another aft, made in the twenty-fir ft year of his faid Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An a (51 for granting *ctt* to his Majefty an additional duty upon the produce of the feveral c* 79 duties under the management of the refpedfcive cotnmiffion-ers of the excife in Great Britain), a further additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum was granted and impofed upon the produce and amount of all the feveral inland duties, rate.s, impofitions, and charges, (except as therein is excepted), then payable to his Majefty, and which were charged and collefted under the management of the refpeftive commijfioners of excife in England and Scotland: and whereas by another aft, made in the twenty-fecond year of his faid Majefty s reign, (intituled An act for granting to his Majefty ad- act 22 Geo. ditional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties under the c* 68, recited; management of the refpe&ive commiflioners of the cuftbms and excife in Great Britain), a further additionaldutyor charge of five .pounds per centum was granted to his Majeftfupon the produce and amount of all the feveral inland duties, rates’, irripafitions, and charges,

(except as therein is excepted), then payable to his Majejiy, and which were charged and collefted under the management of the refpeftive commijfioners of excife /^England and Scotland: and whereas it is expedient to fufpend the feveral additional impofis, rates, and duties by the faid feyeral afts made in the nineteenth, twentieth, twenty firft, and twenty ftecond years of his faid Majefty’s reign, impofed upon rum find upon other fpirits imported into Great JBritain from his Majefty 1

fugar

Hosted by

Google.

746

and the additional duties thereby impofed on rum and fpirits from the Weft Indies, fufpended for % years*

Anno vicefimo fexto GEojtGillIIi	&7PIjtjftlfe

Jugar plantations in the Weft Indies, be it therefore ena<3exi* That the feveral additional rates and duties in and by th[e faid adts of the twentieth of his prefent Majefty’s rdg^granted and impofed upon rum and fpirits imported* into Great ^ttdinxbft^ jng the produce, production, and manufacture of the Briiijh fugar iflands, or fugar plantations, in the Weft Indies; and alfp the feveral and refpeCtive additional ippofts, duties, or charges^ after the rate of five pounds per centum, impofed and granted iif and by the aforefaid three feveral aCts, made in the nineteenth* twenty-firft, and twenty-fecond years of his Majefty’s reign, up^ on rum and fpirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture aforefaid, imported into this kingdom ; and all penalties and Forfeitures in refpeCt of the (aid additional impofts, duties,, oc charges, thereby impofed upon the rum and fpirits aforefaid re-fpeCtively, ftiall be, and the fame are hereby fufpended for the term* of two years, to be computed from the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix; but that fuch fuf-penfion (hall not extend to or affeCt any of the arrears of the faidf additional impofts, rates, or duties, or any of them, now remaining due and unpaid, or any penalty or forfeiture, or penalties or 'forfeitures, incurred in refpeCt thereof.

i FO RI of the ENT R Y:

"For;a Corn Di/liHer...

I A. B, of	ftreet, in the parifli of	.	-	^

diftiller, do hereby revoke all former entries by me made, and do make entry of the under-mentioned utenfils for preparing .and diftilling wafti from corn and grain; videlicet;

One copper, for preparing and brewing worts.

One mafh tun, for mafhing grain.

One under back, for receiving worts from the mafh tun* Six coolers, for cooling worts.

One bub back, for making and keeping bub.

Ten wafh backs, for fermenting and keeping wafh. ” One jack back, for receiving wafh from the wafh backs to be pumped into the wafh ftill.

One ftill for diftilling wafh into low wines.

One ftill for diftilling low wines into fpirits.

One low wine calk, for receiving low wines from the wafh ftill.

One fpirit cafk, for receiving fpirits- from the low wine ftill; and one feint cafk, for receiving and keeping feints.

All thefe utenfils are fituate in my diftill houfe in

ftreet aforefaid, and this entry is for home confump-tion, (or exportation, as the cafe may require)*

■'*	Witneis

Hosted by Google

17S6.] Anno vicefimo iexto GfioRQIi III, c. 74.

Witnefs my hand, this	day	of

One thoufand	\	*	■	■

A. B.

Witnefs

C.D.

E.F. ...	,	,	...	-	...	v

For a Metejfei DifHHer, Reflijier, or Compounder.

I A. B. of	ftreet,	in	the	parifti	of

diftiller, do hereby, revoke all entries*by me made, and do make entry of the under-mentioned utenfilis for preparing, fermenting, and diddling wafli from melafles or fiigar; videlicet; •

Fourteen wafh backs, for fermenting and keeping wafhu One jack back, for receiving wafli from the wafh backs to be pumped into the wafli ftilL

Four flills for diftilling; videlicet;

One of thofe dills for diddling w$Qi into low wines. . Another dill for diddling low wines into fpirits.

Alfo all the four dills for rectifying and compounding fpirits.

One low wine cafk, for receiving low wines from the wafli dill.	.

One fpirit cafk, for receiving fpirits from the low wines dill; and. one feint cafk, for.receiving and keeping >. feints, :	-g

All thefe utep fils are fituate in my didill houfe in*

ftreet aforefaid, and this entry is for h.ome confumptioh (or exportation, as the cafe may require}.

Witnefs my hand, this	day	of	*	•	178

' ' > -	•	A. B. ^

Witnefs

C.D.

E. F.

C A P. LXXIW

An aft for granting to his Majefty additional duties upon fweets/and for afcertaining the duties upon licences to be taken out by perfons dealing in Tweets;	■ * ,

From July 15, 1786, an additional duty of 6s. per barrel to be paid for fweets made from foreign .fruit or fugar, or mixed with any other ingredients called Sweets or Made Wines. Additional duties to be paid as former duties are. Additional duty to be chargeable with the five percents. &c. grantedby aft 19 Geo. 3. c. aj; and aft 21 Geo. 3. c. 175 and aft w Geo. 3. c. 66. Duties to be paid to the commiffioners - of excife and by them into the exchequer weekly, and carried to the linking fund. Aft 9 Annse, c. 23 ; and aft 30 Geo. 2. c. 19; and aft 3* Geo. %. c. 31. recited. From July 5,1786, licenceg for felling fweets by retail may be granted to perfons not haying a fpirituous liquor or ale licence, on a ftamp df ih 4s. dach. Former provifions relating to ftamps on wine licences extended to this aft, where *|ot hereby altered. Licences

Hosted by

Google

j>48	Anno vlcefimd fexto G©oRG>i* IH. c;7'5

cences to contain, and dealers to exhibit on tbeif houfes, the words Dealer in Britifh Wines. Licence duties to be applied as, former wine licence duties are.

C A P. LXXV.

An aft for appointing commiffioners to enquire into the tojfes of till fuch per font who have fujfered in their properties, in confluence of the ceffion of the province of Eaft Florida to the ting of Spain- ..

Preamble. "ITT HEREAS by the fifth article of the. definitive treaty of peace*

. VV concluded at Verfailles, on the third day of September, one thaufand feven hundred and eighty-three, between your Majefiy and his tnofi catholick majefiy the King of Spain-,' it was agreed that the province of Eaft Florida, which was, at the time of concluding fuch treaty* in your Majeflf s allegiance, Jhould be; ceded and guarantied in full right to his mofi catholick Majefiy : and whereas divers of your Majefifs faithful fubjefts have fujfered in their rights and properties in confequence of fuch ceffion, and have fufiained great Ioffes thereby, your faithful commons\ being defirous that a diligent and impartial en~

1	quiry	Jhould	be	made	into the Ioffes of fuch perfons as may apply in the

manner and within the time herein-after mentioned, and into fuch V/7> cumfiances as may be material to their refpeftive claims, do therefore pray your majefiy that it may be enabled \and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefiy* by and.with the advice and con-fent* of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, Comtniffion- That colonel Nefbit Balfour, and John Spranger enquire, (hall ers appointed be, and they are -hereby conftituted commiffioners for enquir-idto^offes	ing into the refpe&ive Ioffes of all fuch perfons who have fuffer-

9	ed in their rights and properties, in confequence of the ceffion

of the faid province, and into fuch circumftances as may be material to their refpedliveclaims.

II.	And be jt further enadted, That the commiffioners in this adl named, before they enter upon the execution of the fame, (hall take an path before the mafter of the rolls for the time being, or one of his Majefty’s juftices of the court of king’s bench, common pleas, ‘or barons of the exchequer, (which they, or either of them, are hereby authorized -and required to admini-fter)* in the form fallowing; that is to fay.

and to take the following oath.

The oath. T A. B. do fwear, That^ according to the befi of my Jkill andknbw-X ledge 11 will faithfully^ impartially^ and truly execute the feveral powers and trufis vefied in me by an abl, intituled, An adt for appointing commiffioners to enquire into the Ioffes of all fuch perfons who have fuffered^in their properties,'in confequence of the ceffion of the province of Baft Florida to the King of Sprin^ according to the tenor and purport of the faid adh

Commifiion- III. And be it further enadled, That it (hall and may be erstoexamine lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, and they are hereby perfons upon authorized, impowejpd, and required to examine, upon oath, ■	^	(which

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII III. c. 75.	749

(which oath they are hereby authorifed to adminifter), all per-lons whom the faid commiffioners lhall think fit to examine, touching all fuch matters and things as (hall be neceflary for the execution of the powers veiled in the faid commiffioners by this ad, and all fuch perforrs are hereby directed and required pundually to attend the faid commiffioners at fuch time or place as they (hall appoint.

IV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the Commiflion-faid commiffioners are hereby authorifed to meet and fit, from

time to time, at the office of the late fecretary of date, or any 0f the late other place, with or without adjournment, and to fend their fecretary of precept or precepts, under their hands and feals, for any perfon ftate, to ifiiie or perfons whatfoever, and for fuch books, papers, writings or atfendan/e of records, as they (hall judge neceflary for their information in pcrfons ap6-° the execution of the powers vefted in the faid commiffioners by pointed * this ad; and the faid commiffioners are hereby authorifed to clerks, &c. appoint and employ fuch clerks, meflengers, and officers, as they fhall think meet, which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the truft in them feverally and refpedively repofed, without taking any thing for fuch their fer-vice, other than fuch falary or rewards as the faid commiffioners (hall think fit to dired and appoint in that behalf.

V.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if it To report to

(hall appear to the faid commiffioners that any perfon (hall have *he treafury delivered to them an account or claim beyond the real lofs, ^ims vehich with a fraudulent intent to obtain more than a juft compedfa- fhall exclude tion, the faid commiffioners (hall, with all convenient difpatch, the party report fuch account or claim, with the evidence taken thereupon, from an? . to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, who are hereby	1tl°n

authorifed to make fuch further enquiry upon the cafe as they

(hall think proper; and if they, or any three of them, (hall be of opinion that fuch account or claim is fraudulent, then fuch perfon fhall be abfolutely excluded from any compenfation or provifion whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That in cafe any perfon or perfons, upon examination upon oath Perfonsgbmg before the faid commiffioners refpedively as before mentioned,

(hall wilfully and corruptly give falfe evidence, every fuch per- gU\\ty of cor-fon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof duly convided, rupt perjury, (hall be, and is and are hereby declared to be fubjed and liable to fuch pains and penalties as by any law now in being perfons convided of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjed and liable to.

VII.	And whereas feveral proprietors of Eafi: Florida, and the agents of feveral other proprietors of the faid province, refpedively intitled to the benefit of this ad^ are refident in the Bahama Iflands, and other of his Majejlfs colonies in America: and whereas it may be attended with great inconvenience to fuch perfons to come to Great Britain to fubjlantiate their refpedive claims, or to give their evidence in fupport of the claims of other proprietors for whom they have

aded as agents, be it therefore enaded, That the governor. Governors, Vox,. XXXV.	D	d d	lieutenant	of	the

1

Hosted by Google

75®	Anno	viceGmo	fexto	Georgii	III.	c.	75.	, [1786.

Bahama lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, and council, for BHtUh’co^o t^e tim^ being, of any fuch ifland or colony, (hall, and they are nies in Ame- hereby directed and required to enquire into the Joffes of all and rica, to exa- every fuch perfon or perfons, and to examine all and every fuch mine into the agent or agents as may repair to them for that purpofe upon denT Arties” oat^» which oath the faid governor, lieutenant governor, or and to Report commander in chief, or any member of the council for the time thereupon to being, is hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifter; and the commit- fuch governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, and fioners. council, for the time being, are hereby inverted with the fame powers and authorities for enquiring into fuch claims as the commiffioners appointed by this a<St are inverted with, and they are hereby diredted to proceed immediately on all and every fuch claim or claims, examination or examinations, when tendered to them, and to report from time to time, by the fir ft opportunity in their power, their opinion or opinions on all and every fuch claim or claims, with the evidence on which fuch opinion or opinions was or were formed, and alfo to report, from time to time, the evidence of all and every fuch agent or agents to the commiffioners appointed by this a<ft, in order that all and every fuch claim or claims may be ultimately judged of and decided upon by fuch commiffioners, and be inferted by them amongft the claims to be laid before the lords commiffioners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer, for the time , being, and his Majefty’s fecretaries of ftate.

VIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Perfons giv- That in cafe any petfon or perfons, upon examination upon dence^before	before	the faid governor, lieutenant governor, or com-

the governor, mander in chief, and council, for the time being, as before men* See. to be * tioned, (hall wilfully and corruptly give falfe evidence, every deemed guilty fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof duly con-of perjury. vidled, (hall be, and is and are hereby declared to be fubject and liable to fuch pains and penalties as by any law now in being perfons convidted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fub-jedl and liable to.

No claim to IX. And be it further enabled, That no claim or requeft of Brha^affer” ai)y perfon or perfons for aid or relief, on account of the lofs of Jan. 1, nor in any property in confequence of fuch ceffion, (hall he received, the Bahama in Great Britain, after the firft day of January, one thoufand I (lands, &c.	feven hundred and eighty-feven, or in the Bahama IJlands, or any

after March other of his Majefty’s colonies in America, after the firft day of *’ 17	March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven.

Commiffion- X. And be it further enadted, That the faid commiffioners account of an	^rom time t0 t*me? at their difcre'ion, or as often as they

theirproceed-	be thereunto required, and as foon as poffible after the de-

inge to the termination of their examinations and proceedings, by virtue of treafury, and this adf, without any further requifition, give an account of their proceedings, in writing, to the lords commiffioners of hi$ 0 a * Majefty’s treafury, and to his Majefty’s principal fecretaries pf ftate for the time being.

Treafury may XI. And be it further enadted* That .the lords commiffioners

order Xjoool.	0f

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GEorgii III. 76;77.

of the treafury, or lord high treafurer, for the time being, are hereby authorifed and required to iffue, and caufe to-be paid, all fuch fums of money, not exceeding one thoufand pounds, to fuch perfon or perfons as the fqid commiffioners (hall by writing under their hands defire or direct, out of any part of the publick monies remaining in his Majefty’s exchequer, which futn fo iffued and paid (hall be employed for the payment of clerks, meflengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necef-fary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this a<5t, and in fuch manner and in fuch proportions as (hall be appointed by the faid commiffioners, by writing under their hands and feals in that behalf, the fame to be accounted for by the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall beiffued and paid, according to the courfe of his Majefty’s exchequer, without any fee or other charges to be taken on the paffing of the faid accounts, other than fuch fum as the faid commiffioners (hall appoint.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or refignation, His Majefty of any pne or more of the faid commiffioners, it (hall and may to nominate be lawful for his Majefty to nominate and appoint fuch perfon ers^TUcTa-or perfons as he may think proper, to fupply fudh Vacancy or cic3 happen, vacancies, and that every perfon fo nominated and appointed

(hall be held and, confidered to be invefted with all and the fame powers as are delegated to the commiffioners appointed by this a 61.

XIII.	And be it further enafled. That this a6t (hall conti* Continuance nue in force for two years from the paffing of this a6t, and no oftllls a<^*' longer,

C A P. LXXVI. *

An aft for repealing fo much of two a6ts, palled in the fourteenth and twenty-firft years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as prohibits the. exportation of wool cards of a limited price.

14 Geo. 3. c. 71; and ai Geo. 3. c. 37. recited. .Such parts thereof, as prohibit the exportation of wool cards of 4s. per pair, and fpinnera* cards of the value of is. 6d. per pair, repealed.

CAP.	LXXVI I.

An aft to limit a time for the repayment of the duties on male fer-vents and carriages by the commiffioners of excife ; and alfo on horfes, waggons, wains, and carts, by the commiffioners of jlamps; and for the amendment of feveral laws relating to the duties under the management of the commijfioners of excife.

H ERE AS by an aft, made in the lafi fejjion of parliament. Preamble. (intituled. An act to repeal the duties on male fervants, 25 Geo.j.c* and for granting new duties on male and female fervants.), it 43; and was enafted, That all perfons who,previoufiy to the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred Gnd eighty five, fhould have paid duties on male fervants, . by that aft repealed, for any part of the three quarters effiyear for which the firfi afjejfmnt on inale fervants under that .

D d d 2	aft

75*

to be iffued for payment of clerks, &c*

752	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii	III. c. 77, [1786*

aft was thereby directed to be made, or their refpeftive executors or adminijirators, Jhould, after paying the j'aid firjl affieffiment, have a right to receive back from the commijfioners of excifey or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any money which Jhould have been ,	paid into9 or be in their hands, fuch a proportion of the repealed du-

ties on male fervants fo already paid to the faid commijfioners of ex rife, or their officers, as jhould be neceffiary to prevent a double payment of the faid duties , in refpeft of fuch male fervants, for the faid three quarters on the faid firjl affieffiment, or for any part thereof: and whereas by another aft, made in the lajl Jeffion oj parliament, (inti-a 5 Geo^3*d tuled. An aft for transferring the receipt and management of in parJeCl ** certa*n duties therein mentioned, from the commiflioners of excife and the commiflioners of damps refpeftively, to the com-miffioners for the affairs of taxes; and alfo for making further provifions in refpeft to the faid duties fo transferred), it was enafted, That all perfons who, previoujly to the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, Jhould have paid the duties on carriages in that aft mentioned in that behalf for any part of the three quarters of a year for which the firjl afjeffiments under that aft were thereby direfted to be made, Jhoula, after paying the faid firjl affieffiments, have a right to receive back from the commijfioners of excifey or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any monies which Jhould have been paid intOy or be in their handsyfucb a proportion of the duties fo already paid to the faid comm ijfioners of excife as Jhould be neceffiary to prevent a double payment of the faid duties for the faid three quarters on the faid firjl affieffiments, or for any part thereof: and whereas it is expedient that a limited time Jhould be pre-fcribedy within which, all end every repayment, in refpeft to the faid duties on male fervantsand on carriages, heretofore under the management of the commijfioners of excifey Jhall be demanded: be it therefore enafted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal^ and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the No demands authority of the fame. That every perfon having a right, ac-ment ofd cording to the afts aforefaid, or either of them, to any repay-tTeT underlie ment *n refpeft of the faid duties on male fervants, or of the recited afts, faid duties on carriages, heretofore under the management of to befatisfied, the commiflioners of excife, fliall’make demand of fuch repay-unlefe made to ment before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred

fore July 5, 1787.

Geo, 3. 66; and

and eighty* feven, from the commiflioners of excife, if fuch perfon demanding fuch repayment had before paid fuch refpeftive duty at tlie chief office of excife in London, or from the collector of excife within whofe colleftion fuch perfon demanding fuch repayment had before paid fuch refpeftive duty; and that no repayment fhall be made to any perfon or perfons in refpeft of fuch duties on male fervants, or of fuch duties on carriages, heretofore under the management of the commiflioners of excife, that (hall not be demanded as aforefaid before the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven.

II, And whereas, by an aft made in the twenty-third year of his prefent Mcjejif sreign9 (iintituled, An aft for granting to his Ma-

jefty

Hosted by

Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII III. C. 77.'	755'

jefty feveral rates and duties upon waggons, wains, carts, and other fuch carriages, not charged with any duty under the management of the commiffioners of excife), it was enaftei, Thaty from and after the firfi day of November, one thoufahd feven hundred and eighty- three, there Jhould be paid unto his Majefiy, bis heirs and fuccefjors, certain duties therein mentioned: and whereas, by another aft) made in the twenty-fourth year of his prefeni Majefiy, for *4 Geo. $. granting certain duties on horfes kept for the purpofe of riding, c‘31 * and and on horfes ufed in drawing certain carriages, in refpeft whereof any duty of excife is made payable, it wasenafted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth day ^September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, there fbould be paid unto his Majefiy, his heirs and fucceffors, certain duties therein mentioned; and the faid two feveral duties were placed under the management of the commiffioners of ftamps: and whereas, by an aft made in the lajl feffion of parliament, (intituled, An aft for transferring the receipt and 25 Geo. 3. management of certain duties therein mentioned from the com- ?• 47* recited miflioners of excife, and the com mi fli oners of ftamps, refpec-in par * tively, to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes; and alfo for making further provifions in refpeft to the faid duties fo transferred), it was enafted, That all perfotis who, previoufly to the fifth day of July, or tenth day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, Jhould have paid the faid duties on carriages, and on horfes, in that a, ft mentioned, for any part of the three quarters of a year for which the firji affeffments under that aft were thereby dire fted to be made, Jhould, after paying the faid firji affeffments, have a right to receive back from the commiffioners of ftamps, or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any monies which Jhould have been paid into, or be in their hands, fuch a proportion of the duties fo already paid to the faid commiffioners of ftamps as Jhould be neceffary to prevent a double payment of the faid duties for the faid three quarters, or half year, on the faid firji affeffments, or for any part thereof: and whereas it is expedient that a limited time Jhould be prefcribed, within which all and every repayment, in refpeft to the faid recited duties under the management of the commiffioners of Jiamps, Jhall be demanded; be it theretore enafted, That every perfon having a right to No demand any repayment, in refpeft of the faid recited duties under the for repay-management of the commiffioners of ftamps, fhall make de- l^^inder" mand of fuch repayment before the fifth day of July, one thou- the’three Jaffc fand feven hundred and eighty-feven, from the commiffioners recited a&s, of ftamps, if fuch perfon demanding fuch repayment had before to-be fatufied, paid fuch refpeftive duty at the head office of ftamps in London, ™aamp or from the diftributor of ftamps, or their fub-distributors, in office before, the feveral counties, diftrifts, or divifions, within which fuch July 5,1787. perfon demanding fuch repayment had before paid fuch refpec-tive duties, and that no repayment fhall be made thereon that fhall not be demanded, as aforefaid, before the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven.	'

III- And whereas, by another aft made in the feventeenth yedr of bis prefent Majefiy s reign, f intituled, An aft for granting to his *7 Geo. 3. Majeftyaduty upon all fervants retained or employed in the pa^treclte<i

D d d 3	feveral	p

|54

fled,

Anne vice&ne fexto Georgii III, c. 77. £ 17^ '

feveral edacities therein me/itjtoned and for repealing, feveral ratef and duties upon glafs* impofed by an ad made in . the nine^enUk year of the reign of his late Majefty, and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon glafs in lieu thereof* and for tjye tetter colledirrg the duties upon glafs; and for repealing the feveral rates and duties charged, by an ad made in . the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, upon all petfous and bodies politick and corporate having certain quantities of filver plate) ; certain drawbacks or allowances, in the faid: aft particularly mentioned, were directed to be paid or allowed to the perfons or their agents exporting the feveral and refpeftive fpecies of glafs j in the faid aft particularly mentioned, to foreign parts by way of merchandize, in the manner, and under the regulations in and by' the faid aft particularly preferibed: and whereas great inconvenience ha* or iferi from the regulations preferibed in that aft, for the obtaining the drawbacks or allowances, in the faid aft particularly men* tionedy on. the exportation of fuch glafs to foreign parts by way of mer-- chaudizey for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the authority From Aug. 1, aforefaidr That, from and after the firft day of Augujl, one 1786, glaf8 thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, it (hall be lawful for ported6onthe ^nY Pei^on or P^ons who (hall have actually paid all his Ma-conditions jefty’s duties, by any ad or ads of parliament payable for, or herein fpeci- in refped of, any quantity of glafs whatfoever made from any of the materials thereby refpedively charged, and to and for any other perfon or perfons who (hall buy or be lawfully in titled' to any fuch quantity of glafs from the faid perfon or perfons who adaally paid his Majefty’s duties for the fame, to export from any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, any fuch glafs, for which all the duties (hall have been paid, to any foreign parts by way of merchandize, upon the terms, and according to the diredions, herein-after mentioned, that is to fay; the perfon or perfons fo intending to export any fuch glafs, (hall give twelve hours notice within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, and twenty-four hours notice in other places in Great Britain, of his, her, or their intention to pack up, in order to be exported, any fuch glafs, and of the time and place when and where the fame is intended to be packed up, to the officer or officers of excife, who (hall be appointed for that purpofe by the refpedive commiflioners of excife in England and Scotland j. and fuch officer or officers (hall attend to fee fuch glafs packed up, and the fame (hall be packed up in the prefence of fuch of-4 ficer or officers, and (hall be fecured with fuch faftenings, and fealed with fuch feal or mark, or feals or marks, and in fuch manner, as the faid refpedive commiflioners (hall dired; and if any perfon (hall open fuch package, or wilfully deftroy or deface fuch feal or mark, or feals or marks, (fave and except the officer of excife at the port of exportation, as herein-after mentioned), every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and lofe the fuqi of twenty pounds for every fuch offence* and the officer or officers who faw the faid glafs packed up (hall take an account of the kind and quantities of the faid glafs fe intended to be

" exported.

Perfons opening packages after being fealed by the officer, to forfeit aol.

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. C. 77.	755

exported, and make a return thereof to the officer who (hall he appointed by fuch commiflioners, or the major part of them, to receive the fame at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward for fo doing: provided always. That if the perfon or If packing is perfons, To intending to pack up fuch glafs, (hall not begin and not begun in proceed to pack up the fame at the time mentioned in fuch no- ^oHce Vfrefli tice, or within one hour after fuch time, then fuch notice (hall notice’muft be void ; and fuch perfon or perfons, fo intending to pack up be given, fuch glafs, fhall be obliged to give a frefh notice to fuch officer or officers, of the time and place when and where fuch glafs is intended to be packed up in order to be exported ; and the per- Notice alfo to fon or perfons, fo intending to export fuch glafs, fhall alfo give fix be given of hours notice of the time and place of (hipping fuch glafs, unto ^5 tl.^ie °* the officer of excife of the place where the fame (hall be (hipped, ippins* who (hall attend and fee the fame put on Chipboard; and the and fecurity exporter of the faid glafs (hall alfo, before the (hipping the fame,	be

give fufficient fecurity, to be approved by the refpedtive com- reianded in miffioners of excife, or any one or more of them, or the perfon Britain, &c. appointed by them, or the major part of them refpedtiveiy, for that purpofe, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular quantity of glafs fo intended to be exported, and every part thereof, (hall be (hipped and exported, and fhall not be unfhipped, unloaded, or laid on land, or put on board any other (hip or veffel in Great Britain, (hip-wreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted ; which fecurity the officer of excife of the port where the faid* glafs (hall be exported is hereby directed to take, in his Majefty’s name, and to his Majefty’s ufe; and the faid exporter (hall make oath, that he believes the duties upon the materials whereof fuch glafs is made had been fully paid, and that fuch glafs is the fame that is defcribed in the account fent as aforefaid by the officer in whole prefence the fame was packed, to the officer attending the (hipping (which oath the furveyor or fupervifor, or other officer'appointed by the faid refpedtive commiflioners, or the major part of them, for that purpofe, is hereby authorifed to ad-minifter); and the faid furveyor or fupervifor, or other officer Certificate to aforefaid, and the officer who attended the (hipping the faid be gi^n by glafs, being fatisfied of the truth thereof, (hall, within one month ^ichteto after the exportation of the faid glafs, give to the exporter, or entitle the his, her, or their clerk or manager, a certificate or debenture, exporter to exprefling the quantities and kindis of fuch glafs To (hipped, and thedrawback. that all the duties have been paid in refpedt of the fame, and that fecurity hath been given before the (hipping the fame, for the due exporting the fame; and fuch certificate or debenture being produced to the colle&or of the port where the faid glafs was exported, he (hall forthwith pay or allow the perfons fo exporting the fame, or their agent, fuch drawback or allowance as by the faid adt, made in the feventeenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, is given or allowed upon the exportation to foreign parts, by way of merchandize, of the feveral and refpec-tive fpecies of glafs ih the faid adt mentioned j and if fuch col-

D d d 4	lector

Officers may

examine

packages.

If glafobe relanded, to be forfeited.

*1 Geo. 3. c. *4> recited in fart.

Stamps denoting payment pf duties to be taken off pa<

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii HI. c. 77. [1786.

leflor (hall not have money in his hands to pay the fame, then the refpetfive commiffioners of excife in England or Scotland are required to pay the faid drawback or allowance out of the duties upon materials ufed in the making glafs.

IV.	Provided always. That it lhall be lawful for the officer attending the (hipping fuch glafs, if he thinks it neceflary^ to open or examine fuch glafs at the port of exportation, in order that he may be fatisfied that fuch glafs is the fame that is de-feribed in the account fent to him by the officer in whofe prefence the faid glafs was packed : provided/alfo, That if after the (hipping any fuch glafs, and the giving fuch fecurity as afore-faid, in order to obtain a drawback or allowance of the duties before paid in refped thereof, the fame glafs. or any part thereof, (hall be unrtiipped, unladed, or laid on land, or put into any other (hip or veffel within Great Britain ((hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted), that then, and in every fuch cafe, over and above the penalty of the bond, which (hair be levied and recovered ^to his Majefty’s ufe, all the laid glafs which (hall be fo unfhipped, unladed, or laid on land, or put into any other (hip or veflel within Great Britain ((hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted), or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of the cuf-toms or excife.

V.	And whereas by an aft made in the twenty firjl year of his prefent Majejlfs reign, (intituled, An a<St for repealing the pre-fent duties upon paper, pafteboards, millboards, and fcale-boards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof), it was enafted, That the officer attending to charge the duties upon paper, fhould Jlamp or mark each and every ream and bundle of paper, by affixing thereon fuch mark, Jlamp, impreffion, or device, as the refpeftive commiffioners of excife fhould dir eft or appoint for that purpofe: and whereas by the faid aft, a drawback of the duties, by the faid oft granted, is allowed upon the exportation of paper to any parts beyond the feas by way of merchandize: and whereas alfo by the faid aft it is provided, that if, after the fhipping of any fuch paper, and the giving or tendering Juch fecurity ms is by the faid aft required, in order to obtain the drawback therein mentioned, the fame, or any part thereof, fhould be relanded in any part of Great Britain, that then, and in every fuch cafe, over and above " the penalty of the bond, which jhallbe recovered and levied to his Majefys ufe, all the faid paper which fhall be fo relanded, or the value thereof, fhould be forfeited: and whereas it might tend to prevent the relanding fuch paper in Great Britain, if the marks, Jlamps, imprejjions, or devices, denoting the charging the duties upon fuch paper, were to be taken off from every bundle or ream of paper intended to be exported before the fame fhould be packed up in order to be exported; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, it (hall be lawful for the officer of excife, who (hall attend to fee fuch paper packed up in order to be exported, and he is hereby required to take off, or caufe to

be

Hosted by Google

1786.] .Anno vicefimo fextoGeorgii III. c.77.	757

be taken off, or to fee taken off, all and every the marks, (lamps, per on ex-impreffions, or devices affixed on every ream or bundle of fuch paper potation,and intended to be packed up in order to be exported, from every ream or bundje of fuch paper before the fame is packed up in order to cers in taking be exported; and if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully hinder them off, to or ohftrud fuch officer in the taking off, or caufmg to be taken forfeit 50I. off, any fuch mark, (lamp, or impreffion, or device, or marks,

(lamps, impreffions, or devices, from any ream or bundle of paper fo intended to be packed up in order to be expored, he,

(he, or they fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

VI.	And whereas by another aft, made in the lajl fejfion of parlia~ *5 Geo. 3. c. ment, (intituled, An act for repealing the duty impofed on tea 74, recited in by an ad paffed in the laft feffion of parliament, and for grant- **ar * ing other duties in lieu thereof; for repealing fo much of feveral ads as relates to the removal of tea; for.direfting the officers of excife to examine and certify the exportation of excifeabie commodities ; and for better fecuring the duties on candles); it was enafted, That every chandler or maker of candles, before he, Jhe, or they Jhould begin to work upon or make any courfe or making of can-dies whatfoever, jhould give to the officer of the divifion or place where fuch candles were intended to be made, notice in writing of the particular time and hour when he cr Jhe Jhould intend to begin to fpread cottons, wicks, or rujhes, for any fuch courfe or making of candles; and alfo the hour and time when he or Jhe Jhould intend to begin to run in or dip any fuch cottons, wicks, or ruffes, in fuch ?nan~ ner as is by the fetid a51 direfted: and whereas chandlers do fome~ times, after having .given fuch notice as by the faid aft is required, • ■ and after beginning to fpread cottons, wicks, or rujhes, leave off and difeontinue for long intervals of time to fpread cottons, wicks, or rujhes, for the fame courfe or making of candles, and thereby not only harrafs the off cers of excife furveying fuch chanlders unneceffarily, but alfo get many opportunities of making candles privately and■ unknown to fuch officers, and thereby of defrauding his Majef y of his juf du-ties; for remedy thereof, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven Chandlers hundred and eighty-fix, when any chandler or maker of can- having begun dies, after having given fuch notice as by the faid ad is required, wicks^muft (hall have begun to fpread cottons, wicks, or rulhes, for any proceed till all courfe or making of candles (other than mould candles), fuch for the courfe chandler or maker of candles (hall proceed and continue, with- arefinifhed. out delay or interruption, to fpread all the cottons, wicks, and g”n todip,in rulhes refpeftively intended to be ufed in the fantfe courfe or five hours making of candles, until he, (he, or they (hall have finilhed the after begin-fpreading of all fuch cottons, wicks, and rufhes refpedively; ningtofpread. and the hour and time for beginning to run in or dip fuch cottons, wicks, and rulhes refpedively, whereof fuch notice (hall be given (as by the faid ad is required), (hall not be more than five hours after the beginning to fpread fuch cottons, wicks, and rufhes refpedively, whereof fuch notice (hall be given as by the faid aft is required; and every chandler or maker of

candles.

Hosted by Google

758

cither cafe.

Anno tfecfimo fextb Georgii III. e. 77, [ 1786.

candles, from and after the laid firft day o£ Augufi, one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty-fix, (hall actually begin to run in or dip fuch cottons, wicks, and rufhes within fire hours after he, (he, or they (hall have begun to fpread fuch cottons* and continue wicks, or ruihes, and (hall continue to ruri in or dip fuch cot-1 ourlvhf the tQns* vy^c^s» and ru&es refpedtively, after he, (he, or they (hall finhhed* on ^lave begun to run	or dip, without interruption, until fuch

penalty of 50I. courfe or making of candles (hall be finilhed ; and if any chand- ' for failure in ler or maker of candles, after having given fuch notice as by the faid a£k is required, and after having begun to fpread cottons, wicks, or ruihes, for any courfe or making of candles (other than mould candles), (hall not proceed and continue*. without delay or interruption, to fpread all the cottons* wicks, or ruihes, intended to be ufed in that courfe or making of candles, until he, (he, or they (hall have finifhed the fpreading of all fuch cottonsj wicks, or ruihes, he, (he* or they (hall have intended to be ufed, or which (hall be ufed in fuch courfe or making of candles, or (hall not actually begin to run in or dip fuch cottons, wicks* and ruihes relpe<5iively, within five hours after he, (he, or they (hall have begun to fpread cottons, wicks, or ruihes, or (hall not continue to run in or dip fuch cottons, wicks* or rufhes* after he, (he, or they (hall have begun to run in or dip fuch cottons* wicks, or rufhes, without interruption, until fuch courfe or making of candles (hall be finifhed, every chandler or maker of candles fo offending (hall, for every fuch .offence* forfeit and lofe the futn of fifty pounds*

VIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if in any fuch notice, as is by the faid required to be given, the hour or time for beginning to run in or dip any cottons, wicks, or ru(hes, (hall be fpecified to be more than five hours after the time fpecified in fuch notice for beginning to fpread cottons, wjcks, or ruihes, fuch notice (hall be of no effe&, but be null and void, to all intents and purpofes what-jnencementof fqever, and the ehandler or maker of candies giving the fame void.ng,t0	be	fubjedt and liable to all the fame fines, penalties, and

forfeitures, as he, (he or they would have been if no notice whatfoever had been given.

VIII.	And whereas many traders, fubjeft to the furvey of the officers of excife and inland duties rejpeftively, are fever ally required, by the laws concerning the duties under the management of the commifa fioners of excife, to keep juft and fufficient fcales and weights at the place or places wherein they carry on their refpeftive trades, to be ufed in taking the account of the flocks of fuch traders, who are by the faid laws refpeftively required to be aiding and affijling fuch officers in taking fuch account: and whereas it frequently happens that evil difpofed per fans, who are fubjeft to fuch furvey as afarejdid, have frequently hindered and prevented fuch officers from taking a juft and true account of fuch Jlock, by concealing heavy or other fubftances in the commodities belonging to and part of fuch flock fo to be weighed and taken account of by fuch officers, or by fame art, device, or con* irtvance have prevented and hindered the faid officers front taking fa	e	fucb

If notice fpe-ciftes more than five hours after beginning to fpread, from $he com-

Preamble.

Hosted by Google

ij86.] Anno vicTefimo fcxto GmoRGir III. c. 77.	759

fitch account by the mepmafore faid, although the fcales and weights have been injhemfelvesfitft andfufficient; jfor remedy whereof be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if, at any time or Perfons tiling times after the firft day of Atiguji, one thoufand feven hundred ^and eighty-fix, any trader or traders, fubjed to the furvey of in7akjn|Cel any officer or officers of the excife, or inland duties, and who the weight is or are required, by any law or laws relating to the duties of of (locks, &c. excife, or other duties under the management of the com mi f- to forfeit fioners of excife, to keep juft fcales and weights, (hall, before or 100 # after, or in the weighing of his, her, or their (lock, or any part thereof, put or fuffer, or caufe or procure to be put any other fubftance into the commodity or ftock fo to be weighed* whereby fuch officer or officers might be hindered or prevented from taking a juft and true account of fuch ftock, as is direded and prefcribed by the feveral ads of parliament in that cafe made and provided, or (hall forcibly obftrud or hinder, or (hall, by any art, device, or contrivance, prevent or impede fuch officer, or procure or fuffer him to be prevented or impeded in taking fuch juft and true account of fuch ftock or commodities as aforefaid, the party offending therein (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

IX.	And whereas by an aft made in the nineientb year of his pre- Ad 19 Geo. fent Majejlys reign, (intituled, An ad for the more effedual pre- 3* c* venting the pernicious pradices of Smuggling in this kingdom, feQ and for indemnifying perfons who h$ve been guilty of offences nizancestobe againft the laws of the cuftoms and excife, upon the terms entered into therein mentioned), it was enafted, That in all cafes where bv rafters of officers of cujloms or excife fhould difcover and findy on board any fhip ve^d tl0C£ave or veffiel coming and arriving from foreign parts, within the limits of had on board any of the ports of this kingdom, more than one hundred pounds a larger quan-weight of tea, not being in the Jhips belonging to or employed by the d tea, united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or more than one hundred gallons of foreign brandy, or of other p foreign fpirituous liquor j, over and above the quantity of two gallons for every feaman then belonging to and on board fuch fhip or veffiel, and being in cafks under Jixty gallons, the majler, or other perfon haying or taking the charge of fuch fhip or veffiel, JJjould forfeit the fum of three hundred pounds; and that it fhould and might be lawful, in fuch cafey for any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, and for all other perfons afting in their aid and offijlance,. and they and each of them was and were thereby authorifed to arrefl, take, and detain the faid maft£ry or other perfon fo having the charge or command of fuch fhip or veffiel, and to carry and convey the perfon fo taken before any one of bis Majejiy s jujlices of the peace refiding near to the place where fuch fhip or veffiel Jkould then be, or where fuch perfon fhould be arrejied and takers and the perfon fo carried and conveyed fhould be obliged to enter into a recognizance., as in the faid aft is direfted: and. whereas it has been found by experience^ that the ftngle recognizance of the perfon direfted by the faid aft to enter into the fame is ineffieftud to anfwer the good purpofes by the faid aft intended-9 be it therefore enaded by. the authority aforefaid*

That,

Hosted by Google

fuch matters to enter into a recognizance with one fuf-ficient fecuri ty, for 300I. to enter appearance to informations, and refufing fo to do, to be imprifoned.

Perfons having in pofief-fion Britifh fpirits, etc. for which the duties have not been paid, forfeit the fame and treble the value.

Value to be eftimated at the price of the beft articles of the fort.

Proof to be admitted of officers being authorized to a6t, without producing their particular appointments.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georoii HI. C77. [1786.

That, from'and after the firft day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, every perfon fo carried and conveyed before any one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, according to the directions in the faid in part recited claufe, (hall be obliged to enter into a recognizance to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, before fuch juftice, with one other fufficient furety, to be approved of by fuch juftice, in the fum of three hundred pounds, (which recognizance fuch juftice is hereby required to take), with condition to enter an appearance in the courts of exchequer in England and Scotland refpe&ively, within the firft four days of the term next enfuing fuch arreft, to any information which (hall or may be exhibited againft him ; ana fuch juftice (hall and is hereby required forthwith to tranfmit every fuch recognizance to the King’s remembrancer in fuch of the faid refpe&ive courts; and if fuch perfon (hall refufe to enter into fuch recognizance as aforefaid, then fuch juftice (hall commit fuch perfon to the next county gaol, thereto remain until he (hall enter into fuch recognizance*

X.	And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid, Thar if any perfon or perfons (hall, after the faid firft day of Augufi, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix aforefaid, knowingly receive, buy, or have in his, her, or their cuftody or poffefiion, any Britijh fpirits, foap, or candles, after the fame (hall be re-moved from the refpedive places where the fame were made or manufa&ured, and where the fame ought to have been charged with the duties payable in refpeft thereof, before the faid duty or duties, to which the fame (hall be liable, have been charged, or before fuch Britijh fpirits, foap, or candles, have been lawfully condemned as forfeited, the perfon or perfons offending therein, whether he, (he, or they have or have not, or do or do not claim or pretend to have, any property or intereft therein, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe all fuch Britijh fpirits* foap, and candles fo received, bought, or had in his, her, or their cuftody or poffefiion, and treble the value thereof.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed and declared. That the value of fuch Britijh fpirits, foap, and candles refpedtively fo forfeited (hall, from time to time, be deemed and taken to be according to, and at the rate and rates, price and prices, as the beft goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities of the like forts, kinds, and denominations, do or (hall bear and fell for in Londwy at the time when fuch penalty (hall be incurred.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if, upon the trial of any indidment, information, a<5Hon, fuit, or profecution whatfoever, or in any proceedings relative thereto, any queftion (hall arife, whether any perfon be an officer of any branch of his Majefty’s revenues, or commiffioned or deputed to a<ft as fuch, proof (hall and may be made and admitted, that fuch perfon was reputed to be or had as fuch exercifed fuch office, or a<9ed under fuch commiffion or deputation, at the refpe&ive time and times when the matter of matters in controverfy upon fuch trial or trials, or other pro-

ceedings.

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno viceficno fexto GeorgiI III. c. 77.	761

ceedings, (hall happen to have been done or committed, or omitted to have been done or performed, without producing or proving the particular commiffion, deputation, or other authority whereby fuch officer was coiiftituted and appointed; and that in every fuch cafe fuch proof (hall be deemed and taken, by all judges, juftices, or commiffioners, before whom any fuch trial or proceeding (hall be had, to be good and legal evidence, unlefs by other evidence the contrary (hall be made to appear $ any law or ufage to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand A&ions for feven hundred and eighty-fix, it (hall not be lawful for any	6

perfon or perfons whatfoever to commence, profecute, enter, name 0f tjje or file, or caufe or procure to be commenced, profecuted, en- attorney ge-tered, or filed, any adlion, bill, plaint, or information, or ac- neral, or of tions, bills, plaints, or informations, in any of his Majefty’s courts, againft any perfon or perfons, for the recovery of any or excife/or fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, to be void, made or incurred by virtue of any adt or adts now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to either of his Majefty’s revenues of cuftoms or excife, unlefs the fame be commenced, profecuted, entered, or filed, in the name of his Majefty’s attorney general, or in the name or names of fome officer or officers of fome or one of his Majefty’s faid revenues; and if any adlion, bill, plaint, or information, a&ions, bills, plaints, or informations, is or are commenced, profecuted, entered, or filed, in any other perfon or perfons name or names, than is in that behalf before mentioned, the fame, and all proceedings thereupon had, are hereby declared to be null and void; and the faid court or courts, where fuch adtion, bill, plaint, or information, or adiions, bills, plaints, or informations, is, are, or (hall be fo commenced, profecuted, entered, or filed, (hall not permit or fuffer any proceeding or proceedings to be had thereupon.

XIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any profecution (hall be commenced or depending Attorney ge-by any officer or officers of either of his Majefty’s revenues of neral may en. cuftoms or excife, for the recovery of any fine, penalty, or for- ter a noli pro-feiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, incurred by virtue of adion^for^ any adf or adis of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be fines, made, relating to either of his Majefty’s faid revenues, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty’s attorney general, in cafe it (hall appear to his fatisfadtion that fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, or fines, penalties, or forfeitures, was or were incurred without any intention of fraud, to (top all further proceedings, by entering a Noli profequU or otherwife, on every fuch information, as well with refpedt to the (hare of fuch forfeiture, fine, penalty, or fines, penalties, or forfeitures, to which any fucK officer or officers (hall or may claim to be Entitled, as to the (hare thereof belonging to his Majefty; any law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

£V. And whereas the laws already made for the fecuring the du~

■ ~	ties

Hosted by Google

yfa	Anno	vlcefimo'fexto Georgii; HL c. 7% Cx785*

ties of excife itnpofed oh rum or fpirits of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of bis Mnjeftf s Britifh fughr plantations, imported into the kingdom of Great Britain directly from the faidfugar plan-lotions, or any of them, have been found infufficienc and ineffectual; for remedy whereof ' be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Officers, on That, from and after the firft day of Augufl, one thoufand fe* uotice, may ven hundred and eighty-fix, it (hall and may be lawful for the housesgauge °fficers °f his Majefty’s revenue of excife, or any of them* rums,&c. and from time to time,-and at all times, by day and by night take famples. (and if in the night time, in the prefence of a conftable dr other officer of the peace), upon previous notice for that purpofe having been given to any fuch importer or proprietor, importers or proprietors, or left at his, her, or their d welling houfe, or with his, her, or their known agent or fervant, ufually entrufted with the key of the lock affixed to any fuch warehoufe by fuch importer or proprietor, importers or proprietors, by the fpace of one hour, or more, to enter into all and every fuch ware-houfes, and by rafting, gauging, or dtherwife, to take an ae-,	count of the quantity and quality of all rum, fpirits, ftrong wa-

ters, or other liquors, as (hall, at the time of fuch his or their entry, be found therein 5 and alfo to take a fample or famples of all fuch rum, fpirits, ftrong waters, or . other liquors, not exceeding half a pint in the whole, out of each cafk or other veffel containing the fame, paying, if demanded, at and after the rate of three (hillings for each and every gallon of fuch rum, fpirits, or ftrong waters, and at and after the rate of three (hillings for each and every gallon of fuch other liquors ; Perfons ob- and in cafe any fuch importer or proprietor, importers or ftru&ingthe proprietors, or any agent, fervant, or workmen to him, her, feh^ool0 f°r" °r t^em belonging, (hall, after fuch notice given as afore fa id* hinder or refufe the faid officer or officers to enter into any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes to take fuch account as aforefaid, or (hall refufe to permit or fuffer any fuch officer or officers to take any fuch famples as aforefaid, upon his or their offering to pay for the fame as aforefaid, or (hall any wife obftruft or hinder him or them in taking fuch fample or famples, fuch importer or proprietor,'importers or proprietors, (ball, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

XVI* And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Warrants That, from and after the firft day of Augufl, one thoufand fe-^To^officers" ven ^un<^re(^ anc^ eighty-ifix, upon oath made by any credible forcibly to en’ perfon or perfons, that he, (he, or they, have reafon to fufpedi ter ware- or believe that the proprietor or importer, proprietors or im-houfes, vifited porters, of fuch rum or fpirits lodged and put into any ware-efors without ^ou^e or warehoufes, under the dire&ion and authority of the their know- ftatute in that cafe made and provided, or any other perfon or ledge*	perfons	whatsoever, do mean and intend, without the privity,

confent, and knowledge of the officer or officers of his Ma-jefty’s revenue of excife, within whofe diftriS or divifion fuch warehoufe or warehoufes (hall be fituated, in the night time to enter or go into fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, wherein fuch

run)

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefitno fexto GboROII III; c. 77,	76j

rum or fpirits are or (hall be fo lodged and put, or that fuch proprietor or importer, proprietors or importers, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, (hall at any time a&ually be in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes without the privity and confent of fuch officer.or officers as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of the commiffioners of excife, within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or any one or ^ more of the juftices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, (which oath they the faid commiffioners, and juftices of the peace, refpedively, are hereby authorized to adminifter), from time to time, to iffue their refpedtive warrants, author rizing and requiring any ofpcer or officers of excife (with the af-fiftance of a conftable, or other peace officer) to enter fuch warehoufe and warehoufes, by force or othervyife, and that every fuch warrant (hall and may be obeyed and executed accordingly; and if fuch proprietor or importer, proprietors or Perfons ob-importers, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever, (hall hinder ftru&int? offi-or refufe the faid officer or officers, or any other perfon or per- to forfeit fons, in his aid or affiftance, from entering fuch warehoufe or ao warehoufes, or (hall hinder or obftruft the faid officer or officers in the due execution of the faid warrant, the perfon or perfons offending therein (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That if, from and after the firft day of Augujl^ one thoufand fe- If an unfair ven hundred and eighty-fix, any officer or officers of excife (hall	or

difcover and find in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, any increafe found*in the 1 of rum or fpirits (other than and except fuch as (hall arife from ftock of rum, fuch rum or fpirits as (hall have been imported and landed as See. in any aforefaid, and lodged and put into fuch warehoufe or ware- warehoufe, houfes, under the direction and authority of the ftatutes in that toforfc?tcodr cafe made and provided) over and above the quantity of rum or fpirits which the officer found in fuch warehoufe or warehouses at the time of the laft preceding furvey upon fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, of (hall difcover and find, in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, any decreafe of rum or fpirits (other than and except fuch decreafe as (hall arife from fuch rum or fpirits delivered out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, according to the form of the ftatutes in that cafe made and provided, pr as (hall arife from leakage or other unavoidable accident) under and below the quantity of rum or fpirits which the of* ficer found in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes at the time of the laft preceding furvey upon fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, fuch increafe or decreafe (hall be deemed and taken to have been made by means of the .proprietor or importer, proprietors or importers, of fuch rum or fpirits fo imported and landed, and lodged and put into fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, under the dire&ion and authority of the ftatute in that cafe made and provided, having by fame means, a&, device, or contrivance, opened fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, not in the prefence of jthe proper warehoufe-keeper, or other officer of excife, whofe bufinefs it is to attend with the key to open the farrie j and in

every

Hosted by Dogle

7^4

Preamble,

Perfons af-faulting officers, &c. or attempting tc reicue prohibited goods, to be bound withtwofure* ties to appear to informations!

and refufing to become bound, to be imprifoned.

Penalties and forfeitures

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii TIL €• 77. [1786.

every fuch cafe fuch importer or proprietor, importers or proprietors, (hall forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, five hundred pounds.

XVIII.	And whereat perfons who have been guilty of ajfaulting or objlruCling officers of the cufoms or excife in the due execution of their offices, or of refeuing, or attempting to refeue, goods feized by fuch officers, or of offences againjl the laws reffecting quarantine, being profecuted for the fame by indictment or information in his Majejly’s court of king’s bench, do frequently efcape punifhment by reajon that Juch perfons have not been ufually put under any recognizance to anfwer fuch indictment or information, unlefs in cafes where fame fpecific pecuniary penalty is impofed, or where the offence having been committed in the county of Middlefex, an indictment for the fame has been originally found in the faid court of king’s bench; for remedy thereof, be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That whenever any perfon or perfons {hall be charged with af-faulting or obftruCting any officer or officers of the cuftoms or 1 excife, in the due execution of his or their office or offices, or any perfon or perfons acting in his or their aid or afliftance, or with refeuing, or attempting to refeue by force any uncuf-tomed or prohibited goods, after feizure thereof by fuch officer or officers, or with any offence againft any law refpecting quarantine, and the fame (hall be made appear to any judge of his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, by affidavit or by certificate of an indictment or information being filed againft fuch perfon or perfons in the faid court for fuch offence, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch judge to iffue his warrant in writing under his hand and feal, and thereby to caufe fuch perfon or perfons to be apprehended and brought before him, or fome other judge of the faid court, or before fome one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, in order to his, her, or their being bound to the King’s majefty with two fufficient fureties in fuch fum as in the faid warrant (hall be expreffed, with condition to appear in the faid court at the time mentioned in fuch warrant, and to anfwer to all and Angular indictments or informations for any the offences aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (haft negleCt or refufe to become bound as dforefaid, it (hall be lawful for fuch judge, or juftice of the peace refpc&ively, to commit fuch perfon or perfons to the common gaol of the county, city, or place, where the offence (hall have been committed, or where he, (he, or they (hall have been apprehended, until he, (he, or they (hall have become bound as aforefaid, or (hall be di(charged by order of the faid court of king’s bench in term time, or by one of the judges of the faid court in vacation; and the recognizance or recognizances to be taken thereupon (hall be returned and filed in the faid court, and (hall continue in force until fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been acquitted of fuch offence, or in cafe of conviction, (hall have received judgement for the fame, unjefs fooner ordered by the faid court tQ be difeharged*	>

XIX. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this aft,

flialjj

Hosted by Google * .

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 78.	765

(hall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, howto be re-means or methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture, may be cov?.r^,d and fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any law or laws of app excife, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any, of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJlminjler, or in the court, of exchequer in Scotland^ refpeftively ; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fhall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who fhall inform, difcover, or fue for the fame.

XX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any action or fuit (ball be brought or commenced againft Limitation of any perfon or perfons for any thing by him or them done in actions, purfuance of this aft, fuch aftion or fuit fhall be commenced, within one month next after the matter or thing done, and fhall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or fuit may plead the general ifiue, and General iflue. give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon 5 and if afterwards a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall be-' come nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their aftion or profecution, or judgement fhall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or Treble cofts, them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

C A P. LXXVIII.

An aft for better fecuring the duties on paper printed, painted, or flawed^ in Great Britain.

WHEREAS, notwithjlahding the laws already made for fe~ Preamble.

curing the duties on paper, printed, painted, or Jlained, in Great Britain, to ferve for hangings and other ufes, many frauds are frequently praftifed, tojhe great lofs of the revenue, and to the injury of the fair trader, by evil minded and indigent perfons, who are encouraged in their evil praftices by the length of time allowed by law for the payment of thoje duties, and for the want offome further regulations: and whereas, by an aft of parliament pajfed in the tenth year of the reign of queen Anns, intituled. An aft for laying fe- to Annse, c. veral duties upon all foap and paper made in Great Britain, or 19, recited in imported into the fame* and upon chequered and ftriped linens Part5 imported 5 and upon certain filks, callicoes, linens, and fluffs printed, painted,* or ftained ; and upon feveral kinds of damped vellum, parchment, and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertifements, for raifing the fum of eighteen hundred thoufand,pounds, by way of a lottery, towards her Majefty’s fupply; and for licenfing an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice; and for better fecuring her Majefty’s duties to arife in the office for the ftarrrp duties by licences for marriage^, and otherwife; and for relief of perfons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have loft exchequer bills or Vol. XXXV.	E ee	lottery

Anno vicefimo lexto Geor<5ii III. c. 78.	[1786.

lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock, part of the capital of the South Sea company, for the ufe of the publick; it wasx among other things, enaCled, That from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, during the continuance of the duties upon paper, all and every perfm and per Jons who Jhould print, paint, or Jlajn any paper in Great Britain Jhould, once in every fix weeks, make a true entry in writing at the next office for the jaid duties upon paper, of all the paper by him, her, or them feverally made fit for ufe within fuch fix weeks reflectively, and that all and every perfon and p erf oris who Jhould. print, paint, or Jlain any paper in Great Britain, Jhould from time to time, within fix weeks after he, Jhe, or they Jhould make, or ought to have made fuch entry as aforejaid, pay and clear off'all the Jaid duties for all fuch paper as Jhould by them refpeCtively be printed, painted, or ftained, fo as to be fit for ufe or fale: and whereas the allowing Jo long a time for the making the entries, and for the paying *	the duties as afore fold, hath been found prejudicial to the revenue;

for remedy thereof, be it enadied by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords, fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament and from affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and Sept. 1,1786, after the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundredand fa much as eighty-fix, fo much of the faid adl as requires any printer, paoerfta^ners Pa^nter’ or ft^ner of paper, to make fuch entries, onc^e in every &c. making * fix weeks, of all paper by him, her, or them printed, painted, entries once or ftained, within fuch fix weeks, or to pay and clear off all du-in fix weeks ties for the fame within fix weeks after he* (he, dr. they (hould ftained^tc ma^e5 or ought to have made, fuch entries as aforefaid, (hall toberepealed. repealed, fave only and except in all cafes relating to the recovering any arrears, which may at that time remain unpaid of the faid duties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which (hall have been incurred upon, or at any time before the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix,

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. From Sept, i, That, from and after the faid firft day of September, one jfiou-1786, entries fand feven hundred and eighty-fix, all and every perfon and every fort- perfons, who (hall print, paint, or (lain any paper in Great night t>f all Britain, to ferve for hangings or other ufes, (hall, once in eyery paper ftained, fortnight, make a true entry in writing at the next office for etc. on penal- the faid duties, of all the paper by him, her, or them printed, tyofjoh painted, or ftained, within fuch fortnight refpe&ively, which entries (hall contain the juft kinds and quantities thereof, re-fpe&ively, on pain to forfeit, for every negle<5t of fuch entry, the fum of fifty pounds; which entries (hall be made upon oath (or, in cafe of a Quaker, upon folemn affirmation) of the printer, painter, or ftainer of fuch paper, or of Ins, her, or their chief workman or fervant employed in the printing, paint-l ing, or ftaioing fuch paper, according to* the heft of his, her, or their knowledge or belief; which oaths or affirmations fliall and may be adminiftered by the proper colledor, fupervifor, or furveyor of the faid duties of the diftridt or divifion within which

fuch

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vIceGmo fexto Georgii III. c. 78.	767*

fuch printer* painter, or ftainer of paper doth inhabit, without any fee or charge for the fame.

III.	And be it further enafted, That all and every perfon Duties to be

and perfons, who (hall print, paint, or ftain any paper in £aid Fa Great Britain, (hall, from time to time, within a fortnight af- teMbch alter he, (he, or they (hall have made, or ought to have made, tries made,on fuch entry as aforefaid, pay and clear off all the duties for all penalty of for-fuch paper as (hall by them refpeftively be printed, painted, or ^hing double ftained, upon pain of forfeiting, for every default therein, 116 duties* double the fum of the faid	duty whereof the payment (hall be

fo neglefted; and that no	fuch perfon,	after fuch	default in	If goods	are

payment made, (hall fell,	deliver, or	carry out,	any fuch	delivered be-

printed, painted, or ftained	paper, until	he or (he	hath paid

and cleared off his or her duty as aforefaid, u^on pain to for- double their feit double the value of the goods fo fold, delivered, or car- value to be ried out.	forfeited.

IV. And whereas divers printers, painters, or ftainers of paper, have large quantities of paper now in their pojfeffton, which has been taken account oft but is not charged with the duties; and as it may be very inconvenient for fuch printer s, painters, or ftainers of paper, to pay all fuch duties within a fortnight after this aft takes place ; be

it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That every printer. The duties on painter, or ftainer of paper, for hangings or other ufes, who, ftockat Sept, on the firft day of September^ one thoufand feven hundred and	in 6^

eighty-fix, (hall have any paper in his poffeffion which has been months, or in taken account of, and which is not already charged with the a fortnight duties, (hall produce the fame to the officer appointed to take afteranyparts an account of and charge the duties thereon, and the fame (hall be meafured, marked, and charged with the duties 5 and the n faid printer, painter, or ftainer, (halL pay the duties for the fame within fix months after the faid charge (hall be fo made; or if the faid paper, or any part thereof, (hall be finifhed in lefs time, then fuch printer, painter, or ftainer, (hall pay the duties for the faid paper, or any part thereof, within one fortnight after the fame (hall be fo finilhed refpeftively.

V.	And whereas by a certain other aft of parliament, paffed in A ft 1 Geo. 1. 'the firft year of the reign of King George the Firft, intituled, An aft ?• 3^» recited

• for charging and continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder,in part* and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen; and for compelling feveral receivers to finilh and clear their accounts; and for making duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders, loft, burnt, or de-ftroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjufting claims to certain benefit tickets; and for allowing the charge of executing the lottery aft, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ten; and for recovering monies of feveral land 'taxes, refting In the hands of colleftors orconftables at Saint Albans 5 and for preventing frauds in the duties upon fope; and for limiting a time for perfons who have certain annuities for life or lives, to demand the payments thereupon at the exchequer; and for preventing frauds in the duties relating to

E e e 2	printed

y68;	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgh III. c. 7S. [1786.

printed and painted paper, callicoes, and other things therein mentioned; it was, among other things, enafted, That before any faper Jhould be printed, painted, or Jiainei,	officers for the duties

thereon Jhould be permitted to take accounts of the quantities and di-menftons of all paper for printing, painting, or flaming, which, at any time or times, Jhould be in the cuflody or pojfejjion of any fuch printer, painter, or Jlainer, and upon taking fuch account thereof, Jhould mark or ftamp every Jheet and piece thereof with a Jlamp or feal, provided as by the faid aft is direfted: and whereas the flamping every Jheet of paper, in cafes where many Jheet s of paper are afterwards joined to-' gether in one piece, in order to be printed, painted, orflained, is found inefficient to fecu re the duties on fuch paper, and it is neceffiary that fome further additional mark or (lamp Jhould be put on every fuch piece of paper, or Jheet of paper, where a fingle Jloeet Jhall be printed, painted, or flained; be it further enacted by the authority afore-From Sept, i, faid, That, from and after the faid firft day of September, one if paper thoufand (even hundred and eighty-fix, every printer, painter, beftained &c. or ^3iner °f paper, in Great Britain, to ferve for hangmgs and before mea- other ufes, before he, (he, or they fhall print, paint, or (lain, fured and any piece of paper, or any (beet of paper, where a fingle (heet marked, to be Qf paper fhall be printed, painted, or ftained, (hall produce and

toLptnaIty ^lew P*ece PaPer> or ^eet °f PaPer> t0 proper incurred for officer for the faid duties, and fuch officer (hall take an account every piece.1 thereof; and in cafe fuch officer finds that every (heet thereof is marked or (lamped as by the aforefaid a6l is required, he (hall meafure the fame, and mark fuch piece of paper, or fuch (heet of paper, where a fingle (heet (hall be printed, painted, or ftained, at both ends thereof, with a frame mark, denoting the meafure thereof, and with fuch other number or mark as the commiffioners for the faid duties (hall diredl; and in cafe any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, (hall begin to print, paint, or (lain any piece of paper, or any (heet of paper, where a fingle (heet of paper (hall he printed, painted, or ftained, before the fame (hall have been meafured and marked at both ends thereof by the officer for the faid duties, as by this a<ft is directed, every fuch piece or (heet of paper (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer for the laid duties, and the printer, painter, or ftainer, in whofe pofftffion the fame (hall be found, (hall alfo forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch piece of paper or {heet of paper fo printed, painted, or ftained, without having been meafured and marked as aforefaid.

VI.	And, to the end that paper printed, painted, or flained, and already charged with the duties thereon, may not be improperly feized. Paper for be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That at any bee hav" l*me ^e^ore	^ay January-> one thoufand feven hundred

been chargecf anc* eighty-feven, any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, or before Sept. 1, any dealer in printed, painted, or ftained paper, may give two 1786, may be days notice to the proper officer for the faid duties, that he de-ftampt before fires to have fuch printed, painted, or ftained paper, which has jan. j, 17 7; keen already charged with the faid duties before the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, to he ... v	marked

1785.] Anno vicefimo jexto Georgii III. C. 78.	7^

marked .and ftamped according to the directions of this a$; and fuch officer, having received fuch notice as aforefaid, (hall attend, and in cafe he mall find that every fheet of fuch paper is marked or ftamped as by the faid former aCts is required * he*

(hall (lamp or feal every piece of fuch paper fo	already	charged

with the faid duties, and every (beet, where	a fingle	fheet is

printed, painted, or ftained, at both ends thereof, with fuch

ltamp or feal as is by this aCt dire&ed to be ufed, to denote that

the duties have been charged thereupon, or with fuch other

ftamp or feal as the commiffioners for the faid duties (hall direct

to be ufed ; and from and after the faid firft: day of January, one and after Jan.

thousand feven hundred and eighty-feven, every piece of paper

printed, painted, or ftained, and every fheet of fuch paper, ^et found in

where a Angle (beet (hall be printed, painted, or ftained, that the pofieffion

(hall be found in the poffeffion of any printer, painter, or ftainer of a dealer to

of any paper, or of any dealer therein, (hall be	deemed	to have	deemed to

been printed, painted, or ftained after the faid	firft day	of Sep-	ftalnedafter

tember, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix; and in cafe Sept. 1,1786,

the fame (hall not be ftamped and fealed at both ends thereof, and feizable if

as by rhis aCl is directed, the fame fhall be forfeited, and may nQt itampt.

be feized by any officer of the exeife'or for the faid duties.

VII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

That, from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand After Jan. r, feven Hundred and eighty-feven, nb perfon (hall be intitled to drawback to any drawback of the duties upon paper printed, painted, or be allowed on ftained in Great Britain, upon the exportation of any fuch paper paper ftained printed, painted, or ftained, before the faid firft day of September, before Sept. 1, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, that (hall not have J7?* ftmtJt fuch ftamp or feal at both ends thereof, as is herein-before u y P ‘ laftly dire&ed, any thing in this aCt to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

VIII.	And whereas printers, painters, or Jlainers of paper may frequently have occafm to cut pieces of paper, printed, painted or fained, into remnants or parts for famples, or for other purpofes, be

it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That when any printer. Pieces cut for painter, or ftainer of paper (hall be defirous of cutting any piece b^ma^k^by* or pieces of paper, printed, painted, or ftained, into remnants tbe officer on or parts, fuch printer, painter, or ftainer, (hall give fix hours every fample* notice to the proper officer for the faid duties, and fuch officer ihall attend and fee the frame marks and (lamps put, as hereinbefore dire&ed, at both ends of every fuch piece of paper, cut off every fuch piece or pieces of paper; and after having feen fuch piece or pieces of paper cut into remnants or parts, (hall ftamp or mark every fuch remnant or part, at each end thereof, with fuch (lamps or marks as the commiffioners for the faid duties (hall from time to time direCl, which (lamps or marks the commiffioners for the faid duties are hereby authorifed to provide for that purpofe.

IX.	And whereas divers printers, painters, or Jlainers of paper do frequently obtain long delays of charging the duties upon paper by t them printed, painted, or fained, upon pretence that they intend to add

, E e e 3	form

Hosted by Google

ifo *

Duties to be charged, etc, as foon as paper is ftained.

and 50I. penalty to be incurred for every piece of paper removed before ftampt, with forfeiture of the paper.

Officers to charge the duties for paper miffing*

Paper not charged with the duties to be kept fepa-rate, on penalty of 50I.

Perfons fraudulently concealing paper to forfeit lool.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 78. [1786.

fome other colour or fome other figure to the fame, and that the fame is not finijbed> which delays are detrimental to the revenue; for remedy thereof be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, as foon as any paper (hall be printed, painted, or ftained with any colour, or with any figure, the officer for the faid duties (hall take an account of the fame, and (hall charge the duties for the fame, and (hall (lamp or feal every piece of fuch paper, or every (heet, where any (ingle (heet (hall be printed, painted, or ftained, at both ends of every fuch piece or (heet, with a (lamp or feal, to denote that the duties have been charged thereon; and if any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper (hall remove, carry, or fend away, or fuffer to be removed, carried, or fent away, any piece or (beet of printed, painted, or ftained paper, before the fame (hall have been taken account of, and damped or fealed at both ends thereof by the officer, to denote the charging the faid duties, every fuch printer, painter, or ftainer of paper (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds, and all fuch printed, painted, or ftained paper, fo removed without being damped or fealed by the officer, to denote the charging the faid duties, and being found in the pof-feffion of any dealer in printed, painted, or ftained paper (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer for the faid duties.

X.	And, for the better prevention of frauds, be at further enabled, That in cafe any officer or officers for the faid duties on paper printed, painted, or ftained, (hall mifs any quantity or quantities of fuch paper whereof he had taken an account, and marked the fame with a frame mark, and lhall not, upon rea-fonable demand, receive fatisfa<ftion what is become of the fame, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch officer to charge fuch printer, painter, or ftainer of paper with the duties of fuch paper fo miffing, as if the fame were a&ualfy printed, painted, or ftained.

XI.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid. That every printer, painter, or ftainer of any fuch paper as aforefaid, (hall, from time to time, keep all the paper by him, her, or them refpedtively printed, painted, or ftained, and which (hall not have been damped and charged by the proper officer for the faid duties, feparate and apart from all other printed, painted, or ftained paper which (hall have been (lamped and charged by fuch officer, on pain to forfeit, for every offence therein, the fum of fifty pounds.

XIT. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That if any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, (hall fraudulently hide or conceal, or caufe to be hid or concealed, any printed, painted, or ftained paper, or any paper marked for printing, painting, or daining, with intent to defraud his Ma-jefty of his juft duties thereon, then, and in every fuch cafe, the party fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred ,pounds for every fuch offence#

XIII. And

Hosted by Googl

1786.] Anna vieefimo ftxto GeoRGII III. c. 78*.	771

XIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,'

That the comraiflioners for the faid duties (hall, on or before Commiffion-the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and .prope^raarks^ eighty-fix, provide proper frames, and fuch other numbers or]»tc#.	*

marks as they (hall think fit, to denote the meafure of all pieces * or (heets of paper, printed, painted, or (lained, and proper (lamps or feals to denote the charging the duties thereon; and (hall caufe the faid refpedlive frames, numbers, and marks, and the faid (lamps and feals to be diftributed to the refpedtive offi-cers for the feveral purpofes beforeHnentioned; which officers ^r3 ^ufing are hereby enjoined and required in ufing the fame to do no them to do hurt or damage, or the lead damage that may be, to the paper theleaft pofli-to be fo marked ot (lamped; and the faid frames, numbers,^ damage and marks, and the faid (lamps or feals, to be provided in pur- t0 the PaPcr# fuance of this adt, and alfo the faid marks or (lamps provided in purfuance of the faid former a£l, may be altered or renewed, from time to time, as the faid commfffioners (hall from time to time think fit; and if any perfon whatfoever (hall at any time Penalty on counterfeit or forge any frame, number, or mark, ufed by the mafks^&c. officers for the laid duties in marking fuch paper, or (hall * counterfeit or forge the impreffion of the fame, upon any paper to be printed, painted, or (lained, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds; and if any perfon whatfoever fnall at any time counterfeit or forge any (lamp or feal, to refemble any (lamp or feal which (hall be provided in purfuance of this a£t, to denote the charging the duties on paper printed, painted, or (lained, in Great Britain, or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of the fame, upon any paper printed, painted, or (lained, thereby to defraud his Ma-jefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of the duties on fuch paper printed, painted, or (lained, then every perfon fo offending, being thereof convidled in due form of law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy; and in cafe any perfon (hall at any time fell any fuch printed, painted, or (lained paper, with a counterfeit (lamp thereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, every fuch offender (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid,i

That if, at any time after the faid firft day of September^' one Perf?n9 °hK-

thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, any printer, painter, or ^arks^to for-

(lainer of paper, (hall wilfully cut out, obliterate or deface, or'feit 50I.

wilfully fuffer to be cut out, obliterated or defaced, the frame

mark, number, or mark put by the officer on any piece or (heet

of paper, to denote the meafure thereof, every fuch printer,

painter, or (lainer of paper (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds

for every piece of paper, or (heet of paper, on which the frame

mark, number, or mark put by the officer, (hall be fo wilfully

cut out, obliterated, or defaced.

XV.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid,

E e e 4	That

Hosted by

Google

77*	Anno	viccfimo	fexto GeoRGH III, c. 78. [1786.

Perfons affix- That if at afiy time after the faid firft day of September, one to t^lou^an^ ^even hundred and eighty-fix, any printer, painter, or forfeit'501/	ftainer of paper (hall, by any means or contrivance, with intent

and the paper, to defraud his Majefty of his juft duties, affix upon any piece of paper, or flieet of paper, printed, painted, or (lained, any frame mark, or any (lamp or feal which (hall have been before affixed on any other piece of paper, or (heet of paper, printed, painted, or ftained, then, and in every fuch cafe, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fi^m of fifty" pounds, and alfo every piece or (beet of fuch paper, whereupon fuch frame mark, (lamp, or feal, (hall be fo fraudulently affixed* .

XVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid*, *

Perfonskeep-	no	printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, (hall keep any '

ing paper m-	. \ ,	\	r	.	n	r	1

anyplace, of PaPer printed, painted, or (tamed, or to be printed, painted, or-

which notice ftained, marked with a frame mark denoting the meafure th£r£- ' has not been of, or with a (lamp or feal derioting’ the charging the duties offiCer °o fo t^,efeon’ or unmarked with either fuch frame mark, or fuch feUjol and^ ^arnP» in anY warehoufe, room, or place, whereof no notice the.paper. fhali have been given to the officer for the faid duties on paper printed, painted, or ftained; and if any fuch paper printed, painted, or ftained, or to be printed, painted, or ftained, whether marked with a frame mark or unmarked, or (lamped or undamped, (hall be found in the poffeffion of any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, in any warehoufe, room or place, whereof no notice (hall have been given to the officer for the faid duties, then, and in every fuch cafe, the party fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, for every fuch offence, and all fuch paper fd found (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer for the faid duties.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

Warrantsmay That at any time or times, upon oath made by any credible per-ferd?"for^ a- ^on or Per*ons> ^ieJ or they have reafon to fufped pr pTrfufpcded believe, that any paper printed, painted, or ftained in Great not to be duly Britain, after the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven (tamped, hundred and eighty-fix, for which a duty ought to have been whicb may be or charge^ or which ought to have been (lamped, as by C1ZC J	this ad is directed, is or (hall be in the cuftody or poffeffion of

any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, or other perfon trading or dealing therein, or of any perfon or perfons, for the ufe or account of fuch printer, painter, or ftainer, or other trader or dealer in printed, painted, or ftained paper for fale, without having thereupon fuch (lamps or feals as are by this ad: required to denote the charging the duties thereupon, it (hall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of the faid duties in England or Scotland refpedively, or any two of them, within their refpedive limits, or for any one juftice of the peace in any other parts of Great Britain, from time to time, to iffue their refpedive warrants or orders, thereby authorizing and requiring any officer or officers for the faid duties, with the affiftance of a conftable or other officer of the peace, in the day time, to fearch for the fame* and to open doors, chelts, trunks, and packages, and to

feize

Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 78-	7*73

feize fuch paper, printed, painted, or ftained, after the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and not having fuch (lamps or feals thereon as are by this adfc required, and to bring' the fame to the excife office next to the place where the fame (hall be feized, and that every fuch warrant (hall be obeyed and executed accordingly; and fuch paper, printed,, painted, or ftained, after the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, fo found unftamped,

•in the poljeflion of fuch printer, painter, or ftainer, or other trader or dealer, for fale, or in the pofleffion of any other perfon Tor jthe ufe of fuch printer, painter, or ftainer, trader of dealer, for fale, (hall be forfeited : provided always, that no remnant of bllt no rem-% any piece of fuch printed, painted, or ftained paper, being of lefs lengtiT length than (hall be exprefled by the frame mark, thereon, being than the Toyrtd in the *poffeflion of fuch printer, painter, or ftainer of frame mark paper, or trader or dealertherern, having fuch (lamp or feal, as to be forfeit-by this a6l is required, at one end thereof, (hall be forfeited, by reafon of not having fuch (lamps or feals at both ends thereof; at both ends* and if any perfon or perfons (hall obftrud or hinder any of the pei-fons Gb-aforefaid officers from entering any fuch place or places for the (trusting offi-purpofes aforefaid, or in feizing or carrying away any paper, by cers, &c. for-this a6l declared to be forfeited, every perfon or perfons fo ofT ^eit $ob fending (hall forfeit and pay the Turn of fifty pounds.

XVIII.	And, for the better preventing of frauds, by the lengthening or adding to any piece, or remnant of a piece, of fuch printed, painted, or jlained paper, after fuch piece of paper flail have been Jlamped or fealed at both ends thereof as by this act is required; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if, at any time havin' The after the (aid firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred frame mark and eightyfix, any piece, or remnant of a piece of paper, print- or being ed, painted, or ftained, after the faid firft day of September, one marked at thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, not having fuch frame °,Iie ^°d only, mark and (lamp thereon as is by this acl required, or having fejte$ ancp fuch frame mark and (lamp at one end thereof only, and being alfo jol.

of as great or greater length than (hall be exprefled by fuch frame mark, or having fuch frame mark and (lamp at both ends thereof, and being of greater length than (lull be exprefled by fuch frame mark by the length of half a yard, or more, (hall'be found in the pofleffion of any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, every fuch piece of paper or remnant (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer for the faid duties, and the printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, in whofe pofleffion the fame (hall be found, ihall alfo forfeit and lofe the lum of fifty pounds.

XIX.	And, in order more effectually to prevent any frauds by flipping for exportation to foreign parts, any fuch printed, painted, or . jlained paper, and obtaining a drawback of the duties payable for the fame, and afterwards relanding and jelling ‘the fame for home con-fuwption, be it further Cnadled by the authority aforefaid. That,

from and after the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven gepr; 1?g£ hundred and eighty-fix, whenever any perfon (hall be defirous is exported,

of

oath to be made of the fad.

Nd paper ftained after Sept, i, 1786, to be permit-ted'to be packed for exportation, unlefs legally marked, &c.

Officer to meafure paper exported, and cut off the marks, &c.

How fines are to be recovered and applied.

Limitation of actions.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 7 8. [ 17 86.

of packing up, in order to be exported to foreign parts, by way of merchandize, any paper printed, painted, or ftained, before the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, in Great Britain, to ferve for hangings and other ufes, and not having 'fuch ftamps or feals denoting the charging the faid duties, and fuch frame marks denoting the meafure thereof, at both ends of every piece of fuch paper, or of every (heet of fuch paper, where any fingle (heet is printed, painted, or ftained, as are by this ad required, fuch perfon, or his clerk or manager, (hall make oath (or, being a Quaker, affirmation) before the furveyor or.fupervifor, or other officer, of excife, appointed by the commiflioners of excife, or the major part of them, for that purpofe (who is hereby authorifed add required to adminifter the fame), that all and every fuch piece and pieces, or (heet or (beets of paper were printed, painted, or ftained in Great Britain, before the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred an,d eighty-fix; and fuch officer or officers (hall not permit to be packed up in order to be exported, any piece of paper, or any (heet of paper, printed, painted, or ftained in Great Britain, after the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, not having the ftamps or feals directed by this ad denoting the charging the faid duties, and alfo the frame marks denoting the meafure thereof, diftind and plain at both ends of every fuch piece of paper, or (heet of paper, where a (ingle (heet (hall be printed, painted, or ftained ; and the officer or officers who (hall attend to fee fuch paper, fo printed, painted, or ftained, after the faid firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, packed up, (hall take care to meafure the faid paper, and to fee that the ftamps or feals direded by this ad denoting the' charging of the duties thereupon, and alfo the frame marks denoting the meafure thereof, are cut off from both ends of every piece of fuch paper, or every (heet of fuch paper, wherea fingle (heet-(hall be printed, painted, or ftained, before the fame are packed up.

XX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this ad, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at lVeftminJler> or in the court of exchequer in Scotlandrefpedively; and that one moiety ot every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difeover, or fije for the fame.

XXL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any adion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing by him, her, or them done in purfuance of this ad, fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant

or

Hosted by Google

1786-] Anno vicefimo fexto GeorGii III. C. 79.	yj$

or defendants, in fuch action or fait, may plead the general General iflac* Tflue, and .give this a<9:, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaint-tiffs (hall become nohfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their a&ion or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him, her, Treble cofts. or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXX1X.

An aft to explain, amende and render more effeftual, an aft, made in the hfi fiffion of parliament, intituled, An ad for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned from the commiffioners of excife, and the commiffion-ers of damps, refpedively, to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes; and alfo for making further provifions in reiped to the fa id duties fo transferred \ and for making certain provifions refpefting oaths to be adminifltred by the commiffioners for the duties on boufes, and windows or lights, or any other duties put under their management.

WHEREAS art aft was made in the twenty fourth year of bis Preamble.

prefent' Majefly’s reign, intituled, An ad for granting to Act *4 Geo* his Majefty certain duties on horfes kept for the purpole of 3* c. 31; and riding, and on horfes ufed in drawing certain carriages, in re-fpeeft whereof any duty of excife is made payable; and alfo another aft was paffed in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Ma-jefifs reign, intituled, An ad for transferring the receipt and a<d 2-5 Geo. management of certain duties, therein mentioned from the reeded* commiffioners of excife ; and the commiffioners of damps, refpedively, to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes ; and alfo for making further'provifions in refped to the faid duties fo transferred; it is by the faid firfl recited aft enafted, That every per fin who fball keep or ufe any horfe, mare, or gelding, for the pur-pofe of riding, /hallyield and pay annually for every fuch horfep mare, or gelding, the fum often fillings: and whereas it is reafinable that per fins in circumfiances herein-after defer ibed /hall not be charged with the faid duty by the faid firfl recited aft impofed: be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritgal and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day df April, FromAprilj, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-fix, no perfon or per- ^86,^0 borfe fons who (hall keep any horfe, mare, or gelding, which (hall be bandry^orfor Ufed truly, and without fraud, for the purpofe cf hufbandry, or carriage of -of drawing any carriage (except fuch as was heretofore liable to burdens in any excife duty), of carrying burdens in the courfe of the trade ^ tradeoff* or. occupation of the perfon or perfons to whom fuch horfe, the proprie-mare, or gelding (hall belong, (hall, in refpedt thereof, be tor, to be chargeable with fhe duty bv the faid herein-before firft recited chargeable

,■	with the duty

Hosted by Google

rode in cafes herein fpeci-fied.

776	Anno	vicefimo	fexto Georgii III. c. 79.	[1786.

impofed by adt impofed, or be conftrued to be within the intent and mean-ing °^ lhe faid firft recited adt, in cafe fuch horfe, mare, or * *l- °n ^ gelding, (hall not be ufed for any other purpofe of riding, fave and except in manner herein-after mentioned; that is to fay. When returning from any place to which any load or burthen (hall haye, by fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, been drawn or carried, or in going to any place from whence any load or burthen (hall be to be brought back by any fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, or on account of fuch horfe, mare, or gelding having been ufed for the purpofe of riding to procure medical affiftance, or for the purpofe of riding to or from market, or to or from any place of publick worfhip, or to or from any election	of

'members to ferve in parliament, or to or from any court of juftice, or to or from any meeting of the commiflioners of taxes; any thing in the faid recited adt contained to the contrary notwithftar.ding,

II.	And be it further enadted, That no duty (hall be impofed, horfes ke t	affefled, or levied, by virtue of the faid firft recited adt, for or	in

by perfons ex- refpe& of any horfe, mare, or gelding, whereof the owner	or

erapted from owners, by reafon of his, her, or their poverty, is, are, or (hall be exempted from the adtual payment of the ufual raxes, affeff-ments, and contributions, railed, levied, and paid towards the church and poor.

ILL And whereas, by the faid recited aft of the twenty’fifth year of his prefent Majefty s reign, it is enafted, That the affejfments made under the authority of that aft fhould be made for all horfes whatfo-ever which Jhall, on any occafion whatfoever, be ufed for the purpofe of riding, or in drawing any carriage (then fubjeft to any excife duty J; from Fax for0* anc^ lt ™ Prov’tded, that upon any appeal, where proof fhould be made horfesrode to uPon oatb fitch horfe, for which any perfon, occupying a farm not market or worth more than one hundred and fifty pounds per annum, fhould church only, have been fo affeffed, had been only ufed for the purpofe of riding to or repealed. from market;

or church, or other place of publick worjhip, and to no other place, or for no other purpofe of riding, it might be lawful for the commiffioners to make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge againfi the perfon to whom fuch horfe fhall belong ; be it therefore further enadted, That the faid recited claule and provifo (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

Perfons occu* IV. And be it further enadted, That no perfon occupying a pying farms farm, the rent or value of which (hall be lefs than feventy vV^erann Poun^s a year* anc^ making a livelihood folely thereby, fhall be not'chargeab'le chargeable with the duty by the faid before recited adt impofed with duty for for or on account of any horfe, mare, or gelding, being occa-horfes ufed in fionally ufed in riding; provided fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, and^onfd ^onakcPr anc* u^ua^y employed for the purpofes of huf-^cafionally.e bandry; any thing in the faid recited adt to the contrary not-wirhftanding.

,	V. And whereas feveral perfons may have, unintentionally, omitted

to take, in due form and manner, the feveral oaths required by the. feveral afts of parliament relative to the duties on houfes, and win-dows or lightsy or any other duties, put under the management of the

1	commiffioners

No tax to be levied for

the poor's rate 8.

Claufe of laft recited adt, exempting occupiers of farms of not more than

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 80.	777

comm'ijftoners for the /aid duties onboufes, and windows or lights: and whereas in feme of the /aid afts there is no exprefs provifion made for the adminiftering the oaths thereby required: be it therefore further enacted. That all and every perfon and perfons, law^ Perfon? legal-fully qualified to adfc as commiflioneror commiflioners for the faid duties on houfes, and windows or lights, who have already ™ commif3 adied, or, on or before the firft day of Oftober, one thoufand fionersforthe feven hundred and eighty-fix, (hall a<5t in the execution of any duties on adt or adfs of parliament relative to the faid duties on houfes,	r

and windows or lights, or any other duties now placed under jndem-* the management of the commiflioners for the faid duties on nified from houfes, and windows or lights, although fucli perfon or perfons penalties for may not have taken the feveral oaths fo required to be taken^aken^he2 by fuch perfon or perfons, (hall be, and he and they is and are;*atha rcqU{r. hereby indemnified from any penalty or penalties incurred by ed. reafon of fuch omiftions; and all meetings and adts of the faid commiflioners which have been, or (hall have been on or before the laid firft day of Gftober^ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, had or done purfuant in all other refpedb to the faid acts refpedtively, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be. valid and effectual to all intents and purpofes.

VI.	And be it further enadied, That all and every the oath Twocommif-or oaths, required by the faid adls relative to the duties on

houfes, and windows or lights, or any other duties put under oaths, the management of the faid commiflioners.for the duties on houfes* and windows or lights, or any of them, or which may be requifite or neceffary; for carrying the faid adis, or any of. them, into execution, (hall, and may be adminiftered by any two or more of the commiflioners within each county, city, or place refpediively, and they are hereby authorifed to adminifter the fame.

VII.	And it is hereby declared and enadted, That it (hall Two commif. and may be lawful for any two or more of the commiflioners

for the duties on houfes, and windows or lights, or any other oathsto other duties put under their management, to adminifter to any other commifiion-commiftioner for the faid duties, for the fame county, city, or ers, though place, the oaths required to be taken by fuch commiflioners, *h^^}akeii although the faid commiflioners adminiftering the fame have thein. not themfelves previoufly taken the faid oaths.	felves.

CAP. LXXX.

An aft for further continuing certain afts therein mentioned, relating to the further punijhment of perfons going armed or difguifed> in defiance of the laws of cufloms or excife; and to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

WHEREAS an aft was made in the nineteenth year of the reign

of his late Majejly, (intituled, An adi for the further,pu^ T9 Geo. *• nilhment of perfons going armed or difguifed, in defiance of and4fo^ocli * the laws of cuftoms or excife; and for indemnifying offenders thereof as re-againft thofe laws, upon the terms therein mentioned; and for latcs to per-

relief

Hosted by G( ^le

778	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 80. [1786.

fons going relief of officers of the cuftoms in informations upon feizures), a\iTfed Tn^de- w^lc^ was i0' CQ>niinue 'm forcB for feven years, and from thence to l^nce ofthe " f^e en^ °f	next	fgJfion °f Par^ment 5 and which, byfeveral

laws of cuf- 08f of the twenty-fixth and thirty fecond years of the reign of his faid toms and ex- late- Majefty, and the fourth, eleventh, and' eighteenth years of the th^reUef of rel&n °f prefent Majefty, as to fo much thereof as relates to per-officersln^n- fins £°*n£ armed or difguifed, in defiance of the laws of cuftoms and formations to excife, and to the relief of officers of the cuftoms in informations upon be continued feizures, was continued until the tv)enty-ninth day of September, tiN29, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the •	end of the then next fefiion of parliament: and whereas it is expedient

further to continue the fame; be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the fords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo muck of the faid adt of the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, as relates to perfons going armed or difguifed, in defiance of the laws of cuftoms and excife ; and to the relief of officers of the cuftoms in informations upon feizures, and all and every the methods, orders, dire&ioris, rules, proclamations, penalties, punilhments, rewards, matters, and things, provided, fettled, ordered, directed, impofed, given, and required, by the faid adt of the nineteenth of his faid late Majefty, relative to the furrender, proclaiming, apprehending, harbouring, and punifti-ing fuch offenders, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the* twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament. >v

II.	And whereas it is expedient alfo to continue the law herein-after mentioned, be it therefore further enadled by the authority afore-^	.	faid. That an adt, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late

fmsTt 29 majefty King George the Second, (intituled, An a5i to prevent j7#8. *	the committing of frauds by bankrupts), which was to continue in

force from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-two, for the fpace of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which, by feveral fubfequent adts, made in the ninth and fix-' teenth years of his faid Majefty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty; and by an adt, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his faid lat£ Majefty, was amended, and further continued until the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-feven ; and wjiich, by feveral fubfequent adls, made in the thirty-firft year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, and the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, qoe thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one; and which by an adt, made in the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty-s reign, was ainended, and further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament ;

and

- Geo. s.c.

Hosted by

Google

1786.] Anno vieefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 81.	77^

and by another a£t, made in the fixteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign. Was farther continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, onejhoufand feven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament 5 and by another a&, made in the twenty-firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next fetfion of parliament; (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred eighty-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next fef-fion of parliament.

CAP. LXXXI.

An aft for the more ejfeftual encouragement of the Eritilh fijberm.

WHEREAS it is of the utmoft importance to the prefervation Preamble.

and increafe of the wealthy commerce, and naval'Jlrength, of this your Majeffs kingdom of Great Britain, that thefijheries of your'

[aid kingdom Jhould receive everyr reafonable encouragement which they

may from time to time be found to require^ and which it is in the

power of parliament to beflow: may it therefore pleafe your Ma-

jefty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s

moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con fen t of -*

the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That prom june Tf

from and after the firft day of .June, one thoufand feven hun- 1787, an an-

dred and eighty-feven, for the fpace and term of feven years nual bounty

thence next enfuing, and from thence to the end of the then

next feffion of parliament, a bounty of twenty (hillings per ton for f years, to

(hall be paid annually, in the manner herein-after prefcribed, owners of

to the owner or owners of every decked veffel, of not lefs than (hip3 of *5

fifteen tons burthen, manned and navigated according to law,

which (hall be fitted out for, and employed in the Britijh white pi0yed in the

herring fifoery, in the manner and under the regulations herein- white herring

after dire&ed and provided.	^	-	filhery.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That'every bufs or veffel, in Particulars reorder to be deemed properly fitted our for and duly employed quired to en-in the faid fiffiery, fo as to entitle the owner or owners thereof title veffeis to to the faid bounty of twenty (hillings per ton hereby granted,‘30unty* according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, (half be a decked bufs or veffel built in Great Britain, after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and (hall have on board, (barrelled up in new barrels) twelve bulhels of fait for every laft of fi(h which fuch bufs or veffel is capable of containing, and as many more new barrels as fuch bufs or veffel is capable of carrying, and alfo two hundred and fifty fquare yards of netting for each ton of bufs meafurement, together with the cuftomary quantity of other materials for the equipment and mounting of the faid two hundred and fifty yards* of netting in the fifhery bufinefs, but with liberty to make ufeof fuch nets

therein

Hosted by

oogle

780	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c.8r.	[1	j86.

therein as (hall be found beft adapted to the faid fifhery; and (hall have on board not lefs than five men for the firft fifteen tons, and one additional man for every five tons by which fuch bufs or veflel (hall exceed fifteen tons, and fo ftored, accoutered, furnilhed, and manned, (hall clear out of fome port in Great Britain,, at fome time between the firft day of June and the firft day of Qflober in one and the fame year, and (hall proceed immediately upon the faid fiffiery, and (hall there begin and continue to fi(h, in an orderly, regular manner, without impeding or obftrudting any other vefiel which (hall be employed in the faid fiftiery, for the fpace of three months at the leaft, to be computed from the day upon which the matter and crew of r' fuch,bufs or veffel (hall firft (hoot or wet their nets, unlefs fuch’ bufs or veflel (hall, within that fpace of time, return into port with a full cargo of fi(h, taken wholly by the matter and crew / of fuch bufs or veflel.

No veflel to III,. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no the^bouift* *° Per^on or Perf°ns (hall he intitled or allowed to receive the unlefs it pro- bounty herein-before granted, for any bufs or veflel which (hall ceeds on the not proceed diredlly upon the faid filhery from that part of the’ f(hery di- united kingdotn to which fuch bufs or vefiel (hall belong, and redly from where the owner or owners, or any one or more of the owners which it be- °f (hch bufs or veflel (hall refide; and that the matter and longs, &c. owner or owners of fuch bufs or veflel (hall take out a licence, to proceed on her intended voyage, from the collector or comptroller of the port where fuch bufs or veflel wa$ bona fide manned, victualled, furnifhed, acpoutered, and fitted out for her then intended voyage ; any thing in this adt, or any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Officers of the IV. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted. That before cuftoms to any fuch bufs or veflel (hall proceed on fuch voyage, or be inf-fds°and cer t,t^e<^ to the benefit of this adt, fuch bufs or veflel (halljbe vi-tifyparticu-" fifed hy fuch °fficer or officers of the cuftoms belonging to the lars to the port where fuch bufs or veflel (hall be cleared outwards, as commiflion- (hall be appointed by the commiflioners of the cuftoms for that crs*	purpofe; which officer or officers (hall examine fuch bufs or

veflel, and take an account of the tonnage thereof by admea^ furement, and (hall certify to the faid commiflioners fuch his or their vifitation, examination, and admeafurement, and that fuch bufs or veflel hath on board (as the fadi may be) fuch a quantity of fifhing nets, and other ftores to be ufed in the faid fifhery, as herein-before mentioned, and is otherwife a proper veflel to be employed in the faid filhery; and thereupon, jn cafe the owner or owners, or one or more of the owners, or his or

Oath to be made of the vt(Tel’s being to proceed immediately on the fiCbery,

their refpedlive agent or agents, and alfo the matter or chief officer of fuch (hip or veflel, (half make oath, in writing, beforp the colledtor or comptroller of fuch port (who is hereby im-powered and required to take and adminifter the fame), to be fubfcribed to the faid certificate, that it is really and truly their firm purpofe and determined refolution, that fuch bufs pr veflel, as then manned, furnifhed, and accoutered, (hall proceed

irhme-

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GfioRGii III. C. 8rJ

immediately upon the Britijb white herring fifhery, there to

continue filing, in an orderly, regular manner, for the fpace of

three calendar months at the leaft (unlefs fuch bufs or veflel

(hall fooner obtain a full lading 0^ fifh), without impeding or

obftru&ing any other veflel which (hall be employed in the faid

fi(hery ; and if, after fuch certificate had, and oath made, fuch

owner or owners, or fome or one of fuch owners* or his or

their refpecftive agent or agents, and alfo the mafter or chief

officer of fuch bufs or veflel, (hall alfo become bound, with two and fecurity

fufficient fureties, unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in

the penalty of fuch fum as (hall be equal to treble the bounty (fu^ofthe*

on the tonnage of fuch bufs or veflel intended by this a<3, crew,

(which bond the collector, with the approbation of the comptroller, is hereby required to accept, and is to be in force for the fpace of three years againft the parties thereby becoming bound for the faithful dealing of the faid mafter and his crew, in regard to the faid bufs or veflel, and voyage), then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the colleger and comptroller of fuch port to give and grant, and they are hereby re- which is to inquired to give and grant, to the owner or owners and mafter of [fences for° fuch bufs or veflel, full licence and authority to proceed on fuch the VOyage. voyage as aforefaid.

V. And be it further enabled, That on the return of any Officersofthe fuch bufs or veflel into any port of Great Britain for the dif- *hpretnrnof charge of fuch bufs or veflel, the chief officer of the cuftoms, a(hip,tocer-or fuch other officer, of the cuftoms as he (hall appoint at fuch tify her coupon, (hall immediately repair on board of fuch bufs or veflel, dition,' and view the condition thereof, and of its lading, and certify the fame, together with his obfervations thereon, and alfo the real tonnage of fuch bufs or veflel, and the -names of the mafler and other perfons on board; and the mafter or chief officer of and oath to fuch bufs or veflel (hall alfo make oath before the colle&or or be made that comptroller of fuch port (who is hereby impowered and re-. fwere^d tothe quired to adminifler the fame), to be written on the back of, terms requir-or annexed to, the licence granted as aforefaid (which the fa*d ed; mafter is hereby required to deliver up), that fuch bufs or veflel did, without delay, proceed from the port in fuch licence mentioned, upon its laft clearance from thence outwards, to or upon the Britijb white herring fiihery, and did there remain and continue employed in fifhing for herrings dr other fi(h, according to law* from the	day	of	to	the

day of	(expreffing	the refpe&ive days ot

beginning and ceafing to fifh); and that, during all that time the quantity of nets and other ftores, and number of men, by law requiied, were on boarcl of the faid bufs or veflel or cm-	x

ployed in the lawful profecution of the faid fifhery, and that the faid bufs or veflel hath not, fince its faid laft clearance out wards * from the faid port, been on any other voyage, or purfued any other defign or view of profit-than that of taking fifh, and faking or curing the fame, or faking or curing other fre(h fifh* lawfully purchafed at Tea: and that all the fifh brought into Vex*. XXXV,	Fff	port

ySz	Anno	vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. Sr. [1786.

port by the faid bufs or veflel were taken by the crew belonging thereto, or (in cafe of fuch bufs or veflel not returning till after the expiration of three months) were purchafed of Britijh fub-which certifi- jedls $ which certificate, licence, and oath, together with an ae-> cate, with the £0unt Gf fifo taken by the faid bufs or veflel, (hall be tranf-are tcTbe C’ fitted by the faid colle&or or comptroller, in cafe the faid bufs tranfmitted to or veflel departed with fuch licence from any port within that the com mi f* part of Greht Britain called England, to the commiflioners of the fioners, who cuftoms for England; and in cafe fuch bufs or veflel departed the bounty^o	^cence from any Port within that part of Great Bri-

be paid. tain called Scotland, to the commiflioners of the cuftoms or ex-r cife for Scotland: and fuch commiflioners refpe&ively, being fully fatisfied of the faithful dealing of the matter, and other perfons employed or concerned in fuch bufs or veflel, with refpedt to* fuch voyage and fifhing, (hall, on demand, caufe payment to be made to the owner or owners, or to his or their afligns, by. * the receiver-general of the cuftoms or excife, as the cafe (hall happen, the fum of twenty (hillings per ton, according to the admeasurement of fuch bufs or veflel, duly certified as aforefaid.

Vefifelsre-	VI. Provided always, and be it further ertatfted, That the

leftthan^he owner or owners of any bufs or veflel which (hall return into proper num- Port from the faid filhery with a lefs number of men than fuch berof men, or bufs or veflel is hereby required to have on board, as aforefaid, without a full unlefs it (hall be made appear that the faid redudtion was occafioned b^entitled U) ^ death, ficknefs, or defertion, without any default, fraud, or bounty. collufion, on the part of fuch owner or owners, or which (hall fo return within the faid fpace of three calendar months, to be computed as aforefaid, without a full cargo of herrings, or, having fuch a full cargo, unlefs the whole thereof were actually caught and taken by the matter and crew belonging to fuch bufs or veflel, lhall not be intitled to any bounty on the tonnage of any fuch bufs or veflel refpectively; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

Bounties to VII. And be it further enadted, That it (hall and maybe be paid by lawful to and for the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in ceneraToTthe England and Scotland refpedtively, to order the faid bounty to be cuftoms, etc. paid by the receiver-general or cafhier of the cuftoms for that part of Great Britain from whence the bufs or veflel, in refpedl whereof the fame (hall be payable, (hall have departed, as here-in-before diredled, out of any money in the hands of fuch receiver-general or calhier, arifing from any duties, revenues, or cuftoms, under the management of fuch refpedtive commiflioners ; and if the receiver-general or cafhier of the cuftoms at Edinburgh (hall not have lufRcient money in his hands to pay the faid bounty, the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at Edinburgh, or any three of them, (hajl forthwith give the perfon or perfons, intitled to receive fuch bounty, a certificate thereof, directed to the commiflioners of the excife for that part of Great Britain called Scotland; which certificate being affixed to the faid licence* and other the certificates and documents aforefaid, and

being

Hosted by Google

ifS6 .]	Arina vlctfttno feEto GEoRGii III. C. Su

being produced to the faid eommiflioners of excife, they the faid eommiflioners are hereby authorised and required, on demand, to caufe the money, fo certified to be due, to be paid by the receiver-general or easier of the faid excife, out of any money in his hands arifing from any of the duties and revenue under the management of fueh eommiflioners 5 any law, ufege* or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enabled. That* from and after the For every bar-faid firft day of June, one thoufa-nd feven hundred and eighty- re! of herring^ feven, for and during the term of feven years, and from thence aadcomplete-to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, for every bar- ly cured, a tel of herrings twice packed and completely cured, which (hall, bounty of 48* during anyone year* be landed from any bufs or veflel, theto^ePa^r owner or owners of which, in refpedl thereof, (hall be intitled

to the aforefaid bounty of twenty (hillings per ton, under and by virtue of this a6t* there (hall be paid a bounty of four Shillings. #	but if the

IX.	Provided always* and be it enadled. That if the number quantity im-

of barrels of herrings imported by any fuch bufs or veflel (hall* Ported exin any one year, exceed the proportion of two barrels and the portion of™" half of one barrel of herrings packed and cured as aforefaid for two and one every ton of the burthen of fuch bufs or veftel, then and in half barrels fuch cafe there (hall be paid, for every barrel fo exceeding to a ton> 0! *jf the faid proportion, a bounty of one (hilling only, and no above^hat^ more.	^	proportion.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That, for the Quantitytobe more effe&ual prevention of fraud, all herrings, the proprietor co™Pu.tc<*

Or proprietors of which, in refpeff thereof, (hall be intitled to, ftatcVffea6 or claim the faid bounties of four (hillings and one (hilling, fteeks, 4 barer either of them, (hall be computed at the time of their being rels of which unflhipped, while they are in the ftate in which they are ufually are t0^e denominated Sea Steeks or herrings not repacked, and that four toTof her^ barrels of herrings in that ftate (hall be confidered as equiva- ring3 twice lent to three barrels of herrings packed a fecond time.	packed.

XL And whereas the faid bounties of four /hillings, and one JbiU ling, herein-before granted, will afford encouragement to thofe fijh~ tries alone that are carried on either by decked vejfels ft ted out under fuch regulations, and continuing at fea for fuch time as herein-before refpettively mentioned and direpled^ or by fuch open boats as are employed on the fame coafts with thofe vejfels, and find in the mafiers of fuch vejfels pur chafers of the fi/b they take; and inafmuch as it is reafonable and expedient, that all indu/lrious fi/hermen engaged in the herring fi/hery, Jhould in fome meafure participate in all fuck encou-	.	no^

ragements as parliament /hall give to the faid fi/hery; be it therefore entitledtothe enacted* That for all herrings which (hall be landed from any bountyof aos. boat or veflel, not intitled to the faid bounty of twenty (hillings Per ton> a per ton, and which (hall afterwards be properly felted and barrel to cured, there (hall be paid a bounty of one (hilling per barrel. be paid.

XIL And be it further enacted. That before any bounty Calks con-granted by this a£t, (hall be paid to the perfons intitled to re- tainingher-ceive the feme, eyrery cafk or package of herrings on which the ™bointy/ta

F.f f %	laid	be branded.

Bounties of 48. and is. per barrel to

784	Anno	vicefimo fextb Georgii III, c. 81, f 178&

faid bounty (ball be demanded* (hall be branded, in the fight of the officer of the cuftoms, with an hot iron, in fuch legible and lading marks or characters as the commiflioners of the cuftotfis (hall direCt, and as may effectually diftinguifh the cafks or packages containing herrings landed from buffes or yeffels intitled to the faid bounty on the tonnage thereof, from fuch as contain herrings landed from boats or veffels not intitled to fuch bounty on the tonnage.

XIII.	And be it further enaCted, That the faid feveral and per barrel to refpe&ive bounties of four (hillings, and one (hilling, for every be paid as the barrel of herrings imported by any fuch bufs, veffel, or boat bounty of 20s. refpeflively, as aforefaid, (hall be paid and payable by fueh and per ton, the fgme perfon or perfons and in fuch and the fame manner as

the faid bounty of twenty (hillings per ton (hall be paid or payable by and under, and by virtue and according to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, upon a debenture or certificate to be prepared and granted by the collector or comptroller of the v	cuftoms in the port were the fifh, in refpeCt whereof the faid

bounty (hall be payable, (hall be entered, and to be verified by the perfon executing the office of fearcher in fuch port.

XIV.	And, for the encouragement of the fijhery ufually. called The Deep Sea Fifhery, on the north and north-eajl coafts of this king-

Toveffelsem- jom. be it enaCted, That from and after the faid firft day of Deep Sea DC June^ one thousand feven hundred and eighty-feven, for the Fiftiery, addi* (pace of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then tionai pre- next feflion of parliament, over and befides the feveral bounties miums to be herein-before granted, there (hall be payable and paid the feve-the^reateft^ ra* P^wiums or fums following; (that is to fay). For the quantity of greateft quantity of herrings which (hall be caught by the crew herrings im- of any one bufs or veffel, the owner or owners whereof, in reported in one fpe& of fuch bufs or veffel, (hall be intitled to the faid feveral tween Tune i ^oun^es °f twenty (hillings per ton, and four (hillings, and one and Nov. 31/ (hilling per barrel, hercin-before granted, refpeCtively, and 80guineas; which (hall be imported or brought in, by fuch bufs or veffel* between the firft day of June and the thirty-firft day of Novem-for the next ber^ in any one year, the premium or fum of eighty guineas; and greateft quan- for t^e next greateft quantity of herrings, which (hall be fa 1 y’ °9 caught, imported, and brought in as aforefaid, the premium or for the next, fum 0f fixty guineas; and for the next greateft quantity of her-40*	rings which (hall be fo caught, imported, and brought in as

for the next, aforefaid, the premium or film of forty guineas; and for the> s0*	next greateft quantity of herrings which (hall be fo caught, im-.

ported, and brought in as aforefaid, the premium or fum of twenty guineas; each of which faid feveral premiums or fuma fhall be payable and paid at any time or times after the thirty-firft day of November in every year, by fuch and the fame perfon, and in fuch and the fame manner, as the faid bounty of twenty (hillings per ton upon the bufs or veffel, the owner oc owners whereof in refpedl of fuch (hip or veffel (hall be intitled to fuch premium or fum, (hall be paid or payable under or by virtue and according to the true intent, and meaning of this a<9*.

upon

Hosted by

Got e

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeorgiI III. d Zu	785

upon a debenture or certificate to be prepared and granted by the colledor or comptroller of the cuftoms in the port where the filh in refped whereof the fame (hall be payable (hall be entered, and to be verified by the perfon executing the office of fearcher in fuch port.

XV.	And whereas it is highly expedient, as well for the purpofi

of encouraging the fijheries by an extenfion of the market, as for that * of providing a cheap and wholefome article of food for the fupport of the poor, that all duties now payable by law on fuch herrings, cod* ling, and falmon* or other fifo caught and cured by Britifh fubjefts* as are removed for home confumption* except as herein-after is mentioned* jhould ceafe and determine \ be it therefore enabled, That, Duties now from and after the faid firft day of June* one thoufand feveh payable .on hundred and eighty-feven, all duties, now payable by virtue of	for

any ad or ads heretofore^made, and now in force, for or in home con-refped of fuch herrings, cod, ling, hake, and falmon, or other fumptionto white fifh, caught and cured by Britijh fubjeds, as (hall be re- ceafe on June moved for home confumption (fave only and except fuch1*17®7* equalizing duties as are by this ad exprefsly granted or direded

to be continued on falmon, cod, ling, hake, tufk, and other white fifh, cured with fait for which the duty hath been paid,

.and which (hall be imported into England from Scotland)* (hall ceafe and determine.

XVI.	And whereas* by an aft paffed in the fifth year of the reign 5 Geo. 1. c. .of his late majefly^King George the Firft* intituled* An ad for re- 18, recited, covering the credit of the Britifh fifhery in foreign parts, and

better fecuring the duties on fait, the feveral bounties* rates* or fums therein and herein-after expreffed, were granted and made pay~ able for all fuch fijh therein and hereinafter mentioned, as Jhould be exported from any port or place in Great Britain, into parts beyond the Jeas; (that is to fay). For every hundred of cod fifh, ling, or hake, except dried cod fijh, ling, or hake* (commonly called Haberdine), which jhould contain in length fourteen inches or upwards* from the bone in the fin to the third joint in the tail, five jhillings; and for every hundred weight of dried cod fifh, ling, or hake, (commonly called Haberdine), three Jhillings: and whereas the diftinftion between the dried cod called Haberdine, and dried cod not fo called* is found to he ufelefs, inafmuch as little lefs than the whole quantity of dried cod exported,-during the lafl thirty-years, hath been pipped as haberdine, and as it alfo appears that the value of cod in fome of the foreign markets is much diminped by that degree of drynefs, which gives it the denomination of haberdine; be it therefore further enaded.

That, from and after the palling of this ad, for all fuch dried For fuch filh cod, ling, or hake, as under and by virtue of the faid ad, of as heretofore the fifth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George ^Jntn^ftied the Firft, or any fubfequenr ad or acts, would (in cafe this ad tojs^per C had not been made) have been intitled to the faid bounty of hundred five (hillings per hundred thereby granted, there (hall be pay- weight on

able and paid the rate or fum of three (hillings per hundred exportation,

. ,	.	r	r	.	» 1 r	•	b	r	n.	T	no more than

m fuch and the fame manner, in every refpecU as the tohenaid - Fffj	faid5	p

*j%6	Anno vicefimo fcxto Georgii III. c. Zu [1786.

(aid bounty, Tate, or fum of three (hillings by the faid aft granted for every hundred weight of dried cod fi(h, ling, or hake, commonly called Haberdine, is or (hall be payable by force or virtue thereof; and the faid bounty of five (hillings per hundred (hall henceforth be difeontinued and repealed, and be no longer paid or payable; any thing in the faid aft of the fifth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the Firft, or any other aft or afts, to the contrary notwithftanding.

JfafterOft.i, XVII. And be it further enafted, That on all barrels and filhbe cafks in which any fi(h whatfoever (except frefti fi(h) (hall, Icafks^ not frQfn anc* ^ter	day	Ofioher,	one	thoufand	feven	hun-

btanded with dred and eighty-fix, be packed or put up, either for exporta-the curers tion or home confumption, the refpeftive names of the curers *j° be of fuch fi(h (hall be marked and burnt with iron, in fair, large, torrei ed. legible, confpicuous and permanent characters; and that every barrel or calk in which any fifh (except frelh fifh) (hall, from and after the time aforefaid, be packed or put up, and which (hall not have the name of the curer thereof marked and burnt as aforefaid, (hall and may be feized and fecured, by any officer pr officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms; and upon due proof of the faft being made, on oath, before any one of his Majefty’s juf-tices of the peace, every fuch barrel or calk (hall, together with the fifh therein contained, be forfeited and loft.

Aft^r June i, XVIII. And be it further enafted, That the (laves of every 1787, the	barrel, in which any white herrings or wet white fifh	(ball,

rel8?n°which	^rom ^nd after	the faid firft day of June, one thoufand	feven

white her- hundred and eighty-feven, be packed or put up for exportation, rings are	(hpll not be of	a lefs thicknefs at the bulge than half an	inch,

packed for	^ncj that every	fuch barrel (hall be full bound, and that	every

mulTbfhalf barrel in which fuch fifh (hall be fo packed or put up, and an inch thick, which (hall be found to be of lefs thicknefs than as aforefaid, and full or not full bound, (hall and may be feized and fecured by any bound, or for- officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms; and updn due proof reited.	pf the f?ft being made, on oath, before any one of his Ma-

jefty’s juftices pf the peace, ,(hall, together with the fifh therein contained, be forfeited and loft.

XIX.	And, for the better encouragement of the fifberies, be it

Perfons who father enafted, That every perfon who (hall, for the fpace of have ferved as ‘	J r	r

feamen or fifhermen 7 years in the fifheries, entitled to the privileges granted by 2,z Geo. z. c.

44.

feven fucceffive years, have followed the occupation cf a fea-man or fifhermen, on board of any (hip or veffel employed in the fifheries of Great Britain, (being a married man), may fet up and exercife any fuch trade as he is apt and able for, in any town or pla.ee within the kingdom of Great Britain, without any let, fuit, or moleftation of any perfon or perfons whomsoever, for pr by reafon of the ufing of fuch trade, as freely, and yvith the fame prQvifions, and uhder the fame regulations, and with the like exception in refpeft to the two univerfities of that part of Great Britain called England, as any mariner or foldiefr may do, by virtue of an aft palled in the twenty-fecqnd year pf the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled.

An

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii HI. c. 81,

An aft to enable fuch officer s; marinersy andfoldiers, as have been in his Majejlys fervice fince his accejfton to the throne, to exerc'tje trades.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed. That, from and after the palling of this aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons to carry, from any port or place in the united kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port or place in the faid united kingdom, for home confqmption, any red herrings or white herrings, or any falmon, cod, ling, tu(k, or other white filh, cured with fait, made in any part of Great Britain.

XXL And whereas the fait, ufed in the cure offalmon, cod, ling, hake, tujk, and other white fijh, taken on the coafis of this kingdom, and removed for home confumption, (fave only for the cure of ling and hake, taken by the crews of vejfels employed in the white herring fifhery during their continuance at fea), is fubjeft to the payment of the fait duties; and, by reafon fuch duties are conftderably lefs in Scotland than in England, it is jujl and necefjary that a duty Jhould be paid upon the importation into England, for home confumption, of cod, ling, hake, falmon, and other white fijh, cured in Scotland with home-made fait, for zuhich the duties payable in Scotland for home-made fait have been there paid or fe cured, in order to make the faid duties payable in Scotland on home-made fait ufed in the curing of fuch fijh, equal to the duties payable on home-made fait ufed in England in the cure of fuch fi/h for home confumption; be it therefore further enafted, That the feveral rates and duties, which by an aft made in the twenty-ninth ye$r of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for encouraging the fijheries in that part of Great Britain culled Scotland, are made payable on the importation into England, of falmon, cod, ling, tu(k, and other white fifh, cured vyith fait made in Scotland, for which the duty hath been there paid or fecured, (hall be continued, and the fame or the like rates and duties (hall, from and after the palling of this aft, be extended to, and (hall be paid and payable for, all falmon, cod, ling, hake, tufk, and pther white fi(h, brought from Scotland into any port or place in E,ngland for home confumption, cured in Scotland with fait made in any part of Great Britain, for which the duty hath been paid or fecured; and that the feveral provifions, regulations, and reftriftions, in the faid aft contained or thereby prescribed, for the entry and clearance of fuch falmon, cod, ling, hake, tufk, and other white fifh, cured with fait made in Scotland, and for the importatipn and removal thereof, and for the payment and fecuring the duties thereby granted in refpeft thereof, and the feveral penalties thereby inflifted for any breach, difqbedience, or non-obfervance of the faid provifions and regulations, (hall be obferved, performed, and enforced, in refpeft to the rates and duties hereby granted, in the fame manner as if the fame were here repeated and re-enafted, $ny thing herein-before contained to the contrary qqtwith-? (landing.

XXU. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the

y f f 4	pa	fling

7g7

Fifh cared With Britifh fait may be exportedfrom one port to another in the united kingdom for home confumption i

Duties payable by 19 Geo. 2. c. 23. on the importation of filh cured with fait made in Scotland, to be extended to imported fifh cured with fait made in any part of Great Britain, and the regulations of that aft extended to this.

Fifh may be carried from

y88	Micelimo	fexto	Georqii	III.	c.8i.	[1786.

one port to paffing pf, (his a<S, it (hall and ma^ be lawful to and for any another m ‘perfon or ptffons to carry from any port or place in the (aid exportation, united kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port or place onPpath being W the faid united kingdom, for exportation to foreign parts, jnade that any fed,herrings or whitp herrings, or any falmon, cod, ling, they were tu(k, or other white £lh, the owner of the filh, or mailer of the tain^ancTcar- ve^eh making oath before the chief officer of the cuftoms, or ed with home-his deputy (\yHo is hereby required to adminifter the fame), biade fait. that fuch fi(h were caught ia Great Britain, or on the coaft thereof, and cured with fait delivered duty-free from fome part of the faid united kingdom of Great Britain, and when and where, and to whom the faid fait was fo delivered.

Filh fo	XXIII.	And	be	it	further enabled, That, from and after the

coaftwife for Pa®ng	a<^>	^uch rec^ herrings, white herrings, falmon,

exportationtp cod, ling, tu(k, or other white filh, fo brought or conveyed be entitled to coaftwife from one port or place of the faid united kingdom of the bounties Great Britain to another, fhall, upon exportation thereof, or c 18 and to ^ Part thereof, t0 foreign parts, be intitled to the fame allow-be fubjeft to ances or bounties as by the faid ait, pafled in the fifth year of the regula- the reign of his late tnajefty King George the Firft, are granted (ions thereof, on the exportation of filh cured in Great Britain, fuch filh being fubjedt to the fame rules and regulations to prevent the relanding or reimporting thereof, after clearance outwards for exportation to foreign parts, and the owner or owners thereof, being flibjedl to the fame penalties in cafe of fuch relanding, or any other fraudulent proceeding, in order to obtain the faid , bounties, as by the faid adt are prefcribed or inflicted in regard to filh cured and exported from Great Britain, any thing in the fame, or any other adt contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Bounties on XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That no bf^fifhcar?	allowance	or bounty upon fuch exportation to foreign parts as

ried from	aforefaid,	of any red herrings, white herrings, falmon, cod,

England to ling-, tufk, or other white filh, fo brought or carried coaftwife Scotland, to ftpip any port or place in that part of Great Britain called Eng-the^cuftoms	to any port or place in that part of Great Britain called

in England, Scotland, fhall be paid in that part of Great Britain called Scot-on debenture land; but that the chief officer of the cuftoms, or his deputy^ from the of- at the por* or pjace from which fuch filh fhall be fo exported port of ex- to foreign parts,	upon	the	requeft	of	the	perfon	or	perfons

partition.	exporting	the fame, and oath made before the faid chief officer

'	or his deputy (who are hereby refpeciively empowered to ad-

minifter the fame) of the (hipping of the faid filh, and itsjiot being felanded, or intended to be relanded, in Great Britain, give a debenture under his hand, without delay, fee, or reward, for payment of the faid allowances tor bounties; which debenture being produced to the commiflioners of the cuftoms, in that part of Great Britain called England,, (hall entitle the exporter of fuch filh, or his afligns, to the payment.of the allowances or bounties granted by the faid recited act of the fifth year of King George the Firft; and the laid commiflioners are hereby * ’	'	required

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III, & 8f.	789

required to pay the fame out of any money remaining in their hands, arifing by any branch of his Majefty’s cuftoms, regard being had to the priority of the dates of the (aid debentures in the payment thereof,

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed* That no Bounties on allowance or bounty upon fuch re-exportation as aforefaid, of ^PP^tation any red herrings, white herrings, falmon, cod, ling, tufk, or ^omScotland other white fifh, fo carried coaftwife from any port or place^in t0 England, that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to any port or place to be paid in in that part of Great Britain called England, (hall be paid in Scotland, on that part of Great Britain called England; but that the chief officer at officer of the cuftoms, or his deputy* at the port or place from the port of which fuch fifti (hall be fo exported to foreign parts, (hall, upon exportation, the requeft of the perfon or perfons exporting the fame, and oath made before the faid chief officer or his deputy, (who are hereby refpe&ively empowered tq adminifter the fame), of the (hipping of the faid fifh, and its not being relanded, or intended to be relanded in Great Britain, give a debenture under his hand, without delay, fee, or reward, for payment of the faid allowances or bounties; which debenture being produced to the commiffioners of the cuftoms, or to the commiffioners of the excife, (at the option of the importer, or his affigns), in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall entitle the exporter of fuch fifh, or his affigns, to the payment of the allowances or bounties granted by the faid recited act of the fifth year of King George the Firft; and the faid commiffioners are hereby required to pay the fame out of any money remaining in their hands, arifing by any branch of his Majefty’s cuftoms or excife, regard being had to the priority of the dates of the faid debentures in the payment thereof,

X^VI. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That the Entry to be proprietor or proprietors, of fuch red herrings, white herrings, made, at the falmqn, cod, ling, tufk, or other white fifh, as fhall be put on	of the*

board of any (hip or vefiel in any port or place in Great Britain^ xo quantity, etc. be tranfported or carried to any other port or place in Great where cured, Britain, whether for home confumption, or exportation to &c* foreign parts, or his or their refpe&ive agent or agents, (hall, before fuch (hip or vefiel (hall depart from the port or place where the fame (hall be fo (hipped, make a full and particular entry with the collector, or other principal officer of the cuftoms at fuch port or place, or his deputy, of the fifh fo (hipped, expreffing the number of barrels of wet fifh, with the marks and numbers thereof, and the number and weight of each fpe-cies of dry fifh, and declare upon oath that the faid fifh were cured in Great Britain, or on the coaft thereof, and whether |hey were cured with fait delivered duty-free, or with fait for which the duty payable by law hath been paid or fecured, and that the fait ufed in curing fuch wet or dry fifh refpeeftively was taken on board from fome port or place in Great Britain, and when and where it was fo taken on board, and that no drawback for the fame hath been had, or is intended to be had,

upon .

Hosted by Google

Anno vlcefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 8i.: [1785.

upon the exportation of the faid fait, (which oath the faid col* leftor, or other principal officer of the cuftonis, or his deputy, Officersofthe is hereby authorifed to adtninifter); and is likewife required to grant and deliver to the matter of fuch (hip or veffel, without delay, fee, or reward, a certificate or cocquet under his hand, that fuch entry or entries, and oath or oaths, have been duly made; and the matter of every (hip or veffel wherein fuch fifh (hall be (hipped to be carried coaftwife as aforefaid, or the pro* prietor or proprietors of fuch fi(h, or his or their refpeftive agent or agents, (hall, before landing or putting on fhore the faid fi(h, or any part thereof, or putting it on board of any other (hip or boat in any port or place of Great Britain, deliver

79O

cuftom8 to grant certificate of fuch entry, which is to be delivered by the mafter previous to his landing the fi(h, on penalty of forfeiture there- the faid certificate or cocquet to the proper officer of the cuf-0,etc* toms in the port or place where the fame (hall be imported* brought in, or landed, or put on board of any other (hip or boat, upon pain of forfeiting all fuch fi(h as (hall be fo imported, brought in, or landed, or put on board of any other (hip or boat, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, ancj alfo double the value thereof, together with all the cafks or veffels in which fuch fifh (hall be found, the fame to be recovered of the importer or proprietor of the fitti, or of the maf-ter pf the (hip or veffel’in which the fame fhall be imported and brought in; and all officers, as well of his Majefty’s cuf-toms, as of the duties upon fait, are hereby authorifed and im-powered to feize all fuch red herrings, white herrings, faJmon* cod, ling, tu(k, or other white fi(h, imported, broqght’in, landed, or put on board of any other (hip or boat, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and alfo the ea(ks or veffels in which any fuch fi(h (hall be found as aforefaid*

Recital of part XXVII. And whereas, by the faid recited aft of the fifth year of of 5 Geo, j. c. the reign of King George the Firfi, it is enafted\ That carers of fifh Jhould thenceforth be .allowed to take from any fait works, or fall pits, any fuch quantity of Britifh fait, where the fame was allowed by law for the curing offifh for exportation, as they Jhould think pro-per for curing of fijfh for foreign markets, without paying any duty to his Majejly for the fame, fuch Britifh fait being taken from the faid fait pits, or fait works, and weighed, in the prefence of an offi-ter for the duties on fait, and lodged in a warehoufe, under the lock and key of the faid officer, as well as the proprietor of the faid fait, which Britifh fait, fo lodged as aforefaid, Jhould remain in the cuf-tody of the faid officer, jointly with the faid proprietor, during the feveral intervals of the feveral fijhing feafons; the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agent or agents, entering, at the next office for the duty on fait, the quantity a/’Britifh fait fo lodged by him or them, from time to time as aforefaid, and the faid officer keeping an account of every quantity of the faid fait fo entered and lodged m his cufiody as aforefaid; fuch fait to be delivered to the proprietor or proprietors thereof, or his or their agent or agents, for the purpofes, and upon the terms and conditions, and in the manner, and to be ufed, returned, and accounted for, as in the fame aft is mentioned and dire fled \ and whereas a doubt hath arifen, whether under or by virtue

Hosted by Google

2 7$6.]	Aono vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 8r.

i?/ rfo faid lafl mentioned aft, curers of fi/b, /« Great Britain, authorifed to take Britilh fait from any diflant fait works, or fait pits, wferv the Jame is allowed by law for the curing of fijh for exportation, and to Jhip and remove the fame cooftwife to any other port or place in Great Britain, for the purpofes in the fame aft men-tionedy and more efpecially whether fuch curers of fijh, as reftde in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, are at liberty, under the faid aft9 or any other aft or afts> to remove fait coaftwife from any fait pits, or Jalt works, in that part of Great Britain called England, the exijleace of which doubt hath in many inflames been found detrimental to the faidfifberies; be it enacted, That, from and Salt for the after the paffing of this aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and curing of fifh for the curers of fifti in any part of the united kingdom of Great herrin^fea-Britain, to take from any fait works, or fait pits, in Great fon for&ome Britain, fuch quantity of Britijh fait as they (hall think proper, confumption, as well for the curing of any kind of fifh for exportation to fo- a8 well as for reign markets, as for the curing of herrings and other fifh taken exportation^ in the herring fifhery for home confumption, without paying may be taken any duty for the fame, and to bring, carry, tranfport, and re- duty-free, move coaftwife, the fait fo taken, to any port or place in Great etc* on th? Britain, fuch curers of fifh, or their refpe&ive agents, before fuch fait (hall be removed from the fait work, or fait pit, enter- P ing, at the next office for the duty on fait, the quantity of fait fo intended to be removed, and procuring the fame to be weighed in the prefence of an officer for the duties upon fait before the removal thereof, and alfo making oath in writing before fuch officer (to be by him filed in his office for the duty on fait), declaring the true quantity of fuch fait, and that all theTaid fait is intended for the curing of fifh for exportation, or for the curing of herrings and other fifh taken in the herring fifhery for home confumption (as the cafe may be), and that the faid fait is intended to be carried, tranfported, or removed coaftwife to fuch a port or place, (naming the fame), and (hall not, by their order, confent, or connivance, directly or indirectly be fold, given away, or any ways delivered but for the purpofe afore-iaid ; and alfo making a full and particular entry of fuch fait Entry to be with the proper officer of the cuftoms at the port or place where raade at the the fame (hall be, or is intended to be (hipped, for the purpofe p^rgfuchfoft of being brought, carried, tranfported or removed coaftwife as an(j bond * aforefaid, and alfo giving fecurity to the faid officer, by their given; bond or obligation, in double the amount of the duties payable by law upon fuch fait, for the due payment of fuch duties; and the proprietor or proprietors of fuch fait fo to be brought, carried, tranfported, or removed coaftwife as aforefaid, or his or their agent or agents, (hall, on the arrival thereof at the port and like entiy or place for which it (hall havp been To (hipped and entered as to be made at aforefaid, and before the fame (hall be relanded, make a full the intended and particular entry withe thecoliecftor, or other principal officer	*

of the cuftoms there, of the fait fo brought in and intended to b * be relanded, expreffing the true quantity thereof; and alfo piaking path in writing, before fuch collector or pthef officer,

that

Hosted by Google

m

Officer of the cuftoms to deliver certificate of entry, which is to cancel the bond, etc.

Salt carried coallwife, contrary to this aft, to be forfeited, with double its value, betides the duties.

8 Geo. a. and

c.

Anno vicefimo fexto GEORGir IIL c. 81; [178ft;

that all the faid fait was (hipped or taken on board at fuch 21 port or place, (naming the fame), and when the fame was fo (hipped or taken on board, and that all the faid fait is intended for the curing of filh for exportation, or for the curing of herrings and other fi(h taken in the herring fiihery for home con-fumption, (as the cafe may be), and that no part of fuch fait, fince the fame was (hipped, hath been, or (hall be thereafter, by their order, confent, or connivance, directly or indirectly fold, given away, or any ways delivered, but for the purpofe aforefaid, and that no drawback for the fame hath been had, or is intended to be had, upon the exportation of the faid fait; after which oath the faid colleftor, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, is required to grant and deliver to the proprietor or proprietors of the faid fait, or his or their agent or agents, without fee or reward, a certificate, under his hand, that fuch entry hath been made>; upon the production and delivery whereof to the officer of the cuftoms, to whom fuch bond lhall have been given as aforefaid, fuch bond (hall be delivered up to be cancelled ; and after fuch entry and oath made, the proprietor or proprietors of fuch fait, or his or their agent or agents, (hall be at liberty to reland the fame in the prefence of the proper officer, and fuch fait, being weighed in the prefence of fuch officer, and lodged in a warehoufe, under the lock and key of the faid officer, as well as of the proprietor of the faid fait, (hall be fecured, managed, ordered, and dealt with, delivered over, and accounted for, in fuch and the fame manner as is in and by the faid recited aft of the fifth year of the reign of King George the Firft prefcribed or directed, concerning the fait thereby allowed to be taken by curers of fi(h for exportation, as aforefaid, any thing in the faid recited aft, or in an aft made in Vie twenty-ninth year of the reign of. his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled, An aft for encouraging the fijheries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland), or any other aft or afts, or itny cuftom or ufage*, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That* if any Britijh fait (hall be removed from the works or pits, or carried, brought, transported, or removed coaftwife, or landed, contrary to the regulations prefcribed by this aft, and to the true intent and meaning hereof, fuch fait, and alfo double the value thereof, over and befides the duties payable for the fame, (hall be forfeited, to be recovered of the proprietor or proprietors of fuch fait, or the mafter of the veflel fo carrying, bringing, iranfporting* or removing the fame.

XXIX.	And whereas by an aft pajjed in the eighth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, (intituled* An aft for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of four years; and for giving further time for the payment of, duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrafts of clerks and apprentices), it is enafted, That, from and after the time therein mentioned, no foreign fait Jboulfbe deliywei over from the joint cujlody of the of-

fat

Hosted by Google

1786.} Anna vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 8r.	795

ficer and proprietor into the foie cufiody of the proprietor, or his agent, for curing fijh for exportation, except he or they /hould g ve fecurity, to the fatisfaftion of the chief officer of the fait duty in he port where fuch fait fhould he imported\ that he or they jh:uld and would account for the foreign fait fo by him or them to be received, in the terms of and according to the true intent and meaning of the therein recited afts^ made in the fifth and eighth years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firfi, or fioould anfwer the federal penalties in the faid afts dire Red to be recovered from the proprietor offending againjl the faid feveral afts, •or either of them: and whereas by an aft) paffed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign is Geo. 5. of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An a£t for reducing the allow- c' in P31* ances for wafte on fait and rock fait; for regulating the expor- recl e tation of fait to Jerfey^ Guernfey, Alderney, and Sark; for repealing the laws allowing the ufe of foul fait for manure only ; for allowing a drawback on the exportation of Glauber or Epfom falts; for reftraining fifh curers from being dealers in fait 5 for regulating the exportation of herrings from the Ifle of Man; for better fecuring the duties on fait; and for indemnifying perfons who have been guilty of offences againft the laws relating to the duties on fait) ; after reciting that Britifh fait, delivered duty-free^ for the curing of fijb for foreign markets, was liable to frauds for want of fecurity being given as for foreign fait* when delivered over into the curers foie cufiody at the beginning of the fijhing feafon, it is enafted, That, from and after the firfi day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty five, on delivering over fuch Britifh fait from the joint cufiody of the officer and propri-etor, into the foie cufiody of the proprietor, or his agent, for the curing of fifh for exportation, the faid proprietor, or his agentx jbould give fecurity, to the fatisfaftion of the chief officer of the fait duties, in the port or place where fuch fait had been lodged, in dou-> ble the amount of the dutiesy that he or they Jbould and would account for the fame in the terms of and according to the true intent and meaning of the feveral afts of parliament made in that behalf in like manner as the curers of fijh then did for foreign fait taken for the curing fijh for exportation, by virtue of an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second: and Inconveni-whereas the fecurity ufually required by the officer of the fait duties, en.ee having under and by virtue of the faid recited afts of the eighth year of the twohft reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, and the twenty. recited a fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly', being the bond of the. proprietor himfelf and two fureties, in double or treble the amount of the duties payable for the fait in refpeft whereof fuch fecurity is taken^ hath been found of great inconvenience to the proprietors, and. to operate very much to the difeouragement of the fijheries; for re* tnedy whereof be it ena&ed, That, from and immediately after fait may the pafling of this a£t, whenever any fait, foreign or Britifh7 henceforward ftiall be delivered over from the joint cuftody of the officer and proprietor, into the foie cuftody of the proprietor or his agent tod° of the* for curing fifh for exportation, fuch proprietor or his agent, proprietor on " (hall not be obliged or required, under or by force or virtue of his own bond,

the

Hosted by Google



Credit to be given on the back of the bond for the quantity of

Arino vtcfcfitod feito GsofeGii HI. c. 81.	[ r 78$.

the faid recited ads of the eighth year of the reign of hrs fate majefty King George the Second, and the twenty-fifth year 6f the reign or his prefent Majefty, or either of them, or any other ad or ads whatfoever, to give any fecurity, by furety or fureties, for the purpofes therein expreffed, but. his own bond, in double the amount of the duties only, and no otherwife, any thing in the faid ads, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX.	And be it further eixaded. That credit for the quantity or quantities of fait, for which fuch bond (hall be given as aforefaid, which (hall have been ufed and duly accounted for,

^_____^ (hall, from time to time, be given by the proper officer on the

felt accounted back of the faid bond ; and alfo that, when a proper account for, etc. (hall have been rendered of the whole of the fait fpecified therein, or the duties paid upon the deficiency thereof, the faid bond (hall be void, and (hall be delivered up and cancelled. mptVf" XXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That no bond or other ftTpdS fecurity* to be given by any taker or curer of fi(h, or the maf-ter or owner of any boat, bufs, or veffel employed in the Bri-tifh fifheries, or in the exportation of fifh, or in the conveyance of fi(h from one Britijb port to another, for or in refped of fuclv his occupation or employment, under or by force or virtue of any law or ftatute nowin being, (hall be charged or chargeable with any (lamp duty whatever, any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuf-tom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXII.	And whereas evidence hath been laid before parliament of the pernicious ejfefts which the fees or other perquifites of certain of the officers of his Majefty*s cuftoms, efpecially in Scotland, have produced on the fijheries of this kingdom, and as the requifition of fuch fees, however jonftioned by long ufage, appears, by the orders of the commons in parliament ajfembled, in the year of our Lord one thon-fand fix hundred and fixty-two, by virtue of an aft of the tzvelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, to be contrary to the declared intention expreffed in the faid orders; be it

Officers ac- further ena&ed, That, from and immediately after the palling cepting fees 0f this ad, it (hall not be lawful for any officer or officers of his ble thecalue* Majefty’s cuftoms, to demand, afk, or accept* any fee or other and to be dif- perquifite for or on account of any tranfadion relative to any charged. veffel or boat employed in th.e fiftieries, or in the tranfportation from one place to another of fifti, or of fait for the ufe of the fitheries, or for or on account of the payment of any bounty or debenture on filh ; and in cafe any fuch officer or officers (hall demand, afk, or accept any fuch fee or other perquifite as afore-faid, he or they (being thereof lawfully convided) (hall forfeit and pay treble the amount or value of the fum of money or other thing fo by him or them demanded, afked, or accepted* and (hall be forthwith difcharged from fuch office or offices, as: he or they (hall then hold in his Majefty’s cuftoms.

XXXIII.	And whereas the fjheries carried on from time immemorial on the coafts of the Ifle of Man, by the inhabitants thereof \ have proved a fruitful nurfery of able feamen for the national fervicez

and

Hosted by Google

1786.} Anno vicefimo fcxtd GiloRGii IIL c. 8t.

and whereas, if due and equal encouragement with that granted to his Majefly's other Britilh fubjefts, were given to the inhabitants of the I fie of Man Employed in the /aid fijheries, they might be further improved and extended\ to the advantage of the publick fervice, and to the increafe of the marine, wealthy and force of the kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and From June i, after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and bounty of is eighty-feven, the like, bounty of one fhilling per barrel as above per barrel to" mentioned, fhall be paid for all fuch herrings.caught by the be paid to the inhabitants of the lfle of Man, as fhafl be landed in the faid inhabitants of ifland from any boat or veffel, and fhall be afterwards properly for her-falted, cured, and packed* in manner as above directed forrjngS caUght* j5n7/y#-caught herrings; which faid bounty fhall be exclufive of and cured by all bounties payable on exportation of herrings to foreign parts, them in terms and fhall be payable and paid, with refpeft to fuch herrings as °f this aft $ fhall be landed in the lfle of Man, from and out of the fur-plufage of the annual cuftoms of the faid ifland, over and above the expenditure and civil eftablifhment of the faid ifland, by the receiver general of the cuftoms thereof for the time being, upon the owners of fuch herrings complying with, and conforming to, the like rules and regulations, and being fubje&ed and liable to the like penalties in cafe of relanding, or any other fraudulent pradtices, in order to obtain fuch bounty, as are by this a<5t directed with regard to Britifb-caught herrings landed in Great Britain*

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand on expor-feven hundred and eighty-feven, all fuch herrings as (hall be tat^aflowed^ caught and cured by the inhabitants of the lfle of Man, and ex- the bounties ported from thence, or from Great Britain, to foreign parts, granted by 5 fhall, upon exportation thereof, or any part thereof, be intitled Geo. 1. c. iS. to the like allowances or bounties of two (hillings and eight-pence per barrel on white herrings fo exported, and of one fhilling and nine-pence per barrel on red herrings fo exported, as by an a cl, paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his late rna-jefty King George the Firft, (intituled. An alt for recovering the credit of the Britifh fijhery in foreign parts 5 and for better fecuring the duties on fait), are granted on the exportation of white and red herrings refpedtively ; which faid allowances or bounties to be paid, if fhall, on fuch white or red herrings exported directly from the exported from lfle of Man to foreign parts, be payable from and out of the "Man ^as the fame funds, and in the fame manner refpedlively, as in this bounty of one prefent a<5t is provided and diredled with refpedt to the bounty (hilling per on the landing of herrings in the lfle of Man, caught and cured barrel is pay-by the inhabitants thereof, as above mentioned; and fuch al- ifhfroni lowances or bounties on exportation to foreign parts of white Great Britain, and red herrings refpe&ively, caught and cured by the inhabi- as the bounty tants of the faid ifland, and exported from Great Britain to fo- on exporta-reign parts, fhall, on the owner or owners thereof producing ^ due and proper certificates, figned by the collector, comptroller, der the like " or other chief officer of his Majefty’s revenue of thelaid ifland, regulations,

0	of

Hosted by. Google

Duties now payable on the importation of herrings from thelfle of Man to ceafe.

Penalties on officers taking fees to extend to the fiflieries of the IHe of Man.

it Geo. 3.	.

c. 58, in part recited.

Anno vicefimo fexto GeorgiI HI. a 8u of fuch owner or owners having taken the like oaths, and of their having conformed to the like provifions and regulations, as by this a<51 are directed in the cafe of herrings cured in Scotland, and exported from England, and of herrings cured irt England\ and exported from Scotland, be payable from the fame funds, and be iffued and paid under and fubjeft to the like conditions, reftriftions, and regulations, and with the like penalties in cafe of relanding fuch herrings, or in cafe of any other fraudulent praftices in order to obtain the faid bounties, as by the faid recited or by this prefent aft are provided, prescribed, andinflifted, in regard to herrings cured inland exported from, any part of Great Britain, any thing to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all duties which are at this time payable by law on fuch herrings as are caught and cured by the inhabitants of the Ifle of Man, and imported into Great Britain, (hall, from and after the parting of this aft, ceafe and determine.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That the like reftriftions and penalties as are herein before mentioned and provided, with regard to officers afking or accepting of any fee or perquifite for or on account of any tranf-aftion relative to the fifheries, (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be extended, in the mod full and ample manner, tar the fifheries of the IJle of Man.

XXXVII.	And whereas by an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, (intituled, An aft for the further encouragement of the herring fifhery on the coafts of the Ifle of Man ; and for obviating a doubt which has arifen with refpeft to the allowing the bounties upon the Britijh white herring fifti-ery in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one)y any fort of herrings caught upon the coafts of the lfle of Man, arid cured there, are allowed to be imported and brought into any part of Great Britain, upon payment of the duties therein mentioned, the mafter, or other perjon having the charge of the Jhip fo importing fuch herrings, bringing with him a certificate or certificates from the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in chief, or chief magif-trate for the time being, that oath had been made before him or them, in the prefence of the officer of the cufioms for the port or place where fuch herrings were put on board, that the fame were bona fide taken on the coafts of the Ifle of Man, and cured there; which certificate or certificates were alfo to be attefled by the faid officer of the cufioms, ‘ and to exprefs the number of barrels, and quantity of fuch herring* refpeftively, and the marks of the package expreffied in the bill or bills of lading, with the name or names, place or places of abode, of fuch perfon or perfons as Jhall have made the oath thereby direhed, and where and to whom fuch herrings Jhalhbe conftgtied in Great Britain f and whereas fuch herrings are frequently exported from parts of the faid ift and Jo diftant and remote from the place of residence of the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in chief, or chief magtf-trate for the time being, that the exporters thereof cannot, without

great

Hosted by

Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 8 il• 797

great inconvenience and expence, make the proof, and obtain the certificate required by the faid recited atl: now, for the remedy thereof, be ft further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That; from and From Aug. r, after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feveti hundred and the eighty-fix, the faid oath, required by the faid recited ad to be J^redted taken before the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in maybe chief, or chief magiftrate for the time being, fhall and may be adminiftered adminiftered by the colledor, comptroller, or other chief officer by thereve-of the revenue, at the port or place in the faid ifland where fuch th^porH^the herrings (hall be (hipped or loaden, who is and are hereby re- jfleof Man fpedively authorifed and required to adminifter the fame, and where her-to grant a certificate thereof in the form and to the effed requi r- rings are fhipt, ed by the faid recited a61, under his hand and leal of office; any thing in the faid recited act to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That Commiffioii-it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of his er* of cuf-Majefty’s cuftoms, and they are hereby authorifed and required toThe^afar^s to make fuch addition to the prefent falaries of the officers, 0£ officers in wliofe incomes (hall be reduced by the abolition of fuch fees, or confederation other perquifites as aforefaid, in lieu of, and by way of compen- qfthe ab°li-fation and fatisfadion for the fame, as they in their difcretion tl0tl of( ■ V (having regard as well to the creditable fubfiftence of the officer

as publick ceconomy), (hall judge neceflary, and fo order or di-red! ; any thing in this prefent ad, or in any other ad or ads contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or Perfons £otirt-perfons do prefume to counterfeit, erafe, or alter any certificate, terfeiting cef* debenture, or cocquet, by this ad direded to be made, or (hall tewniffied ufe any fuch certificate, debenture, or cocquet, knowing the as forgers, fame to be fo counterfeited, era fed, or altered, fuch perfon or

perfons (hall be liable to fuch and the fame punilhment as by the laws and ftatutes of this realm is provided for perfons con-vided of forgery.

XL. And be it Further enaded. That if any perfon, in Perfons mak-making any oath direded or required to be made by this ad, ing falfe oaths fhall wilfully and falfely fwear any matter or thing which, if the gpjity of peV fame had been fworn in any caufe or fuit depending in any of jury, his Majefty’s courts would have amounted to wilful and corrupt perjury; every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convided, (hall be liable to fuch and the fame pUnifhment as by the laws and ftatutes of this realm is provided for perfons convided of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XLI. And be it further enaded, That all the penalties and Howpenalties forfeitures herein-befbre given by this ad, (hall be diftributed are to be ap-in manner following; that is to fay, One moiety thereof to his ^vercd. ^ Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to any perfon or perfons who (hall feize, inform, or fue, for the fame, and (hall be fued for, recovered, levied, profecuted, and determined, by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefiminfier, or in the court of exchequer in . Vol. XXXV.	Ggg	Scotland,

Hosted by Google

n 9$

General iffue.

Doable cofts,

i Geo. t. c. x8; and

9 Geo.i.c. 33, recited.

A#no vieefimo Jqcte QjEORjsn III,, c. 81*. [j 786.

Scotland, refpaftwely,, wherein no effoin, proteftion, privilege, wager ©flaw, or moreihan one imp	(hall;be	flowed.

JjXII* And, be it Further enabled, That df'any:perfon or per^ fons (Hall-happen to\befuied ^ pt^cnteU^r any tWng by hini , or thfidi done pr executed in;purfiiance pfthis aft, fuch perfpn or perFons fllail or mky pl^a the generaHffue, and give this1 a2F, .arid the Fpecial matter irt evidence; and if upon' trial a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhail5 become nonftfited, difcontittue, or •forbear profecuting fuch a'ftion or aftions, then fucli defendant • or defendants	to	double	cofts	againft	fuch	plain-

tiff or plaintiffs, for which he or they fhall have the like remedy as a defendant can have in any cafe where cofts are given him by‘law,

XLIir. 'And whereas, by virtue of an aft pajfed in the firfiyedr of the reign of Ms latemajefiy King George the Fitfiintitule#, hti aft for the better preventing frefh fi(h, taken by foreigners, be-; ing ih]ported into this kingdom, and for the prefervation of the fry of fifh^and for the giving leave to import lobfters and tur-bets infqreign bottoms; and for the better prefervation of f$U mon within Jeveral rivers in that part of this kingdom called England : and alfo, of an aft pajfed in the ninth year of the reign of his late majffiy King George the Second, intituled, An aft to render the law more effedual for preventing the importation of frefh hlh taken by foreigners; and to explain fo muchof an aft made in the thirteenth and fourteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to (hips exporting fifh.to the ports of the Mediterranean Sea; and for the better prefervation of the fry of lobfters on the coaft of Scotland; no herring, cod, pilchard, falmon, or ling, frefh or falted, dry or bloated, nor any grill, mack-.are!, whiting, haddock, fprats, coal-fifh, gull-fijh, longers, or any fort ,offlat fifty nor any other fort of freftfift wbatfoever (except turbets and lobfters), can be legally imported into, fold, or expofed to fale in that part of this kingdom of Great Britain called England, which fhall be taken by, bought of, or received from, any foreigner or foreigners, or out of any fir anger or fir angers bottom (except protefiant. fir angers), inhabiting this, kingdom; and every per fori offending by fuch illegal importation, fale, or expofal to fale, is liable to forfeit and pay the fum pf one hundred pounds., to be recovered by .any inf or met,

, in any -of the. courts in itVeftminfter Hall, and to be diftributed and .difpofed of iti the manner following [that is to fay) ; 0ne moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parijh where fuch offence ft all be committed; and the mafter or commander of every fuch fmack, hoy, yager, boat, flip, or other veffel, in which anyflft fhall be fo illegally imported, or brought to floor?, is alfo liable -to forfeit and pay thefurnpf fifty pounds, to be recovered by any informer,.and to be difpofed of as aforefaid, provided that no p erf on flfil incur any fuch penalty or forfeiture, unlejs the profecution for the fame be commence4 within twelve month 's after the offence committed: and whereas ike provifions made by the faid recited afts are found, by experience, to be ineffeftufi, and not fuffcient to refirain ill difpofed

perfons

Hosted by

Google

Anno vi.q#mfgm»G&gSGtt III. o. 81.

petfimfrom buying and receiving frejhfijh {qthetthdn tunbets, kijbrsi a^d eels) from foreigners or fir angers* and importing and ftdling fuch fijh, in this kingcLp^ contrary to the tenor andiexprefi meaning of the fetid aits \ and, by reafon of the great delay and expence attending the pxofecution of the offender s> and the great difficulty of procuring fuff-dent evidence for the recovery <tf the fetid penalties under the faid acts, perfonsare dtfeovragedfrom filing for fuch penalties > and the faid of-fenders efcape with impunity: for remedy whereof and to the intent d praftife jo injurious to the Britifh fijheties% and fo obmoujly detrimental to the naval intevejls of this kingdom, may be the more effectually fupprejfed and prevented, be It further enacted* That? if, upon complaint or information, upon oat^ mady beWe any two juftices of the peace (having competent jurisdiction in this behalf), it (fi^H appear that? fuch officer or officers doth or dd« know* or is or are credibly informed, or hath or have caufe to believe or fufpeft, that any fifti hath been imported or brought into, or fold or expofed to fale, in the port of London, contrary to the tenor and true intent; and meaning of the faid recited a^ts of the firfl year of the reign of King George the Firft, and the ninth year of King George, the Second, and of this prelent aft, or any of fuch afts, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juf-tices to fumtnqn tfie perfon or perfons who (hall be charged by fuch complaint or information, to appear before them, at a time and place to be fpecified {n ihe fummons; and in cafe the party or parties fo fummpned (hall not appear according to fuch fummons, then, upon due proof made of the fervice of fuch fummons, either perfonally, or by leaving the fame at his or their dwelling-hopfe, lodging, or other ufual place of abode whilft the party or parties (hall be on (hore, or not being on (hore, with fome perfon in the (hip or veflel to which he or they (hall then actually belong,’ to caufe fuch party, or parties to be apprehended, by warrant or warrants under the hands and feals of fuch juftices, and to, be brought before them at fuch time and place as (hall be fpecified in and by fuch warrant or warrants; and thereupon, whether fuch party or parties (hall appear upon fuch fummons,.or be apprehended as aforefaid, fuch juftices (hall and may proceed to hear the matter of fuch complaint or information, and to adjudge and determine the fame.

XLIV. And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for tfie faid juftices, before whom any fuch complaint or information (hall be m^de as aforefaid, to fummon be-' fore them any feamati, fiftierman, or other perfon, who (hall, in or by fueft complaint or information, appear to be a neceflary witnefs as to the matter thereby charged, to appear before them, at a time and place to he fpecified in the fummons; and in cafe fuch feaman, fiftierman, or other perfon, (hall not appear according to fuch fummq^S)-then. Upon due proof -made of the fervice of foch fuinmons in manner aforefaid, to caufe fuch fea-man, fiftierman, or other perfon, to be apprehended by warrant under, the haqds and feals of fuch juftices, and to be brought before them, and thereupon, whether fuch feaman, filherman,

. ................... G	g	g	2	or

799

If officers fuf-peft freth fifh to have been

imported hita

London contrary to i Geo. i. c.

9 Geo. %. c. 33. and this aft, two juftices may fummon the parties, and determine the complaint.

Witneffies refuting to attend may be apprehended, and giving falfe evidence to be committed for a year to gaol.

Hosted by Google

Anno vicefimo fcxtaGeorgii III* c* 2u	[1786.

or other perfon, (hall appear upon fummons, or be apprehended as aforefaid, fuch juftices (hall and may proceed to examine him upon oath as to the matter of fuch complaint or information; and in cafe fuch feaman, fifherman, or other perfon, (hall wilfully refufe to be fworn, or to give evidence therein, or (hall evidently wilfully forfwear himfelf, or prevaricate in his evidence, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices, by warrant under their hands and Teals, to commit fuch feaman, fifherman, or other perfon To refufing to be fworn, forfwearing himfelf, or prevaricating as aforefaid, to the common gaol of the county or place in or for which fuch juftices (hall then a cl, to remain for the fpace of one whole year, without bail or mainprize.

Written evi- XLV. And be it further enadted, That the examination of the forcehofC every Perfon & t0 b® examined as a witnefs as aforefaid j (hall viva voce ° be ta^en down in writing by or before the faid juftices; and in examination, cafe the party or parties, charged by fuch complaint or information, cannot be made to appear at the time of fuch examination, and fuch witnefs cannot be made to attend when fuch party or parties (hall appear, then and in fiuch cafe fuch examination in writing (hall and may be read and made ufe of, and (hall have the fame force and effedl as if fuch witnefs were then actually prefent and examined viva voce.

Hpwpenalties XLVI. And be it further enadted. That the aforefaid feveral der^ecked1" Pecun*ary penalties, by the faid in part recited adt of the ninth part of 9 year of the reign of King George the Second granted or impofed. Geo.*, c. 33. (hall be recoverable by and before any two juftices of the peace are to be for any county, divifion, or place, on due proof and convidtion appliTdedand r^e oj^ence by the oath of any credible witnefs, or by con-pp * feffion of the offender or offenders, and that the whole of fuch penally or penalties (hall belong to the informer or informers making or laying fuch complaint or information as aforefaid ^ and in cafe of the nonpayment of fuch penalty or penalties, with the charges incident to fuch convidtion, immediately upon fuch convidtion, the fame penalty or penalties and charges (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch offender or offenders, by warrant or warrants under the hands and feals of the juftices before whom he or they (hall have been convidted; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, the offender or of-fenders (hall be Cent by the fame juftices to the common gaol of the county, divifion, or place, in or for which they (hall re-fpedtively ad!, there to remain for the fpace of one#whole year, without bail or mainprize, unlefs fuch penalty or penaltierlhall be fooner paid; any thing in the faid laft mentioned a£ts,rOr cither of them, or any other adt or adis, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLVII. Jndy to the end that the perfon or perfons convifted of any offence for which any Juch pecuniary penalty, as loft aforefaid, is by this aft made recoverables may not by flight or removal after fuch conviftion evade imprifonment, where fuch penalty Jhall not be paid upon his or their conviftion; be it furrher enadted, That it ftiall

and

Hosted by Google

iy86,] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 81.	801

and may be lawful for.the juftices before whom any fuch of- and if not fender or offenders (hall befo convicted as aforefaid, immediately after fuch convidlion to order fuch offender or offenders into cuftody (in cafe the faid penalty or penalties due on fuch con- may be im-vidtion be not immediately paid), during fuch time not exceed- prifoned 48 ing forty-eight hours, as fuch juftices (hall think proper to allow boiirs^togWe for the return of the warrant for levying fuch penalty by diftrefs vylifg by di-and fale as aforefaid.	ftrefs.

XLV III. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That in cafe of if it (hall appear to the fatisfadlion of the juftices before whom inefficiency any fuch offender (hall be convidted as aforefaid, either by the of goods, the confeflion of the party convidled, or other witnefs, that fuch ^^JmmUted. party hath not goods or chattels fufficient to anfwer the penalty	.	*

or penalties by him incurred, then, and in fuch cafe, the fame juftices (hall and may, without iffuing any warrant 6f diftrefs, commit the party fo convidted, as if fuch warrant had adtually jffued, and a return of nulla bona been made thereon.

XLIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That if any Security for fuch offender, ordered to be committed to prifon uqder or by be^cceptS*^ virtue of this adf, (hall, before his adtual commitment to prifon, an(j if not * procure fecurity to be given by two fufficient fecurities, to the fulfilled, the fatisfadtion of the juftices before whom he (hall have been con- party con-vidted, for payment of the penalty or penalties by him incurred, with the charges incident to his convidtion, within the fpace of b/impri- * fourteen days, exclufive of the day of coftvidlion ; thep, and in foned. fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftices to accept fuch fecurity, and upon nonpayment thereof, at the time ltipu-lated for that purpofe, it (hall and may be lawful for the fame juftices, or any other juftices of the peace for the fame county, divifion, or place, to caufe the party convidled, and his fureties, to be apprehended by warrant or warrants under their refpedtive hands and feal$, and them to commit to the common gaol of the county, divifion, or place, in or for which fuch juftices (hall adt, for fuch fpace of time as the party convidted was fubjedt and liable to have been imprifoned, in cafe no fuch fecurity had been given, unlefs fuch penalty and charges (hall be fooner paid.

L. Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That if any per- Parties con-fon or perfons fo convidled as aforefaid (hall think himlelf or ™c*?d» °n themfelves aggrieved, by the judgement or determination of any	^ay

juftices of the peace, upon any complaint or information in pur- appeal to the fuance or by virtue of this adf, it (hall and may be lawful to and general or for fuch perfon or perfons, withiri the fpace of three calendar quarter fef-raonths then next enfuing, to appeal to the general or quarter the convic-feffions of the peace to be held for the county, divifion, or place, tion be af-in or for which fuch juftices (hall have adted, fuch perfon or firmed, to pay perfons fo appealing giving, and being hereby required to give, double cofta. at lead fix days notice to the informer or informers of fuch his, her, or their intention to bring fuch appeal, and of the matter thereof, and (hall, with two fufficient fureties, enter into recognizance before fome juftice or juftices of the peace for the fame

G g g 3	county,

Hosted by Google

Persfons bav-Ingipaid the penalty, or being im-

$0%	A«no	vfcefimo kxtb 4fe3iKHftilL Shift. [*?8£.

cpu^y/divifipn>jar plape, toappear and prdfecate foeh at the feid general or quart# feffions, arid abide by the Order dr deteraii^kn pf the -fel^e efcrirt,arid to pay the Softs and Slftlf2-ge,$» thereby awarded again ft fudh perfon or perfcns, (if any j 5 r	aqd) €y#yi fuel* appeal (hall,by the feid court of gdieraT dr

. / ? f qiia^t^r feffionsike examined, and the cireumftattces of the cafe fully.c«qd5rbd.into, apd the ilnatterfinally heard arid dd#nriti-f ed;ancliricafe fuch judgement, determination^ ot eonvidfion, fo appealedragainftir (had 'bfe affirmed, rive party *fo appealing v	(haJJ/pay	unto	the informer ©r informers double Cofts, to he af-

certained by thfc order of the fame court,	-	,	• ,

LL . Provided alfo, and- bt -it further enaded, That in cafe the .perferi or .perfons fo iriteilding to appeal (hall have paid the

w t_____ penalty* .j|rider.|a-riy jfe-Q'h^cojmridiiori as aforefaid, into the hands

pri Toned, not of tfipfeid juftkes by wayof.depofn, or -(hall be-then tmpriferi-t° find fare- ed, fuch pe-rfon or perfons (ball and may appeal to the faid g£-tie3,	rieral or quarter feffiQns within the time aforefaid, on tri^Br

t . ' their er«ring (without fur^ties) into fuch recognizance a^ here-in-beferf .mentioned, and remaining in prifohlnthe meantiriifc, or depofiting fitch penalty into the hands of the faid jutttees, there to remain until themerits of the faid appeal (hall behda'rd

and determined. .... *..... /•'

vNalndge- LII. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That no fercti jdftTqes to be coqvi$k>o made, or judgement given as aforefaid, (hall befet iVt a fide for. afide by the feid. court of general or quarter feflion for want of form,:form*,or through dtAe>mifeftatmg of any fad, eircumftancie, rir or removed by other -matter whatfoeveC,* provided the material fads alledged-m eitiorau. fu^ cpnvidiOri or judgement, and On which the fame (hall be grounded* be proved to the fetisfadion of the feid court, ribr (hall :$ny fuch convi&ion or judgement, or any order or pro-. ceedings ©f the faid court, be removed or removeable by Qr-tiorari, er any other writer procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majefty-s courts of record, at Wejhninfiermi any law or cuftom fo the contrary notwithftandingv	:

JJU. Provided alfo, and he it further e-naded, That every profecution in -purfu’anoe or by virtue of this a61, for any offence againit the faid feveral ads of the firft year of the reign offing Qmgev.the Firft, hnd the ninth year of the reign of King Gborge jhe; fecgpd,. or: either of them, (hall and-may be commenced within, die fpace-of twelve calendar months from the 'tittle whe/ca.t fueh offence (hall have been committed; any thing iri theXid'ads, dr eitherof-them, contained to the contrarysriof* withftanding.	;	5'	‘	"

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That np-t|wngin this ad contained (hall extend, Or be implied or coin-full force, ex- ftrugd to extend, to repeal or alter any ad or ads now in force, cept fuch as or any of the claufes .or provi(ions therein contained, or take a.w$ y*.abridge, Jeflen,:o.r aded any of the powers or authorities thereby given or granted refpedivdy, for fettling or regulating . the mode or courfe to be obferved in fitting out for any fifoefy, or. clearance outwards, or entry inwards, or the difeharge of any . ,	-	>	bufs

Actions for •oftences a^ainft i Geo, 1. c. 18. &

9-Geo, i. c. 33., may be commenced ^within 1% r •months.

The powers

are hereby

rcoeaied.

Hosted by Google

r^86.J Anno	GKdROif; llli &Bii	|o|

bufe or fiMhg; veflfel, or in cellaring,, fecurirrg, foipping, reftlip* ping, or reiandihg any fait, to be ulfecbfor tlie^falling or curing pf #(h, or. in fi&ing for, catchingfajting, curing,.ftorinrg, l^qd1-ingi removmg, mattcing, or expor.tinganyftfh wbarfotver, or	'	j

in the paymenror allowancodf ahy bounties thereby; refpeo tiyely granted, qH the tonnage or^burtben of any bufs*or veffe], or on any fifh/td be ‘exported, fave bnly and1 except* fd far as any fuch ad or afifs, <jr t%.claufes,jjrb^fibns^ powers, or authorities therein contained or granted; are fpedfically or exprefely repealed,revoked, altered, or controlled by tnrs prefent-a<9f, or repugnant to any of the provifipns jherein cdntairfedT but that all and Angular thefaid* former la^^ahd''the bpunties thereby granted, and the feveral rules, regplattorns, powers;a_nd‘authorities therein conteiiied or^grartt^d^ahd the pains, penalties, and forfeitures incurred,, dr thereby infoSfed' or provided* for any breach or non-pbfervance of the fame, except as* aforeftid, (halt remain andcoh't 1 ri U e" i ri'the ftfne forehand effe6fcas: ifjthis a£H had not been made kany thing hereifi contained: to, the eontr^try notwithftandihgrv^	1	,	/...	’

,' :

Anafifor thi morejffpftualtycnrrying^	relating

to the. duties onfamppd v4lufn>\ parchjnmt^ aftdipaper; and for repealing eerAawJl4fflp: duties .on.ppUciesfon infuring \property in. any. c foreign, kingdom, onflatefrom lofs byjfre* { ■

F OUL the mre'effefhicMy carrying into execution the laws nqw in Preamble.

fotce relating W the ^Wes under the management of his Ma~ fifty's commijjiohers for managing the duties, on Jiamped vellum r parchment^ and paper, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament * aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and ^75, after, the fifth day of July, one thousand feverr hundred and penalties are eighty-fix, wherefoever any perfon (hall be convicted before, a not djretfed juftice or juftices of the . peace for any offence to be hereafter to be applied committed againft any a<ft or a&s of parliament now in being, bLfo^er or hereafter to be made, touching or concerning any the duties ^ appUed under the management or care of the faid commiffioners for a$ herein, ‘ managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, rented, by which any pecuniary penalty or fum of money fliall* be for-, feited, the fatd juftice or juftices of the peace before whom fiich* perfon fhall be convicted of the faid offence, (hall levy the faid* pecuniary penalty or fum of money in fuch manner as* in fuch a<ft or a6ts of parliament is contained, and apply the.fame ta fuch ufes and purpofes, and in fuch proportions, as are thereia contained and exprefsly directed, in cafe the fame a£t or a&s of parliament, or any other a<ft or a&s of parliament relating there^ to, (hall exprefsly direcft the application thereof; and in default of fuch exprefs and fufficient diredtions in fuch adt or adls of parliament for the application of the faid pecuniary penalty, or

G g g 4	fum

Hosted by Google

go4	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii	1IL	c. 82. £1786.

fum of money fo forfeited upon fuch conviction as aforefaid, then to apply the fame in fuch manner as is r h^ih-after directed. t > t r

One moiety .t IL And be it further enacted by the authority* aforefaid, That, of penalties from, and after the faid fifth day of July* onb thoufand feven informer^- hundred and eighty-fix, one moiety or half part of all pecuniary fecutingwith- penalties or forfeitures which (hall be incurred by any perfon or in fix months, perfons for any offence hereafter to be committed againft any and the other jaw now in being, or hereafter to be made, touching or - con-Ma’ cerning any the laid duties (except where a different mode of J	application i$ or (hall be in the faid law fpecially preferibed)

(hall belong, and be applied to the informer or informers profe-cuting for the feme within thefpace of fix calendar months after fuch offence is committed, and the other moiety or half part of the faid .pecuniary penalties or forfeitures (the neceflary charges for the recovery thereof being fir ft deduced) (hall be paid to the ufe of his Maiefty, his heirs and (uccefibrs, in the ' manper herein-after direfled* .

But no p*rt of	Provided	always, arid be it further eriaded by the autho-

tobdongto8 rity aforefaid. That every diftribution or divifion of any1 p£cu-informers not niary penalty or forfeiture, directed to be made by this or any profecutingin other ad or ads of parliament touching any of the faid duties, limited time* upon convidion before a juffice or juftices or the peace as afore* faid, (hall be, and is hereby reftrided and confined to the prosecuting for the fame within the time herein-before limited 5 and that in default of fuch profecution within theti me aforefaid, no informer or informers before a juftiee or juftices of the peace as ,	aforefaid, (hall have or be entitled to any part or (hare of fuch

penalty or forfeiture, but that the whole thereof (hall belong to, his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and (hall be recoverable by any the ways and means in or by any fuch ad or ads of parliament in that behalf direded; any thing in this, or any the faid ads, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

. '/• / f IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, HU Mayfly's That, from and after the patting of this ad, all penalties or for-nkltfes to be futures,. and (hares of penalties or forfeitures, which (hall be paid to re- due or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors, by virtue ceiver-general of this or any of the faid ads of parliament, or any other ad or of damps, ads 0f parliament now made, or hereafter to be made, touching ^e°famHnto any *he ^	(hall*	from	time	to	time,	be paid into the

the exche- hands of the receiver-general of the duties on ftamped vellum, querbyAug.i, parchment, and paper, for the time being, (or fome other per-annually, to fon t0	authorifed by the laid commifiioners, or the major

former'penah Part	t0 rece*ve the fame), who (hall keep a feparate

ties.	and diftind account thereof, and pay the fame (the neceflary

charges of paying and accounting for the fame being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer on or before the firft day of Auguft, in every year, unlefs the feme (hall be a Sunday or holi-; day, and then on the day following which (hall not be an holiday; and in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt thfcre (hall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the

monies

Hosted by Google

ijt8<5.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgh HI. c. 82.	805

monies arifing from the penalties ©riorfeitures due dt payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceftbrs, for any offence or offences committed againft any a ft or afts of parliament now or hereafter to be made touching any of the faid duties on damped . vellum, parchment, or paper,, ^nd paid into the (aid receipt as.

'aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart front all other mo- -nies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatsoever; and the faid monies jfo to be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be iffued and applied to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in fuch manner, and to fuch purpofes, as the faid penalties and forfeitures were paid or applied, or ought to have been paid or applied j before the making of this aft, and to no other ufe, in* tent, or purpofe whatfpever.	v

V. And be it furtherenafted bythe authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the palling of this aft, in all' cafes where Juftices to any pecuniary penalty or, forfeiture for any offence committed tobe^ againft this, or any aft or afts of parliament now of hereafter to macje out ;n be made, touching any the duties under the management or the following care pf the faid commiffidners for managing the. duties on form, damped vellum, parchment; aqd paper, (hall be incurred, it (hall and may be lawful for the jpftice or juftices of the peace, before whom any peffon or perfonii ^hall be convifted of the faid offence, to caufe the conviftion upon the fame offence to be made out in the form, or to the effeft following, mutatismutan-dis, as the cafe (hall happen to be; any thing in any former act contained to the contrary thereof not withftanding ; and every fuch conviction (hall be good and effectual to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, without dating the cafe or the fafts or evidence in any more particular manner; that is to Say:

BE it remembered, That on the	day	Form of con-

in the	A. B. of vision.

was duly convifted before me C. D. one. of bis Majefty’s jujlices of the peace for the county of (of before us C. D. and E. F. two of his Majefly’s juftices of the peace for the county of	as	the	cafe (hall hap-

pen to be), in purfuance of an aft, pajfed in the year of the reign of	for	that	the	faid A. B. on

the	day	of	now laft pqft!, did

(here date the offence againft the aft, as the cafe (hall happen to be), contrary to the form of the Jlatute in that cafe made and pro-vided; and I (or we, as the cafe may be) do declare and adjudge that be the faid A. B. hath forfeited, for his faid offence, the fum of of lawful money of Great Britain, which fum of	1	(or	we,	as the cafe may be) do hereby

mitigate to the fum of	(here date the miti-

gated penalty, if neceflary) to be diftributed as the law dire ft s.

This ij thefirft, fecond, or other offence, (as the cafe (hall happen to be).

Given

Hosted by Google

*	:&Ste4	{i	ji6.

$06

1U

Convictions	io	be'Wrote fairly

tobi ~........... ............ *	"	^	"""‘	.......

the t the i and ] moveable Certiorari

fubjeCt to ap*'fto'feeiyt <m vl&mn1	1 be'-Jtttibve#*':b j''Ceftiqtariy* irlto’any

quarter fef-	^hatfOetfet, but (hall be fubjfed to appeal before t^d-jm-

iions.	ikes	of the quarter fe(fe6i&,: "in fuch^drirtd* as ifr ahd'by ihy

foth Wi ttf'&&$*df'pinfHaift'dnt	direfted.'	'	f	1	•

t. VI. .And whereas great difficulties 'have frMuently arijeh, 'Upon (be

\ indlffttitiits; ana otherprofeifitjons for againfi his Mafejiy^ ‘febtwe oti fia,inptS

k **.2-1.1 < '/3L.1&& Jim*-f it hi,	fllJ2,2

t	to

f&rfy (he fdfiti in fa' exfilHtori;' %dvi 'dftbW^jfir ’remedy thereof* be it

From Aug.

1786, in pro-fecutions

where offend-/	^	.	iv; .	-t;	.	.-7:”^-"	■	-»	3-- rr	i	-

ers may be ^therprofedutiort/fbr^y dffentp ‘C'ofmtl f tted4 agSinft ahy actor

j’Aitlf'Win'rt' ■Ai*,U/+^/'Wrf?nW ibo (Viiirl /?i'iftoe At*

entto prove "dfeeindf or'conftfafeti‘ttf'begtfiltj£<>f^fel6rty| any queftidri ^hafl

the evidence	Mother	any	‘pylori be an officer©? nis Majefty, his heirk

afted under "bir fucCeiTors, w W fift'smy of* tbe^id'duties, or Whethef any

™com?Affi‘ perfon hatlibe^h'fetiVdioyed by tbfe' fa:S; ieommiffioners for raia--oners, with- r .	.	c	•	1	j	•	r	J	1 J •	r	,	1

.outprodueingvnaSing the laid duties, or the major part of them, to make or

his depute-	provide any dies or (lamps to dettdte the ftid duties, or aqy of

Uon.	theft), br to repair, renew, or alter the fame, or any of them* in

every of the fald cafes, proof fell and may be made and admitted, that fuch perfqn was reputed to be, and had aded in, and in ($€t exereifed fudv office or employment, and at the refpec-time and times when the matter or matters in controverfy upon fuch trial or trials (hall happen to have been done or cotfl-tnittjed, without producing or proving the particular commif-fion, deputation, pr other authority, whereby fuch officer or fether perfon was conftituted, appointed; of employed ; and that In every fuch cafe fuch proof (hall be deemed and taken, by the judges or juftices before whom any fuch trial (hall be had, to be good and legal evidence, unlefs by other evidence the contrary (hall be made to appear; any law or ufage to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.*	4

VII.	And whereas, in and by an aft made in the lafi Jeffion of Geo. 3. c. 50, parliament* intituled* An ad for repealing an ad made in the recited, and twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, repealed as An a£l for granting to his Majefty certain duties on certificates ijfued ar as re ates refpeft to the killing of game, and for granting other duties in

lieu

Two provi-foes of %s

Hosted by Google

i^86.‘J Aftiio vitefitir^fexw	HI. c.82.'	807

lieu them/\ it was provided, That, fHmfcidffter tbe'firfi day of to the tithe of July, one thoufdndfeven hundred pnd figfyyffive, it jhould and mighf he lawful for any one or more jufiiceprjufiifes ofihe peace of the ^h°re they * county, riding, Jhire, fitwartry, divtfim, ‘city, liberty, or place, have not fuf-wherein any offence or offences again/} the JM aft jhould be commit- ficient goods ted, and fuchjufiice afidju/lices was and\ Were thereby required, upon	pe"

information i?r complaint to him or third made j ip fummon ihe party na iie * or parties atcufed, arid alfothe wiinejfes on either fide, to appear before him or them, and Upon the appear ante of the party dr parties ac-cufed, or' h default fif his j hef, or their appearance according to fuel) fummvtis, to proceed to hear- cmidetetniM& the matter in a fum* rnary way \ and upondue proof fnadh thtnof, either by the voluntary confejfion of the party or parties accufedy or by the oath of one or more credible wittidfs or tyUnejfes, to gipe judgement hrfentente for the penalty or forfeiture, dcofdmgas jitanfi by the/aid aft is dir efted, and to award pid ijfule 'hut his/ WWtaWs, tinier ‘bis. hand and feat, for the levying	fp adjudgedf on the

goods of the offender, dm if efitifi fate fd M fktide thereof in cafe they jhould not he fidetnlect fyfrhifi fix days, rendering to the party the Overplus^, (if plyfi'y and where fiiffcient/goods of fuch offender c hot be found id dtfw'er the penalty, To'Uirimil fuch offender to the \common gaol or Mufe of correction, 'jhfretb remain for the [pace of fix months, mlefs fuch penalty ffould be footer paid and fatisfied:	7

and in and * by another provifo 6f thffaid aft\ it was provided and enafted. That nothing in the faid a ftffobtained jhould extend, or be tonflrued to extend fid fubjeft any perfon or perfons whatfoever to a longer irnprijonmefit than three calendar months, for nonpayment of any fine or penalty to be impofed unfer/he authority of the faid aft:. now, to obviate any doubts which have afifin, or may arife, on the meaning of the faid aft, be it further enaded by' the authority aforefaid, That the faid provifo j&ft abOvementioned, and every matter and thing therein contained, and alfoTo much of the faid provifo firft above mentioned which relates to the time for which the offender is to be committed, and which authorifes or requires .the juft ice or ju (Vices of the peace^. before whom any offender (hall be convided of any offence againft the faid ad, where fufficient goods of fuch offender cannot be found to anfwer the penalty, to commit fuch offender to the common gaol or houfe of corredion, there to remain for the fpace of fix months, Thai! be, and are, and each of them, (as to fuch part thereof as aforefaid) (hall be, and is hereby repealed^ and that, from and after the paffihg 6f this ad, it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch juftice or juftices of the peace as aforefaid, before whom any fuch offender (hall be convided of any offence againft the faid ad of the laft feffion of parliament, to levy any pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, adjudged by virtue of the faid ad, ia fuch manner as is'therein direded,:all which penalties and forfeitures fo adjudged ftiall be divided and diftributed ^according to the dirediofts of this ad before fpecified; and that where if penalties be fufficient goods of fuch offender cannot be found to anfwer the1101 Pa*d> penalty, and the fame (hall remain unpaid, -to commit fuch of- rommUt^d

fender 9

Hosted by Google

8g8	Anno	vicefimo fexto Georgii llh cl Zzl f i786

for three fender to the common gaol orhoufe of corre&ion, there to re-months, and ma;n for foe fpace 0f three calendar months, unlefs fuch pe-no longer. na]ty foail fce (boner paid and fatisfied, and no longer; any thing in the faid a£t contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.	'

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the Laws now in authority aforefaid. That all and every law and ftatute now in force, except force, touching any the faid duties, and every article and thing pealed *to be in them contained, and not herein and hereby altered or reput in execu- pealed, fhall be duly put in execution according to the tenor of lion.	the faid laws, and under the penalties therein contained, to be

raifed, levied, and difpofed of as therein and thereby are directed.

1% Geo. 3. c. IX. And whereas by an at7, made in the twenty fecond year of 48, recited, the reign of his prefent Majefty* intituled, An a<Sb for charging a ^dutyduty on perfdns whofe property (hall be infured againft lofs by every 100 L °r	*na&*d* there Jhall be raifed* levied, collected, and

infured, * paid, throughout Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Ma-thereby laid, jefty, his heirs and fucceffbrsr the yearly fum of one Jhilling and fix-t-eafe from pence upon every j-um 0jf one hundred pounds, andfo in proportion for on uifurances **9 Zreater & "fi that is or Jhall be infured by any perfon or of foreign pro -perfons, in or by any policy of infurance for injuring houfes, goods* pert y from wares, merchandizes, or other property, from lofs by fire: and 'whereas it is thought expedient to exempt all policies for injuring fof ' reign property from lofs by fire from the faid yearly duty; be it therefore enacted. That, from and after thefifth day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, the faid yearly rate or duty upon all fums of money that are or (hall be infured by any perfon or perfons, in or by any policy of infurance made in Great Britain, for infuring of any houfe or houfes, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, within any foreign kingdom or (late in amity with his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, (hall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or {payable; any thing in the faid recited contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

X.	And whereas there are in the hands of the receiver general of the Jlamp duties feveralfmall fums of money received by him on ac~ count of duties and penalties, not applicable, by any law now in force, ated^duties1" t0 any Particular ufe or purpofe, and which cannot be paid into the etc. in the* receipt of the exchequer under any head of account; be it therefore hands of the enacted, That all fuch fums of money as are now in the hands receiver ge- cf foe fa*1(j receiver general of the (lamp duties (hall be paid by Samps,°to be	*nt0 rece^P' -°f the exchequer, and the money fo paid

carried to the in (hall be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly finking fund, called The Sinking Fund.

Claufe of 23 XI. And whereas by an a5l, pajfed in the twenty-third year of Gfo: 3. c. 58, the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aQ. for granting to Samps6on*	^1S ^aJe^y kveral additional and new duties upon ftatnped

transfers of vellum, parchment, and paper; and alfo for repealing certain ftock, recited, exemptions from the (lamp duties, it was enabled. That, for every fkin or piece of parchment* or Jheet or piece of paper, upon

which

Hosted by

Google

1786.} Anno vlcefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 83.	809

which Jhall be engroffed or written any transfer of flock in any com-pany9 fociety, or corporation within Great Britain, there Jhall be charged an additional fiamp duty of two Jbillings and three-pence :■ and whereas doubts have arifen whether transfers or affignments of the flocks, or of any Jbare or part of the capital flocks, in the books of the governor and company of the bank ^England, commonly called Bank Stock, and of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery, are not made fubjeft or liable to pay the /aid additional Jlamp duty, it is hereby enadted and declared, That no transfer or alignment of the faid (locks, or which is not of any part or (hare therein refpedlively, in the refpedtive books to extend of the faid companies, are or (hall be liable to any higher or greater (lamp, or other duties, than were payable for any tranf- sea Stock,U fer or afligment of any (hare or part in or of the faid (locks before the paffing the faid aft, or (hall be deemed or conftrued fo to be or to have been, any thing in the faid adl to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be fued, molefted, or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this a<3, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial General ilTue. matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him or Treble cofts. them againfl fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An a ft to explain and amend an aft, paffed in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, to prevent frauds and abufes in the admeafurement of coals, fold by wharf mcafure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehoufe Hole, in the county of Middlefex.

WHEREAS an aft was paffed in the feventh year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent majefly King George the Third, to 7 Geo. 3, c. prevent frauds and abufes in the admeafurement of coals, fold *3. by wharf meafure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehoufe Hole, in the county of Middlefex; which aft was to continue in force for fourteen years: and whereas the term of the faid aft was9 by an aft paffed in the feventeenth year of the reign of his faid prefent Ma- 17 Geo. 3. jejly, continued until the firfl day of June, which will be in the year c. 13. of our Lord one thoufand f even hundred and ninety-eighty and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament: and whereas the faid aft of the feventh year of the reign of his faid prefent Majefly hath been ufeftU and, produftive of much benefit to the public but might be rendered flill more fo, if the fame was explained and amended, and fome further provifms made for preventing inconveniences, which

were

Hosted by Google

816	Anno vicpfimo fexto Georgii IIL c* $p [j 78^

were not forefeet^ nor Sufficiently provided again/i by the fetid former aft\ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted, and bexit en^fted by'the King’s moll: exeunt majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fyiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament affembied* and by the *Geo- 3-c* *3> authority of the fame, xhat the faid recited aft of the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majeftjr and cohtinued by the lubfequent aft of the feventeenth year of the rejgn of hi§ faid prefent Majefty, and all the powers, penalties, forfeitures, remedies, provifions, rules, orders, directions, claufes, matters* and things, given, granted, ordered, appointed, prefcribedj, mr except where ferted, and contained therein, (other than and fo far as tbs by fttne, or any of them, are refpeftively varied, altered, ex-1 a ’ plained, rendered unneceffary, or Qtherwife provided for, bv* to continue this prefent aft) (hall be exercifed, praftifed, ufed, enforced^ in force* and put in execution, during the continuance, and for the pur-poles of this prefent aft, in as full, extenfive, arid beneggial, manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the (aid powers, penalties, forfeitures, remedies, provifions, rules, orders, directions, claufes, matters, and things were particularly expreffed and again enacted in the body of this prefent act; and alfo, that this aft (hall take effect, continue, and be in force, from the twenty-fourth day of July9 one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, until the faid firft day of June, which will be in the. year of our Lord one thoufapd feven hundred and.ninety-eight (being the remainder now to come and unexpired of the term - granted by the faid recited aft of the feventeenth year of the reign irf his prefent Majefty) and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

For appoint- That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the principal land ine coal-Ur"	coal-meters, within the limits of this aft, or any one of them,

meters.	and they, or any one of them, are and is hereby authorifed,

directed, and required to appoint, from time to time, a fuL ficient number of perfons to be labouring coal-meters, within the faid limits ; one or more of which faid labouring coal-ipeters (hall attend every day (Sundays excepted) at fuch of the coal wharfs, warehoufes, or other places of fale, within the limits aforefaid, at which he or they (hall be ftationed by th$ principal land coaLmeters, or any one of them, during th^ continuance of this aft, at fuch times as is required by the wharfinger, or dealer in coals, where fuch meter or meters or are ftationed, to meafure out, or fee meafured, the cpals which (hall, from time to time, be fold at any of the wharfs* warehoufes, or places, where fuch labouring coal-meters (haft be fo ftationed as aforefaid.

III.	And whereas, by the faid aft paffedinth£ feventh year of his prefent Majejly, it is enafted', That no perfon /hall be capable of efting as one of the labouring coal-meters to be appointed under the faid aft, until hr /hall take an oath, that he will truly and impartially meafure all coals, between buyer and feller, without favour or

hatred;

Hosted by Google

178,6.3,. Anno vicefimo fpxto Geo^gii 4II. c. 83*	811,

hatred: and whereas it 'bqwbeenfound very difficult to comply there-with I be it therefore erra&£dfby thfc Authority sfl&rSfeid, TjVajl^orm of lathe form of the oathrequired'by the faid a<!t';to be taken fhW‘boutr,n£ be, and the fame is hereby repealed1 and W perfon appointed^ or to be appointed, under the authority of this and the feid a£V'

(hall be capable of idling ak one of the labOuring coal-melefs. until he Ihall, before one or moreof his Majfefly’s jujticcsor the peace for the faid city of JLondon (wfrOis and are hereby aq-thorifed and required'to adrninifter the feme'gratis), takei'and: *

•fubfcribe an oath, or affirmation,' in the words, or to the effedb , following 5 to wit *:	'	.......

IA.Bi- do/wear, [or, being of the people trailed Quakers’,db- j»jew oath, folemnly affirm], 'that I will duly andfaithfully, to thek hffof my Jkill and knowledge, execute the office pf one of the labouring copU metbrs for the city bfljdti&6ki, dnd the fevefdl wharfs fttuqte between ike tower ^London and Limehoufe HoleJ, iri the county of Middlefex; and'' that I tuill truly and impartially meafure, or fee meafured, all coals, between buyer and feller, without favour or hatred.	So help me GOD.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority afprefaid,

That upon notice in writing, or otherwise, being given to any Penalty on of the labouring coal-meters appointed and qualified, or to be principals appointed and qualified, by virtue of this and the faid recited neglecting to^ adt of the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or c*ai- °ur" left at the principal land coal-meter’s office, for a labouring meter, and coal-meter or meters to attend at any wharf, warehoufe, or on labouring place within the limits of this adt, to be named in fuch notice, not^attenffin in order to meafure, or fee meafured, the coals of the perfon on notice. * ^ giving the notice, fuch labouring coal-meter or meters (hall attend, purfuant to fuch notice, within the fpace of one hour from the time pf giving the fame, or fooner if poffible, and do his or their duty according to the intent and meaning of this and the faid recited adi ; and in cafe of neglefl: or refufal to attend accordingly, fuch labouring coal-meter or meters (hall, -for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings each: and the principal land coal-meters or coal-meter, negledting to fend fuch labouring coal-meter or meters as aforefaid, fhafl, for every fiich offence, forfeit and pay the like fum of twenty (hillings.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any cart or "carts loaded, or in which any quantity of Penalty on coals, exceeding feventeen bufhels, (hall be fent or driven, vendor, for from any wharf, warehoufe, or place fimate within the limits ^meafmed of this adl, without having been meafured under tlie ihfpedtion 0r without a of the faid principal land coal-meters, or coal-meter, or of fuch ticket, labouring coal-meter, or without having firft obtained fuch ticket as aforefaid, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the vendor of the faid coals, being convicted thereof by the oaths (or, being,of the people called Quakers, by affirmation) of two

or

/

Hosted by Google

8l2

Anno vicefimb fcxto Georgii Hi. c. S3. [178&

or moire witnefles, before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid city of London, or the county of Mid-dlefex, (hall,, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.

£acr 8\*a1 t0 VL t And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, mailed, °f That, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of July, one which (hall thoufand feyen hundred and eighty-fix, no facks to be made not be full 4 ufe of for the carriage of coals, within the limits of this alt, feet 4 inches which (hall not be full four feet four inches in length, and full in^ea^broad. twenty-fix inches in breadth, after they are made, (hall be fealed or marked, at any office or offices, or by any officer or officers appointed or to be appointed for the purpofe of fealing and marking fuch facks, by any law now in being refpelting the fame.

VII.	And it is hereby further enalled by the authority afore-

^fTeka*	That any wharfinger or carrier of coals (hall, at any

0 ac 8* time or rimes hereafter, during the continuance of this alt,

make ufe of any fack or facks for the carrying of coals, within the limits of this alt, of lefsdimenfions than four feet in length, and two feet in breadth; or (hall wilfully make, or procure to be made or ufed, any falfe bufhel or other meafure, and be convilted thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called Quakers, by affirmation,) of two or more credible witnefles, before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid city of London, or the faid county of Middlefex, he (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of five pounds.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enalted by the authority afore^ SSnn°me- faid’ That if any labouring coal-meter, appointed and quality ddiver- * fiec*» or to -appointed and qualified, purfuant to this and the ing falfe faid recited all of the feventh year of the reign of his prefent ticketsi Majefty, (hall, at any time or times hereafter, during the continuance of this all, deliver a falfe or counterfeit ticket to any dealer, confumer, carman, or other perfon, with intent to pre-

or receiving judice or defraud any perfon or perfons whomfoever; or (hall anyt?thCbe- ta^e or rccc*ve fr°m any dealer m coals any fom or fums of Ides 4 <i. per nioney, fee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever, over and befides chaldron; the four-pence per chaldron, by the faid recited all of the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty enalted and allowed or making ^ t0 taken for the metage charge 5 or if any fuch labouring coal-or deHvering5 meter* Aall wilfully make, permit or fuffer to be made, falfe any ticket for meafure of coals, or (hall deliver a ticket for any quantity of coals he did coals, the whole of which he (hall not have feen meafured, at not fee mea- any place or places within the faid limits, and (hall be, in any ured*	or either of the faid cafes, convilted thereof by the oaths (or,

being of the people called Quakerj, by affirmation) of two or / more credible witnefles, before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid city of London, or the faid county of Middlefex, he (hall be rendered incapable of ever ferving thereafter in the office of a land coal-meter; and the principal land coal-meters or coal-meter for the time being (hall, for every fuch offence of fuch labouring coal-meters, lo u	convilted

Hosted by

Google

ty8Anno Vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 83.	813

convi&ed as aforefaid, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if the driver of any carter carriage with Penalty on coals'loaded therein, from any wharf, warehoufe, or place, within the limits ^of this a<51, or any perfon belonging thereto tj,fg to 4 of employed therewith, (hall take or deliver, or fuffer to be be taken out taken or delivered, from fuch cart or carriage, any coals un- of his cart, der his care, other wife than to or for the ufe of the owner or owners, purchafer or purchafers thereof, and (hall be thereof * cohvidled, every foch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings ; and in cafe of nonpayment thereof, every fuch offender (hall and may be Committed, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of the juftice or juftices before whom fuch convi&ion (hall be had* to1 the common gaol of and for the city of London, or the county oif Middlefex, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar months* nor lefs than one calendar month, unlefs the faid penalty or forfeiture be fooner paid and fatisfied.

- X, Provided alfo, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon (hall be diffatisfied with, or think Perfons difla* himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by or in the meafure of any coals have coalTre-fold to him or her by wharf meafure, within the limits afore- meafured faid, and (hall, upon delivery to him or her of the meter’s ticket accompanying fuch coals, fignify his or her defire to have driver to con-the fame re-meafured, then, and in every fuch cafe, the carman, or	^art

driver of the cart or other carriage in which the faid coals .(hall tillre-meafur-be brought, (hall continue at the houfe or lodging of the pur- cd, under pe-chafer of the faid coals, with the faid coals, and the faid cart or nalty of5l. on carriage, until they are re-meafured, under the penalty of five ao^on pounds on the owner or proprietor, and twenty (hillings on the the driver, driver of thefaidcart or carriage; and the faid purchafer (hall im- Purchafer to mediately, fend, or caufe to be fent, to the vendor of the faid fend notice in coals, or to his or her wharf, warehoufe, or place, notice in ^dor and writing that the (aid coals are going to be re-meafured, and alfo meter# fend notice thereof to the land coal-meter’s office; and thereupon a principal meter, or one of the labouring meters, (not being the meter under whofe infpeftion the faid coals were originally meafured), (hall, within the fpace of two hours next after fuch notice in writing left at the land coal-meter’s office aforefaid, attend to re-meafure the faid coals, and (hall accordingly re-meafure theTame, fack by fack, in the prefence of the vendor and purchafer of the faid coals, or their agents or fer^ yants, if any of them (hall attend, and defire to fee the fame re-meafured, and alfo in the prefence of one of the principal or labouring land coal-meters of or for the city and liberty of Wejlminjler, or of or for that part of the county of Surrey lying between Putney and Roiherbithe, if fuch purchafer (hall think proper to require the attendance of fach laft-mentioned coal- , meter; who (hall, and is hereby dire<5fced and required to attend accordingly within the fpace of two hours after notice in writing left at fuch Jaft-jnentioned coal-meter’s office $ and in cate Vol. XXXV,	Hh	h	fuch

Hosted by Google

814	Anno vicelimo fexto Georgii HI. c.84. [1786.

fucb laft-mentioned coal-meters or coal-meter (hall negleA or

v	r^fufe to attend purfuant to fuch notice, he or they (hall, for

Purchasers to every fuch offence, forfeit and,pay the fum of five pounds: for

pay 6d. per which re-meafprement the purchafer (hall pay the principal chaldron for ,	,	'	r	.	,	A	,	r	J	. r , , r

rc-meafuring. coal-meters or coal-meter, appointed or to be appointed by or

in purfuance of the faid recited a& of the feyenth year of the

reign of his prefent Majefty, and alfo fuch other land coal-

meter from the city and liberty of Weftminjler, or fro *1 that

part of the county of Surrey afprefaid, as (hall attend fuch re-

meafurement, the fum of fix-pence each, for every chaldron of

And if, on re- coa]s fQ re-meafured; and in cafe the coals thus re-meafured

coalsUproven^ not amount to the quantity for which they were fold, then

deficient, the the vendor of fuch coals (hall forfeit and pay, for every bufhel

vendor to pay of coals found deficient, the fum of five pounds, and alfo forfeit

5*-fr>r every every chaldron of coals fo found deficient or wanting in mear

forfeit the ^ure* t0 anc* ^or u^e	P9or	Par^	Yvhere;the- faid

coats, &c. coals ttiall he fo re-meafured; and.the labouring meter, ond$r whofe infpe#ion the coals were firft meafured, (hall, for every bufhel fo deficient, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, which fum, if not paid vvithin five days next after conviction, (hall and may be recovered from the perfons or perfon execute Otters who the office of principal land coal-meter for the time being: meafured to a°d the coal porters, who (hal} meafure the fame for the yen-, forfeit as. 6d. dor thereof, (hall, for every bufhel of poals fo wanting, forfeit a bufhel. and pay the fum of two (hillings and fixpence/

.	.	XI. And be it further enaCted and declared by the authority

^feitlTres to a£oreCa^> That the feveral penalties and forfeitures imppfed be recovered and to be incurred by virtue of and under this foall and applied, covered and applied in fuch and the fame manner as the penaf-as directed by ties and forfeitures, infliCled and dire&ed to he levied by the 7Geq. 3.c.a3. fa'lcj recjte(| a6t 0f the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, are thereby ordered, dire&ed, and appointed to fie levied, recovered, and applied, refpeClively.

XII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Publick aft. That this aCt (hall be deemed, judged, and taken to be a puh-lick aCl; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomsoever, without fpe-cially pleading the fame.

C A P. LXXXIV.

Jfn aft to empower the archbijhop of Canterbury, or the archbijhop of York, for the time being, to confecrate to the office of a bijhop, perfons being fubjefts or citizens of countries out of his Majejif s dominions. %

Preamble, TTTHEREAS, by the lows of^ this realm, .no perfon con be V V confecrated to the office of a bijhop without the King’s licence for his election to that office, and the royal in and ate under the great feol for his confirmation .and confecration: and whereas every perfon t	who /ball be confecrated to the faid office is required1 to take the oaths

of allegiance and fupremacy, and alfo the oath of due obedience to the,

archbiffiop :

Hosted by Google

i 78 6.]	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 84."	8	i$

archbi/hop; and whereas there are divers perfons, fubjefts or citizens of countries out of his Majeftfs dominions, and inhabiting and refid~ ing within the Jaid countries, who profefs the publick worjhip of Jlmighty God, according to the principles of the church 0/England, land who, in order to provide a regular fuccefp.on of minijlers for the fervice of their churchy are defirous of having certain of the fubjecls or citizens of thofe countries confe crated bi/hops, according to the form of confecration in the church of England: be it ena&ed by the The archbf-King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con- fhop of Can-lent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this terbury or prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, ^er That, from and after the palling of this adt, it (ball and may (hops as-they be lawful to and for the archbi(hop of Canterbury, or the arch- fball think fit bilhop of York, for the time being, together with fuch other t0 maX hiffiops as they (hall call to their alliftance, to confecrate per- fubie^Tof fo-fons, being fubjedts or citizens of countries out of his Majefty’s reignftates bi-dominions, bilhops, for tjie purpofes aforefaid, without the fhops,without King5s licence for their, eledlion, or the royal mandate, under the king’s lithe great feal, for their Confirmation and confecration, and efedfonorre-without requiring them to take the oaths of allegiance and quiring them fupremacy, and the oath of due obedience to the archbilhop for to take the the time being.	ufual oaths;

II.	Provided always. That no perfons (hall be confecrated but not with* bilhops in the manner herein provided, until the archbilhop of out firft ob-Canterbury, or the archbilhop of York, for the time being, (hall

have firft applied for and obtained his Majefty’s licence, by royai licence warrant under his royal fignet and fign manual, authorifing for perform-and empowering hirtv to perform fuch confecration, and ex- lug the confe-prefling the name or names of the perfons fo to be confecrated, cration> nor until the fajd archbilhop has been fully afcertained of their fufiiciency in good learning* of the foundnefs of their faith, and pf the purity of their manners.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it hereby declared, That no perfon }\r0 perfons fo or perfons confecrated to the office of a bilhop in the manner confecrated, afprefaid, nor any perfon or perfons deriving their confecration thereby from or under any bilhop fo confecrated, nor any perfon or |^fe\hefrof-perfons admitted to the order of deacon or prieft by any bilhop £ces jn his

or bilhopsfo confecrated, or by the fuccelfor or fucceffors of any Majefty’s do-bilhop or bifhops fo confecrated, (hall be thereby enabled to ex- minions, ercife his or their refpe£tive office or offices within his Majefty’s dominions.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enadlea, That a cer- Certificate of tificate of fuch confecration lhaU be given under the hand and ^be^venbr feal of the archbilhop who confecrates, containing the name of tbe aj-chbU * the perfon fo confecrated, with the addition, as well of the {hop, &c. country whereof he is a fubjedt or citizen, as of the church in

which he is appointed bilhop, and tlie further defcription of his not having taken the faid oaths, being exempted from the obli* gatron of fo doing by virtue of this adt.

Hhhs	GAP.

Hosted by Google

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 85. [1786. CAP. LXXXV.

An aft to revive, continue, and amend fo much of an aft, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An 'aft for allowing a bounty on the exportation of Britifh made cordage, and for difcontinuing the drawbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported, as relates to allowing a bounty on the exportation of Britifh made cordage.

Wr HERE AS the law herein-after mentioned, which hath, by experience, been found ufeful and beneficial, is expired, and it is expedient that fo much thereof as relates to allowing a bounty on the exportation of Britifh made cordage, be revived and continued\ fubjeft to the alterations and amendments herein made; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and-commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the au-6Geo. 3'C.45> thority of the fame, That an aft made in the fixth year of the fate^tcTgrant- re*§n of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for allowing a' ing a bounty bounty on the exportation 0/Britifh made cordage, and for difcontinu~ on exporta- ing the drawbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported, which was to tionof Bntilh fce \n force from tfoe fay 0f July, one thoufand feven htmv

to\e revived^ ^rec^ anc*	during	the term of five years, and from,

andcontinued thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and for four years: which, by another aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was amended and further continued for the term of three years; and which, by another aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued for the term of three years, and from thence to the: end of the next feflion of parliament ; and which, by another aft, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued for the term of four years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; fo far as the fame relates to allowing a bounty upon the expor-; tation of Britifh made cordage, (hail, from and after the pafling of this aft, be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and (hall continue in full force and effect for the further term of four years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, fubjeft to the feveral amendments, alterations, regulations, and reftriftions, hereinafter provided and exprefled.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the N but no bounty authority aforefaid, That no bounty (hail be allowed or paid, to 1 ordA^made any Pcr^on or P^fcns whatever, by virtue of this aft, upon the fron^Ameri-6 exportation of cordage wrought up and manufaftured in Great can hemp,nor Britain from hemp of the growth of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, or of the united ftates of America, nor for any cordage whatever which (hall be exported, unlefs the quantity thereof (hall be three tons weight at the leaft.	j

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* That, upon the entry of fuch cordage for exportation, in order to obtain the bounty, the exporter thereof (hall make oath that

the

tor any whatever under 3 tons weight.

Owner to make oath



Preamble *



Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vlcefimo fexto GeoRGII III. c. 85.

the fame is really and truly intended to be exported as mer- that the cord-chandize, and not for the uferof the fhip during her then voy- ?§e is really age, or any future voyage; and the matter, or other perfon hav- exportation^ ing or taking the charge or command of the fhip or veflel in or and the maf-on board of which fuch cordage (hall be intended to be exported, ter of the fhall join in the bond required to be given for the due exporta-	m

tion of fuch cordage, or, on failure thereof, no bounty (hall be beg^n on allowed or. paid on. the exportation thereof.	the occafion.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That nothing in this adi, or any other adt or acts of parliament Bounty on contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to difallow q^c o rela*\o the bounty on the due exportation of fuch cordage to any foreign foreign places port or place whatever, except the Ijle of Man, but that the to be conti-iame (hall be, and is hereby directed and required to be paid on nued. fuch exportation, other than to the lfle of Man.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That veffels have ' every (hip or veflel, on board of which any cordage (hall be a,[a^k ~

(hipped for exportation, in order to obtain the bounty herein- of cordage ^ before granted, fhall, and is hereby required to have on board for their ufe, (over and above the quantity entered for exportation) a fufli- over the cient quantity of cordage for the ufe of fuch (hip or veflel, ac- ^0ura”x tor^-Pt cording to the nature of the voyage, for which no bounty (hall tron^the^ffi-be allowed ; and fuch (hip or veflel, before clearing at any port cers’to detain of this kingdom, (hall be vifited by the proper officer or officers them, of the cuftoms at fuch port, who (hall not permit or fuffer her to fet fail on her voyage, if it fhall appear that there is not on board a fufficient quantity of cordage for the ufe of fuch (hip or veflel, independent of, and befides the quantity entered for the bounty; and fuch officer or officers (hall be, and is and are hereby authorifed and required to detain fuch (hip or veflel, and to prevent her from failing upon her intended voyage, until there (hall be provided a fufficient quantity of cordage for the ufe of fuch (hip or veflel, according to the nature of the voyage on which fuch (hip or veflel (hall be intended to proceed, befides the cordage entered as aforefaid for exportation, in order to obtain the bounty.

VI.	And, in order to prevent any inconvenience which may arife by encouraging the exportation oj cordage, be it further ena6ted by the authority aforefaid. That no entry (hall be permitted to pals for Nocordageto the exportation of any fuch cordage, or the veflel having on wlthouTacer-board fuch cordage be permitted to go out of port, unlefs a cer- tificate that it tificate (hall be produced, under the hands of the commiffioners has been reef his Majefty’s navy, or any three or more of them, flgnifying fofed by the that fuch cordage hath been tendered to them for the ufe of his n&vy board, Majefty’s dock yards, at the fair and then market price of fuch

cordage in London, and that the fame hath been refufed by that

board; and if any perfon or perfons (hall pafs any entry for Perfons pa(T-

fuch cordage, without having fuch certificate produced to him

or them, fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of certificate! to,

pne hundred pqunds,	forfeit ioal*

H h h 3

CAP,

Hosted by Google

§1$ Annovicefimo fexto deoRGli 111. c. 86. {1785;

CAP. LXXXVI.

An nft to explain and amend an aft,. made in the fevenih year of bit late Majefty9 s reign, intituled* An a&.to fettle how far owners of (hips (hall be anfwerable for the a&s of the. matters or mariners; and for giving a further relief to the owners of {hips.

^r®am^Je# WHEREAS, by an a ft made in thefevehth year of therein ^citcd' ' °f ^te "Wf* George the Second9 intituled, fyp ’ a& to fettle how far owners of (hips (hall be anfwerable for the acts of the matters or mariners,'// is amongft other things shafted, *That no owner or owners of any {hip or vejfel Jhould be liable to ah-Jwer for or male good to any perjonor per Jons, any lofs or damage by reafon of any embezzlement, fecreting, or making away with {by the mafer or mariners, or any of them) of any gold, fiver, diamonds„ jewels, precious fones9 or other goods or merchandize, which Jhould be {hipped on board any {hip or vejfel, or for any aft, matter, or ihihg, damage or forfeiture, done, occafmed, or incurred by the faid niafter or mariners, or any of them, without the privity and knowledge of fuch owner or owners, further than the value of the Jhip or vejfel, with all her appurtenances, and the full amount of the freight due or to grow due for and during the voyage wherein Juch embezzlement, fecreting, or making away with, or other malverfation of the maf er or mariners, Jhould be made, committed, or done: and whereas’ dll mafer s or captains, and owners of{hips or vejfels, are by law reflectively fubjeft or liable to anfwer far or make good to any perfon qr perfects, the full value and amount of any goods or merchandize by fuch perfon or perfons fhipped or put on board any Jhip or vejfel, ndt-withfanding fuch goods or merchandize be lof by robbery, fire, or other accident (other than by the King's enemies, the perils of the feas, or the aft of God), or unlefs the mafer or feme of the jhip9s company are privy to fuch robbery, in which cafe alone the refponfbility of the owners is by the faid aft limited to. the value of the Jhip dftd full amount of the freight: and whereas it is of the utmofi confluence and importance to the general welfare of this kingdom, to promote the increafe of the number of Jhips and vejfels, and to prevent any di[~ cowrdgement to merchants 'and others from being interefed and concerned therein, which is likely to happen from the refponfibilily to which they are now expofed, notwithfianding the falutary intention of the faid aft: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the Kjng*s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conferit of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled. Owners of and by the authority of the fame. That no perfon or perfons* .fhips not lia- wh0 ;s> are? or be owner or owners of any (hip or veffel, lofs of goods	he	fubjectt	or	liable	to anfwer for or make good, to any

(hipped with- one or more perfon or perfons, any lofs or damage by reafon of out theirpri- any robbery, embezzlement, fecreting, or making away with, vity, further 0f any gold, filver, diamonds, jewels, precious (tones, or other •f\hehveffe)Ue £00(ls or merchandize, which, from and after the firft day of 9 September, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-fix, (hall he

(hipped.

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anrio vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 86.	8(9

fhipped, taken in, or put on board any (hip or veflel, or for and the any aft, matter, or thing, damage or forfeiture, done, occa** fioned, or incurredj from and after the pafling of this aft, with* ept'1317 * out the privity and knowledge of fuch owner or owners, further than the value of the (hip or veflel, with all her appurtenances, and the full amount of the freight due or to grow due for and during the voyage wherein fuch robbery, embezzlement, fecreting, or making away with, as aforefaid, (hall be made, committed, or done, although the mafter or mariners (hall not be in any wife concerned in or privy to fuch robbery, embezzlement, fecreting, or making away with ; any law, iifage, of cUftoin, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwith-ftanding.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That no owrier or owners of any (hip or veflel (hall be fubjeft nor for any pr liable to anfwer for or make good, to any one or more per- occafion-ton or perfons, any lofs or damage which may happen to any £oarj; re on good* or merchandize whatfoever, which, from and after the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, (hall be (hipped, taken in, or put on board any fitch (hip or veflel, by reafon or means of any fire happening to or on board the faid (hip or veflel.

III.	And whereas difputes may arife, whether the owners or mafter s of Jhips are liable to anfwer or make good the value or amount of any gold, filver y diamonds, watches jewels, or precious Jlonesy which may be loji after the fame have been put on board their flips on freight, without the flippers thereof declaring at the time the value of fuch goods, be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That no mafter, owner or owners, of any (hip or veflel, (hall nor for lofs be fubjeft or liable to anfwer for, or make good, to any one or °f &old* etc. more perfon or perfons, any lofs or damage which may happen to any gold, filver, diamonds, watches, jewels, or precious ping decla-ftones, which, from and after the paffing of this aft, (hall be ration be fhipped, taken in, or put oh board any fuch (hip or veflel, by made of the reafon or means of any robbery, embezzlement, making away vatue> ctc# with, or fecreting thereof, unlefs the owner or (hipper thereof (hall, at the time of (hipping the fame, infert in his bill of lading, or otherwife declare in writing to the mafter, owner or owners, of fuch (hip or veflel, the true nature, quality, and value of fuch gold, filver, diamonds, watches, jewels, or precious (tones.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if feveral freighters or proprietors of any fuch gold, filver. If produce of diamonds, jewels, precious (tones, or other goods or merchan- fkjPjJet-c* dme, fhall fuffer any lofs or damage by any of the means afore- anfwerioffes^ faid, in the fame voyage (fire only excepted), and the value of it is to be *

, the (hip or veflel, with all her appurtenances, and the amount proportional-of the freight due or to grow due during fuch voyage, (hall not ^ be fufficient to make full compenfation to all and every of	e

them, then fuch freighters or proprietors (hall receive their fatisfaftion thereout in average, in proportion to their refpeftive

ft h h 4	Ioffes

820

Freighter^ and owners o? veffels may exhibit bills in equity for difcovery of ’ amount of Ioffes and value of vef-fels, etc.

Aft not to leifen the remedy againfl: mailers and mariners for embezzlement, etc*

Publick a&.

Preamble.

3 Geo. $. c. 1 recited ia part.

Aano vicefimo fcxto Georgii	£178^.

Ioffes or damages : and in every .fuch cafe, itlhall and may be lawful to and for fuch freighters or proprietors, or any of them* on behalf of himfelf and all other fuch freighters or proprietors, of to and for the owners of fuch (hip or veffel, pr any of thetp, on behalf of himfelf and all the other part owners of fuch (hip or veffel, to exhibit a bill in any court of equity for a difcovery of the total ambunt of fuch Ioffes or damages, and alfo of the value of fuch (hip or veffel, appurtenances, and freight, and for an equal diftribution and payment thereof amongft fuqh freighters, or proprietors, in proportion to their refpeclive Ioffes or damages, according to the rules of equity: provided always. That if any fuch bill (hall be exhibited by or on the behalf pf the part owners of fuch (hip, the plaintiff or plaintiffs (ha^ll annex an affidavit to fuch bill 01; bills, that he or they do* not collude with any of the defendants thereto; and (hall thereby offer to pay the value of fuch (hip or veffel, appurtenances, and freight, as fuch court fhall diredf; and fuch court (hall thereupon take fuch method for afcertaining fuch value as to them fhall feem juft, and (hall direct the payment thereof In like manner as is now ufed apd pracftifed in cafes of bills of interpleader.	1

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ena&e^J, That pothing in this , prefer^ a<ft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to impeach, leffen, or difcharge any remedy which any perfon or perfons now hath, or (hall or may hereafter have, againft all, every, or any the matter and mati-pers of fuch (hip or veffel, for or in refpedl of any embezzlement, fecreting, or making away with, any gold, filver, diamonds, jewels, precious ftones, or merchandize, (hipped or loaded on board fuch (hip or veffel, or on account of any fraud, abufe, or rhalverfation of and in fuch mafter and mariners re-fpediively; but that it (hall and may be lawful to apd for every perfon or perfons fo injured or damaged, to purfue and take fuch remedy for the fame, againft the faid mafter and mariners refpe<SUveiy as he or they might have done before the making of this a6h

VI.	And be it further enabled, That this a<5! (hall be a pub*, lick a<51; and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, hy all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without the fame being fpeciajly pleaded,

CAP. LXXXVII.

An at1 for appointing commiffioners to enquire into the Jiate and con-dition of the woods, forejis, and land revenues, belonging to the crown \ and to fell or alienate fee- farm, and other unirnproveable rents.

WHEREAS, under and by virtue of the provijions contained in an a£t of the firfl year of your Mujejlfs reign, intituled, f An a61 for the fuppert of his IVfajefty’s houfhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Gr'^at Britain, the monies

: ' firijirig

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeorgiI III. c. SJ.	821

arifing by rents of lands, and fines for. leafes of the fame, and the ; monies arifing from the fmall branches' and revenues in the faid aft ' mentioned (except the revenue, of the dutchy. of Cornwall) are directed, during your Majefiy s life, to be carried to, and made part of the general or abrogate fund ejiablijbed by. an aft of the firfi year * of the reign of Xing George the Firfi, and-applied as part of the faid fund: and whereas.your Majefiy is feifed:of Jeveral extenfwe forefis, chafes, parks, warrens, mar fees, fens, derelift lands, and wqfleSy fituate in England and' Wales, which are capable, under proper regulations, of hieing improved and rendered more beneficial - to your Majefiy and to the publick: and whereas your Majefiy, from a tender regard and concern for the welfare of your people, hath , been gracioujly pleafed to exprefs your defire, that an enquiry Jhould be ..made into the fiate and condition of the woods, forefis, and land revenues belonging to the crown, in order that the fame may be rendered as .beneficial and productive as pojjible, and hath recommended to your parliament to take this object into, their confederation, and to make Juch provifion thereupon as they Jhould judge to be mofi for the publick .benefit: we, therefore, your Majedy’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, of Great Britain, in parliament afTembled, having taken your Ma-jefty’s mod gracious meflage into our ferious consideration, do mod humby befeech your Majefty that it may be enadt-edj and be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and -temporal, and commpns, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, fir Charles Middleton Commiflicm-baronet, John Call efquire, and Arthur Holdfworth efquire, (hall ersappointed* be, and are hereby condituted commiflioners for examining and enquiring into the date, management, produce, and expenditure of the faid rents of lands, and fines for leafes of the fame, and other monies arifing from the faid fmall branches of revenue . herein-before mentioned; and into the date, produce, management, extent, and value, of all the honours, cadles, lord/hips,

. forefts, chafes, parks, warrens, manors, royalties, feigniories, meffuages, wills, demefne and other lands, tenements, tythes, mines, minerals, collieries, woods, wood grounds, fens, marfli-es, derelidt and wade lands, and fervices, within the furvey of his Majedy’s exchequer, and appertaining and belonging to the crown of Great Britain, fituate apd being in England and Wales* or either of them ; and into all fuch fubfiding leafes, patents, and other grants of the faid honours and premifes refpedtively, as contain any exprefs faving, exception, or refervation to the crown, of any rights or intereds, in pofleffion, feverfion, or contingency 5 and into all and all manner of rights and privileges claimed, exercifed, or enjoyed, within, qv£r, and upon his Majedy’s faid foreds, chafes, parks, warrens, woods, fens, marfhes, and derelict and w.afte lands refpedtively 5 and into all . fuhfifting offices, places, and employments, edablilhed or created for the management of thefaid foreds, chafes, parkis, apd gthef the Jaqded eftat^s, land revenue^ ^nd fipall branches, a- ' v*	'	forefaida

Hosted by Google

lit

who are to snake enquiry r and report to his Majefty and parliament their progref*.

Commiffion-crs to take the oath following*

Eon® of oath.

Coramiffion-ers to meet where they think moft convenient, examine wit-ncffes upon oath, appoint officers, &q.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 87.	[1786.

forefeid* refpefiively, or in anyWife connected therewith, and this annual expence of the fame: and the faid commiffioners (hall, and they are hereby required to take into their confideta-tkm the information which they (hall procure or receivri upon fiich examinations auid enquiries, and within fourteen days after the commencement bf every fefcon of parliament, and from time to time, when and fo often as they conveniently eah or may, (and without any fpecial or other requifition to be made to them fpr that purpofe), certify arid report in Writing, under their hands and feals, unto the King’s majefty and both houfes Of parliament, what progrefs they (hall have made in the execution of the trufts and powers of this aCi, together With fuch ©bfervations as (hall occur to them, arid fugged fuch plans, rules, regulations, means, and methods, for the difpdfal and alienation, or for the future management and improvement of the faid landed eftates and poflfeffioris, and for the protection, increafe, and fupply of timber on the faid forefts, chafes, arid ether lands of the crown, for the ufe of the royal navy, of for redfeffing any abufes in the management of the faid landed ef* fates, and the collection and due anfwering of the revenues of the fame, or other fmall branches of revenues aforefaid, as the faid commiffioners (hall think bell calculated for rendering the faid landed eftates and pofieffionS of the crown, and the revenues arifing therefrom, and other fmall branches aforefaid, moft productive arid advantageous to his Majefty and the publick.

II. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Th&t the faid commiffioners, before they (hall be capable Of a&ing in the execution of this a Cl, (hall feveralty take and fubferibb an oath j before the chancellor of the exchequer, or the chief baron or one of the other barons of the court of exchequer, to the effect following $ (that is to fay):

I A. B. do J:wear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and hoheft ly, according to the bejl of my /kill and judgement, execute the federal powers and trufts repofed in me by an aft of the twenty fixth year of the reign of his majejly King George the Third, intituled. An aCt for appointing commiffioners to enquire into the Rate and condition of the woods, forefts, and land revenues, belonging to the crown; and to fell or alienate fee farm and other urt-improveable rents according to the tenor and purport of the faid a fit.

So help me G 0

Which oath, fo taken and fubferibed, (hall be filed of record in the office of the King's remembrancer of the faid court.

III. And for the better execution of this aft, be it further eriaCtv ed, That the faid commiffioners (hall have power to meet and fit, from time to time, in fuch place or places as they (hall find moft convenient, with or without adjournment; and to fend their precept or precepts, under their hands and feals, for fuch witness as they (hall think neceflary to examine* for the better

Google

Anno vicfefirtfo ftxtb Geo&GII III. c. 87.	823

ter discovery and finding out any of thb matters or things By this aft directed to Be enquired and examined into by them, and io examine fuch witnefles, upon oath, touching and concerning fuch difcovery and difclofure (which oath they are hereby aii-thorifed to admiriifter); and alfo (hall and may appoint arid employ fo many clerks and officers, and allow them, with the cbri-fent and approbation of the lord high treafurer, or the corii-niiffioners of the treafury, for the time being, in writing, under his of their hand or harids, fuch reafonable falaries as the laid commiffioners appointed by this aft (hall think meet; and (hall and may give and adminifter to every of fuch clerks arid officers ’an oath, for his true and faithful demeanor in all things relating to the due performance of the trufts repofed in him by the laid commiffioners, and in all other things touching the premi-fes; and frorri time to time, at their difcfetion, to difmils and difcharge fuch clerks and officers, and appoint others in their jilace: and the faid clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the faid trufts* in them feverally and refpeftively repofed, without taking any thing for fuch fervice, other than fuch falaries as the (aid commiffioners (hall direft and appoint, and fuch fees as they (hall be authorifed to take by virtue of this aft: provided always, that if the faid commiffioners andmaym^ke (hall require the attendance of any perfon or perfons, for the fatisfaftion to purpofe qf procuring any information by .this aft direfted to be fuch expen-1* procured, and fuch perfon or perfons (hall be called for that pur- ce8# p ’ pofe from his or theif ufual place or places of reildence, the faid commiffioners (hall, at their difcretion, make a reafonable fatif-faftion to fuch perfon and perfons for his and their time and ex-perices bn thofe occafions.

IV. And) for tJpe better accomplijhment of the purpofes aforefaid,, be it further enafted. That the faid commiffioners (hall have Commiffion-full power and authority to call before them the feveral furvey- er? may exa" qrs, auditors, and receivers of the faid fevetal revenues, and their th^officerTof deputies, and all other officers and perfons concerned in the the land re-‘management, colleftion, and receipt thereof, and to examine venues, may them upon oath, (which oath the faid commiffioners are hereby infpe<^ authorifed to adminifter,} touching or concerning the faid ef- aaUal tates, pofleffions, arid revenues, and every or any part of the ones to be fame, and the extent, date, and value thereof, or any fees, fa- made, laries, ftipCnds, annuities, or other payments, iffuing out of the lame, or chargeable thereon, or touching <?r concerning any Other matter or thing relating to the premifes aforefaid $ and further, that the faid commiffioners (hall have full power and authority to perufe, inffieft, arid have copies of all and Angular the furveys, maps, plans, rentals, inqutfitioris, terriers, vacations, particulars, counterpart's and entries of leafes, patents, reports, accounts, and other written documents, relating to or ' concerning any of the lands, or pofleffions of the crown, or the rents and profits of the fame, and other fmall branches aforefaid, in the coftody or power of whatever publick officer or of-J fice the fame may be, without payb$flt of any fee of reward for

Hosted by

Google

8 $4

Chancellor, fe* of the exchequer laav order e^fiaraffSons to perfons, to make forveys, ' to exan&ine f if,do limits of fiwrd&s, (See*

I'erfons claiming prt* Ttieges to deliver their claims; to the commifittoa* zx&>

■ Anna yjqprfimo fexto Georctii JIL c,. $7.

fth$<.-Bffidu$iqnj^	;	and	alfo	to	caufe	to	be

jpcude, by7praaicalVand xompeteqt.Jaod furveyors, adiual fuf-. vey maps, pl^n^ and valuations of fuck of thefaid forefts, chafes, parks, andothor lands andpoffettionsof the crown, as the (aid commiffiqners (hall find neceffary and expedient^ and to examine all and every of fuch furveyors upon oath, (which oath the faid cpmmiffioners are hereby impowered to adminif-ter), of and concerning the truth and corre&nefs of their faid refpecSive/urveys, or any matter or thing done or certified by fuch furveyors refpedively, of and Concerning the premifes committed to tfieir charge.

V.	And wherffy.it may be found neceffary by thefaid commiffianerSy in tbfi execution of this aft, and for the better accomplijhment of the ends and purpofes thereof and more particularly for difcovering the extent and limits of his MajeJly’s forejls and chafes, and other lands9 that cmmijfions of enquiry Jbould be awarded for thofe purpofes,; be it therefore further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the chancellor and barons of the exchequer for the time being, and the faid chancellor and barons are hereby authorifed and required, from time to time, upon motion to them made by the faid commiflioners for that purpofe, to order and dire<& one or mare'’commi(Eon or commiffions to be awarded and if-fued, under the fealpf the exchequer, directed unto fuch able and experienced perfons as the faid court (hall nominate for that purpofe, for authoring and impowering the perfons to be fo named, or fo many of them as the faid chancellor and barons (hall think fit, to make furveys and perambulations, and to call before them, and examine upon oath, any witnefs or witnefies, and to enquire into, examine, try, di (cover, and ascertain, by verdict and inqueft, on the oaths of lawful men, to be duly im-pannelled by the proper (lieriff, according to the tenor and effect of fuch refpedive commiffions, the feveral limits, boundaries, extent, and values of.the forefts, chafes, or other lands, to which fuch commiffions fhall refpedtively relate, and all fuch other matters and particulars which in and by fuch commiffions (hall be refpe$ively dire&ed to be enquired of or examined into.

VI.	Andy to the end that the future improvements to be made in the land revenue of the crown may be effected without prejudice or vex-ation. to the fubjett claiming rights, privilegej, or eafementsy iq% through, or aver any of his Majejlfs faid foreJlsy chafes y parks, war* renSy mar/bes> fens, derelict landsy and wajles; be it further enacted, That all perfons (hall be at liberty to deliver their refpe&ive: claims of rights, privileges, or eafements, in, through, or over any of his Majefty’s faid forefts, chafes, parks, warrens, marfti-es, fens, derefidl lands, and waftes, to the faid commiflioners of the land revenue, who (hall gaufe the fame to be entered arid preferved among their proceedings, or may appear before the commiflioners to be named in any fuch commiffion as aforefaid, to be iflued by the faid gourt of exchequer, during their fitting upon fuch commiffion, and make their refpective claims before fuch commiflioners* who (hall receive the fame, and tnakg a rf~

*	”• -	• •	turn

‘Hosted by Google

1786.] ' Anno vicefimo fexto GeorgiiIII.c. 87.-	8igr

turn thereof in their general return to the faid commiffioners appointed by this ad.. ..	?	J

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That every 'Commilfiaa-perfon to be named in fuch commifiiori asaforefaid, fhall^ be- f18 appointed fore he proceeds to ad in the execution-thereof take and fub-fcribe an oath, before any other two of the perfons named in exchequer" to the fame commiflion, faithfully ’ to execute the fame, and the take an oath trufts thereof, without favour or affedioh, and according to the tofaithfuljy^ beft of his fkill and judgement 3 which oath the perfons fo named, and every two of them, are hereby authorifed and im-~ * powered to adminrfter to each other refpedively.

Vni. And be it further enaded, That the lord high-treasurer, Treafury to or the commiffioners of the treafury, ‘for the tirfte being, and they are hereby authorifed and required to iflue to thefaid ^rs.money to commiffioners appointed by this ad, by Way of impreft, and"pay balances* upon account, out of any of the public monies remaining in his and take fur* Majefty’s exchequer, any fum or fums, not exceeding in theV€y8* ^ whole the fum of two thoufand pounds in any one year, tbbe	. ,

by them employed in the payment of the aforefaid falaries of ther	*.

clerks and officers by them employed in the execution of this ad ; and4 (hall alfo, from time to time, iflue to the faid com-miflioners appointed by this ad, out of the monies'-aforfefaidil fuch further fums as (hall be neceflary to defray theexpencesof taking any furveys or valuations, or iffuing and executing com-, millions of furveys and enquiry, and other contingent and ac-> tual charges, which (hall be by them neceffarily incurred in the carrying the purpofes of this ad, and the enquiries thereby di-rede^ into execution.	••	•• •

IX.	And be it further enaded, That, during the continuance No timber m

of this* ad, no fale (hall be made of any of his Majefty’s timber thj: fa]5* fo* or wood, within or upon any of his Majefty’s Forefts, chafes, ^	.

parks, or other grounds whatsoever, by any of his Majefty’s out a warrant furveyors or keepers, or by any other perfons intruded with the of the trea-care thereof, unlefs by fperial warrant to be i filled for that pur- fury.

pofe by the lord high treafurer, dr the commiffioners of the trea-fury, for the time being, upon requifition to them made by the faid* commiffioners appointed by this ad.

X.	And whereas,. by virtue of an aft pajfed in the twenty-feconi

year of the reign of his late majejiy King Charles the Second, intitu- %% Car. 2. ledy An ad for advancing the fale of fee farm rents and other c. 6; and rents, and of an aft faffed in the twenty fecond and twenty-third	Car.*,

years of the reign of the fame King, intituled^ An ad for vefting	rem

certain fee farm rents, and other fmall rents, in truftees, all fee	1

farm rentSy rents fervicey rents feck or dry rentSy chauntry rentSy guild rentsy cajlle guard rents > and other fervicesy within the furvey of the exchequer (except as therein excepted) were vejled in certain truftees in the faid laft-mentioned aft named, and their heirs, in order to be by themfoldy conveyedy and difpofed ofy according to the direftions and inflruftions of the fame aftSy or one of them 5 with a prcvifo in the faid loft-mentioned aft containedy that until fale Jhould be made of the faid rents, the receiver or receivers general Jhould and might receive,

• : •	colleft}

Hosted by C Dgle

ii6	Anao vid$mp fejttoGegrgji JU.Ct$p [17$^

and gather the faryte: and whereas, under and by virtue of the faid two recited a bis, the greater part of the large rents within the jurvey of the cnurt of exchequer were fold by the faid truftees, and the refidue thereof, now remaining in charge at the exchequer, confijl chiefly of very [mail rents, the colleftion and payment whereof is a great arid conflant charge to the crown, and troublefome and vexatious to the fubjeft^ and it is therefore expedient that the fame Jhould be and fuch parts fad: be it therefore further enacted. That the faid two feverai a* relate to recited a6ts of the twenty-fecond and twenty-fecond and twenty-rents within third years of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Se-th6 furIey °*\ cond, and the le.tters patent in the faid ads mentioned, fo far vefted^fruf- as ^ame a&s or letters patent relate to or concern any fee tees, and not farm or other rents within the furvey of the exchequer, by or by them fold, under and by virtue of the fame ads veiled in the faicjj truftees, to^e repeal- atl(j not by them fold or difpofed of, or the appropriation of the the money to arife by fale thereof, (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed and vacated.

XI.	And be it further enaded. That all the faid fee farm and other rents, within the furvey of the exchequer, by or under or by virtue of the faid two feverai recited ads, or either of them, veiled in the faid truftees, and not by them fold or difpofed of, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be in the adual feiziri and pofleffion of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as the fame would or could have .been if the faid ads and the faid letter s patent, or any of them, had not been made.

XII.	And be it further enaded, Tfeat ft ihaft ?>nd may fee er8 may agree lawful to and for the faid commiffioners appointed fey this ad rSt^uh °f tO'Contrad and agree with any perfon or perfons, or any bodies baft prices6 politick or corporate, for the fale of any fee farm rents, rents they^can pro- fervices, rents feck, quit rents, chauntry rents, guild rents, caftle cure, not be- guprd rents, vifcontiel rents, and other dry, fixed, and unim-mg under, the proveable rents, due and payable to his Majefty, his heirs or ing^8viz.°W* fucceffors, within,the furyey hnd receipt of his Majefty’s exche-

*	*	quer, at or for the bed prices or confiderations, in money, which

the faid commiflioners (hall be able to procure for the fame, not being lefs, for any rent amounting to or exceeding one ifeilling per annum, than after the feverai rates of purchafe following; (that is to fay).

cd.

and the faid rents to be vefted in his Majefty.

Commiflion-

For rents of 108. per anh. and upwards, years purchafe of the net amount. From 5 8. to 108. per ann. az years purchafe.

From is. and under 5s. zp years pur? chafe.

For any rent amounting to fen (hillings per annum, or upwards, not lefs than twenty-four years purchafe of the net a-mount thereof, after deducing the land,tax chargeable thereon: For any rent amounting to five (hillings per annum, and being under ten (hillings 'per annum, not lefs than twenty-two years purchafe of the grofs amount thereof:

And for any rent amounting to' one (hilling per annum, and being under five (hillings per annum, not lefs than twenty years purchafe of the grofs amount thereof.

Xlllr Provided always, and be it further enaded,, That the

immediate

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Geo&gi i TII. c. 87.	8ty

immediate owners of the lands of hereditaments whereout any Owners of tie rents hereby made faleable are ifluing or payable, (hall be pre-	havc

ferred in the purchafe thereof tp all others, fo that fuch owners ence^in pur-(hall refpe<$ively pay and difcharge all arrears of rent due from chafing the them, and tender themfelves in perfon, or By agent, before the rents on cer-faid cpimniffioners hereby appointed to contrail for the pur- *?in COfldi-chafe thereof, before the firft day of January, one thoufand fe- on,# ven hundred and eighty-eight.

'XIV. And, for facilitating the conveyance .of the aforefaid rents to, the refpeflive pur chafers thereof at a ftnall ex pence, and to relieve the faid commijffioners fromthe charge and account of the purchafe monies: be it further enacted, That the governor and directors of ComjnI|&Qti-the bank 6f England fhall, and they are hereby required to open ers *? certify an account in their books with the faid commiflioners hereby the bank5who appointed, under the title of Commijfioners for the Land Revenue, are to receivp and carry to the credit of fuch account the feveral monies by the purchafe this adt directed to be paid to the cafhiers of the bank; andand whefrfoever the faid commiflioners fhall have contracted with any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, for the Talc on the certifi-of any rent or rents, the faid commiflioners (hall grant unto the cates, which purchafer or purchafers thereof a certificate under their hands, b^in? fpecifying the rent or rents fo contracted for, and the amount audTtor of the df the purchafe money to be paid for the fame; and the faid jan(j revenue, cafhiers of the bank, or one of them, (hall, upon the produc- is to give portion of fuch certificate, accept and receive from fuch purchafer ^effiori of A*c or purchafers the purchafe monies therein fpecified, and at the r€nt®* foot of fuch certificate acknowledge the receipt of the faid monies, without fee or reward ; and the faid certificate and receipt (hall be afterwards brought to the office of the auditor of the land revenue, and be by him forthwith enrolled in proper books to be provided and kept for that purpofe, feparate and apart from the other bufinefs and proceedings of his office; and thp faid auditor, having enrolled the faid certificate and receipt as aforefaid, (hall atteft the fame under his hand, and return the faid certificate and receipt to the purchafer or purchafers; and from and immediately after fuch enrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the refpe&ive purchafers of fuch rents, and their heirs or fucceffors, (hall, by force of this a&, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the adfcual feizin and poffeffion of the rents fo by them refpe&ively purchafed, and (hall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and difeharged of and from all clain\s and demands which can or may be made by his Ma-jefty, his heirs or fuccefibrs, or by any perfon or perfons lawfully claiming by, from, or under him or them, or any of his Majefiy’s royal aqceftorsor predeceffors, or by, from, or under . the faid truftees, or any of them, or the heirs of the furvivor of them, and of and from all manner of incumbrances whatfo-ever, heretofore made or charged upon the fame rents, and a9 fully and amply, to all intents and purpofes, as his Majefty, his bfeirs or fucceflors, might or could have held or enjoyed the 6me; and (hall have and enjoy all and Angular the powers, re-* y	medies,

I	•	•

818	Anno vlcefimo fexto GeoRGII UhCb 87." [

medies, benefits, and advantages for the recovery thereof, gr~ ven or allowed to the purchafers.of rents in and by the faid re cited a<3s of the twenty-fecond and twenty-fecond and twenty-third years of the reign of his faid late majefty King Charles the Second, in as large and ample manner and form as if fuch ’pur-chafes had been made of, and the faid rents conveyed by, the truftees appointed or authorifed in and by or under and by virtue > of the fame a<fts, or either of them.	"

Coromiffion- XV. And whereas fome of the faid rents hereby dir elded to be fold ers may com- are greatly in arrear, and the lands, tenements, and hereditaments+' a^earsf°but 0Ut °f ™bich *be fams are	may ^av8 been purchafed or	come

notforVlefs into the hands of the prefent owners of the faid lands and her edit a- -futn than is ments, without their having had the means of knowing or being ap~ ' due by the	prized of the faid rents and arrears payable for the fame; be it there-

ers of fends" ^ore ^urt^er ena£ted> That it (hall and may be lawful-for 80 an 8# faid commiflioners hereby appointed, with the confent and approbation of the lord high treafurer, or the commiflioners of the treafury, for the time being, in writing, under his or their’ hand of hands, to accept fuch pecuniary compofition of the-perfons who (hall become purchafers of any rent or rents;in ar- * -	rear, as, under all the circiimftances of the cafe, (hall be ecjui- ^

table and juft, fo that fuch compofition be not lefs than the a-nciount of the arrear or arrears of rent which (hall have accrued from the prefent owners refpe&ively of the lands, tenements, ' and pofleflions, out of which, or in refpeft whereof, fuch rent* or rents are or may be ifluing or payable.	~

Certificate to XVI. And be it further ena&ed, That the certificates to be be granted on granted by the faid commiflioners, on the fale of any rent or the fale of rents as aforefaid, (hall be exprefled in the words following, or* lows3/8 fQl" as near t^ieret0 as may be 5 (that is to fay,)

Form of cer- T) Y the commiffmers of the land revenue---------Thefe are to cer~

tificate. JlJ tify, That the faid commijf oners have contracted and agreed*with* A. B. for the fale to him of all that rent of ijfuing and payable cut of[briefly defcribing the lands or hereditaments chargeable] now or late payable by	..

at or for the price or fum of	- of	lawful

snoney of Great Britain, to be paidjy the faid A. B. into the bank 0/England, in the name of the faid commifftoners. [And in the* cafe of fubfifting leafe, then the words following are to be addled] fubjefl nevertkelefsto a leafe thereof, granted under the great feab of Great Britain, [or, the feal of bis Majefly's exchequer, as the* cafe may be,] bearing date the	day of

one ]thoufand feven hundred and	unto

for a term of	years, which will expire

on or about the	day	of

Given under the bands of the faid commijfioners, the day of	•••

Certificates to Which faid certificates (hall be refpe&ively witnefled and attefted, be witaefled. as to the (igning thereof by the faid commiflioners of the land

revenue.

Hosted by Google

i?86.] AnnO vlcfeflmo fexto GeoRGII III. c. 87.'	829

revenue, by one of their principal clerks or other officers : and that the receipts to be given or fubfcribed by the cafhier of the bank, at the’foot or on the back of fuch certificate refpe&ively as aforefaid, (hall be in the words and figures following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to fay),

RECEIVED rfo	day of	^Formofre-

thoufand jeven hundred	of and from A. B. ceipt to be

the Jum of	of lawful money of Great Britain,	tb^

being the confederation money exprefid in the above [or within] writ-	.	e

ten certificate.

Witnefe my handy

(Signed)	E. F. cajhier*

Which faid certificates and receipts, being enrolled as aforefaid* Certificates (hall effectually difcharge the faid purchafers, or other perfons to n^nrol^ 1-whom the fame (hall be fo given and granted, of and from the ^ to " purchafe or confideration money therein refpe&ively exprefled, charge pur-and fuch purchafers or other perfons (hall never afterwards be chafers front liable to or called upon, fued, troubled, molefted, or queftion- confideration fed, for or in refpedt of fuch purchafe or confideration money, moncy* er any part thereof.

XVII.	And be it further enabled. That the certificates and Certificates, receipts hereby directed to be given, (hall be made forth and en- ™ued°aM:he" rolled at the expence of the perfons entitled to or requiring the expence of fame, for which certificate fuch fees (hall be paid (exclufively of the parties, the expence of (lamps, parchment, and enrolling) as the faid forwhichfuch commiffioners (hall dired and eftablifh, in proportion to the	the	C

value of the rent to be fold, fo that no greater fee be paid for commiffioTi-any one certificate than twenty (hillings; and if the certificate ers (hall di-be for more rents than one, a further fee (hall be paid for every &c* rent, not exceeding one fourth of the fee taken for the higheft rent included in the fame certificate\ which faid fees (hall be received by, and diftributed amongfi, the officers and clerks of the faid commiffioners, in fuch manner and proportion as they (hall direct $ and the like fees as aforefaid, and no more, (hall be taken by, and paid to, the auditor of the land revenue, for the enrolment of the faid certificates and receipts.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That where the confi- If confidera-deration money contracted to be paid for any purchafe or dif- e™on^ charge whatfoever, authorifed to be made by this a<5t, (hall ex- tbec^rHficate ceed the fum of ten pounds, the certificate of the faid commif- to be then on fioners (hall be written on parchment, (lamped or notified with aftamp, fuch a (lamp duty as is required by law for the common conveyances, of lands, and no other damp (hall be requifite for the cafhier’s receipt for fuch confideration money ; and where fuch confideration money (hall not exceed the fum of ten pounds, the faid certificates (hall or may be written on parchment, without any other (lamp duty than fuch as (hall by law be requifite foj the ca(hier’s receipts.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafled, That if VPZ.. XXXV,	I	i	i	an/

Hosted by Google

830

If certificate be not procured, and confideration money paid, etc.in 14 days, contracts to be void, etc.

Monies paid

treafury.

Anno vicefimo fetfto Georgti IIL C. £7. {1786.

any perfon .or perfons, with whom the faid commiffioners (hail contraCl for any of the premifes by this ad authorifed to be fold, difcharged, or extinguiflled, (hall negled to procure and fue forth the commiffioners certificate of his, her, or their contrad, or (hall negled to pay into the bank: the confideration money therein to be fpecified, or (hall negled to enrol fuch certificate, and the calhier’s receipt for the faid money, with the auditor of the land revenue, according to the directions of this ad, for the fpace of fourteen days, to be computed from the day on which fuch contract (hall have been made, the faid contract fhall be null and void, and the confideration money, if paid into the bank, (hall be forfeited, unlefs the faid commiffioners (hall, for any reafonable caufe to them (hewn for the omiffion of fuch enrolment, order the faid certificate to be enrolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon fuch caufe being (hewn, they are hereby authorifed to order accordingly.

XX.	And he it further enaCted, That all and every fum and into the bank fums of money, which (hall be paid into the hank of England to be laid out un(jer Qr by virtue of this a Cl, (hall from time to time be laid cent econfol8 out> the order of the faid commiffioners hereby appointed, andtheinte- * in the purchafe of three per centum consolidated bank annuities, reft paid as di- in the names of the faid commiffioners, in which name the go-reCted by the

vernor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorifed and required to permit transfers to be made of the annuities, funds, or ftock fo to be purchafed, and fuch transfers to be accepted by the commiffioners appointed by this ad, for and in the name of the lord high treafurer of England, and the faid commiffioners are hereby required to accept the fame accordingly ; and that all and fmgular the annuities fo to be purchafed and accepted, (hall remain inverted in the name of the lord high ireafurer^ or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer, for the time being, and (hall not be transferred or, transferable* without the authority of parliament; but all the interefl: of the faid annuities or yearly dividends {hall be from time to time paid by the faid governor and company into the hands of fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed to receive the fame, by warrant or power of attorney under the hand and feal of the lord high treafurer, or of the commiffioners of the treafury, for the time being, and (hall, by force and virtue of this ad, be deemed and taken in law to be part of the faid land revenues of the crown, and (hall be from time to time ahfwer-ed, accounted for, applied, and appropriated to fuch and the fame ufes and purpofes as the land revenues of the crown now are or would hereafter have been liable to have been applied and appropriated, in cafe this ad had not been made.

XXI.	And) for the furtherance and more perfect accompli/hment of the purpofes of this aft) be it further enaded, That all and Angular perfons, who by virtue of any office or employment by

rcvcuuc them held tinder the crown, have been intruded, fince his Ma-who aa^not jefty’s acceflion, with the receipt of any monies arifing by rents ij}>taia a quie- of his Majefty’s lands, or by fines of tfiq fitme, or by any of the

foV

Perfons receiving any part of the land revenue

Hosted by

Google

17&&] Anrio vifitefimb fexto Geougii Ilf. e. 87.

faid fniall branches of revenues before mentioned (flieriffs only excepted), or with money arifing by fale of any of his Ma-jefty’s woods or timber in England or JVales, and whofe feveral and refpedive accounts have riot been declared and quietus eji obtained thereon, or (hall not be fo declared before the firft day of Augufli one thoufand feven hundred and, eighty-fev(en, and alfo the heirs, reprefentatives, and fureties of any fuch perfons intruded as aforefgid, and now deceafed, whofe accounts are depending and unfettled, and who (hall not, within the time aforefaid, procure fuch accounts of the deceafed accomptants to be made up and declared in due form of law, (hall, and they are hereby feverally enjoined and required to deliver fuch refpedive accounts of their receipts and expenditure, with their vouchers for the fame, unto the faid commiflioners appointed by thisvad, who fliall thereupon proceed to take fuch order and courfe as they fliall think fit for the doling, adjufting, and liquidating the fame accounts, by or before the auditor of the land revenue, in whofe charge and audit fuch unfettled accounts may happen to be refpedively; and if any default fliall be made by any of the perfons or parties aforefaid, in the bringing before the faid commiflioners fuch unfettled accounts and fuch vouchers as a-forefaid, within fuch time or times as the faid commiflioners jhereby appointed (hall limit and appoint for that purpofe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, arid .they are hereby required, under their hands and feals, to certify the fame, and the circumftances thereof, to the chancellor and barons of the exchequer for the time being, who fliall thereupon .award and ifliie forth fuch procefles againft the faid defaulters as the nature of the cafe (hall require, and the faid court think expedient; and in cafes of wilful default made in the delivery of any accounts or vouchers, by any of the particular receivers of .the rents of the crown, or in the payment of any balance due from them, or any of them, upon the foot of their accounts, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners hereby appointed, by writing under their hands and feals, to fufpend any of fuch receivers from the further receipt of any rents or revenues in their cplledion, fo that every fuch fufpenfion fliall be forthwith certified by the faid Commiflioners unto the chancellor and barons of the exchequer, who fliall and may dired any pther perfon pr perfons to colled and receive the rents and revenues in the charge of the receiver or receivers fo fufpended, $nd (o take and enjoy the falaries, and other fees and emoluments of office, appertaining to fuch receipt and collection, during the continuance of fuch fufpenfion *, and every fuch fufpenfion (hall remain and continue in full force until the faid chancellor and barons* by their order, to be made upon the fubmif-jSon of the party or parties fo fufpended to account for and pay* the balance due from him or them, (hall think, fit, or dired, to Jake off and difepntinue the fame $ any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary nptwithftanding.

XXII.	A|id be it further enaded. That if any perfon who I i i 2	(hall

831

tus before Aug. i, 1787, to deliver theiraccpunts to the edm-mifiioners to be liquidated.

Procefles to be iflued a-giinft default* ers herein*

and if the default be wilful, the com-miflioners may fufpetid them, etc.

Hosted by Google

His Majefty to appoint commiffion-

Anno vicefimo fexto GEokGIi III. c. 87. [1786. Perforis mak-* (hall be examined upon oath or affirmation, or (hall.make any oathis incur a®davit °K depofition, on oath or affirmation, touching or corx-the penalties cerning any of the matters or things by this act directed tp of wilful per- be done or enquired into, (hall be guilty of falfely and wilfully jury.	fwearingor	affirming to any matter or thing, which, if the fame

had been fworn or affirmed in any caufe. or fuit depending in any of his Majefty’s courts, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt perjury, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidted, (hall incur the fame penalties and forfeitures as by the laws and ftatutes of this realm are provided againft per fans con vi&ed of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted, That if the faid com-

miffioners appointed by this adt, or either of them* (hall decline com minion*	~ . ,rr	,	r	\

ers in place oft0 ac* in t“e execution of the powers and trufts hereof, or, fuch as may having begun to adt therein, (hall depart this life during the die, or decline continuance of this adt, it (hall and may be lawful to and for to act.	his jviajefty5 by warrant or warrants under his royal fign ma-

nual, to conftitute and appoint fuch perfon or perfons to be a commiffioner or commiffioners for the purpofes aforefaid, in the place of the commiffioners fo declining to a & or dying as afore-faid, as his Majefty (hall think fit, and fo often as fuch cafe (hali happen; and the perfon or perfons fo conftituted and appointed by his Majefty, having firft qualified to adt by taking and fub-feribing the oath herein*before provided and diredted, (hall be inverted with the fame powers and authorities as are given oir delegated by this adt unto the faid commiffioner or commiffioners conftituted by this adt refpedtively.

XXIV.	And be it further enadted and declared, That the appointments of commiffioners in the land revenue, made or

'miffion not to authorifed to be made by this adt, (hall not be deemed or taken vacate a feat t0 foe within the intent or purview of an adt of the fixth year of or dffqual'ify re’Sn °f Queen Anne,' intituled. An att for the fecurity of her ‘ *	Majefty s perfon and government,	and of the fucceffton of the crown

of Great Britain in the Protejlant line, whereby to vacate the feat in parliament of either of the commiffioners hereby appointed, or to be hereafter appointed, by virtue of this adt, or to difqua-lify any fuch commiffioner from being eledted, or fitting, or voting as a member of the houfe of commons.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That nothing ii* this adt contained (hall extend to give unto the faid commiffioners hereby appointed any power or ‘authority to make any enquiry into, or qtherwife to interfere with, any of his Majefty’s royal palaces, or any houfes occupied by any of the royal family, ortheforefts, parks, lands, or grounds of his Majefty, adjoining or contiguous to and occupied with any of fuch paJaces or houfes refpedtively, uniefs in obedience to any commands of his Majefty, to be for that purpofe fignified under his Majefty’s royal fign manual.

XXVI.	And be it further enadted. That this adt (hall com* mence from and immediately after it (hall have received his Majefty’s royal affent, and (hall continue in force for the term of

• -	ttoss

Appointment to the corn-

from being eledted.

Commiffioners not to be hereby autho rifed to enquire into royal palaces or adjoining lands.

Commencement and continuance pf this adt.

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vlcefimo fexto GeoRGii III. c. 88,89;	93$

three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion pf parliament.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An at1 for fettling and fecuring a certain annuity for the ufe of lady Maria Carlton, wife of fir Guy Carlton, knight of the mojl. honourable order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton aijd Thomas Carlton, fons of the [aid fir Guy Carlton, in confederation of the eminent fervices performed by him to his Majejly and this country.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majejly, by your mojl gracious meffage to Preamble, your faithful commons, has been pleafed to fignify your defere of conferring a feigned mark of your royal favour on fir Guy Carlton knight of the mojl honourable order of the Bath, in confederation of the important fervices performed by him to your Majejly and this country, and for that purpofe to grant to lady Maria Carlton, zvife of the faid fir Guy Cariton, and to Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, fons of the faid fir Guy Carlton, for their fever al lives} an annuity of one thoufand pounds per annum; but it not being in. your Majejly9 s power to grant the fame, or to fettle the faid annuity for fo long a term, recommended it to the houfe of commons to confider of a proper method of enabling your Majejly to grant the faid annuity, and of fettling and fecuring tb?fame in the mojl effeftual manner, EsY.

Lady Maria Cariton, Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, to receive an annuity of x,oool. for their lives, from Jan. i, 1785. Treafury to direct the auditor of the exchequer to make out debentures for the faid annuity without fee. Annuity not to be determinable on the demife of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or by death, or removal, or any lord of the treafury, or the determination of their refpettive office*. No fee to be required any where on account of the annuity. Receipt of lady Maria Carlton, Guy Carlton, or Thomas Carlton, refpectively, to be a fufficient difcharge for payment of the annuity, which is to be free of all taxes, and if neglected to be paid, officers of the exchequer may be fued.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An aft to explain, amend, and extend to other fools and utenfils, an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prejent Ma-jejly, intituled, An adfc to prohibit the exportation to foreign parts of tools and utenfils made ufe of in the iron and fteei manufadtures of this kingdom; and to prevent the feducing of artificers or workmen, employed in thofe manufactures, to go into parts beyond the feas.

WHEREAS by an aft, paffed in the lajl fejfeon of parliament. Preamble, (intituled. An adt to prohibit the exportation to foreign rec^inK parts of tools and utenfils made ufe of in the iron and fteei ma- ^ eo* 4 nufadtures of this kingdom; and to prevent the feducing*of artificers or workmen, employed in thofe manufactures, to go into parts beyond the feas), it was, amongjl other things, enafted. That if any perfon or perfons in Great Britain Jhould? upon My pfiUtm

JM3	1yhaftWa

Hosted by Google

Afino vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 89. f 1.78&T

whatever*, export, load, or put on board, or pack, or eaufe or procure to be laden, put on board, or packed, in order to be laden or put ort board of any fbip or veffel which Jhould be bound to fome port or place in parts beyond the feas, (except to Ireland) ; or jhould lade, or eaufe or procure to be laden, on board any boat or other veffel, or Jhould bring, or eaufe to be brought, to any quay, wharf, or other place, in order to be fo laden or put on board any fitch Jhip or veffel, any tool or utenfil therein particularly mentioned, or any other tool of utenfil whatever which then were, or at any time or times thereafter Jhould or might be, ufed in, or proper for the pieparing, working, finijhing, or completing of the iron or fieel manufactures of this kingdom, or either of them, by what name or names foever the fame Jhould be called or .

4	known	*, or any model or plan, or models or plans, of any fuch tool,

utenfil\ or implement, or any part or parts thereof*, the perfon or per-Jons fooffending Jhould,for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe allfutb took or utenfih, or parts or parcels thereof, together with the packages, and all other goods packed therewith: and whereas the general) prohibition of the^ exportation of tools and utenfils made ufe of in the iron and fletl manufactures of this kingdom may be productive of in* convenience; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituar and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afleitt-' From July io, bled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after 1786, fuch the tenth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty^ too s u ed in ^ -lt ^a]j an(j may be lawful to export from Great Britain tet the Britijh iflands in the Wefi Indies, or toany other foreign part* or place whatever, any tools or utenfils made ufe of in the iron or fteel manufaClures of this kingdom, which might have been legally exported before the palling of the before recited a<5t, (except the feveral articles herein-after particularly enumerated; patting recited that is to fay, Rollers, either plain, grooved, or of any other ad, except form or denomination, of call: iron, wrought iron, or fteel, for hereln^fpeci	of iron, or any fort of metals, and frames, beds, pil-

fed,	Iars> ferews, pinions, and each and every implement, tool, or

utenfil thereunto belonging; rollers, flitters, frames, beds, pillars, and ferews, for flitting,mills5 preffes of all forts in iron, fteel, or other metals, which are ufed with a ferew exceeding one inch and an half in diameter; or any parts of thefe feveral articles, or any model or models of any of the before-mentioned utenfils, implements, and machines, or any part or parts thereof; and all forts of utenfils, engines, or machines ufed in the calling or boring of cannon, or any fort of artillery, or any parts thereof, or any model or models of tools, utenfils, engines, or machines ufed in calling or boring of cannon, or any fort of artillery, or any parts thereof; hand-ftampsj dog-head (lamps* pulley (lamps, hammers and anvils, for damps, preffes of all forts called Cutting'out Preffes, beds and punches tq be ufed 'therewith; piercing-preffes of all forts, beds and punches to be ufed therewith, either in parts or pieces, or fitted together; fcor-ing or (hading engines, preffes for horn buttons, dies for horn buttons, rolled metal with filver thereon, parts of buttons not

"	'	'	"	*	~	fitted

the iron and fteel manufactures, etc. may be exported, as might have been before

Hosted by

Google

ij86.J	Anno vicefimo fcxto Gegrgii III. c.90, gu

fitted up into'buttons, or in an unfinifhed date; engines for chafing, (locks for calling buckles, buttons, and rings; die-finking tools of all forts, engines for making button (hanks, laps of all forts, tools for pinching of glafs, engines for covering of •whips, bars of metal covered with gold or filver, burnlfhing {tones commonly called Blood Stones, either in the rough (late or finished for ufe); any thing in the faid recited aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That, from and after the tenth day or July, one thoufand feven P^rfon to hundred and eighty-fix, it lhall not be lawful for any perfon or fe^o^with perfons, in the kingdom of Great Britain, to export to parts be- intent to ex-yond the feas, (except to Ireland}f or to have in his or their pof- port (except feflion with the intent fo to export, any of the tools and utenfils to inland), herein-after mentioned; that is to fay. Wire moulds for making a^deshere-paper; wheels made of metal, (lone, or .wood, for cutting, jn fpecified# roughing, fmoothing, polifhing, and engraving glafs; purcellas, pincers, (heers, and pipes, ufecf in blowing glafs; potters wheels £nd potters lathes for plain, roundi apd for engine-turning tools, ufed by fadlers, harnefs-makers, and bridle-makers, namely, cantle-firainers, fide-ftrainers, point-ftrainers, creafing- Rec;te(j irons, fcrew-creafers, wheel-irons, feat-irons, pricking-irons* fo^/as re-bolftering-irons, clams, head-knives ; and that the faid recited lates to ex-aft, fo far as the fame concerns the exporters or pofleflors of porters of ar* the tools and utenfils therein enumerated or defcribed, (hall ex- ei^umera^ed11 tend, or be conftrued to extend, to all and every the exporters to or poffeflbrs of the tools and utenfils herein enumerated and exporters of defcribed, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame articles fpeci-were repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.	fi^d in this

III.	And be it further enafted, That this aft lhall continue continuance in force until the end of the next feffion of parliament, and nd of this aft. longer.

An aft for repeating (b much of an aft, pafled in the twenty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty additional duties upon fait; and certain duties upon Glauber or Epfom falts, and alfo on mineral alkali or flux for glafs, made from fait 5 and to prevent frauds in the duties on foul fadt, to be ufed in manuring of lands, as relates to the obtaining rock fait, or fait rock, or brine, or fea water, for the purpofe of making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, dutyfree.

Preamble, reciting 22 Geo. 3. c. 39. in part. From Aug. 1, 1786, fuch part of recited aft as relates to obtaining, duty-free, rock fait, &c. for making a flux for glafs, to be repealed, except as after mentioned. Glafs makers may take rock fait, fait rock, or brine, or fea water, for making a flux for glafs, at their own glafs works, upon the terms of the recited aft. This aft not to extend to duties due, and feizures made, &c. before Aug. 1,1786*

An act for making perpetual an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act for regulating mad-, fcaufes.

cap. xc.

CAP. XCI.

CAP.

Google

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgn III. c. 92 — 95. [1786.'

C A P. XCII.

An act to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the .Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Se? cond, intituled, u An act for the more effectual puniftiment of perfons who (hall attain, or attempt to attain, pofleflion: of goods or mouey, by falfe or untrue pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; for the eafy redemption of goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in publick houfes, by journeymen, labourers, fervants, and apprentices 3 ” fo far as the fame relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; and for the eafy redemption of goods pawned,

44 Geo. 3. c. 44. recited, and fo much thereof as relates to the preventing unlawful pawning of goods, and the eafy redemption of pawns, continued from its expiration to the end of the next fefiion. Publick act.

C A P. XCIII.

An act to enable his Majefty to grant a certain annuity to Brook Wat-ion efquire, late commiffary general in North America, in confidera-tion of his diligent and meritorious fervices in that office..

aa Geo. 3. c. 82. recited. 500I. annuity may be granted to Brook Watfon efq; for the life of Helen Watfon, his wife. Grant under thi# act not to reftrain his Majefty from granting any other penfions*

C A P. XCIV. ' ‘

An act for making compenfation to the proprietors of fuch lands and hereditaments as have been purchased for the more fafe and convenient carrying on his Majefty’s gunpowder works and mills near the town of Faverfham, and for the better fecuring his Majefty’s docks, lhips, and ftores, at Portfmouth and Plymouth, in purfuance of acts of parliament made in the twenty-third and twenty-rfourth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

a$ Geo. 3. c. 37,recited; 44 Geo. 3. c. 49, recited; 33,890!. 158. xd, 3q. to be paid to the proprietors of lands, &c. in Kent, Southampton, and Devon, taken pofleflion of for publick ufe under recited acts. Surveyor of the ordnance to grant bills to the parties, for their rcfpeetive claims, &c. Sums for which debentures are granted to be paid accordingly; 30I. decreed to the dean and chapter of Canterbury, to be paid , to fuch perfon as they fliall authorife to receive it, &c. Money decreed to be paid to triiftees, to be paid by the treafurer of the ordnance to the deputy King’s remembrancer, who is to grant certificates, to be filed in the exchequer. Deputy remembrancer to pay to the bank the money he receives. Barons of exchequer to give directions about monies received by the deputy remembrancer, &c. Vicar of Faverfham, and rector of Alverftoke, to receive the annual income of the fums decreed for the lands belonging to them.. In cafe of death of deputy remem^ brancer, ftock veiled in him to veil in his fucceffor. If on death of deputy, the King’s remembrancer (hall execute the office, the powers of this act to veil in him. Clerk of the ordnance to depofit with tjie clerk of the peace, debentures of perfons neglecting to take the fame in due time, etc. Lands in Hamplhire valued in decree under recited acts, to veil in his Majefty from time of payment of the value and thofe not valued, to be revefted in the proprietors. Limitations of actions, to fix . calendar months after fact. General iffue, may be pleaded, $tc. Defendant may have treble cofts.

CAP. XCV.

An act for enlarging the times appointed for the firft meetings qF corn?

miflioners.

Hosted by Google

>786.] Anno vicefimofexto GeoRGii III. c.96 — 99.	837

iniffioners, and other perfons, for putting in execution certain acts of this feffion of paliament.—To meet in a fortnight after the end of the feffion.

CAP. XCVI.

An act to provide that the proceedings now depending in the fioufe of commons upon articles of charge of high crimes and mifdemeanors, which have been exhibited againft Warren Haftings efquire, late governor general of Fort William in Bengal, Ihall not be difcontinued by any prorogation or diiTolution of parliament.

C A P, XCVII.

An act for railing a further fum of money, by exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand fevea hundred and eighty-fix.***

, 3,qoo,oool. raifed by this act.

CAP. XCVIII.

An aft to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelvet 1 for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omit-- ted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been ftamped, have. been Joft or miflaid; and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped; to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors. — Time enlarged to Dec* aj, 1786, and attornies to file affidavits before Michaelmas term.

C A P. XCIX.

An aft to after tain the fees to be taken by the officers of the receipt of his Majeffs exchequer, on the iffues of money which have been made, andjhall hereafter be made, for the payment of certain pen-fions at the receipt of his Majeffs exchequer.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament pajfedin the twenty- Preamble.

fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An Geo. 3 . c. aft for enabling his Majefty to difcharge the debt contrafted recited, upon his civil lift revenues, and for preventing the fame from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the faid revenues, and by fuppreffing or regulating certain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out or the revenues of the civil lift), it is among other things enafted,

That no penfon whatfoever, on the civil efablijhment, jhall hereafter be paid but at the exchequer, and in the fame manner as thofe pen-fions which were then paid and entered at the exchequer under the head, title, and defcription of Penfions, and with the name of the perfon to whom, or in truffor whom, the faid penfton was granted; and that thofe which were transferred thither by the faid aft Jhould be fubjeft to no taxes or fees whatfoever, except the taxes and fees to which before the faid aft they were fubjeft, any flatute, law, or ufage to the contrary notwithfanding; nor Jhould any penfon, hereafter to be granted, be charged at the exchequer with further or other fees than were heretofore paid on penftons to the paymafier of the penftons: and whereas it is recited by the faid aft, fhat it being intended that all

3	favings

Hosted by

Google

n$

From July 5, *7 86, trea-fury to pay fee8 on penfions tranf-ferred from treafury and penfton office to the exchequer, to officers thereof.

Officers of

exchequer may demand fees on penfions granted or tohe

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 99. [r 7 86*?

favings from falaries and fees of the offices by the faid aft fuppreffied> Jhould be applied in aid of the civil lift expences*, it is by the faid aft further enabled, that all fees hitherto payable9 and by the faid aft not excepted, on any payments, within the civil lift revenues, do fill con-time to be paid, and remain for the difpofal of the commijfmers of. the treafury: and whereas there have been for many years iffiues of money out of the receipt of bis Majeflfs exchequer, under the title of Secret and Special Service, by which many penfions have been paid at the treafury, on which the officers of the receipt of his Majeftys exchequer were allowed to take fees to the amount of two and an half per centum* and likewife iffiues of money to the paymqfter of penfions, . on-which the faid officers were allowed to take fees to the amount of one pound, three /killings, and nine* pence per centum, which fees were never charged upon the faid penfions, but were paid by the com-mffioners of the treafury: and whereas no fufficient provifton is made, in the faid aft for the payment, of the fees to which the officers of the receipt of his Majeflfs exchequer were legally intitled before the puffing hf the faid aft, whereby the faid officers have been, and may hereafter tie prevented from receiving the fame, contrary to the intentions of the faid aft: for remedy whereof , be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by ther authority of the fame, That it (hall and may Be lawful, from and immediately after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, to and for the com-miffioners of his Majefty's treafury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, to ifliie and. pay, and they are hereby authorifed and required to ifliie and pay, or caufe to bo iflued and paid, out of the monies which have arifen, or (hall arife, by any favings accruing from the falaries and fees of the offices by the faid adt fupprcffed, or from fees payable on any payments within the civil lift revenues, which, by the faid a£t, remain for the difpofal of the commiffioners of the treafury, (or out of any fuch other of his Majefty’s civil lift revenues), as they (ball think fit, all fuch fum or fums of money to the auditor, clerk of the pells, or any or either of the four tellers, or any Other of the officers and clerks of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, upon any fum or fums of money iflued fince the paging of the faid a<5t, or to be hereafter iflbed for the payment of penfions transferred from the treafury, and from the office of paymafter of penfions, to the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, as the faid officers of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer would have been intitled to have received as their legal fees upon iffiies of the like fums of money, under the head of Secret or Special Service, or to the paymafter of penfions; any thing in the faid adt contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-yvithftanding.

II. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the auditor, clerk of the pells, or any or either of the four tellers, or any other of the officers or clerks of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, to demand and

Hosted by

Google

*34

granted, fince recited a&.

On death of the auditor, etc. the fees to be applied to the pur-pofes of the recited aft* etc.

Publick aft.

1786.} Anno viqefimo fexto GsoHon- III. c. i6'o.

take upon all penfions granted finee the palling of the faid aft, or hereafter to be granted, the fees of two arid one half per ten-turn, and no more, (which were the ufual fees paid heretofore to the late paymafter of the penfions on penfions paid at that office), according to their refpeftive proportions, which faid fees are by the faid aft charged upon the faid penfions.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That upon the death, furrender, forfeiture, or removal of the auditor, or any or either of the four tellers, the proportion of the faid fees belonging to the refpeftive officer fo dying, fur-rendering, forfeiting, or being removed, (hall be applied to the ufes and purpofes direfted by an aft of the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, Ancttt for ejtablijhing certain regulations in the receipt of his Majejlfs exchequer) ; and fuch proportion of the faid fees, belonging to the clerk of the pells, as are allowed to be taken upon monies ifiued for the pay-ment of the faid penfions during the life of the right honourable fir Edward Walpole, late clerk of the pells, be paid to his legal reprefentative or reprefentatives; and fuch proportion of the faid fees as: ate or (hall be allowed to be taken upon monies ifiued for the payment of the faid penfions lince the deceafe of the faid late fir Edward* Walpole, (hall be referved for the ufes and purpofes direfted by the faid aft,

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That this aft (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick aft; and (hall be taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

C A P. C.

An a5l to prevent occafional inhabitants from voting in the election of members jo ferve in parliament,for cities and boroughs, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the dominion of Wales.

WHEREAS it frequently happens, in cities and boroughs Preamble.

where the right of election of members to ferve in parliament is in the inhabitants paying foot and lot, or in the inhabitants houfe-holders, houfekeepers, and pot-wallers % legally fettled, or in the inha- ' bitants houfeholders, houfekeepers, and pot-wallers, or in the inhabitants houfeholders refiants, or in the inhabitants within fuch cities or boroughs, that much trouble, expence, and litigation, is created by occa-fional voters, to the great prejudice of the real inhabitants, who bear the burthens of fuch cities and boroughs, and to whom the right offending members to parliament belongs: for remedy thereof, be it enafted by the King?s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of Augujl, onethoufand From Aug. tf feven hundred and eighty-fix, no perfon (hall be admitted to x-7^» any . vote at any eleftion of a member or members to ferve in parlia*

fa* any city or borough of that part of Great Britain called tant, paying

England, fcot and lot.

Hosted by

Google

*

846	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 101. [1786.

etc. who (hall England, or the dominion of Wales, as an inhabitant paying fcot jot have been and jotj or as an inhabitant houfeholder, houfekeeper, and pot-^evioustQ9 waller, legally fettled, or as an inhabitant houfeholder, houfe-thceieaion, keeper, and pot-waller, or as an inhabitant houfeholder refianty t© forfeit 10I.; or as an inhabitant of fuch city or borough, unlefs he (hall have been aftually and Iona fide an inhabitant paying foot and lot, or an inhabitant houfeholder, houfekeeper, and pot-waller, legally fettled, or an inhabitant houfeholder, houfekeeper, and pot-waller, or an inhabitant houfeholder refiant, or an inhabitant within fuch city or borough, fix calendar months previous to the day of the eleftion at which he fhall tender his vote; and if any perfon fhall vote at any fuch eleftion, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, his vote fhall be deemed null and Void, and he fhall forfeit, to any perfon who fhall fue for the fame, the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered by him or her, by action of debt, in any of his MajeftyY courts of record at Wejlminjler^, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, privilege, or imparlance, fhall be admitted or allowed ; and in every fuch aftion the proof of inhabitancy, as aforefaid, (hall lie upon the perfon againft whom the fame fhall be brought: provided neverthelefs, That fuch aftion be commenced within fix calendar months after the caufe of aftion accrued: provided alfo, but not to ex- That nothing in this aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued fe**ta*Trin ^ ex*enc^ t0 any Pcrf°n acquiring the poffeffion of any houfe, m any city or borough, by defeent, devife, giarriage, or marriage Sefeent, etc. fettlement, or promotion to any office or benefice* aor to perfons	II. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That this aft

claiming a	fhall relate only to thofe perfons who claim to exercife the fi;an-

J^Van*0**	c^e voting as ^habitants paying fcot and lot, or as inhabi-

rtberdeferip- tant$ houfeholders, houfekeepers, and pot-wallers, legally fet-tsoo than	tied, or as inhabitants houfeholders, houfekeepers, and pot-

5»habitant8	wallers, or as inhabitants houfeholders refiants, qr as inhabi-

feat	tants withjn fuch cities or boroughs, and fhall not extend to any

a*** e c. other defeription of perfons who may claim to vote at any election for members t6 ferve in parliament for fuch cities or boroughs, by any other title, or by any other fuperadded qualification,

CAP. Cl.

An aft for erefting certain ligbt-boufes in the northern parts of Great Britain.

JPffcambJe. TTTHEREAS it would conduce greatly to the fecurity of navi-V V gation and the fijheries, if four light - houfes were erefted in the northern parts of Great Britain; one at Kinnaird’s Head, in the county of Aberdeen ; one on the ijland of North Ranilfha, in the Orkneys^ one on the point tf/Scalpa, in the ijland of Herries j and a fourth on the Mull of Kintyre: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King's imoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

parliament

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefirrao fexto Georgii III. c. 101.	841

parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Any five of it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty’s advocate and *he con?naiiT folicitor general for Scotland; the lord provoft, and eldeft baillie app^tedT^ * of Edinburgh; the lord provoft, and eldeft baillie of Glafgow ; the may agree for provofts of Aberdeen, Inverness, and Campbeltown ; the fheriffs lands for depute of the counties of Edinburgh, Lanerk, Renfrew, Bute*	r

Argyle, Invernefs, Rofs, Orkney, Gaithnefs, and Aberdeen, for the time being, or any five of them, which nuipber is hereby de- €rn parts of dared to be a quorum, who are hereby appointed commiflioners Great Britain* or truftees for putting this ad in execution, to contract and agree with the owners or proprietors of lands, lying and fituated at the places aforefaid, and moft convenient for ereding the faid light-houfes, for fo much land as may be necelTary for that pur-pofe, and (hall pay fuch rate and consideration for the fame, as fhall be agreed on between the faid commiflioners or truftees, and the owners or proprietors of fuch lands, either by abfolute purchafe, or by payment of a rent, or certain annual fum for the fame.

II. And whereas it may happen that fome of the owners, proprietors^ or occupiers of fuch land, which may be necejfary for eridling the faid light-houfes, may infifl upon too high prices or rents for the jame9 or through infancy, minority, defeft of the title deeds, incumbrances, debts, or other difabil'tties or caufes, it may be difficult to obtain valid and legal rights to fome of the properties necejfary to be ufed for thefe purpofes\for remedy ivhereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any owners or occupiers of any lands or heritages Sheriffs de* (hall be under any of the circumftances before defcribed, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners or truftees, ian^s where and they are hereby authorifed and impowered to apply to the differences lheriff depute of the county where fuch lands and heritages fhall arife .relative refpedively lie, who, upon fuch application, is hereby impow- *° Pnce>ctc* ered and required to order a vifitation and infpedion of fuch lands and heritages, and to call before him the refpeeftive owners, proprietors, or occupiers thereof, or the truftees, tutors, or curators, or others, having the charge and adminiftration of the affairs of fuch owners, proprietors, or occupiers, requiring them, within a limited time, to fhew caufe why fuch lands and heritages, may not be alienated, granted, or leafed for the purpofes aforefaid; and thereupon the faid fheriff fhall proceed to hear the faid parties, and to pronounce fentence upon the faid matter as final! be reafonable and juft: provided always. That if any Appeal may perfon or perfons fhall think him or themfelves aggrieved by fre0^^d the fentence of the faid fheriff, that it fhall and may be lawful fheriffs to the to fuch perfon or perfons to apply, by petition, to the lords of lords of council and feflion to have fuch fentence reviewed, altered, or feflion* amended, and the lords of feflion are hereby impowered and required to proceed and determine therein fummarily, without abiding the courfe of any roll; provided always, That fuch application be made to the lords of feflion within twenty-one days after the date of the fheriff’s fentence, if the court be then fitting, or within fix days after the meeting of the faid court.

UI. And

Hosted by Google

$42	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	GeoRGH	III.	C. ibt. [17 $6;

Sheriff fro b III. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if

to^Ttermhie^ ^pon tr^a ** aPPear t0 the feW foeriff, that the fame may the value of he alienated, granted, or leafeyd, without hurt or prejudice of the lands.	fa id owners, proprietors, or occupiers, and (hall be fo found and

declared, then, for afcetthining the value or confideration, pr rent to be paid for the faid lands and heritages, it (hall and .may be lawful to and for the faid (heriff, and he is hereby impowered and required, after the elapfing of the faid fpace in which the peVfons who may think*themfelves aggrieved are allowed, to apply to the court of feffion for redrefs aforefaid; or in cafe of any fuch application, after a decree of the faid lords (hall be extrad-ed thereupon, to fummon and impannel a competent number of difcreet, fubftantial, and difinterefted perfons of the county in which the lands are fituated, not lefs than twenty, nor more than forty, and out of fuch perfons fo fummoned and returned, to name and appoint a jury of fifteen perfons, each of them pof-feffed of an eftate of fifty pounds Scots valued rent in the county, to come and appear before him, at fuch time and place as by his warrant or precept (hall be directed, and to receive fuch Evidence as (hall by either party be brought before him ; and the faid (heriff (hall examine the faid evidence upon oath (which oath he is hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifter), touching the value, confideration, or rent, to be paid to the re-fpedive owners, proprietors, or occupiers of the faid lands or heritages, neceffary for erecting the faid light-houfes ; and the verdid of the faid jury (hall be final and conclufive: provided always, That all parties concerned (hall have their lawful chal-lenges againft any of the faid jurymen, order pay- JV, And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* mentof fums That the faid (heriff depute (hall, and he is hereby authorifed awarded by and required, upon fuch verdid given, to order payment of fuch yerdift of	fum or fums of money, or the rents or certain annual fums, and

juries, c.	to orcja jn fop owners, proprietors, or occupiers of fuch lands and

heritages, or their truftees, tutors, curators, or adminiftratots, to convey, grant, or leafe to the faid dnnmiffioners or'truftees, all fuch lands and heritages for the purpofes aforefaidand all contrads, agreements, fples, leafes, or other conveyances, made’ or direded ip be made, (hall be valid to all intents and purpo-fes; any law, ftatute, ufage, or any other matter or thing what-foever, to the contrary thereof notwithftandingt and all truftees, tutors, or curators, corporations, proprietors, or incumbrancers, fubjed to tailzies, and all other persons, are and fhall be hereby indemnified for what they (hall do by virtue of, or in purfuanc* of this acft: provided always. That the price, confideration, feu-duty, rents, or annual fum, to be paid for the faid lands, fhall be fettled or veiled, in truftees, fo as to defcend and be de-vifed to the fame heirs of tailzie, and be fubjed to all fuch truft'r, conditions, and limitations, as are contained in the original fettlements, deeds, or tailzies, of the refpe^iyely lauds fo conveyed for the purpofes aforefaid.	*	'

frsT^pp°oint V. And be it enabled, That it (hall and may be layyful to find

collector*. if'..	fc?

Hosted by Google

iySlS.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII III. C. ioi.	843	'

for the laid commifltoners or truftees to chufe and appoint, by writing under their hands, clerks or colledors for levying the duties herein-after mentioned, and fuch other officers as they (hall judge neceflary to be employed under them, for carrying this ad into execution, and from time to time to remove fuel* officers, or any of them, and to appoint others in their ftead* and to fettle fuch fees or falaries to fuch clerks, colledors, and other officers^ as the faid truftees (hall judge reafonable.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commif- Commiffion* fioners or truftees to ered, or eaufe to be ereded, upon the	*

forefaid lands, proper light-houfes, with fuch other buildings ^ * 0 99 and conveniences as to them (hall appear neceflary \ and alfo to ered, or eaufe to be ereded, breafts or wharfs for landing coals or fuel for burning in fuch'light-houfes, or any materials neceflary for the building and maintaining the fame; and alfo to make, or eaufe to be made,' roads from the faid breafts or wharfs to the faid light-houfes.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the time fuch light-houfes fhall be finifhed,

in fuch manner as to have the proper lights or lignals put up completed, therein, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, the duties fd-or for fuch perfons as they fhal| appoint, to demand, colled, lowing to be receive, and take, of and from all and every tlie mafters and Pajdby fhips owners of every fhip or decked veffel, the fums following; (that pa em* is to fay),

K

From every Britijb (hip or decked veffel, navigated according For every to law, which fhall pafs any of the faid light-houfes, whether the faid fhip or veffel fhall be outward or homeward bound, or *e* toe^.ng on a foreign voyage, or falling coaftways, a fum not exceeding one penny fterling per ton :

And for every foreign fhip or decked veffel, paffing as afore- If foreign, 2d. faid, a fum not exceeding two-pence fterling per ton.	Per toa\

VIIL Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiflioners or truftees fhall, ConGderaiioa out of the duties hereby granted, fatisfy and pay to the owners, proprietors, or occupiers of the faid lands, on which the faid p^out of light-houfes are to be ereded, the confideration, feu-duty, or the duties, rent agreed or awarded to be paid for the fame.

IX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the Annual ae-faid truftees fhall keep and enter, in proper books, minutes of counts ofre-their proceedings, and fair, juft and true accounts of the re- dtfburfe-ceipts and difbur foments of all monies which fhall be received ments to be hr expended by them in confequence of this ad, and fhall eaufe fent to the to be made out and properly authenticated, once in every year, treafury, etc* four copies of the faid accounts, whereof one fhall be tranfmit-ted to the lord high treafurer of Great Britain, or lords com-miffioners of his Majefty’s treafury 5 two to the commiffioners q( his Majefty’s cuftoms at Edinburgh, to be prefented by them

ta

Hosted by Google

Commiflioners may borrow i,oool. and the ex

lefs a receipt for the fame be produced.

844	Anno	vlcefimo fexto Georgii III.	Ci 101. [178&

to both houfes of parliament; and one to be delivered to the annual convention of the royal boroughs in Scotland.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commiflioners or truftees fhall be, and they are hereby impowered and declared to have full power and lawful author

pences of this nty* at any time or times hereafter, by any mortgage cr mort-act, on ere- gages, or any ad or ads, deed or deeds* under their hands duly dit of the du- executed, to borrow or take up, at a rate of intereft not exceeds lcSa	ing the lawful intereft at the time of the loan, any fum or fums

of money, not exceeding one thousand pounds fterling, upon the fecurity and credit of the duties granted by this aft, for an-fwering the expences of making the works aforefaid, and fuch further fum as (hall be fufficient to difeharge the' expence of obtaining and palling this ad; and may aflign fuch duties to any perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate, who (hall furnilh or advance fuch money, or any part thereof, as a fe-. purity for repayment of the fame.

XI.	Andy to the intent the duties may he duly anfwered and paid.\ Ko entry of be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the col-thedut^tobe ^e<^ors °f h‘s Majefty’s cuftoms, comptrollers, receivers of en-received un-C tries, furveyors or fearchers, waiters, and all other officers of

the cuftoms whatfoever, or their refpedive deputies pr clerks, at any of the ports, harbours, or places of Great Britain, (hall not, after the commencement of the faid duties, take or receive any entry or cocquet, or other difeharge or clearance, or take any report outwards, for any (hip or veflel liable or fubjed to, the faid duties, until the faid duties (hall be paid purfuant to the diredions of this ad, to the refpedive colledors to be appointed by the faid commiflioners or truftees to receive the fame, and until fuch refpedive matter or owner of any (hip or veflel, fubjed to the faid payment thereof, (hall (hew to fuch refpediye officer a receipt for the fame.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Goods maybe That in cafe any owner or matter, or any perfon having thp

'c A" charge or command of any fuch (hip or (hips, veflel or veflels, charged or chargeable with any of the duties granted by this ad, (hall refufe to pay the fame, that then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or the coU lector or collectors,, or other perfons to be appointed by them, to feize, take, and detain, preferable to, and notwithftanding any right of hypothecation, attachment!, arreftment, or other right whatfoever, claimable by or due to any perfon, any of the goods, merchandize, guns, tackle, furniture, and apparel, of or belonging to any fuch (hip or veflel, and the fame to detain and keep until the faid duties (hall befatisfied and paid; and in cafe of any negled or delay in payment of the.faid duties for the fpace of three days after fuch feizing, taking, or detaining, that then it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or the col* lector or colledors, receiver or receivers of the faid duties, or fuch perfon or perfons as the faid truftees (hall authorife and appoint, to caufe the flune fcj? bp appraifed by two or more fuffi-r

cieot

feized if duties are not .paid, etc.

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGII Ilf. c. tot.*	845

dent perfons or fworn appraifers, afrd afterwards to fell and dif-pofe of the goods fo taken and appraifed, and thereout to fatisfy the faid duties fo negleded to be paid, together with the charges of fuch feizing, taking* detaining, and felling the fame, (hall be afcertained by the faid feizers, upon oath, rendering to the matters or owners of fuch (hip or veffel the overplus (if any there be) on demand: provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this'Exemption ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to charge f^fevourof any of the (hips or veffels belonging to his Majefty, his heirs the r^aj 0 or fucceffors, or any veffel or wherry employed in the fervice of navy, etc. his Majefty1*s revenue, or any (hips or veffels employed in the Greenland or other northern whale frftiery, or going to Archangel in RuJJia, or returning from thence, provided the faid (hips return before the fifteenth day of September in each year.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That no (hip or Vefiels palling veffel, whether outward or homeward bound, or failing coaft- ^°rj.t^*1 ways, (hall pay more than one penny or two-pence as aforefaid, £0Ufegt0 pay although the faid (hip or veffel (hall -have, in the courfe of the duty only faid voyage, paffed more than one of the faid light-houfesi once.

XIV.	And be it further enaded. That as foon as the four Duties not light-houfes aforefaid are built and lighted in a proper manner, Paya^e hU a notice thereof (hall be given by the commiffioners ortruftees ^fce of three feveral times in the London Gazette, and in all theEdin- light-houfes burgh newfpapers; and the faid duty on the tonnage of (hips being com-and veffels palling the faid light-houfes (hall only commence pleted.

and be exigible one calendar month after the date of Tuch firft notice in the faid Gazette and newfpapers.

XV.	And it is hereby further enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the faid light-houfes and otherbuild- Light houfes ings (hall be vefted in the faid truftees or commiffioners, who t?^>ev^^in (hall, from time to time, keep arid maintain the fame in good

and fufficient repair, and (hall in the night feafori maintain a * proper fire or light therein, fo as the trade, navigation, and the fifheries may be effedually benefited, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners and truftees, out of the faid duties granted by this ad, to pay all juft and reafonable fums of money and charges that (hall or may be expended in ereding, maintaining, and fupporting the faid light-houfes, and fire or light to be kept therein, together with all other charges which fhall be proper and neceffary for executing the aforefaid truft, and the intereft of all fuch fums from the refpedive times of advancing the fame until reimburfement, with the charges of colleding and recovering the duties aforefaid, and likewife to. the difeharge of the principal of the faid fums.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any furplus fhall remain, after the fdVeral payments Surplus of herein-before direded to be made, the fame fhall, once in every du*iei -to year, be vefted in fome one or other of the publick funds of the kingdom, and fhall be allowed, together with its intereft, whenVuffici-to accumulate until the yearly intereft of the fame (half amount cut to the ex* Vol. XXXV.	Kkk	to

?4<5

Anno vicefimo fextp, Gpqrgii IH. <s, jpi.	[ 178.6*

duties to ceafe.

Meetings of commimon-

pences of the to a fum jequal to the whole expence attending the faid light-light-houfes, houfes; and that, how fopn the faid intereft Stall amount to the fum necefiary for the purpofes of the faid lightr houfes, theq, and in that cafe, the fums that (hall have been heretofore payable by the feveral (hips and veflels pafling the faid light-houfes, (hall ipfofafto ceafe, determine, and be no longer payable.	,

ersmT^n". X^II- And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That pound'for°m"	feid comrniflioners or truftees, at their annual general

duties. meeting to be herein-after appointed, (ha1*! find that the payment of the feveral duties aforefaid bears particularly hard on any (hips or veflels, by reafon of the faid (hips or veflels pafling frequently in the fame year fome one or other of the faid light-houfes, and being employed in a trade which cannot bear a frequent repetition of the faid duties, it (hall he lawful for the faid comrniflioners or truftees, on a reprefentation from the mafters or owners of the faid (hips or veflels, or of the perfons concerned in the faid trade, and on the truth of the allegations contained in the faid reprefentation being proved to the fatisfaction of the faid comrniflioners or truftees, to compound With, or agree by the year with, the mafters or owners of the faid (hips or veflels for a leffer fum than the duties per ton exigible ut the time would amount to.

XVllt And* for carrying this aft into execution, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* That there (hall be a general meeting of the (sp4 Commi$9Pers or truftees, held at Edinburgh on the firft Tuefday of Auguji, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and in every fubfequent year on the Tuefday of the vyeel^ in which the general convention of the royal boroughs in Scotland \s held ; which meetings (hall have power to adjoqrn from, time to time : provided always. That all alterations in the rates of the duties to be paid as aforefaid (hall be made at one of the faid general meetings, and the accounts audited aqd pafljed, at; the (aid general meetings.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, in cafe apy (pit or aj&ion (hall be commenced againft the

ac^ anefto be ^ com mi (Fionas or truftees, or any other pjerfon or perfons, for any th^pg dpne in purfuauce of this a<51, the defendant or defendants, in fuch fait or a6tion, may produce this adt, and plead that the faid things were done in. purfuauce and by the authority of this a&, and if it (ball appear fo to be done, that then the defendants (hall be abfolyed from every fudi fait, action or a£Uons, and (hall have double cofts and expences in the defence thereof awarded to them, from and againft the pro-fecutor or profecutors of the fame.

XX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all QierifFs, juftices of th$ peace, judges, and magiftrates, with their officers, mefleng^rs at arms, and all other officers and executors of the law whatfoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and. aflifting in putting this act into due and effectual execution.

XXL And

ers.

Defendants

entitled to double cofts.

Sheriffs, etc. to a(iifl. in the execution of this act.

Hosted by Google

t^8&] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii IIL g, igs —104,

XXI.	And bfe it further enadted by the authority afdrefaid. That this a ft (hall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all Courts of law or equity, as a publick aft 5 and all judges and juftiees of fuch courts are hereby required to take notice of it as fueh, without fpecially pleading the fame,

GAP. CII.

An aft for enlarging: the term and powers of an aft, paflfed in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for impowering the commiffioners for putting in execution the feveral afts pafled for paving, clean fing, and lighting the fquares, ftreets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and parts adjacent, to colleft certain tolls on Sundays upon the feveral roads therein mentioned, and apply the fanhe for the purpofes of the faid afts.

5 Geo. 3. c. 15, recited, *j Geo. 3* C. 161, and continued for at years (except as to ftamp duties). Enabling the truftees to apply part of the tolls in aid of the ioool. per ann. paid for paving piccadilly, etc. Ex* pences of this aft to be paid out of the firft money raifed*

c a p, cm.

An aft for atfeffing the commiffioners, clerks, and other officers oF the office for viftualling his Majefty’s navy, for their falaries, and the profits of their refpeftive offices, to the land tax, in the manor of Baft Smithfield, in the tower divifion, in the county of Middiefex, not* withftanding the removal of the faid office into any other divifion of place.

C. 3. land tax this feffion. Commiffioners, etc. Of Victualling office to continue to be afTefled to the land tax in Eaft Smithfield, on the removal of the office; but one fourth of affeffment for appointments created fince Feb. *5,169a, and the whole for thofe from Dee. x$% 178$* to be paid to the divifion to which the office may be removed. ' Publick act*

CAP. CIV.

An aft for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals ufed in /melting copper and lead ores9 and in fire engines for draining water out of the copper and lead (nines, within the Jfle of Angiefey.

WHEREAS there are within the Ifle of Angiefey confider-able mines of copper and lead9 but for want of coals and other fuel within the faid ifie9 proper for fmelting the copper and lead ores raifed from the faid mines, the faid ores9 in order to be fmelted9 are always carried to places where coals pay no duty9 as under the prefent duties upon coals, added to the expences of freight, and other charges, the ore from the faid mines cannot be /melted within the faid ifie without confider able lofs to the proprietor s9 who are thereby prevented from working the faid mines effeftually: and whereas9 by reafon of the increafing depth of the faid mines and the fituation of the ore9 it will be impofftble for the water to be kept out of them without the help of fire engines9 in working of which great quantities of coals mufi be ufed9 whereby the owners and proprietors of the faid mines will be under the fame difficulties and difcourage merits as infupplying themfelves with coals for the purpofe of fmelting: and whereas the encouragement. of the working of copper and lead mines'Within the

K k k 2	fold

847.

Publick act.

Preamble*

From July 5, 1786, drawbacks to be

Anno vkefimo fexto Georgia HI. c. 105, 106. [1786*

faid ijle will contribute as well to the employment of many miners and labourers within the ifley as to the increafe of the trade an A manufactures of the kingdom in general: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enadted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, for all coals which (hall be ufed in ailowed of all calcining or fmelting copper and lead ores, within the Ijle of duties paid Anglefey, or which (hall be ufed in fire engines for draining for fmeUine wa*er out'of the mines of copper and lead within the faid ifle, coppTr andT f°r which duties have* been fiyrft anfwered and paid, a drawback lead ores, (hall be allowed and made of all fuch duties, upon proof by etc. in Angle- oath being firft made before the cuftomer or collector of the faid ^	duties (which oath he is hereby impowered and required to

adminifter) that fuch coals have been fo ufed and applied; which drawback of all the faid duties (hall be returned and paid, by the collector of the faid duties, to fuch perfon or perfons fo making proof as aforefaid, or fuch other perfon or perfons as hath or have firft anfwered and paid the faid duties.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed by the autho-Drawbacks rity aforefaid. That the amount of fuch drawbacks (hall not r°rnn? ^eed exceed the fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds in any t mn m one year, to commence and be computed from the twenty-fourth day of June, annually 5 and that the cuftomer or colledtor of the faid duties (hall keep an account of the drawbacks returned and paid by him in purfuance of this ad, and that he fhall not allow or return duties to a greater amount than here-in-before mentioned; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

Wool, in one year,

CAP. CV.

An adl for continuing the falaries and profits of the commiffioners, clerk6, and other officers, of the pay office and navy office refpec-tively, rateable to the land tax, in the wards of Broad Street and' Tower, within the city of London, notwithftanding the faid office# fhould be removed into any other divifion or place.

Land tax c. 3. of this feffion. Commiffioners, etc. of the navy pay office, and navy office, to continue to be afiefied to the land tax in the wards of Broad-ftreet and Tower, though the offices be removed. One fourth of aflefTment for appointments created fince Feb. 15, 1691, and the whole for thofe created fince Dec. 15, 1785, to be paid to the dlf-trict to which the offices may be removed. Publick act.

CAP. CVI.

An aft for incorporating certain perfons, therein named, by the name and file of The Britifh Society for extending the Fiftieries, and improving the Sea Coafts of this Kingdom $ and to enable them, ivben incorporated, to fubfcribea joint flock, and therewith to pur chafe lands, and build thereon free towns, villages, and fijb~

ing

Hosted by Google

iyS6,] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii IIL c. 106.

ing flat ions in the highlands and i(lands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland ; and for other purpofes.



WHEREAS the building of free towns, villages,. harbours, Preamble., quays, piers, and fijhing flations, in the highlands and iflands of North Britain, will greatly contribute to the improvement of fisheries, agriculture, manufactures, and other ufeful objects of induftry in that part of the kingdom, in which the dijperfed fltuation of the inhabitants hath hitherto proved a great impediment to their active <<exertions; and their being collected, into fiflnng towns? and villages would be the means of forming a nurfery of hardy feamen for his -May fly's navy, and the defence of the kingdom: and whereas the finding, immediate employment at home for great numbers of people, would be the means of putting a flop to the dangerous fpirit of emigration now prevailing, and likely to prevail in a great degree, to the depopulation of that part of his Majefly's dominions, and lofs to the (kingdom of many of his Majefty s ufefui fubjeCls: and whereas an undertaking for thefe laudable, purpofes cannot be fo conveniently or effectually carried on unlefsa confider able joint flock be raifedfor that purpofe : and wheredsfleveral perforts have already formed themfelves into a fociety, and fubfcribed conflderdble fums for carrying the purpofes above-mentioned into execution,. but are apprehenfive that difficulties may arife, as well in .recovering debts which may grow due to the joint flock, as in defending, fuits.:or actions which may be commented or brought fgainfl the fubferibers for any matter or thing relative to the joint focieiyi as by law,' all the feveral fubferibers and proprietors in the joint fociety mu ft, m fuch cafes, both fue and be fued, implead and be impleaded," by their feveral diflinCl names and deferiptions, and to prevent the feveral fubferibers from becoming liable to the payment of any fitm or fums beyond their refpeCtive Jhares in fuch capital joint flock; [therefore, for the more eaflly carrying into execution the feveral undertakings herein-before mentioned, and for avoiding the difficulties aforefaid, the /aid fociety are defer ous of being incorporated, and having a common feal and name, by which they may fue and be fued, implead and be impleaded: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conform of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the Members of moft noble John duke of Argyk, the moft noble John duke of j!*e corpora-Atboly the right honourable George Campbell commonly called tI0n* Marquis of Lorn, the right honourable fames Graham commonly called Marquis of Graham, the right honourable Archibald earl of Eglington, the right honourable Francis earl of Moray, the right honourable fames earl of Abercorn, the right honourable fohn earl of Breadalbane, the right honourable fohn earl of Dunmore, the right, honourable Anthony earl of Kintore, the right honourable Adam Gordon commonly called Lord Adam Gordon, the right honourable Frederick Campbell commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, the right honourable George Levefon Gower commonly called Earl Gower, the right honourable lord Mac-

K k k 3	donaldy

Hosted by Google

15°	Anno vicefimo fexto-Georgn III. c. 106* [1786.

donate^ the right honourable Henry Dundas, the honourable major general JtfaMir Murray, the honourable Archibald Frafer, fir Haroord Harbord baronet, fir Hugh Munro baronet, fir Adam Furguffon baronet, fir James Riddle baronet, fir Robert Herries knight, fir George Young knight, Ray Campbell efquire, Archibald Macdonald efquire, captain Colin Campbell, Neil Malcolm, Francis Humberjlone Mackenzie, George Dempjler,	Hamilton Demp-

fier, Duncan Campbell of Lochnell, Kenneth Munhifon, George Steuart,	Mackenzie of Bijhopfgate Street London, Kenneth

Mackenzie- of Terridan, major James Munro, Angus Macaulay, colonel	&wz//,	Miller,	y<^« Call) Henry Beaufoy,

Mcugillivray, y^« Tfw#, y^« Mackenzie of Lentron, George Cuthbert, Lewis Cuthbert,	Cameron, lieutenant y^ff

Mackey, Alexander Ahderfen,	Hawkins Brown,, Patrick

Home, captain Donald Campbell, Thomas Hoby, James Frafer, William Wilber force, Duncan Campbell of Minching Lane London, Alexander Blair, y?/w Campbell, David Dale, Alexander Rofs, Duncan Davidfon, David Mitchell, captain William Frafer, Kenneth Mackenzie of Gower Street London, Alexander Pringle\ J. S. F. Frafer, James Webjler, David Webjler,	Callender

late of Bothbay, David Anderfon, general Fletcher Campbell, John Ogilvie, Thomas Longlands, lieutenant general Henry Fletcher, Adam Drummond, Alexander Frafer, Robert Grant, William Grant, John Paifly, Thomas Ogilvie, William Hamilton, James Sstexvart% Alex-.	Macintofh,	Robert Fairful, lieutenant Roderick Mackenzie,

John Grant, Thomas Miles Riddle, lieutenant general Richard, Prefcott, lieutenant general Edward Maxwell, their executor^ adminiftrators, and affigns, and every other per fort or perfons, who (hall hereafter, either in their own right, or as executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afligns, in right of any other per-foil or perfons, become proprietors of, or interefted in any part, or fum of the faid joint capital flock or fund herein-after mentioned, (hall be, and they are hereby made a diftiodt and fepa-rate body politick and corporate, in deed and in name, by the Corporate	name or ftile of The Britifh Society for extending the FiJherieSi and

name,	improving the Sea Coajls of this Kingdom; and that by the above

name they (hall have fucceffion and a common feal, and that they and their fucceffors may, from time to time^ break,' alters or make new or change fuch common feal, as (hall be found moft expedient 5 and that the faid fociety (hall be able and capable in law, and (hall have perfedt and full power and ability in law, to have, purchafe, receive, take, and enjoy lands, tenements, and hereditaments of what kind, nature, or quality foever*

Bodies corpo- jj. And be it enadled by the authority afqrefaid. That any felUnd^on^ Pcr^on or Petfons* body politick or corporate, may give, grant, vey lands* * bargain, fell, or convey to the faid fociety, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the ufe and benefit of the faid fociety; and that the faid fociety (hall have power and ability in law to grant, fell, demife, alien, or difpofe of fuch lands, tenements, and heredifamwts, of pyf>arttfaeifcof, at their will

: "	and

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo ftxto Georgh III. c, 106.	851

and plea Jure, and in their corporate name (hall and may be able in law to fue and implead, be fried and impleaded, anfwer and be anfwered, in any court of record or elfewhere, in all caufes and a&ioriS whdtfoever, fof, touching, or concerning the faid corporation.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid fociety to Capital joint raife a capital joint flock, to be applied to purchafing or other- flock, wife acquiring lands and tenements in perpetuity, and for the building of free towns and villages, harbours, quays, piers, and fifhing ftations, on fuch lands fo purchafed or acquired, and on no other lands or tenements Whatfoever, hot exceeding.the fum of one hundred and fifty thoufand pounds fterling, at fuch time and in fuch proportions as at any general court or courts of the faid fociety to be hOlden in purfuance of this a& (hall be diredt-ed; and that the fame (hall be divided into a number of (hares, each (hare not exceeding the fum of fifty pounds fterling 5 and _ that no one per fori fubfcribing (hall become proprietor of more than ten (hares, in his, her, or (Heir names, otherwife than by bequeft or operation of law; and if ft (ball to happen, that any number of perfons fubfcribing, are adually members of a joint partnefftiip in bufiriefs, they mail jointly be confidered as one name or perfori, holdirig a (hacfe of (hares not exceeding ten in number, for any ode joint paftner(hip, or in the name of any other perfon or peffons in truft for him, her, or them (except the fame (hall come to him, her, or them, by deyife, bequeft, marriage, of a<5i of law), upon pain of forfeiting to the faid fociety all fuch (hares, exceeding ten (hares as aforefaid, and the money fo to be raifed is hereby appointed to be applied in the pufchafe of lands, as aforefaid, and for the purpofe of building by publick advertifed contrads, free towns and villages, harbours, quays, piefs, arid fifhing ftations thereupon: provided always. That it (hall in no cafe be lawful for the faid fociety to borrow any futri or furris of money whatfoever\ and they are hereby prohibited from borrowing the fame.

Iv. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That the faid fum of one hundred1 a$d fifty thoufand pounds Stock to be fterling, or fuch futri as (hall be raifed, by the perfons herein- divided into before named, or by fuch perfon of perfons as may hereafter ftiares* become a proprietor or proprietors of the faid fociety, fo divided into (hares of fifty pounds fterling each (hare, (hall be, 4nd the fame are hereby veiled in the feveral perfons herein-before de-fcribed, and their feveral refpe^iVe executors, admiriiftrators, fucceffors, arid a Signs , for their and every of their proper ufe arid benefit, proporfioriably to the fum they and each of them (fiafl feveraiiy fubicrib’e and pay thereunto $ and all and every of the faid (hares (hall be deemed to be perfonal effate,/arid tranf* mined as fuch, arid riot of the riiture of real property; and all arid every pet fori or perfons, their feveral arid refpedlive executor or exedritots, admiriiftratorsarid affigns, who (hall feveraiiy the fum of fifty pounds ftetlirig; or fuch fum or fums

852	Anno	vicefimo fexfp Georgii III. c. 106. [1786*

as (hall be demanded in part thereof, towards eflabliftiing and carrying into! execution the undertakings of the (aid fociety, lhalrbe Quitted to and receive the entire and neat diftribution of the prdflts and advantages which (hall or may arife or accrue by virtue' df the faid fum and fums of money to be raifed, recovered, and received by the authority of this a<fl, and fo in proportion for'any greater number of (hares, not exceeding ten ihares as aforefaid, and every perfon or perfons having fuch property of one (hare of the faid undertaking, and fo in proportion as aforefaid, (hall bear and pay a proportionable ifum of money towards Carrying on the faid undertaking, in manner herein-after ena&ed, directed, and appointed, fuch fum or fums not exceeding fuch (hare or (hares, as any perfon or perfons (ball have fubfcribed to the capital (lock of the fociety.

V.	- Arid* to the end that all matters and things touching or relating to the ejiablijhing and carrying on the faid fociety, may be managed and tondtified in the mojl beneficial manner ; be it further enacted

Votes secord-by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon who (hall have fubfcribed for one (hare of the joint flock, his or her refpe&ive executors^ adminiftrators, and afligns, in every or any publick meeting affembly to be held as herein-after directed for carrying on the biifinefs of the faid fociety, (hall have liberty, by him or her, or by his or her proxy, under his or her hand, to give for one'or two (hares, one vote, and no more; for three or four (hares, two votes, and no more; for five, fix, or feyen fhares, three votes, and no more; for eight or nine (hares, four votes, and no more; for ten (hares, five votes, and no more; and whatever queftion of ele&ipn, or other queftion whatfoever, fhall be propofed, difcufled, or confidered, in any publick af-fembly or meeting to be held under and by virtue of this a£f, fhall be finally determined by the majority of votes then prefent in perfon dr by proxy, qualified as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it ena<fted by the authority aforefaid, That, in cafe itfore perfons than one (hall incline to hold in their joint nalmes ~one or more (hares of the faid joint flock, one only of fuch perfons (hall be entitled to vote when prefent, according to the priority of their names in the original fubfcription, or they may in the abfence of the whole give their vote or votes by proxy, as herein-before mentioned, to be appointed by a majority of the faid joint fubfcribers under their hands; and that all bodies politick and corproate, who (hall be proprietors of any (hare or (hares in the faid joint flock, (hall be entitled in like manner to vote by proxy, duly coriftituted under their corporate feal.

Shared held by	VII. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no,

Prox7* perfon fhall be capable of a&ing as proxy, unlefs he be a proprietor, and that no one proprietor (hall hold more than five votes by proxy.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Subfcriptions That a book or books for fubfcriptions (hall be provided within 1° entered 0ne month after the tenth day of July, One thpufand feven hun-ln a book*	dred and eighty-fix; in which bpok or books 4he&id joint flock

(half

lag to Ibares.

Shares held by more than one perfon.

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno viccfimo fexto Georgii IIL C. 10&	,	853

(ball be fubfcribed by. the members of the faid fociety, and that none of the faid members (hall fubfcribe more than the fum of five hundred pounds fterling in his, her, or their names; and that all and every the proprietors of the fums fo fubfcribed (hall pay his, her, or their (hares and proportions of the monies fubfcribed, at fuch times and places as (hall be appointed for the receipt of fuch fums of money as (hall from time to time be ordered to be paid in purfuance of any call or calls to be made, in manner to be regulated by the bye-laws of the fociety, of which feveral calls two calendar months notice at the lead (hall be given, by publilhing the fame in the London Gazette, by the direction of a general meeting of the faid proprietors; and if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully negleft dr refufe to pay his, her, or their rateable and proportionable part or (hare, parts or (hares, of fuch monies fo to be called for as aforefaid, within not lefs than two calendar months after the time appointed for the payment thereof; and after perfonal notice given to him or her, or notice in writing left at his or her ufual or lad place of abode, then he, (he, or they, fo negle&ing or refufing, (hall forfeit a fum amounting to ten pounds per centum,on his, her, or their refpedlive (hare or (hares in the capital dock of the faid fociety.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That whenever any proprietor (hall have incurred'the penalty If penaltiea aforefaid of ten pounds per centum on fuch (hare or (hares as he are not Paid» or (he may be poflefled of in the capital dock of the faid fociety, and calIa an~ for nonpayment in due time as aforefaid of his or her rateable lwere 9 proportion of money fo called for as aforefaid, and fuch forfeiture (hall have been declared at fome general meeting of the proprietors, it (hall and may be lawful at the fame, or at any fublequent general meeting, for any ten or more of.the proprietors then prefent, to order and direct a further notice to be given to fuch proprietor; and in cafe he or (he (hall not within two months after fuch notice ferved perfonally, or left at his or her mod ufual or lad place of abode, payor caufe to be paid all fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be then due and owing upon any call or calls as aforefaid, and for nonpayment of which fuch former forfeiture (ball have been incurred; and (ball not alfo pay or caufe to be paid an additional fum of ten pounds per centum on fuch (hare or (hares as fuch proprietor (hall have fubfcribed towards the capital dock of the faid fociety, then fuch defaulter to proprietor, in cafe the nonpayment of fuch fum or fums of mo- 5Prfeit ney (hall have been declared at fome general meeting of the faid &c* proprietors, (hall forfeit all his intered, (hare and property in the capital dock of the faid fociety, together with all fuch fums as (hall have been paid in, or (hall be then due and owin^from any call or calls as aforefaid, which lad mentioned fum or fums due, and.owing from any call or calls as aforefaid, and the re-lpe#ive penalties of ten pounds per centum,‘ and ten pounds per centum^ herein-before mentioned, (hall and may be recovered by:.a&ion of debt ia any .of his Majefty’a cpurts of record at _ V':;	  ’	■	Wefiminjler^

Hosted by Google

completed, executors may do it.

S54.	Aono	vicefimo	fexto	Gtokoti	III.	c.	106.	[1785.

Wefiminfter, or by fuit m the court of feflion in Scotland reflectively: provided always. That it ihall and may be lawful for the faid proprietors, at any general meeting to be held after ftich forfeiture (nail have been incurred, to poftpone, mitigate, or remit the fame.

On the death X. Provided always,^ and be it further ena&ed, That if the of proprietors proprietor of any (hare in the faid undertaking (hall die before before lhare payment (hall have been made of the full fum to be advanced on each (hare which he or (he (hall have been poflefled of or entitled to, without having made provifion, by will or otherwife, for the payment of the feme, then and in fuch cafe the executors and adminiftrators of fuch proprietor, and the truftee or truftees, guardian or guardians, of any infant or other perfon entitled to the eftate or effedts of fuch proprietor, (hall be indemnified againftfuch infant, and all other perfohs whomfoever, for paying any fum or fums of money, when called for as aforefeid, to complete every fuch fubfcriptiori;.and if fuch deceafed proprietor (hall not nave left effedls fufficieilt, of in Cafe any fuch executor or adminiftrator, truftee or guardian, ftiall fefufe or negled to anfwer fuch calls and payments, the faid fociety (hall be and are hereby impowered, authoTifed, and required to admit any other perfon or perfons to be proprietor or proprietors of the (hare or (hares of fuch deceafed proprietor, on condition that he, (he, or they, fo admitted, do and (hall, on of before fuch admiflion, 'pay to the executors or adminiftrators of fuch deceafed proprietor, or the truftee or truftees, guardian 61 guardians of any infant, or others entitled to his or her effedls, the full money which (hall have been paid by fuch deceafed proprietor in his or her life time, by virtue of any call or calls, or otherwife, upon fuch (hare or (hares, dr fo much money as the fame can be fold for.

Shares may be XI. And be it further erfiifted, That it (hall be lawful for difpofed of. any of the faid proprietors to fell ordifpofe of any (hare or (hares he, (he, or they (hall and may be intitled fo therein, in manner and fubjedt to the rules and conditions herein mentioned ; arid for that purpofe duplicates of the deed of bargain and fate, at transfer of fuch (hare or (hares, (hall be executed by every vendor and vendee, and one part rhereof, fo executed, (hall be delivered to the fecretary of the faid fociety, to be filed and kepi for theufe of the faid fociety, and an entry thereof (hall be made in a book or books to be kept by the faid fecretary for that purpofe; and the faid fecretary, or his deputy, is hereby required to make fuch entry accordingly ; and until the duplicate of fucfe deed or transfer (hall be fo delivered to the faid fecretary, nr to his deputy, fuch purchafer or purchasers (hall have no part or (hare of the profits of the faid underlakingr;norany interdft: paid him, her, or them, for and in refpedt: of fuch (hare or (hares fo purchafed, nor be entitled to vote as a proprietor or proprietors After a call of the faid joint (lock : provided always. That after any call of no (hare to be fuch monies (hall be made by a general meeting, no perfon of fold till the perfons* bodies corporate or collegiate, (haU fell or transfer any

money paid.

lhare

855

1786.] Anna vicefimo fexto Georg 11 III. c.

(hare which he, (he, or* they, (hall then have in the (aid joint flock, until the monies called fbr upon His, her, or their (hare or (hares, fo to be fold, (half be paid $ and every perfon making default herein (hall forfeit his, her, or their (hare or (hares in the faid joint flock to the faid fociety, for the benefit of the reft of the (aid proprietors, {unlefs the perfon dr perfons who (hall be vendor or vendors, (hall, at the time of fuch fale or transfer, pay the money called for upon every (hare fo fold or transferred, into the bank of England, bank of Scotland, or royal bank of Scotland), fuch forfeiture having been firft notified and declared at a general meeting, in manner above directed.

XII. And be it further enabled, That every transfer of the faid (hares (hall be in the form, or to the purport and effect following:

I A. B. in confederation of	paid to me Form of the

by C, D. do hereby bargain, fell, and transfer to the faid C* D. transfer. bis or her executors, admimflrators, anda/Jigns,

/hare or /hares, [as the cate may be] in the joint fociof thefociety for extending the fi/heries, and improving the fea coaJH of this ling-dom^fabjeft to the fame rules and orders, and on the fame conditions, that-1 held the fame immediately before the execution hereof .* and I the faid C. D, do hereby agree to accept of the faid /bare -{or /hares] fubjeft to the fame rules, orders, and conditions:

' Witnefs our hands, the- —	day	of

in the year of our Lord

XIII.	And, for the better ordering, managing, and governing the affairs of the faid fociety, and for ejlabUJhing a continual fucceffion of perfons to be dire ft or s of the fame-, belt ena<5led by the authority aforefaid, That there (hall be (of the members of the faid fo- Governor,de-ciety holding one full (hare in the joint (lock of the fame re- Puty S0*e*; fpeSHvely) a governor* deputy governor, and fifteen directors,	dl~

of whom the (aid governor ana deputy governor (hall always be two, of and in the faid fociety, which directors, or any feven or more of them, (hall be, and be called, A Court of Direftors for the ordering± managing, and direfting the affairs of the faid fociety.

XIV.	And be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That the members of the faid fociety (hall, on or before the How to be tenth day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, chofen. proceed to the ele&ion of a governor^ deputy governor, and thirteen members of the faid fociety, as aforefaid, to be their diredtors as aforefaid, in manner following 5 that is to fay, That each and every member of the faid fociety (hall, on or before the (aid tenth day of Auguft, deliver in, br tranfmit to the (Secretary of the faid fociety a lift in writing, fubfcribed with his or her name, and fubjoining the number df (hares which he or ihe holds in the joint ftock of the faid fopety, containing the names of fuch members as heorfhe votes for to be governor, and deputy governor, refpe&ivcfy > and alfo of thirteen other mem-

Hosted by

Google

856	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgji	III.	c. 106. [178&

bers qualified as aforefaid, whom he or (he (hall vote for to be directors of the faid fociety; and that all and every fuch lift whkh (hall contain a, greater or Jefs number than fifteen names aforefaid, (hall berejedted and of noeflfedt; and that the thirteen members, whofe pames (hall be inferted in the greater number of fuch lifts, as afprefaid, (hall be the directors of the faid fociety,; and that fuch perfons whofe names (hall be contained in the greater number of iuch lifts for filling the offices of go-vernpr,:and deputy governor, (hall be governor .and deputy governor of the faid fqejiety: provided, that if it (hall So happen that any two or more psr/pos named in fuch lifts as aforefaid (hall have 'an, equal nupiber of votes, the names of fuch two or more perfons (hall be placed in a box, and dra wn out by the fecretary of the faid fociety; and the perfon whofe name (hall be drawn out (hall be a governor, deputy governor, or director of t he faid fociety, as the cafe may happen; and the fecretary (half in like manner draw out fycceflively. a fufficient number of names to complete the number of thirteen directors, who (hall be directors accordingly.

. v XV* And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. To continue That the governor, deputy^ governor, and directors, fo ikft to March aj, chofenas aforefaid,, (hall ferve and continue in their refpedtjvp * bfficfs.. until the twenty:fifth day of Marcb% one thoufand feven hundred and eighty^(even; and that a pew eledtion of a go^r yernor, deputy-governpr^rid thirteen directors, (hall he ihm niade Tn manher afo^efaid ; arid on the twenty-fifth da)?\ of March in each and fevery fucceeding year,ajrke eledtion t(ha0 be made, unlefs the fame (hall happen on a Sunday, and then pn the Monday, following; and that fuch governor, deputy governor,tand direftprs, (hall ferve and continue, in their refpeo? tive qfik^	whole year next enluing their refpedtive elec?

. tions. ;’ . /	.	^	V	.

Their powers.	X VI^	enacted	by	the	authority	aforefaid. That the

(aitf^y|n^r, deputy governor, and directors, or the .ifcajo* ^rlojFi^etn, (hall and may, from time, to time, affemble and meef toother at any convenient place or places within the cities of London or Wejiminjler, and then and there hold courts of directors, and (hall at fuch courts have power and authority to order and direct all the affairs and bufiriefs of the faid fociety* fubjedt to the bye-laws and directions of all general meetings of the faid fociety, and (hall have power to name committees of themfelves, and to appoint all fubordinate officers.

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid* Governor,&c. Thaf every governor, deputy governor, and diredtor of the faid to be fworn. fociety, fo to be eledted as aforefaid, before they be admitted to the execution of. their refpedtive offices or places of governor, deputy governor, or diredtor, (hall take the following .oath before any two or more of the faid proprietors, who are hereby impowered to adminifter the fame:	<

*

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Ge'orgii ill. C. 106.	857

<f the Britifti focietyfor extending the fijheries and improving the fed wafts of this kingdom, truly and faithfully, to the bejl'of my judge• ment and underftanding*

So help me G O D.

jXVIII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Auditors out of the faid proprietors holding one full (hare refpedtively, cbofen* there (hall be chofen and appointed in like manner, and at the like times, five perfons, (not being governor or deputy governor, or director or other officer) to examine and audit the accounts of the faid fociety once in every year, and to prepare and lay before the genera! meeting, the accounts of the faid fociety in a clear, accurate, and diftindt manner, one copy of which (hall be referved in the office for the infpe&ion of any proprietor who (halldefire to fee the fame.

XIX.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That General there (hall be holden one general meetingof the faid proprietors meetings how on the twenty-fifth day of March in each arid every yearand to be ca €d‘ if the fame (hall happen on a Sunday, then on the Monday fol-

v lowing at noon, in the cities of London or Wejlmtnfter, and that if at any time it (hall appear to any nine or more proprietors, that for the more effeduarlly putting this aft in execution, an occafional general meeting of proprietors (hall be neceflary to be held, the governor, deputy governor, or any three or more of the faid directors, on requeft made in Writing by fuch nine proprietors to the faid governor, deputy governor, or directors,

(hall caufe notice to be given thereof in the London Gazette, and in fuch other manner as the faid proprietors, their fucceffors or afligns, (hall at any general meeting direfl or appoint, declaring in fuch notice the place where, and the time when, fuch meeting is to be held, the fame to be held within one calendar month from and after fuch notice given, and likewife fpecifying in every fuch notice the reafon for and intention of fuch meetings refpedively; and the proprietors are hereby authorifed to meet purfuant to fuch notice, and proceed to the execution of the powers by this ad given them ; and every of the proprietors, or the major part of them, at fuch meetings aflembled,

(hall be as valicf to all intents and purpofes as if the fame had been done at an annual general meeting held in manner herein before dire&ed. Provided always, That at all general and ordinary meetings the governor, or in cafe of his abfence the deputy governor, or in cafe of the abfence of both, a chairman, who (hall be then and there chofen, (hall, in cafe of an equality ©f voices, have a calling vote; and that all general meetings, qrdinary or extraordinary, aflembled as before dire&ed, (hall have the power of adjourning themfelves to fuch time as they ftiall deem neceflary.

XX.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore-

feid. That in cafe the governor, deputy governor, or any of Directors, dy* the directors for the time being (hall happen to die, or re%n others his office before the expiration of the faid year for which he or t0 be chofen#

they

Hosted by Google

S58

Bye-laws how made and altered.

No transfer of ftock for three years.

Money to be placed in the bank of Scotland, or royal bank of Scotland.

Amio viceftffiojhrto GsqkgIi 1IL c.	f 178&

they (hall be fo elected, that then and from thenceforth it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor or deputy governor, or any three of the faid directors, if they fee fit, to fummon and call together a general meeting of the proprietors aforefaid, and then and there to chufe into the place or places of him or them fo dying or refigning, one or more other fit per-fon or perfons, as the cafe may happen, to fill up fuch vacancy or vacancies, and the perfon or perfons fo cbofen (hall continue in their refpedtive offices or places during the remainder of fuch year, or until the next eleftion of governor, deputy governor, and directors as aforefaid.

XXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid proprietors, their fueceflbrs and affigns for the time being, (hall have power and authority at a general meeting to be called for that fpecial purpofe, or by adjournment of the annual general meeting, in cafe fifteen or more proprietors pre-fent at fuch general meeting, by themfelves or proxy, be pof-» fefled of one hundred (hares at lead, but not otherwife, to make fuch rules, bye-laws, and conftitutions, for the government of the faid fociety, and for the good and orderly carrying on the bufinefs of the faid fociety 5 and alfo for the well governing of the officers, fervants, workmen, and others, who (hall be employed in and about the bufinefs, and carrying on of the faid fociety, or any part thereof, as to them (hall feem meet; which faid rules, bye-laws, and orders, being reduced into writing, under the common feal of the faid fociety, (hall be binding upon, and ohferved by all parties; and (hall be fufficient, hi any court of law or equity, to juftify all perfons who (hall aft under the fame, provided the fame are not repugnant to the laws of the realm: provided always. That the faid rules, byelaws, and conftitutions, (hall not be binding, unlefs they be confirmed by the next general meeting after they are voted, and (hall not be fubjedt to any alteration in the fame year wherein they have been made.

, XXII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefeid, That no transfer, other than by gift or bequeft, (hall be made of any of the faid ftock, or (hare of or in the faid joint ftock, for the fpace of three years from the tenth of rfuguft, one thousand feven hundred and eighty-fix, but that the fame (hall be abfolutely void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XXIII.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the ca(h of the faid fociety (hall be lodged either in the bank of England, bank of Scotland^ or royal bank of Scotland$ and that no governor, deputy governor, or diredior, nor any proprietor of any (hare or (hares of the foeiety ’s join t ftock, nor any agent? fecretary, clerk, Servant, or perfon employed by the faid fociety, (hall in any cafe retain any fum or fums of money, which (haP have been placed in his, her, or their hands for the ufeof the laid fociety, beyond the fpace of thirty days next after the receipt of the fame, on any account whatfoever, but that every fuch peffon or perfons (hall, within the time aforefaid, pay or caufe

to

Hosted by Go< ie

*786,] Anno viceSmo fe^to GeqRGII III. C. 106.	859

to be paid all aqd every fueh fum or fums of money into one of the banks aforefaid; and that payments of all fueh fums as (hall be ifliied by the faid fociety, (hall be made by drafts under the hands of the governor, or deputy governor, counterfigned by the fecretary or his deputy, and two or more directors, on the faid banks, to fueh perfon or perfons, or to their order, as (hall have performed any work for, or other wife have any demand upon, the faid fociety.

XXIV.	And whereas it may happen that fame perfon or perfons y bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, or truftees, or others, %vbo are feifed of or intitled to lands and tenements% which may be, neceffary to be pur chafed for the purpofes of this aftr may be willing to treat and agree to fell fueh lands and tenements, in order to perfeft fo ufeful and neceffary an undertaking,, but are incapable of granting and conveying the fame by reafon of infancy; or other difability by tailzies, or other-

wife ; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Purchafe mo-it (hall and may be lawful to and for aU bodies politick, corpo- to fame ^ , rate or collegiate, truftees, tutors or curators for infants or mi- ufe8# nors, idiots or furious perfons, or other perfons for whom they are truftees, and for all and every other perfon of perfons whomfoever who are or (hall be feifed, pofleffed of, of intereft-ed in any lands and tenements which the faid fociety (hall judge neceffary for the purpofes aforefaid, whether by titles held in fee Ample or tailzied, to fell and convey to the faid fociety, or their fucceffors, or to fueh other perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint, all or any fueh lands and tenements, or any part thereof, for the purpofes aforefaid ; and that all contrails, 1-greements, fales, or other conveyances that (hall be fo made,

(hall be valid to all intents and purpofes, any law, ftatute, ufage, or any other matter or. thing whatfoever to the contrary thereof notwithftanding; and that all truftees* tutors, or curators, corporations, proprietors, or incumbrancers, fubjedl to tailzies, and all other perfons, are and (hall be hereby indemnified for what they (hail do by virtue of, or in purfuance of this a<3 r provided, that where lands and tenements under entail are pur-chafed for the purpofes aforefaid, the price of the premifes (hall, by authority of the court of feffion, be laid out upon land, or other heritable fecurity, and the rights and fecurities devifed and taken to the fame feries of heirs as are contained in the original title deeds of the fubjedis under entail, purchafed for the ufe$ aforefaid*

XXV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That the book or books in which the accounts relating to the Books to be faid fociety (hall be dated and fettled, and all other matters and to the things relating thereunto, (hall be depolited under the care and ^fpe&?on of cuftody of fueh perfon or perfons as the faid directors (hall from the proprie-time to time appoint at the office of the faid fociety; and every tors, proprietor* at all reafonable times, (hall have free accefs to fueh book or, books, for bis, her, or their infpe&ion.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfom (hall forgs or counterfeit; the feal Counterfeit*

0f mg the feal.

Hosted by Google

86o	Anno	vicefimo fexto Georgii III. C.107.	[1786-

of the fociety, or any deed or writing under the common feal, or (hall demand any money in purfdance of any fuch forged Orf counterfeited deed or writing, either from the fociety or any members or fervants thereof, knowing fuch writing to be forged; with intent to defraud the faid focrety, or any other perfons whomfoever, every perfon fo offending, and being' convi&ed thereof, in due form of law, (hall be judged guilty of felony,' and (hall be tranfported in manner as by law directed, for a term not exceeding feven years*

Limitation of XXVII. And be it further cna&ed, That if any atftion, fuit, actions. or information (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this a<ft, the fame (hall be brought or commenced within fix calendar months next after the fa6l committed, or in cafe there (hall be as continuation of damage, then within fix calendar months next after the doing or committing fuch damage (hall ceafe, and not afterwards 5 and the defendant or defendants in fuch action, fuit. General iflue. or information, (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this a&, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt; and if it (hall appear to have bfeen To done, or if any adtion, fuit, or information, (hall be brought after the time fo limited for bringing in the fame, then, and in fuch cafe, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants, or the court of feflion in Scotland (hall difmifs the faid fuit; if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, purfuer or purfuers, (hall become nonfuit, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their adtion, fuit, or information, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared ; or if a verdidt or judgement of the court of feffiot) in Scot-land (hall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, purfuer or purfuers, or if, upon demurring or otherwife, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defend-Treble cofts. ants, (hall have treble cofts, and (hall have fuch remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in any other cafes by law.

XXVIII. And be it further enadted by the authority afore-u lick act. faid. That this adt (half be deemed and taken to be a publick a<5t 5 and all judges, juftices, and other perfons are hereby required to take notice of it as fuch, without fpeciallv pleading the fame.

CAP. CVII.

j ■

■Jn aft for amending, and reducing into one aft of parliament, the,

'	laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called

England.

Preamble. TT7 H E R E A S a refp eft able military force, under the command VV of officers poffeffmg landed property within Great Britain, is effiential to the conflitution of this realm; and the militia now by law ejlablijhed has been found capable of fulfilling the purpofes of its in-" pitution 3 and through its conjlant readinefs on floort notice, for effectual

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo Jexto Georgii III. C. 107.	861

dual fervice> has been of the utmoji importance to the internal defence of this kingdom of Great Britain: find whereas the laws now in being relating to the militia are inconveniently numerous; and the feve-ral powers and provifons necejfary for raifingy training, and regulating the militia, would be more eaftly executed, if the fame were com-prifed in one aft of parliament: be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mott excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That his Majefty may and (ha 11, from time to time, Tfae ^eu*\ conftitute and appoint lieutenants for the counties, ridings, and co^ntie»° ap-places herein-after mentioned; and the feveral lieutenants fo ap- pointed by P pointed, (hall have full power and authority., and are hereby re- his Majefty, quired to call together, arm, array, and caufe to be trained and to call out the exercifed, fuch perfons, and in fuch manner as is herein-after app^nt^* directed, once in every year; and the faid lieutenants feverally deputies, of-fhall, from time to time, conftitute and appoint fuch perfons as iicers, etc.« they {hall think fit, being qualified as herein-after is dire&ed, and living within their refpe&ive counties, ridings, and places, to be their deputy lieutenants, (the names of fuch perfons having been firft prefented to and approved by his Majefty), and {hall alfo appoint a proper number of colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors; and other officers, qualified as herein-after directed, to train, difcipline, arid command the perfons fo to be armed and arrayed, according to the rules, orders, and directions herein-after mentioned, and (hall certify to his Majefty the names and ranks of all.fuch officers fo appointed; and in cafe his Majefty {hall, within fourteen days after fuch certificate (hall have been laid before him, fignify his disapprobation of any of the perfons fo appointed, it {hall not be lawful for the faid lieutenants to grant & commiflion to any perfon fo difapproved, but commiflions {hall be granted to all fuch perfons fo appointed, who (hall not be difapproved by his Majefty; and the officers fo of appointed for the militia, to be armed and arrayed as herein- °®cers* after direCfed, (hall rank with the officers of fuch of his Majefty’s forces as are liable to ferve out of Great Britain, as youngeft of their rank.

II.	And be it further enaCled, That when the lieutenant of j^tenants3^ any county, riding, or place, (hall be out of the kingdom of Jauyean^ 3 Great Britain, or when there {hall be no lieutenant, it (hall be when the lawful for his Majefty to authorife any three deputy lieutenants lieutenant

of fuch county, riding, or place, to grant commiffions to officers ^ to ferve in the militia for fuch county, riding, or place, upon any vacancy that {hall then happen, in fucn manner as fuch lieutenant could do, and to do all other aCts, matters, and things, which might lawfully have been done by the faid lieutenant, and the fame (hall be good and valid in the law as if done by the faid lieutenant himfelf.

III.	And be it further enabled, That no commiffion of any Commifiiotis

deputy lieutenant, nor any commiffion of any officer in the	re-

militia, already granted, or to be granted by any lieutenant or 0Jth€e

VoL, XXXV*	L	11	deputy	grantor.

'	Hosted	by	Google

County lieutenant to have the chief command of the militia of his county, and to appoint 20 deputies.

Qualification of deputy-lieutenants and officers in England in general.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III.; c. 107# [ 1.78-6.

deputy lieutenants, (hall be vacated by reafon of the revocation, expiration, or difcontinuance of the commiflion by which any fuch lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforefaid was of were

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the lieutenant of every county, riding, or place, (hall have the chief command of the militia within the county, riding, or place to which he Is appointed, and that twenty deputy lieutenants at the leaft (hall be appointed within every county, riding, and place, if fo many can be found qualified as herein-after directed $ but if fuch number of perfons, fo qualified, cannot be found within any fuch county, riding, or place, then as many perfons, fo qualified, as can be found within fuch county, riding, or place, (hall be appointed to be deputy lieutenants for the purpofes of this aft.

V.	And be it further enafted, That all perfons to be appointed deputy lieutenants, or officers of the militia, in purfu-ance of this aft (except within the counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth^ and Wejlmorland, the 1 fie of Ely in the county of Cambridge, the feveral counties and places within the dominion of Wales, and fuch cities and towns as are counties within themfelves) (hall be qualified as follows; (that is to fay) every perfon fo to be appointed a deputy lieutenant (hall be feifed or poflefled, either in law or equity, for his own ufe and benefit, in poffeflion, of a freehold, copyhold, or cuftomary eftate for life, or for the life of his wife, (he having a freehold, copyhold, or cuftomary eftate for her life, or for fome greater eftate, or of an eftate for fome long term of years, determinable on one or more life or lives, in manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or (hall be heir-apparent of fome perfon who (hall in like manner be feifed or poflefled of a like eftate as aforefaid of the yearly value of four hundred pounds: and every perfon fo to be appointed a colonel (hall in like manner be feifed or poflefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of one thoufand pounds, or (hall be heir-apparent of fome perfon who (hall in like manned be feifed or poflefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of two thoufand pounds: and every perfon fo to be appointed a lieutenant colonel (hall in like manner be feifed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of fix hundred pounds, or (hall be heir apparent of fome perfon who, (hall in like manner be feifed or poflefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of one thoufand two hundred pounds: and every perfon fo to be appointed a major, ora captain, (hall in like manner be feifed or poflefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or (hall be heir-apparent of fome perfon who (hall in like manner be feifed or poflefled o* a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of four hundrec poqnds* or (hall be a younger fon of fome perfon who (hall be or at the time of his death was, in like manner feifed or poflef-

Hosted by

Google

%

1786.] Anno vlceiimo fexto GeoRGII III*. C- i07.	£6$

fed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of fix hundred , pounds: and every perfon fo to be appointed lieutenant (ha 11 in like manner be feifed or poffeffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or (hall be poffeffed of a'perfonal eftate alone, to the amount of one thoufand pounds, yor feifed or poffefied of real and perfonal eftate together, to the amount or value of two thoufand pounds, or (hail be fon of fome perfon who (hall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner feifed or poffefied of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or who (hall be, or who at the time of his death was, poffefied of a perfonal eftate alone, to the amount of two thoufand pounds, or feifed or poffefied of real and perfonal eftate together, to the amount or value of three thoufand pounds : and that every perfon fo to be appointed ari enfign (hall in like manner be feifed or poffefied of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, or (hall be poffefied of a perfonal eftate alone, to the amount of five hundred pounds, or feifed or poffefied of real and perfonal eftate together, to the amount or value of one thoufand pounds, or (hall be fon of fome perfon who (hall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner feifed or poffeffed of alike eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or who (hall be, or who at the time of his death was, poffeffed of a perfonal eftate alone, to the amount of one thoufand pounds, or feifed or poffefied of real and perfonal eftate together, to the amount or value of one thoufand five hundred pounds, of which faid eftates required as qualifications for deputy lieutenants, colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, and captains refpe&ively, one moiety (hall be fituate or arifing within the refpe&ive counties, ridings, or divi-fions, in which they (hall be appointed to ferve.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the eftates requifite for Qualification the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia within the counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Mon- and officers in mouthy Wejlmorlani, and Rutland, and within every county and Cumberland, place in the dominion of Wales, (hall be as follows; (that is to &c. fay), A deputy lieutenant (hall in like manner be feifed or poffeffed of,a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or (hall be heir-apparent to a perfon who (hall in like manner be feifed or poffeffed of a like eftate a9 aforefaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds: a colonel (hall be in like manner feifed or poffeffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of fix hundred pounds, or (hall be heir-apparent of a perfon who (hall in like manner be feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of one thoufand two hundred pounds: a lieutenant colonel, or major commandant, (hall in like manner be feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds, or (hall be heir-apparent of a perfon who (hall in like manner be feifed or poffeffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of eight hundred pounds: a major, or captain, Thall in like aanner be feifed or poffeffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the

L 11 2	yearly

Hosted by Google

0

Qualification of deputy lieutenants and officers for Ely.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. Cr 107. [1786.

yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or {hall be fon of a perfon who (hall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner, feifed or poffefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds: a lieutenant (hall in like manner be feifed or poffefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, or (hall be poffefled of a perfonal eftate alone, to the amount of fix hundred pounds, or feifed or poffefled of real and perfonal eftate together, to the amount or value of one thoufand two hundred pounds, or (hall be the fon of a perfon who (hall be, or, at the time of his death was, in like manner, feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of fixty pounds, or who (hall be, or at the time of his death was, pofleffed of a perfonal eftate alone, to the amount of one thoufand two hundred pounds, or feifed or pof-feffed of real and perfonal eftate together, to the amount or value of two thoufand four hundred pounds: an enfign (hall be in like manner feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, or (hall be poffefled of a perfonal eftate alone, to the amount of three hundred pounds, or feifed or poffefled of real and perfonal eftate together to the amount or value of fix hundred pounds, or (hall be the fon of a perfon who (hall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner, feifed or poffefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, or who (ball be, or at the time of his'death*was, pofleffed of a perfonal eftate alone, to the amount of fix hundred pounds, or feifed or pofleffed of real and perfonal eftate together, to the amount or value of one thoufand two hundred pounds: of all which refpe<5live eftates (except thofe for the qualifications of lieutenants and enfigns), one moiety (hall be fituate or arifing within the refpe&ive counties or divi.-fions in which fuch officers (hall be refpe&ively appointed to ferve.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That the eftates requifite. for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia in \\xtljle of Ely, (hall be as follows: a deputy lieutenant (hall be in like manner feifed or poffefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, pf'the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or (hall be heir-apparent of fome perfon who (hall be in like manner feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds: a captain (hall be in like manner feifed or poffefled of a like eftate as aforefaid of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or (hall be heir-apparent of a perfon who (hall be in like manner feifed or poffefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or (hall be a younger fon of fome perfon who (hall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner feifed or pofleffed of 3 like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds a lieutenant (hall be in like manner feifed or poffefled of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, or (hall be poflefied of a perfonal eftate to the amount of fix hundret pounds, or (hall be fon of fgme perfon who (hall be, or at the

tim$

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGH III. C. 107.	S65

time of his death was, in like manner feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly-value of fixty pounds, or who (hall be, or at the time of his death was, pofleffed of a per-fonal eftate to the amount of one thoufand two hundred pounds: an enfign (hall be in like manner feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, or (hall be pofleffed of a perfonal eftate to the amount of three hundred pounds, or (hall be the fon of fome perfon who (hall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly Value of thirty pounds, or who (hall be, or at the time of his death was, pofleffed of a perfonal eftate to the amount of fix hundred pounds: of all which eftates (except thofe for the qualifications of lieutenants anden-figns) one moiety (hall be fituate or arifing within the faid IJle of Ely, or fome other part of the county of Cambridge.

VIII.	And be it further ena<5ted. That in all cities and towns Regulations which are counties within themfelves, and have heretofore been with regard to impowered by law or ancient ufage to raife and train a feparate ^^counties^ militia within their feveral precin&s and liberties, and which wjthin them-are united with, arid made part of any county or counties, for felves. the purpofes of railing the militia only, the lieutenant of every fuch city or town, or, where there is no lieutenant appointed, then the chief magiftrate of fuch city or town (hall appoint the deputy lieutenants within fuch city or town, and (hall alfo appoint officers of the militia, wliofe number and rank (hall be proportionable to the number of militia men which fuch city or town (hall raife as their quota towards the militia of the county to which fuch city or town is united for the purpofes aforefaid; and all powers and provifions made by this a6t, with refpedt to counties at large, and the militia thereof, and the regiftering herein-after dire&ed of the qualifications of deputy lieutenants and officers, (hall take place and be in force, with refped to the faid cities and towns, and the militia thereof, and the regiftering of the faid qualifications; and the value of the refpedive qualifications of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia of fuch cities and towns (hall be as follows; every deputy lieutenant (hall in like manner be feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or (hall be pofleffed of a perfonal eftate alone, or feifed or pof-feffed of real and perfonal eftate together, to the amount or value of three thoufand pounds: and every field officer (hall re-fpedtively be in like manner feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds, or (hall be pofleffed of a perfonal eftate alone, or feifed or pofleffed of real and perfonal eftate together, to the amount or value of five thoufand pounds: and the qualification of a captain (hall be a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, in manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or perfonal eftate alone, or real and perfonal eftate together, to the amount or value of two thoufand five hundred pounds: and tjhe qualification of a lieutenant (hall be a like

L 11 3	eftate

Hosted by Google

Leafes on

Arno vicefimo fexto Georgii HI. c. 107.	[1786.

eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds^* in manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or per-fonal eftate alone, to the amount or value of feven hundred and ‘fifty pounds: and the qualification of an enfign (hall be a like eftate as aforefaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, in manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or per-fonal eftate alone, to the amount or value of four hundred pounds : of all which real eftates refpedlively (except thofe for the qualification of lieutenants and enfigns) one moiety, (hall be fituate or arifing within fuch city or town, or within the county to which fuch city or town is united for the purpofes aforefaid.

.. r , IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the

jiypn pr «AAI	J * *	^

perann to be immediate reverfion or remainder of and in manors, meftuages, deemed equal lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which are leafed for one life, to a qualifica- or for two or three lives, or for any term of years determinable before f^ci*1" uPon ^le ^eat^ °f one life, or °f two or three lives on referved fiecteof 100U rents5 anc^ which are to the leffee or leffees of the clear yearly per ann. and value of three hundred pounds, (hall be deemed equal to an ef-fo proportion- tate herein-before required as a qualification of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion to the feverai other qualifications required by this a<ft.

X.	And be it further enacted. That a perfon poffeffed, either in law or equity, for his own ufe and benefit, in pofieffion, of an eftate for a certain term originally granted for twenty years or more, of an annual value (over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in refped of the fame) equal to the value of fuch an eftate as is required for the qualification of a

qualifications, deputy lieutenant and commiffioned officer of the militia refpec-to be deemed lively, and fittfate as aforefaid, (hall be, and is hereby deemed qualifications. arK} declared to be, fufficiently qualified to a£t in the execution of this a6t. '

XI.	And be it further enadled. That no perfon (hail hereafter be appointed to be deputy lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, or be appointed to a higher rank in the militia than that of lieutenant, until he (hall have delivered in to the clerk of the

Eftates granted for 20 years, of an annual value equal to the value of the eftates herein required for

No commif-fion fuperior to a lieutenant to be granted till

tion^sddiver P^ace tne county, riding, or place, for which he (hall be ap-

ed in

pointed. Or (in the abfence of the clerk of the peace) to his deputy, a fpecifick defeription in writings figned by himfelf, of his qualification, dating the parifh or parilhes in which the eftate or eftates which form his qualification is or are fituate; and the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, (hall tranfmit to the lieutenant of the county,-riding, or place, a copy of fuch defeription; and no commiffion granted after the palling of this a£t, for a higher rank in the militia than that of lieutenant, (hall be valid, unlefs it be declared in the commiffion, that the officer to whom the commiffion is given, hath delivered in his qualification as above directed.

already grant- XII. And be it further ena&ed, That every deputy lieutenant ed to be void and every officer now holding a commiffion as colonel, lieute-unlef8 quali- nant colonel, major, or captain in the militia, who hath not ficationaare	tranfmitted

Commiftions

Hosted by Google

1786.} Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 107.	867

tranfmitted a fpecifick defcription as before directed, of his qua- delivered in lifieation for holding fuch commiffidii, to the clerk of the peace be^rc Jaa* as aforefaid, (hall, within fix months from and after the firft day 17 7* of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, tranfmit •fuch fpecifick defcription of his qualification for holding fuch commiffion to the clerk of the peace as aforefaid,xand the clerk of the peaces or his deputy, (hall forthwith tranfmit a true copy thereof to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, or to the deputy lieutenants, who (hall be authorifed according to the ■directions of this aCt to execute the office of lieutenant 3 and in cafe any fuch officer (hall not tranfmit fuch fpecifick defcription of his qualification as aforefaid to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, within the time before limited for that purpofe, his deputation or commiffion (hall be void, and he (hall be incapable of being a deputy lieutenant, or of ferving as an officer in the militia again in the fame or any higher rank.

XIII.	And be it further enaCted, That the clerk of the peace Qualifications of every county, riding, and place, (hall, and he is hereby re- &c- *° be inquired to enter the qualifications tranfmitted to him according Qa^ett^^and to the directions of this aCt upon a roll, to be provided and kept ijfta to be an-for that purpofe, and to caufe to be inferted in the London Ga~ nually laid, by zette the dates of the commiffions, and names and rank of the the fecretary officers, together with the names of the officers in whofe room they are appointed, in like manner as commiffions in the army menu ^ are publifhed from the war office, and he is hereby authorifed to charge the expence of fuch infertion in the Gazette for each commiffion, to the treafurer of the county, riding, or place, who is hereby directed to pay the fame; and the faid clerk of the peace, or his deputy, (hall, in the month of January in every year, tranfmit to one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of it ate a compleat account of the qualifications fo left with him, and the fecretary of (late receiving fuch accounts (hall caufe copies thereof to be annually laid before both houfes of parliament; and every deputy lieutenant and commiffioned officer not hav- Deputy netting already taken and fubfcribed the oaths, and made, repeated, tenaijts, &c. and fubfcribed the declaration as required by this aCt, (hall, at oaths within fome general quarter feffion of the peace, or in one of his Ma- fix months jefty’s courts of record at Wejiminfter, within fix months after after ap-he (hall have accepted his commiffion, take the oaths appointed pointment. to be taken by an aCt pafled in the firft year of the reign of his majeffy King-George the Firft, intituled, An aft for the further fe-curiiy of his Majefty s p erf on and government, and the fuccejjion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, - being proteftants, and for extinguijhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and Jeer et abettors; and alfo by an aCt paffed in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for altering the oath of abjuration, and the ajfurance, andfor amending fo much of an act of the feventh year of her late majefly ghieen Anne, intituled, An aCt for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as after the time therein limited requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned toperfons indifted of high

L 11 4	treafony

Hosted by Google

868

Penalty on perfons a&-mg, who are unqualified, or who have not delivered in their qualifications*

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii”III. c. 107.	[1786;

treafon, or mifprifidn of treafon; and (hall alfd make, repeat, and fubfcribe the declaration in the (aid a£t of the firft year of King George the Firft dire&ed to be made, repeated, and fubfcribed, by all officers civil and military.

XIV.	And be it further enadted, That if any perfon (hall execute any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by deputy lieutenants, colonels, lieutenant colonels, or majors, not being qualified as aforefaid, or without having delivered in fuch fpecifick defcription of his qualification as is herein-before required, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds; and if any perfon (hall execute any of the powers hereby dire&ed to be executed by captains, not being qualified as aforefaid, or without having delivered in fuch fpecifick defcription of his qualification as is herein-before required, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds; one moiety whereof (hall go to the ufe of the perfon who (hall fue for the fame; and in every action, fuit, orjnfor-mation, brought againft any perfon for acSting as deputy lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, or captain, not being qualified as herein-before directed, the proof of his qualification ^ (hall lie upon the perfon againft whom the fame is brought: Peers or their provided always, That nothing in this adt contained (hall reftrain •ren^mav adt or Prevent anY Peer °f this realm, or heir-apparent of any fuch though not * peer, from being appointed, or adting as a deputy lieutenant, pofiefied of or a commiffioned officer in the militia, within the county, qualifications, riding, or place wherein fuch peer, or heir-apparent of fuch peer, (hall have fome place of refidence, although he may not have the qualification herein-before required ; or to oblige any peer of this realm, or heir-apparent of fuch peer, who (hall be appointed a deputy lieutenant or commiffioned officer as aforefaid, to leave with the clerk of the peace for the county, riding, or place for which he (hall be appointed, any qualification in writing as aforefaid.

rfoScer8who	*lt:	furt^er	enadled,	That the lieutenant of‘any

have ferved ° county> riding, or place, together with any three or more de-five years puty lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the abfence may^whenthe of any fuch lieutenant, any five or more deputy lieutenants, ^bodiedn°be at enc* evei7 ^ve yeafs, at their annual meetings to' <difmified and Golden as herein-after is directed, in cafe the militia of fuch county, riding, or place, (hall not be then embodied, difcharge fome one field officer of each regiment or battalion, and fuch a number of officers of each inferior rank, in each regiment, battalion, and independent company, as (hall be equal to the number of perfons who (hall have given notice in writing to the lieutenant of fuch county, riding, or place, one month at thd lead before fuch meeting, that they are willing to ferve as field officers, captains, lieutenants, or enfigns, as the cafe may require: provided always. That the number of vacancies to be made by discharging fuch officers (hall not exceed one third of fuch officers who (hall have ferved for the fpace of five years in each rank refpedtively: provided alfo, That nothing herein contained

others appointed.

Inferior officers when

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 107.	869

tained (hall prevent any officer ferving, or who has ferved in qualified,may the militia in an inferior rank, from offering himfelf to ferve in hlfiher a higher rank, if he be qualified to ferve in fuch higher rank.

XVI.	And be it further enacted. That the lieutenant of every County lieu-county, riding, and place, (hall from time to time appoint a tenants, and clerk of the general meetings to be holden as herein-after di- appointclSS redted, and may difplace fuch clerk if he (hall think fit, and ap- for their point another in his room; and the deputy lieutenants within meetings, their refpe&ive fubdivifions, or the major part of thofe prefent

at any fubdivifion meeting, (hall alfo, from time to time, appoint a clerk for their fubdivifions, and may difplace fuch clerk if they, or the major part of them, (hall think fit, and appoint another in his room.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That the number of pri- Numbers of vate men to be raifed by virtue of this adt (hall be as follows 5

(that is to fay;)	refpedlively.

For the county of Bedford, four hundred.

For the county of Berks, five hundred aad fixty.

For the county of Bucks, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Cambridge, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Cbejler, with the city and county of the city of Cbejier 1 five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Cornwall, fix hundred and forty.

For the county of Cumberland, three hundred and twenty.

For the county of Derby, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city / of Exeter 1one thou (and fix hundred.

For the county of Dorfet, with the town and county of the town of Pool) fix hundred and forty.

For the county of Durham, four hundred.

For the county of Ejfex, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of GlouceJler, with the city and county of the city of GlouceJler, and the city and county of the city of Brijlol, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Hereford, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Hertford, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Huntingdon, three hundred and twenty.

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Lancajler, eight hundred.

For the county of Leicejler, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, one thoufand two hundred.

For the county of Middkfex, (exclufive of the tower divifion, commonly called The Tower Hamletj), one thoufand fix hundred.

For the county of Monmouth, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Northampton, fix hundred and forty;

For

Hosted by Google

870	Anno vicefim° fexto Georgii III. c* 107. [1786.

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county _of the town of Newcajlle upon Tyne, and the town pf Berwick upon Tweedy five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Nottingham; with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Oxford, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Rutland, one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Salop ± fix hundred and forty.

For the county of Somerfet, eight hundred and forty.

For the county of Southampton, with the tpwn and county of )	.. the town of Southampton, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Litchfield, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Suffolk, nine hundred and fixty.

For the county of Surrey, eight hundred.

For the county of Suffex, eight hundred.

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, fix hundred and forty.

For the county of Weftmorland, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Worcefier, with the city and county of the' city of Worcefier, five hundred and fixty.

For the county of Wilts, eight hundred.

the weft riding of the county of York, with the city and county of the city of York, one thoufand two hundred and forty:

For the north riding of the faid county, feven hundred and twenty:

And for the eaft riding of the faid county, with the town and county of the town of Kingfton upon Hull, four hundred.

For the county of Anglefea, eighty.

For the county of Brecknock, one hundred and fixty.

For the county of Cardigan, one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Carmarthenwith the county borough of Carmarthen, two hundred.

For the county of Carnarvon, eighty.

For the county of Denbigh, two hundred and eighty.

For the county of Flint, one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Glamorgan, three hundred and fixty.

For the county of Merioneth, eighty.

For the county of Montgomery, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverford Wejl, one hundred and fixty.

And for the county of Radnor, one hundred and twenty.

fb^hoMin113 XVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That general meetings of general meet- the lieutenancy of every county, riding, and place, ftiall be ings of Jieute-holder! in fome principal town of every fuch county, riding, nancy. and place; and fuch general meetings fhall confift of the lieutenant, together with two deputy lieutenants at the leaft, or, on the death or removal, or in the abfence of the lieutenant, then of three deputy lieutenants at the leaft of every county, riding,

and

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. 0.107.	871

and place refpedlively; and one fuch general meeting (hall, be holden within every county, ridings and place, annually, upon the iaft Tuefday which (hall happen before the twenty-fourth day of October in e/ery year; and the lieutenant, together with any two deputy lieutenants, or (on the death pr removal, or in the abfence of the lieutenant) any three deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, or place, when and as often as they (hall findneceffary for carrying the purpofes of this a£t duly and fully into execution, may fummon, or caufe to be fummoned, other general meetings of the lieutenancy, on any days to be fixed by l'uch fummons, of which days, and the places of holding fuch meetings refpe&ively, notice (hall be given in the London Gazette, and alfo in any weekly newfpaper ufually circulated in fuch county, riding, or place, fourteen days at the leaft before	»

the days appointed for holding fuch meetings refpe&ively; and! in cafe any annual or other general meeting (hall not be attended by the lieutenant and two deputy lieutenants, or by three deputy lieutenants, as herein-before required, the lieutenant, or any one deputy lieutenant, who (hall attend at fuch meeting, (hall and may adjourn the fame to any other time, and to/ any place within fuch county, riding, or place; and in cafe no deputy lieutenant (hall attend at the time and place appointed for the next meeting, then the clerk of the general meetings, or his deputy, (hall adjourn fuch meeting to any other time, to be holden at. the fame place.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That meetings of the de- Regulations puty lieutenants within the fubdivifions of their refpe&ive forfubdivifioa counties, ridings, and places, fhall be holden as herein-after mee in^8* directed ; which fubdivifion meetings fhall confift of two deputy lieutenants at the lead : provided always, that at any fubdivifion

meeting appointed according to the dire&ions of this acft, where two deputy lieutenants do not attend, it (hall be lawful for any one deputy lieutenant, together with any one juftice of the peace of the county, riding, or place, within which fuch fubdivifion lies, to do all acb, matters, and things, which are by this a<51 directed to be done by deputy lieutenants, at their re-fpe&ive fubdivifion meetings 5 and all fuch a<fts, matters, and things, fo done by any fuch deputy lieutenant and juftice of the peace, (hall be as good, valid, and effectual in the law, to all intents and purpofes, as if they had been done by two deputy lieutenants of fuch county, riding, or place; any thing in this a& to the contrary hereof notwith(landing.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the refpe&ive clerks Clerk to give of the fubdivifion meetings (hall, as foon as conveniently may dWifionmeet-be after any fuch fubdivifion meeting (hall have been appointed, ing8 to the give notice in writing of the time and place of meeting to fuch deputy lieu-of the deputy lieutenants who (hall be refident within fuch tenants, etc, fubdivifion, as he conveniently can, and alfo to the commanding officer of the regiment or battalion, if on adlual fervice, or

(if not oil a&ual fervice) to the colonel thereof, or (in cafe of the abfence of the colonel from.Great Britain) to the next commanding

Hosted by Google

872	Anno	vicefimo	fexto Georgii III. c. 107.	[1786.

manding'officer within Great Britain, and an account of the feveral days fixed for receiving lifts, and for ballotting, and for inrolling the militia men within fuch fubdivifion; and (hall, as foon as the militia men are inrolled, likewife tranfmit to the colonel or commanding officer as aforefaid a lift fpecifying the names, trades, and ufual places of abode of all fuch militia men as are inrolled, and where there are fubftitutes, the'names, trades, and places of abode of the perfons in ^he room of whom they were* inrolled as fubftitutes.

When a fuffi- XXI. And be it further enadted, That if it (hall happen that

donoUttend^ ^lere not aPPear> at any fubdivifion meeting, two deputy anothernfcet* tautenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the ing to be ap- peace, the clerk of fuch meeting (hall, by notice to be given in pointed with- writing to all the deputy lieutenants within fuch fubdivifion, or in 14 days. ]eft at trheir refpecftive places of abode, appoint another meeting to be held, within fourteen days, at the fame place where fuch meeting was to have been holden, fuch notice being given five days at the lead previous to fuch meeting.

Annual meet- XXII. And be it further ena&ed. That the lieutenant and in<fint fubdi- ^ePuty lieutenants, or the deputy lieutenants, at every annual 'vifion meet- meeting to be holden as herein*before directed, (hall appoint ing8, and to the firft meetings of the deputy lieutenants within the feveral require lifts of fubdivifions of their refpeftive counties, ridings, and places, perfons liable which faid firft meetings (hall be appointed to be held as early o erve. afj;er ^ twenty,fourth fay of Oflober in every year, as conveniently may be; and the faid lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or the faid deputy lieutenants, may, if they judge needful, appoint the time and place for a fecond general meeting, and (hall ifiue out their orders to the chief conftables, and where there is no chief conftable, to fome other officer of the feveral hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, within their refpetfive counties, ridings, and places, requiring every fuch chief conftable or other officer as aforefaid, to ifiue an order under his hand to all conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers of every parifh, tything, or place, within their refpe&ive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, to return to the deputy lieutenants within their refpedUve fubdivifions, at the places, and on the days appointed at the firft general meeting in every year, fair and true lifts in writing of the names of all the men ufually and at that time dwelling within their refpediive pariihes, tythings, and places, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years, diftinguifhing their refpedtive tanks and occupations, and where the true names of fuch perfons cannot be procured, the common appellation of fuch perfons (hall be fufficient, and diftinguifhing which of the perfons fo returned labour under any infirmity likely to incapacitate them from ferving as militia men, having firft affixed a Copies of lifts true copy of every fuch lift on the door of the church or chapel to ^ afl^xedh belonging to every fuch parifh, tything, or place, or (if any doore&c.UiC P^ace have no church or chapel belonging thereto) on the door of the church or chagel of fome parilh or place thereto

adjoining,

Hosted by Google

1786.} Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGH III. c. 107.	873

adjoining, on feme Sunday morning before they (hall make fuch return, which Sunday (hall be three days at the lead before the faid meeting, and alfo notice in writing, at the bottom of the faid copy of every fuch lift, of the day and place of fuch meeting, and that all petfons who (hall think themfelves aggrieved may then appeal, and that no appeal will be afterward received ; and on the days, and at the places fo refpedlively appointed Con (tables to as aforefaid, for the returns of the lifts, the conftables, tything- ^onfoa^h*1^ men, headboroughs, or other officers refpe<5lively, (hall attend upon oa and verify the faid returns upon oath; and the faid deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, aflembled in their refpec-tive fubdivifions, (hall (after hearing any perfon who (hall think himfelf aggrieved by having his name inferted in any fuch lift, or by the omiflion of any other name) direcft fuch lift to be amended, as the cafe (hall require, and (hall alfo direct Subdivifion the names of all perfons by this a6t refpedtively excepted from meetings to ferving in the militia, to be ftruck out of the faid lift, and (hall andmake reappoint the times and places for their fecond meetings, within turns to the their refpecfive fubdivifions, and (hall return to the clerk of the clerk of the general meetings, for the ufe of the faid general meetings, cer- general meet-tificates under their hands of the number of men in each in^s’ parifh, tything, or place fpecified in the lift fo amended, and the fame (hall be filed by the clerk for the ufe of the general meetings.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled. That the lieutenant of General any county, riding, or place, together with any three or more meetings may deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the ab- p^fnted^ub-fence of any lieutenant, any five or more deputy lieutenants, may, divifions, etc. at any general meeting holden as before dire&ed, alter the appointed fubdivifions within fuch county, riding, or place, if they

(hall fee occafion ; and alfo may alter the eftablifhed allotment of the number of men in each refpedlive hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other divifion, to ferve in the militia, towards railing, the number of militia men by this act diredled to be raifed for fuch county, riding, or place, according to the numbers contained in fuch refpe&ive certificates laft received from the feveral fubdivifion meetings.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieute- Deputy lieu-nants aflembled at their faid fecond meeting, within any fubdivi- tenants to ap-fion as aforefaid, (hall appoint what number of men (hall ferv#e

for each parifh, tything, and place within fuch fubdivifion, in proportion to the number laft appointed, in the manner herein- ferve for each before dire&ed, at a general meeting, to ferve for each hun- parifh, etc. dred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other divifion, and (hall appoint atre.t?/be another meeting to be holden, within three weeks from the day a ot e or* on which fuch meeting was holden, within the fame fubdivi- -(ion, and (hall iflue out an order to the chief conftables, or other officers of the refpedtive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, requiring them to give notice to the Nconftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every parilh, tything, or place, within their refpedtive hundreds,

rapes.

Perfons cho-fen to take the following

Oath;

and to be enrolled for 5 years.

Perfons cho-fen may find fubftitutes, who are then to be enrolled and fworn.

The oath.

Anno vicefimo fcxto GeoRGII III. c. 107.	[1786.

tapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, of the number of men fo appointed to ferve for fuch parilh, tything, or place, and of the time and place of the next fubdivifion meeting; and the faid deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, affem-bled in purfuance of fuch appointment, fhall caufe the number of men appointed to ferve as aforefaid to be chofen by ballot out of the lift returned for every parifti, tything, or place aforefaid, and (hall appoint another meeting to be holden withirt three weeks in the fame fubdivifion, and fhall iffue out an order to the chief conftables, or other officers of the refpedtive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, to diredfc thfe conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every parifti, tything, or place, to give notice to every man fo chofen to ferve in the militia, to appear at fuch meeting, which noticfe fhall be given or left at his place of abode, at leaft feven days before fuch meeting; and fuch conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, fhall attend fuch meeting, and make a return upon oath of the days when fuch notice was ferved ; and every perfon fo chofen by ballot (hall, upon fuch notice, appear at fuch meeting, and there take the following oath; (that is to fay),,

I A. B. do fincerely promife and fvoear, That I will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to his majejly King George; and 1 do fwear, That 1 am a protejlant, and that 1 will faithfully ferve in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the fame, during the time of five years for ivbich I am inrolled^ unlefs I fhall be fooner difcharged.	;

And every fuch perfon (hall be inrolled (in a roll to be then and there prepared for that purpofe) to ferve in the militia of fuch county, riding, or place, as a private militia man, for the fpace of five years: provided always, That if any perfon fo chofen by ballot (hall produce for his fubftitute a man of the fame county or riding, or of fome adjoining county or riding, able and fit for fervice, who (hall have not more than one child born in wedlock, and who fhall be approved by the faid deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, fuch fubftitute, fo produced and approved, fhall be inrolled to ferve in the militia of fuch county, riding, or place, as a private militia man, for the fpace of five years, and alfo for fuch further time as the militia fhall remain embodied, if, within the fpace of five years, his Majefty fhall order and diredt the militia for which fuch man is enrolled to be drawn out and embodied, as herein-after provided; and fuch fubftitute fhall take the following oath:

I A. B. do fincerely promife and fwear, That 1 will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to his majejly King George; and I do fwear, That I am a protejlant, and that I will faithfully ferve in the tniHtia9 within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the fame9 during the time of five years9 or for fuch further time as

• the

Hosted by Google

1786"] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 107.

the militia Jhall remain embodied, if within the fpace of five years* his MajeJly Jhall order and dir eft the militia to be drawn out and embodiedunlefs I Jhall be fooner difcharged.

875

And any perfon fo chofen by ballot, for whom fuch fubftitute (hail have been fo produced, approved, inrolled, and fwojn as aforefaid, (hall be exempt from fervice in the militia, in the fame manner as if he himfelf had ferved according to the directions of this a61.

XXV.	And be it further enadled, That if, through the neg- If the full ledt or miftake of any chief conftables, conftables, or other offi-

cers, or from any ojher caufe, the full number of men appoint- afrefli ballot ed for any fubdivifion (hould not be duly inrolled at the meet- to be taken, ing appointed for that purpofe, as before diredted, then the deputy lieutenants, at their faid meeting, or any two or more of them, may, and they are hereby required, immediately to caufe the lifts to he amended, and to proceed to a frelh ballot, and to adjourn their meeting, or appoint other meetings, and repeat the amending of the lifts, as may be neceflary and expedient for carrying the purpofes of this a£fc duly and fully into execution ; and it (hall be lawful for any one deputy lieutenant One deputy to adminifter the oath herein-before required to be taken by ™ay admini-perfons to ferve in the militia, to any perfon ballotted, or to	oat^

any perfon offering as a volunteer .under the diredtions of this adt, or to any perfon who, being qualified as this adl requires,

(hall offer to ferve as a fubftitute; and fuch deputy lieutenant is hereby authorifed to diredt and require the clerk of the fubdivifion for which every fuch perfon by whom, the faid oath lias been before him taken is to ferve, to inroll the name of every fuch perfon, together with the date of the day on which the faid oath was fo adminiftered to him, in the roll of fuch fubdivifion.	'

XXVI.	And be it further enad}ed, That if any perfon cho- Perfcms chofen by ballot, according to the diredtions of this ad, to ferve ten and not in the militia (not being one of the people called jQuakers),

(hall refufe or negledt to appear and take the faid oath, and ror ei 10 * ferve in the militia, or to provide a fubftitute, to be approved as aforefaid, who (hall take the faid oath, and fign his confent to ferve as his fubftitute, every fuch perfon fo refufing or negled-ing, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, and at the expiration of five years be liable to ferve again, or provide a ftitute; and in default of payment of fuch penalty, or for war# If penalty be of fufficient effedts whereon to levy the fame, the name of fuch not paid, the perfon (hall be entered on the roll, and fuch perfon (hall be de- compelled^ livered over to Tome proper officer of the regiment, battalion, feryC# or independent company, for which he was ballotted, and lhall be compelled to ferve for fuch term, to be computed from the time of his being apprehended, as any other perfon who (hould	1

be then ballotted for would be compellable to ferve, and (hall be fubjedt to the fame puniftiments, for afterwards abfconding or deferring, as he would have been fubjedt to in cafe he had appeared.

Host-ea by

Google

Per fans herein fpecified exempted from ferving, &c.

lifts for two places may be added together.

Newliftstobe made out when any are loft.

Penalty on -conftables neglecting their duty, See*

Anno viccfimo fexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

peared, and been duly fworn and inrolled as a militia man.

XXVII.	Provided always and be it further enadted, That no peer of this realm, nor any perfon who (hall ferve as a commit, fioned officer in any regiment, troop, or company in his Ma~ jetty’s other forces, or in any one of his Majefty’s cattles or" forts, nor any.non-commiffioned officer, or private man, ferving in any of his Majefty’s other forces, nor any commiffioned officer ferving, or who has ferved four years in the militia, nor any perfon being a member of either of the univerfities, nor any clergyman, nor any licenfed teacher of any feparate congregation, nor any conftable or other peace officer, nor any articled clerk, apprentice, feaman, or feafaring man, nor any perfon muttered, trained, and doing duty, or employed in any of his Majefty’s docks or dock yards, for the fervice thereof, or employed and muttered in his Majefty’s fervice in the tower of London, Woolwich warren, the feveral gun wharfs at Portfmoutb> or at the feveral powder mills, powder magazines, or other ftorehoufes belonging to his Majefty under the direction of the board of ordnance, nor any perfon being.free of the company of watermen of the river Thames, nor any poor man who has more than one child born in wedlock, (hall be liable to ferve perfonally, or provide a fubftitute to ferve, in the militia; and no perfon having ferved perfonally, or by fubftitute, according to the directions of this adt, or any former a<5t or adts, (hall be obliged to ferve again, until by rotation it. (hall come to his turn; but no perfon who has ferved only as a fubftitute (hall by fuch fervice be exempted from ferving again, if he (hall be cho-fen by ballot.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadted. That it (hall be lawful for the faid deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, within thejr refpedtive fubdivifions, to add together, whenfo-ever they (hall think neceffary, the lifts for two or more parifhes, tythings, or places, and proceed upon fuch lifts added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for one parifh, tything, or place, fo as to make the choice of militia men by ballot within every fuch fubdivifion as equal and impartial as poffible.

XXIX.	And be it further enadted, That if the lift of any parifh, tything, or place, (hall be loft or deftroyed, it (hall be lawful for the (aid deputy lieutenants, or any two or mor^|f them, to caufe a new lift in fuch parifh, tything, or place, to ol madeand returned to them at their next fubdivifion meeting,in th»y fame manner as the lift loft or deftroyed was made, and ough^ to have been returned to them, by direction of the general meeting.

XXX.	And be it further enadted, That it (hall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants within any fubdivifion, or any two or more of them, from time to time, to iflue their order or warrant, under their hands and feals, requiring the attendance of the conftable, tythingmari, headborough, or other officer of any pariffi, tything, or place, within fuch fubdivifion, at fuch time

i	and

i fjt6'\ Anno vicefimo feiio Georgii III. c. 107.	877

and place as in fuch order, or warrant (hall be eXpreifed; atid if any fuch conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer,

(hall refufe or uegled to appear according to luch order or warrant, or if any chief conftable or other officer of any hundred, rape, lathv wapentake, or other divifion, or any conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of any parifh, t) thing, or place, (hall refufe or neglefl to return any fuch lift as before direded, or to comply with fuch orders and directions as he (hall from time to time receive from the faid deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, in purfuance of this ad, of (hall in making fuch return be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality or grofs negled, in his duty, the faid deputy lieutenants* or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to commit the perfon fo offending to the common gaol, there to be kept, without bail or mainprize, for the fpace of one month, or at their difcretion to fine fuch perfon in any fum not exceeding five pounds nor lefs than forty (hillings-

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That any perfotl who Sol penalty (ball by gratuity, gift, or reward, or by promife thereof, of of de^urin any indemnification, or by menaces, or otherwife, endeavour procure falfe to prevail on any chief conftable, conftable, tythingman, head- returns, and borough, or other officer, to make A fal'e return of any lift for fol. on perfon s any parilh, rything, or place, or to erafe or leave out of any fuch lift the name of any perfon who ought to be returned to * ferve as a militia man, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds $ and if any pef-fon (hall refufe to tell his chriftian and furname, or (hall falfely tell a chriftian or furname, pretending the fame to be his true chriftian or furname, or (hall refufe to tell the chriftian or furname of any man lodging or refiding within his or her houfe, of (hall knowingly tell any falfe name, pretending it to be the true name of any fuch perfon, to any conftable, tythingman, or other officer authbrifed by this ad to demand the fame, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds,

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That every perfon cho- Perfons

fen by ballot to ferve in the militia (hall be liable to fuch fervice, removed frolit although he may have removed from the place where his name the plate was inferted in the lift, provided he was refiding in fuch place where ballots at the time when the lift was, according to the diredions Of edfor^ele* this jd prepared ; and every perfon liable to ferve in the miliria, bipng more than one place of refidence, lhall ferve for the jnty, riding, or place where his name (hall have been firft |rted in fuch lift as a fore fa id ; and the clerk to the fubdivifion leering to which fuch lift (hall be returned, (hall, if fuch perfon requires the fame, grant a certificate gratis under his hand, that fuch perfon’s name was inferted in fuch lift, and fpecifying the time when fuch lift was made and returned.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That where any parifh

(hall lie in two or more counties or ridings, the inhabitants of bngdng to the fuch pariffi (hall ferve in the militia of that county or riding countywhere-wherein the church belonging to fuch parifh is fituatedy and in the church* Vol, XXXV.	M	m m	tbal is fituate-



Perfons fraudulently bound apprentice, liable to ferve, and the matter to forfeit id.

Two deputy

lieutenants may provide fubttitutes foi quakers, and levy the expence by dif-trd'f, (See.

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 107. • [1786.

that fuch parilh (ball, for all the purpofesof this act, be deemr ed part of that county or riding.	v

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any two or more deputy lieutenants (hall at any of their fub-divifion meetings receive information, or (hall fufpedt, that any perfon whofe name is inferted in any lift, and deferrbed as an apprentice, has been fraudulently bound apprentice, in order to avoid ferving in the militia, it (hall be lawful for them to make inquiry thereof, and to fummon fuch perfons as they (hall think neceflary, to appear before them at fuch time and place as they (hall appoint, and to examine fuch perfons upon oath; and in cafe it (hall appear that fuch binding was fraudulent, in order to avoid ferving in the militia, it fhall be lawful for fuch deputy lieutenants to appoint fuch perfon, fo fraudulently bound apprentice, to ferve as a militia man for the pari(h, tything, or place for which fuch lift (hall have been returned, if there (hall be a vacancy; and if there (hall be no vacancy at that time, then upon the firft vacancy that (hall happen; and the perfon to whom fuch apprentice (hall have been fo bound (hall for fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.'

XXXV.	And be it further enadted. That if any perfon, being one of the people called 'uakers, (hall be chofen by ballot to ferve in the militia, and (hall refufe or neglect to appear, and to take the oath and ferve in the militia, or to provide a fub-ftitute, to be approved as aforefaid, who (hall take the faid oath, and fubferibe his confent to ferve as the fubftitute of fuch qua-ker, then, and in every fuch cafe, any two or more deputy lieutenants (hall, if they (hall think proper, upon as reasonable terms as may be, provide and hire a fit perfon to ferve as a fubftitute for fuch quaker, and fuch fubftitute (hall take the fakl oath, and fubferibe his confent to ferve in the militia, for the fame term, and on the fame conditions, as is herein-before directed in the cafe of fubftitutes produced by perfons chofen by ballot; and any two or more deputy lieutenants may, and are hereby authorifed, by warrant under their hands and feals, to levy, by diftrefs and (ale of the goods and chattels of fuch quaker, fuch fum of money as (hail be neceflary to defray the expence of providing and hiring fuch fubftitute, rendering to fuch quaker the overplus (if any)* after deducing the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale; and if no goods or chattels belonging to fuch quaker can be found fufficient to levy fuch diftrefs, and it fhall neverthelefs appear fatisfadlorily to fuch deputy lieutenants, that fuch quaker is of fufficient ability to pay the fum of ten pounds, then it (lull be lawful for fuch deputy lieutenants to commit fuch quaker to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or main prize, for the fpace of three months, or pntil he (hall have paid fuch fum of money as fuch deputy lieutenants fhall have agreed to pay to fuch fubftitute as aforefaid.; and in cafe any meafures (hall be ufed in making diftrefs as aforefaid, which may be by any fuch quaker thought oppreffive, it (hall be lawful for fuch quaker to complain to the deputy

lieutenants

Hosted by

Google

Ahno vlcefimo fexto GfrcteGit til. c. 167.	iff

lieutenants at their next meeting, who are hereby impcrwered	"

ahd required to hear and ftnalfy determine.the fame.

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled, That where any rate Juftices ttfajr thall have been made for the providing of volunteers, accord- order

ing to the directions of this act, arid the churchwardens or over- °f levy-feers (hall make complaint to a juffice of the peace, that any ingbydiftrefs, Quaker refufes to pay the turn or fum$ of m:&ney he or they (hail wherequakertf be r^ted at, fuch juffice (hall order fuch cofts and charges to be t0 Pa3f. paid for levying fuch diftrefs as he (hall think reafonable, not ratea# exceeding ten (hillings on each of the faid quakers, where there are no more than two, and where there are a greater number than two, not exceeding five drillings on each of the faid quakers: provided always. That no man (ball be deemed, taken, and accepted to be a quaker, within the meaning of this acff, unlefe he (hall produce before the deputy lieutenants, at fome of their fubdivifion meetings, a certificate, under the hands of two or more reputable houfekeepers, being of the people called ghiaters, acknowledging fuch man to be one of their perfua-lion.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacffed, That whenever it fhaH perfoud urifiV Appear to any two or more deputy lieutenants, affembledat any to ferve, wherf fubdivifion meeting, that any perfon chofen by ballot to ferve chofen, may in the militia is unable, by reafon of arty infirmity, or is not of

the full height of five feet four inches, or is otherwife unfit for i^utcnanw. ^

the fervice, and is not' feifed or poflefled of an eftate in land,

goods, or money, of the clear value of one hundred pounds,

and who (hall make oath that he is not feifed or poflefled of

fuch eftate, fuch deputy lieutenants (hall, and are hereby im-

powered and required to difcharge fuch perfon, and immediately

to amend the lift for the place for which fuch perfon (hall have

been ballotted, and to caufe another perfon to be chofen in his

ftead By ballot, according to the directions of this a£f.

XXXVIII.	And.be it further ena&fcd, That whenever any Perfons be-, militia man, after having been fworn and inrolled, (hall become coming unfit urtfit for fervice, it (hall be lawful for the colonel or command- ^tehar^d ing officer of the regiment, battalion, or independent company by tbecca^c to which fuch militia man (hall belong, together With any two manding offi-0r more deputy lieutenants of the county, riding, or place to cer;

which fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company belongs, if the laid regiment, battalion, or independent company* flialI then be within the faid county, riding, or place, or for the commanding officer only, if the faid regiment, battalion, or independent company, (hall be abfent therefrom, to difcharge1 any militia man of his regiment, battalion, or independent company; but another man (hall not be balloted for, in the room which dif* of fuch militia man fo difeharged, until fuch difcharge (hall b0 ^onfirmed Confirmed under the h^nds of two ot more deputy lieutenants by twod^uty of the county, riding, or place to which fuch regiment, batta- lieutenants# lion, or independent cqriipany belongs, affembled at any meeting in the fubdivifion for which fuch militia mkri was inrolled.

Maim %	XXIX,	Arid

$8o	Ahno	vieefitno	fexto	Georgii	III. c. 107# [178^

Vacancies oC-. XXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That when any militia deathC&c^to man (hall,, before the expiration of the term for which he war befilledup by t0 ferve> die, or be appointed a ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, a frefti ballot, in the militia, or be difcharged in purfuance of the fentence of a court-martial, the vacancy thus occafioned (hall be filled up by a fre(h ballot for a militia man to ferve according to the provw fions of this a61, except as is herein-before excepted.

At fubdivifion XL. And be it further enacted, That any two or more of the Iftci^iK8ii,mc5 ^ePuty lieutenants, at their fevtral fubdivifion meetings, (hall., for^in room of an<^ they, are hereby required to ballot for militia men, in the thofe whore room of all militia men a&ually ferving, whofe terras of fervice terms of fer- will expire before the twentieth day of November then next en-vicewillex- fuing the holding of fuch fubdivifion meetings, and (hall at a n^xt^fuiD^	meet*ng>	t0 he holden as foon as conveniently may

be, proceed to inrol the faid ballotted men, or their fubftitutes } and the commanding officer of every regiment, battalion, and independent company, is hereby impowered from time to time? to difcharge any man of his regiment, battalion, or independent company, whofe time of fervice will expire before the twentieth day of November then next enfuing, and to; receive any other militia man in his room, who (hall have taken the oath, and been inrolled according to the directions1 of this act; and every fuch man fo difcharged, if ferving for himfelf, (hall be entitled to the fame immunity frpm further fervice as if he had ferved his full term; and if any fuch man fo difcharged was ferving as a fubftitute, then the perfon for whom he ferved (hall be entitled to the like immunity as aforefaid.

Half the price XLI. And be it further enaded. That in cafe any perfoti 6f volunteers not pofleffed of an eftate in land, goods, or money, of. the clear fons^hofenby Va^ue of five hundred pounds, and who (hall make oath that he-ballot, who 7 is riot poffefled of fuch eftate, (hall be chofen by ballot to ferve are not worth in the militia for any parifh, tything, or place, when the faid 5°ol.	militia is drawn, or ordered out for a&ual fervice, and fuch per-

fon (hall be fworn and inrolled, or (hall provide a fit perfon to ferve as his fubftitute, who (hall be fworn and inrolled, the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of fuch parifti, tything, or place, (hall, on receiving an order under the hands of any two or more deputy lieutenants adling withii? the fubdivifion wherein fuch parilh, tything, or place is fituate, pay to every fuch perfon, fo chofen by ballot, any fuch fum of money, not exceeding the fum which fuch deputy lieutenants (hall adjudge to be as near as may be one half of the current price then paid for a volunteer in the county, riding, or place where fuch perfon was fo chofen, whdfh faid fum of money (hall be taken out of the poor’s rate, to be made as herein-after directed for providing and producing volunteers, or in cafe no volunteers (hall be provided or produced by the churchwardens or overfeers, then out of a rate to be made and colle&ed agreeable to the poor’s rate, as herein-after alfo directed; and in cafe any church-warden or overfeer of the poor (hall refufe or negleft to pay fuch money, upon demand, and the producing of fuch or-

Hosted by Google

1786.] Annd vicefimo lexto Georgii III. c. 107.	'

der, every fuch churchwarden or overfeer, fo refufing or neg-Je&ing to make fuch payment, (hall, for every fuch offende, forfeit the fum of five pounds, one half of which penalty (hall be paid to the perfon fo chofen by ballot, in liey of the fum or-' dered to be paid to him as aforefaid: provided always. That if any man fo chofen by ballot, and ferving for himfelf, (hall, within one month after his inrollment, be difapproved of, and difcharged by the officer commanding the regiment, battalion, or independent company, fuch fum fhall not be paid to the perfon fo chofen by ballot, but (hall be paid, in manner before-mentioned, to the next perfon chofen by ballot in his ftead; and if any fubftitute be difapproved and difcharged in manner aforefaid, then no fuch fum (hall be paid to the man fo chofen by ballot, whofe fubftitute (hall have been fo difapproved and difcharged, unlefs he fhall ferve himfelf, or (hall find another fubftitute, who (hall be approved by fuch commanding officer as aforefaid.

XLII. And be it further enaftcd. That if the churchward- Volunteers ens or overfeers of the poor of any parifh, tything, or place, may be raifed (hall, with the confent of the inhabitants, taken at a veftry, or ™th rhtlc^n‘ at any other meeting to be holden for that purpofe, for the cal- habitants Vnd ling of which veftry or meeting three days publick notice (hall a rate eftab-be given, fpecifying the caufe of calling fuch veftry or meeting, lifoed for pay-provide and produce to the faid deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, at any fubdivifion meeting for phoofing thebount,e8* militia men by ballot, any volunteer or volunteers who (hall be approved by fuch deputy lieutenants, fuch volunteer or volunteers, fo approved, (hall be then and therelworn in and inroli-ed, to ferve for fuch term, and on the fame conditions, as is herein-before provided in cafe of fubftitutes produced by per-fons chofen by ballot; and the faid deputy lieutenants lhall caufe only fuch number of perfons to be chofen by ballot out of the lift returned for fuch parifh, tything, or place, as (hall be then wanted to makeup the whole number to ferve for fuch pa-rifti, tyrhing, or place; and if any fuch churchwardens or overfeers (hall give to fuch volunteer or volunteers any fum or fum? of money, not exceeding fix pounds each, to ferve in the militia for fuch parifh, tything, or place, it (hall be lawful for fuch churchwardens or overfeers to make a rate upon the inhabitants of fuch parifh, tything, or place, according to the rate then made for the relief of the poor, which rate (being approved by any juftice of the peace) it lhall be lawful for fuch churchwardens or overfeers to collect, and to reimburse them-felves fuch fum or fums of money as they (hall have paid to fuch volunteer or volunteers as aforefaid, and the overplus (if any) (hall be applied as part of the poor’s rate; and if any perfon (hall refufe to pay fuch rate, it (hall be lawful for any jufticp of the peace, upon complaint thereof made by any fuch churchwarden or overfeer, by warrant under his hand and feal, to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods ajuj fbattels, returning the overplus, (if any), after the faid rate,

.1 *	m	m	3	and

Hosted by

881	Amo viccfimo fexto Georgii III. c. 107. f 178

a«nd the charges pf fuch diftrefs and fale, (hall be paid ; but no perfpn choifen by ballot who (hall have ferved in the militia, either by himfelf, or by fubftitute, according to the directions of this act, or anytother aft or afts, or who (hall be then ferv-mg himfelf, or by fubftitute, (hall be liable to pay to any fuch rate: provided always, That if any perfon (hall think himfelf aggrieved by any fuch rate as aforefaid, fuch perfon may appeal to the next general or quarter feflions, in like manner as is provided in the cafe of appeals againft rates for the relief of the

p^or.

Juftices may XLIII. And be it further enafted, That if any fervant what*? determine dif- ever, hired by the year or otherwife, (hall be inrolled as a mi-fcrv^nts^en-611 man’ an^ any difpute fball arife between his mafter or mifr roikd as^ili- tre^s> employer or employers, and fuch fervant, touching any tia men, and fum or fums of money due to fuch fervant for or on account pf fthcir meters, his fervice performed before the time of fuch fwearing and inr refpedting	aliment, or to fuch time as, under the conditions of the faid

wages.	/wearing and inrollment, he (hall be obliged to quit the fervice

of his faid mafter or miftrefs, employer or employers, by being called out to join the militia in which he (hall have been fo fworn and inrolled, it (hall and may be lawful, on complaint made thereof, within three months from the time of quitting the faid fervice, to any juftice of the peace for the county, riding, fcity? liberty, town corporate, or place where fuch mafter or miftrefs, employer or employers, (hall inhabit, for fuch juftice to hear and determine every fuch complaint, and to examine upon oath every fuch fervant, or any other witnefs or witnefles, touching the fame, and to make fuch order for the payment of fo much wages to fuch fervant in proportion to the fervice he has performed, as to fuch juftice (hall feem juft and reafonable, provided the fum in queftion do nor exceed the fum „pf twenty pounds; and in cafe of refufalor nonpayment of any Turns fo ordered by the fpace of twenty-one days next after fuch determination, fuch juftice (hall and may iflue forth his and their warrant to levy the fame, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch mafter or miftrefs, employer or employers, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges pf fuch diftrefs and fale.

XLIV. And be it further enafted, That any perfon, who (hall receive money from any other perfon to ferve as his fub-ftitute in the militia, or from any churchwardens or overfeers theVdonot ^	Poor> t0 ^erve as a volunteer as. aforefaid, and (hall neg-

left to appear at the ufual meeting appointed for fwearing the militia men, or before fome one deputy lieutenant, in order to be fworn according to thedireftions of this aft, every fuch perfon fo negleftingto appearand be fworn, being convifted thereof before any deputy lieutenant, or juftice of the peace, (hall be obliged to return the money to the perfon or perfons from whom he received it, and (hall alfo forfeit and pay,' to fuch perfon or perfons, any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings, at the difcrp-lion of the deputy jfeurenant or juftice of the peace before whom \	'	,i; lie,

Penalty on fubftitutes, &c. who do not appear, they do not return the bounty.

Hbsted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 107.	•	S83

he (hall be fo convhfted, 5 and if fucb offender (hall not immediately return the money fo by him received as aforefaid, apd likewife pay the faid penalty, he (hall be committed to the common goal or houfe of corredtion for the fpace of fourteen days, or until the faid fum (hall be returned.	:

XLV. And be it further enadled, Th^t if any perfon chofen Juftices may by ballot to ferve in the militia (hall harve engaged any other order pay-perfon to ferve as his fubftitute, or if any churchwardens or [yTo fubfU-”' overfeers of the poor (hall have engaged any perfon to ferve as a tutes, etc. ac-volumeer as aforefaid, and the perfon fo chofen by ballot, or'cording to a<Sfc fuch churchwardens or overfeers (hall have agreed to pay to the Geo« !• perfon fo engaged, a certain fum for fuch fervice, and (hall, c* l9* after fuch perfon has been inrolled, refufe to pay him the full fum agreed on, it (hall be lawful for any one juftice of the peace, on application made to him, and fuch juftice is hereby required to order fuch fum of money as (hall appear to him to be due to the perfon fo engaged, to be immediately paid to him by the perfon or perfons by or for whom he (hall be engaged to ferve as aforefaid; and fuch juftice (hall proceed therein in the fame manner as is directed by an adt of the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majefty, For the better adjujling and more eafy recovery c f the wages of certain fervent s, and for the better regulating of fuch fervants, and of certain apprentices. - * *	'	*

XLVI. And be it further enadted, That whenever any body When a regtr-of militia (hall be embodied, and abfent from the county, riding, jjg or .place to which it belongs, the commanding officer of fuch Jifoof men body of militia (hall apply to every man whofe time (hall be wilUngtocon-within four months of expiring, and who, in his judgement, tinue to ferve, (hall be fit'to ferve as a militia man, and enquire if he is willing	their

to continue in the fervice for fuch term as any man who fhould	be^

be then balloted to ferve would be fubjedl to, and for what price tranfrnittedby or fum he will continue; and fuch commanding officer (hall, thecomrtand-on the firft day of the months of January, March,	Jub*	*ng officer#

• September, and November refpedfively, or as fooo after as conveniently may be, tranfmit to the clerk of the general meeting of the county, riding, or place, to which his body of militia belongs, a lift of all fuch private militia men in fuch body of militia, as he (hall find willing to continue in the fervice, in which lift (hall be fet down the fums they are refpedtively willing to continue for, and which lift (hall be figned by every- fuch militia man as aforefaid* and (hall be iqade in the following form;

yi&?

M m R14

Dated

Hosted by Google

8$4	Anno	viccfimo	feKto	GpoRGii	III.	C.	107.	[i;R6,

Dated the_____________ day	of

§ 1 c n % 0  n.  Cl	Name8 of the men actually ferving.	o' •+,  315  • ~ c cr r*  •5”	O ■“*» i—•  tr O ci  "Vo  2.  S3	In the hundred of	Time of fer-vice expires on the	Sumfor which they engage ' to ferve.	go f n o5*  O 3  3 P» . ,  3 *?  «-t r&  ' Sv.
	A.	C.D.	P.	H.	-		A. B.
	E. F.	L.M.	4L-	I.			E. F.
■	G. K.		R.	1V.			G. K.

And that the (igning of the (aid roll (hall be binding upon the perfons (igning the fame, to all intents and purpofes whatfpever. InJiftmentoF XLV11. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any office-, fn^th^ftand- (pjeant, or other perfon, (hall at any time wilfully and knowing army to	mjift	any	man	to	ferve	in his Majefty’s other forces, who

be void. at the time of fuch inlifting (hall be inrolled or engaged to ferve in the militia, ^very fuch inlifting (hall be deemed null and void 5 and in cafe any militia rpan, at the time of offering to inlift as aforefaid, (hall deny to the officer, ferjeanr, or other per-^ fon recruiting for men to inlift and ferve in his Majefty’s other forces, that he is (at the time of his offering to inlift) a militia Mi’itia men pian a<^ua^y *nro^ed and engaged to ferve (which the faid offeWng^o^n- °fficer> ferjeant, or other perfon, is hereby required to afk every lift into other man offering to inlift in his Majefty’s other forces), or (hall of-regiments to fer himfelf to be inrolled and ferve in any other regiment, bat-*a^on’ or independent company of militia, every militia man andif°ad:ually offering fhall, on convidiion thereof, upon the oath of one iriliftedpto * Witnefs before any one juftice of the peace, be committed to the ferve in fuch common gaol, or houfe of corre&ion, there to remain, with* regiment out kajj or mainprize, for and during any time not exceeding r^from'the " r*lont^s»over an<^ above any penalty or punilhment to which ipilitia.	• fuch perfon fo offending is or (hall be otherwife liable $ and

,v,“ 1	every perfon fo offending, from the day on which his engage-

ment to ferve in the militia (hall end, and not fooner, (hall be-

long, a$ a foldier, to fuch corps of his Majefty’s other forces into which he (hall liave been fo inlifted ; aqd if any officer, ferjeant, or other perfon fhall inlift any man belonging to the • militia, to ferve in his Majefty’s other forces, knowing him tp belong to the militia, or without afking him if he belongs to the men to forfeit mjjjt;aj eyery fuch officer, ferjeant, or other perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds; and Soldiers offer jf any perfon a<5tually ferving in any of his Majefty’s other forces fubftkutepe ^ °^er himfdfto ferve an<* ke *nro^e<J as a fubftitute in the forfeit iol’ militia, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay, to the perfon informing of fuch offence, the fum of ten pounds, or be committed to the common gaol or houfe of corre&ion, for any time not exceeding three months,

o	XLVin.	And

Perfons fo in lifting militia

Hosted by Google

Anno viceiimo fexto Georcii III. G. 107.'	885

XL VIII.. And be it farther enafted, That if any perfon (hall Perfonsorder* give orders to any ferjeant, drummer, or other perfon.ferving ferie^nt^» in the militia, to beat up in any city, town, or place, for vo- mHUiatb beat lunteers to ferve in the militia, the perfon who (hall give fuch up for volun-orders (hall, upon proof thereof, and of fuch beating up as teers, to for-aforefaid, upon oath, before any juftice of the peace, forfeit lo1* and pay the fum of twenty pounds; one moiety whereof (hall be applied to the ufe of the perfon who (hall make information thereof before any juftice of the peace; and if fuch ferjeant, Serjeants re-drummer, or other perfon, (hall refufe to declare upon oath,	dc*

before fuch juftice, from whom he received fuch orders, it (hall thTmTuch^or-be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required, by war- ders,tobeim^ rant under his hand and feal, to commit fuch feijeant, drum->prifoned. nier, or other perfon, to the houfe of correftion, for any time not exceeding three months.

XLIX. And be it farther enafted, That the clerks of all fub- Rolls fignedat divifion meetings (hall, within fourteen days after every fubdi- ^etin^to vifion meeting, tranfmit to the clerk of the general meeting of be^ranfmitted the county, riding, or place, fair and true copies of fuch rolls to the general as (hall be figned at fuch meeting.	meeting.

jL. And be it further enafted, That the lieutenant of every coun- A ftate of the ty, riding, and place (hall, and he is hereby required to tranfmit to number of his Majefty’s privy council, annually, an account in writing of the Pcrf°ns hable true ftate of the number of perfons fit and liable to ferve in the mi- transmitted C litia for fuch county, riding, or place; and that after the faid account annually to (hall be fo tranfmitted, his Majefty’s privy council (hail forthwith the privy fix and fettle, as near as may be, the number of militia men who council, who (hall for the future ferve for each county, riding, or place, by the the miota for proportion which the numbers fo returned bear to the whole num- each place, her of militia men by this aft directed to be raifed, and to tranfmit and tranfmit accounts of the numbers fo fixed and fettled, to the lieutenants the numbers of the feveral counties, tidings, and places aforefaid; and where Heatenants1^ the number of militia men fo fixed and fettled (hall be greater than the number of militia men who (hall be, by virtue of this aftr appointed to ferve for any county, riding, or place, then, and in every fuch cafe, the lieutenant for fuch county, riding, or place, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the abfence, of the faid lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants (hall, at a general meeting to be holden for that purpofe, appoint what number of militia men (hall ferve for each refpeftive hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other divifion within fuch county, riding, or place; and the additional number of militia men, to make up the whole number fo fixed and fettled as aforefaid, (hall be provided or chofen in the fame manner as other militia men are by this aft to be provided or chofen, and all the additional men, fo provided or chhfen as aforefaid, or their fubftitutes, and alfo all volunteers, (hall take the oath by this ad required to be taken, and (hall be inrolled, or fign their confent to ferve In the militia, in fuch manner as is directed by this aft, and in c^fe of , refufal (hall be fubjeft to the fame penalties as in the like cafes • * ■	!' * • -	-* ;; "	“	'	~	”	’	are

Hosted by Google

8*6

Penalties for refuting to fcrre, &c. to be applied in providing fubftitutes.

Surplus to be a part oF the regimental ' ftock.

Oaths may b admini tiered by county lieutenants, See.

How the militia are to be formed into regiments, and officered

Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

are infli&ed by this a61: provided always, That where the number of militia men fo fixed and fettled as aforefaid (hall be Iefs than the number of militia men who fhall be appointed to ferve for any county* riding, or place, then, and in every fuefi cafe, the faid lieutenant, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or (on the death or removal, or in the abfence of the faid lieutenant) any three or more deputy lieutenants, ill all, at a general meeting to be held for that purpofe, difeharge by ballot, proportionally out of each refpe&ive hundred, rape, lath* wapentake, .or other divifion, fo many militia men as (hall exceed the number fo fixed and fettled as aforefaid.

LI. And be it further enabled, That the money arifing by penalties incurred for refufmg to ferve in the militia, or to find fubftitutes to ferve in their room, (hall be applied, by any two or more deputy lieutenants, within their refpetftive fubdivifions, in providing fubftitutes for the perfons who (hall have paid .fuch penalties, which fubftitutes fhall be fworn in and inrolled to ferve for the fame term, and on the fame conditions, as is hereinbefore provided in the cafe of fubftitutes provided by perfons chofen by ballot; and if any furplus (hall remain, the fame (hall be paid to the colonels or commanding officers of the refpective regiments, battalions, or independent companies in which fuch perfons ought to have ferved as militia men, and be applied as part of the regimental flock.

LII. And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes in the execution of this aft, when any matter or thing is directed to be enquired of or examined into upon the oath of any witnefs or witnefles, before any lieutenant of any county, or any deputy lieutenant or lieutenants, or juftice or juftices of the peace, any fuch lieutenant, deputy lieutenant or lieutenants, or juftice or juftices of the peace, is or are hereby authorifed to adminifter fuch oath to any witnefs or witnefles; and that all other oaths to be taken in pdrfuance of this a<ft fhall and may be refpetftively adminiftered by any lieutenant or deputy lieutenant.

LIII. And be it further enadted, That in the feveral counv ties, ridings, and places, where the number of men is fuffi-cient, the militia (hall be formed into regiments, confiding of not more than twelve, nor lefs than eight companies, of eighty private men to a company at the moft, and fixty private men at the lead ; and the field officers of fuch regiments (hall be as follows; (that is to fay), one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, and one major; and where the number of militia men (hall amount to a number under eight, and not lefs than five companies, fuch militia (hall be formed into a battalion, and the field officers of fuch battalion (hall be one lieutenant colonel, and one major only; and where the number of private men (hall amount tq any number undef five, and not lefs than three companies, fuch militia thall he formed into a battalion with one lieutenant colonel, or major, and no other field officer; and in each regiment or battalion of militia there (hall be one captain, one lieutenant, and one eqfign to e%ch company: prqvided always. That

Hosted by Google

tySf).] Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 107,'	887

it (hall be lawful for every battalion, confiding of five companies, or upward, to have one company of grenadiers or light infantry, to which two lieutenants, (hall be appointed, inftead of one lieutenant and one enfign; and it (hall be lawful for every regiment, confiding of eight companies, or upward, to have one company of grenadiers, and one company of light infantry, to each of which companies two lieutenants (hall be appointed, indead of one lieutenant and one enfign.

LIV. And be it further enadled, That in the feveral coun- How todepeit-ties, ridings, and places, where, the number of militia men (hall cotnp£l not be diffident to form a regiment or battalion, according to formed* ° the intent and meaning of this adt, the militia of fuch counties, which may ridings, and places, (hall be formed into independent companies, thereafter be each company to confid of eighty private men at the mod, and f01?^ into fixty private men at the lead, with one captain, one lieutenant, a Ions* and one enfign to each company; and that his Majefty may, whenever he thinks proper, join together any number of fuch independent companies, and form a battalion ©r battalions, or may incorporate them with any other regiment or battalion of militia, provided the number of companies in any fuch regi-'ment or battalion be not thereby ,made to exceed the number of companies of which a regiment or battalion of militia is hereinbefore diredted to confid.

LV. And be it further enadled, That it (hall be lawful for County lieu-the lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, to adt as colo- and bear pel or commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or inde- rank ascolo-pendent company of militia for fuch county, riding, or place, nels, though for and during fuch time as there (hall not be any colonel or the bodies of commanding officer appointed to .fuch regiment, battalion, or	^°their

independent company, but no fuch lieutenant (hall, at any one commanding time, adt as colonel or commanding officer to more than one officers to that body of militia, whether regiment, battalion, or independent company; and where the lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, (hall take the command of any body of militia not being by this adt deemed a regiment, he (hall be entitled to the rank of colonel, except when the faid company (hall be formed into battalion as aforefaid, but (hall receive no greater pay than the proper commanding officer of fuch body would be entitled to.

LVI. And be it further enadled, That when any colonel or The femo? other commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or inde- officer hi # pendent company, (hall be abfent from Great Britain, all the ^teNnveft^d powers by this adt given to fuch colonel or other commanding the pow? officer (hall be veiled in and lawfully may be exercifed by the ers given to next officer in command in fuch regiment, battalion, or inde- colonels* pendent company, who (hall be refiding within Great Britain, until fuch colonel or other commanding officer (hall be returned to Great Britain, and (hall have notified his arrival to the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or place to which fuch regiment, battalion, or independent. company belongs, and the clerk of the peace is hereby required forthwith, upon receipt of fuch notification, to tranfmit an account thereof to the officer

Hosted by Google

888:	Anno	viccfimo	fexto	Georgii	III.	c.	107%	[1786.

who (hall have been next in command as aforefaid 5 and all ads, matters, and things done by fuch officer* next in command as aforelaid, in exercifing the powers given by this ad to ‘ colonels and other commanding officers, (hall be good and valid in the law, equally as if they had been done by the colonel or commanding officer himfelf.

The rank of	LVII. And be it further enaded. That when a battalion of

be^vento^	ls commanded by a lieutenant colonel, who (hall have >

liemenant co- been commandant of the fame for five years, or longer, it (hall lonels com- be lawful for the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place to mamdant of which fuch battalion (hall belong, with the confent of his Ma-jefty, t0 give to fuch lieutenant colonel commandant a com-miffion of colonel.

LVIII. And be it further enaded, That in all counties where' the number of men are fufficient to form fix companies, but not fufficient to form a regiment, it (hall be lawful for the lieutenant to appoint three perfons, qualified according to the di-redions of this ad, to ferve, with the rank of colonel, lieutenant colonel, and major, but with no higher pay than if they were appointed lieutenant colonel, major, and captain $ and where the number of men fhall be fufficient to form four com-

Bow the militia is to be officered, vthere the msmbers are not fufficient for a regi-tetnU

panies, but not fufficient to form fix companies, it (hall be lawful for the lieutenant to appoint two perfons, qualified as aforefaid, to ferve, with the rank of lieutenant colonel and major, but that only one of them fhall be.entitled to any higher pay than that of captain ; and in all counties and places where-the number of militia men is not fufficieut to form more than two companies, the eldeft captain (hall rank as major, but (hall only be entitled to the pay of captain.

Lieutenants LIX. And be it further enaded, That any perfon duly qua-may beap- lifted as a lieutenant may be appointed to the rank of captain tSiTifeute-^" lieutenant in any regiment or battalion of militia, confiding of nants, where not tefs than fix companies; but that no captain lieutenant (hall, there are fix by the date of his commiflion or otherwife be entitled to rank

companies in above, or to command any captain of a company in the mi-the regiment,	J

Adjutants to LX. And be it further enaded, That his Majefty may and be appointed fhall appoint one proper perfon who (hall have ferved, or fhatt *r°in‘tr embo at l*me	aPPointment	^dually ferve, in fome of his

gS" Majefty’s other forces, or in any body of militia that has been drawn out and embodied, to be an adjutant to each regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, in every county. Rank in the riding, or place, and fuch adjutant, if appointed out of his Ma-army to be jefty’s other forces, (hall, during his fervice in the militia, pre-adjuums, ^ ferve his rank in the army in the fame manner as if he had pon«* * ho may hold tinued in that fervice; and the lieutenant of any county, riding, a fubaPern's or place, may give any fuch adjutant a commiffion of a lieute-to^hnot* nant or en^Sn> though fuch adjutant may not have the qua-qua?ifiedn,°and location required by this ad for a lieutenant or enfign; and it way have the (hall be lawful for tile lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, brevet rank of qu the recommendation of the commanding officer of any regt* captain, &c. t	meat

Hosted by Google

1786V] Anno vieefimo fexto GeoeGii III. c. 107.	8S9

,merit or battalion of militia raifed within fuchxounty, riding, or place, confifting of not Ids than fix companies, to appoint the adjutant of fuch tegiment or battalion to the rank of captain, by brevet, provided fuch adjutant has ferved five jears in the rank of lieutenanr, whether in the militia or in his Majefty’s other .forces, although fuch adjutant may not have the qualification required by this ad for captains: provided always. That no fucli appointment to the rank of captain fhall be valid, unlefs in the inftrument granting the fame it be fpecified in what regiment or battalion, and whether of the militia or of his Majefty’s other forces, fuch adjutant hath ferved in the rank of lieutenant, and what was or were the date or dates of his commilfion or com-millions: provided alfo> That no adjutant fo appointed to the rank of captain fhall, by the date of fuch appointment as'afore-faid, or otherwife, be entitled to rank above, or to command, any captain of a company in the militia, nor fhall, by virtue of fuch appointment, be entitled to receive any greater pay than that of a lieutenant, together with his pay as adjutant.

LXL And be it further enaded, That the colonel, or (where Apavmafter there is no colonel) the commanding officer of every regiment ma7 °eap-or battalion of militia, confifting of more than two companies, battalion o* when fuch regiment or battalion is not in adual fervice, may more than appoint a regimental or battalion clerk, who fhall execute the two compa-office of paymafter ; but where the number of men fhall not be n*e8’>but th* fufficient to form more than two companies, no clerk fhall be fe™ forTkff allowed, but the receiver-general of the land tax fhall pay the number, to money neceflary for fuch number of men to the commanding be paid to* the officer of fuch company or companies, which commanding offl- commanding cer fhall account with the receiver-general for the fame.	° cer#

LXII. And be it further enaded, That no adjutant, furgeon, No adjutant, regimental or battalion clerk, or quarter mafter in the militia, etc. to be fhall be capable of being appointed captain of a company; and ^in of that noperfon hohling the commiflion of captain of a company company,etc. fhall be capable of being appointed adjutant, furgeon, regimental or battalion clerk, or quarter mafter: provided nevertbelefs.

That any battalion clerk may be appointed a captain lieutenant in any regiment or battalion of militia entitled by the provifions of this ad to have a captain lieutenant.

LXIII. And be it further enaded, That no officer who is Half pay of-eii titled to half pay, fhall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit	nf

fuch half pay during the time he fhall ferve as lieutenant, en-. ^ not to * fign, adjutant, battalion clerk, paymaftei*, quarter mafter, or forfeit thei* furgeon, in any regiment, battalion, or independent company half pay, of militia, but that the fame (hall neverthelefs continue; and inftead of the oath direded by the ad for punijhing mutiny, and defer tion^ and for the better payment of the army , arid their quarteri% to be taken by fuch officer, he fhall take the following oath;

. * •

I A. B. do /	wear, That lhad not,between the	Form.of oath

5	■	,	any	place	or	employment of profit, civil

tr	military, under	bis Myejly^	hefsdts my aUomm of half. pay. as a

.	,	reduced	:	»•	a

Hosted by Google

890	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 107.

reduced	in	late	regiment

of	fave and except my pay as lieutenantt

enjign, adjutant, battalion clerk, paymafler, quarter mqfter, or fur-geoHj [as the cafe may be], for ftrving in a regiment of militia:

And the taking of the faid oath fhall, without taking any other oath, be fufficient to entitle fuch perfon to receive his half pay.

Proportion of LXIV. And be it further enacted, That ferjeants, corporals, fioncdofficers atlc* drummers (hall be appointed to the militia, in the following and drum-	proportions (that is to fay), When not in aftual fervice there

mers, when	(hall be one ferjeant and one corporal to every thirty men, and

the iriilitia is when the militia (hall be drawn out into adlual fervice, an ad-fcrvice and** ditiori ^^11 be made, fo that there (hall be one ferjeant and one their pay, &c. corPoral to every twenty men, and when not in a&ual fervice, there (hall be one drummer to every company, with an addition of one drummer for each flank company of regiments or battalions confiding of fix or more companies, and when the militia (hall be drawn out into a&ual fervice there (hall be an addition of one drummer to every company fo drawn out; and the ilaily pay of every fuch ferjeant, corporal, and drummer, (hall bfe as follows (that is to fay). To every ferjeant one (hilling, to every corporal eight-pence, and to every drummer fixpence; and fuch ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, (hall be new cloathed1, when not in actual fervice, once in two years: and all ferjeant* and corporals (hall take the following oath; (that is to fay),

I A. B. do ftncerely promife and /wear, That / will be faithful\ 9 and bear true allegiance to his majefly King George; and I da fwear that I am a protefant, and that I willfaithjully Jerve as a ferjeant, or corporal, [as the cafe (hall .be], in the militia within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the famey until l jhalt be legally difcharged:

Form of the oath to be taken by ferjeants, &c.

Serjeant ma- And the colonel of every regiment or battalion, or (where there jorsand ;s no colonel) the commanding officer of every battalion con*1 tob^appmnt-	four-or more companies, may appoint a ferjeant major

cd.	out of the ferjeants, and a drum major out of the drummers 5

and that all ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, having received any pay as fuch from any regiment, battalion, or independent company, (hall be deemed to be engaged, and compellable to ferve in fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company, un-No publican, t;j they {hall be legally difeharged: provided always, That no offervmg as a Per^on who ^eeP any houfe of publick entertainment, of ferjeant, etc. who fhall fell any ale or wine, or any brandy or other fpirituoiii liquors by retail, (hall be capable of being appointed or ferving as a ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the militia: provided al-A furpicrs of ways. That if it (hall happen that in any#regiment or battalion aboveUie there (hall be a furplus of fifteen men or upwards, after the ap-proportion of portionment of one ferjeant and one corporal to every thirty 30 to 1 corpo- men, fuch regiment or battalion fhali be entitled to have one ral, to entitle	additional

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vtcefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 107.	%

additional corporal, when not in adtoal fervice, for fuch furplns thebattalion number of men.	J.° an addt-

LXV. And be it further ena6fed, That any ferjeant, corpo- r!^na corP°' ral, or drummer, may be difcharged by the colonel, or (where commanding there is no colonel) by the commanding officer (with the con- officers may fent of the captain of the company); and that the captain (with difcharge fertile approbation of the commanding officer) may appoint any	etc.

proper perfon in the room of every ferjeant, corporal, and drum- captains may mer, who (hall die, defert, or be difcharged, all which ferjeants appoint fuo and corporals, fo appointed, (hall take the like oath as is herein- ceffors. before required to be taken by ferjeants and corporals.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in cafe his Majefty’s Extra drum-lieutenant for any county, or the commanding officer of any re- £*rts giment, battalion, or independent company, (hall bedefirous of cians, but keeping up a greater number of drummers than one per com- not at the pany, to be employed as fifers or muficians for the ufe of the expertce of faid regiment, battalion, or independent company, and (hall be ^epubhck. willing to defray the expence of fuch additional drummers, it (hall and may be lawful for the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or independent company, to retain in their xe-fpe&ive corps any number of the drummers who now are employed as fifers or muficians therein, over and above the number of one drummer per company eftablifhed by this a£tr or at any time hereafter to engage any additional number of drummers to a& as fifers or muficians in their refpe<Stive corps; and all fuch drummers fo retained, or in future engaged to ferve in any fuch corps as fifers or muficians, (hall be deemed as drummers of militia within the meaning of this a<5t, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and (hall be fubjeft to the fame orders, regulations, penalties, and punilhments, as other drummers of „ militia are by this a & fubje<5t, and (hall continue to ferve as drummers fo long as they (hall receive the fame pay and cloathing as other drummers have, or better cloathing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

LXVII. And be it further enatted, That any perfon, being Serjeants of a ferjeant on the eftablilhment of Cheljea Hofpital, at the'allow-ance of twelve-pence a day, and being appointed to ferve in the receive their militia, (hall and may receive the faid allowance of twelve-pence allowance a day, together with his pay from the faid militia: and any per- therefrom to-fon who (hall have faithfully ferved as a ferjeant in the militia jhrerW1til for fifteen years, or as a corporal or drummer for twenty years, wliL^/rvice and who (hall be difcharged on account of age or infirmity, entitles fer-fliall, on the recommendation of the commanding officer of the jeants, &c. to regiment, battalion, or independent company, to which he be- datio^o1^ Jongs, and the lieutenant, and two or more deputy lieutenants chellea pen-of the county, riding, or place, to which the faid regiment, bat- fiou, talion, or independent company belongs, or on the death or removal, or in the abfcnce of the faid lieutenant, by the commanding officer, and three or more deputy lieutenants of fuch county, riding, or place, be entitled to examination at the CbeU fea board, and be capable to be placed on the penfion of five.

' v	pence

Hosted by Google

S92

Militia to be exercifed for a8 Fucceffive days annual* ly, and amenable to the mutiny laws.

Notice of the time and place of ex* ercife, to be affixed on the church doors.

Ten days prior to the annual ex-ercife, lifts of the men in-rolled, to be fent to the refpeftive commanding oncers, etc*

Anno vitefimo fexto Georgii lit. c. 107. fi pence per Diem, if the faid board (hould judge him defervmg thereof: provided that no perfon who (hall be appointed a fer-jeant in the militia after the paffmg of this adt, (hall be entitled to fuch recompence, until he fhall have ferved in the militia, Or m the army and militia, for twenty years.

LXVIII. And be it further enadled, That the militia to be appointed as aforefaid (hall be trained and exercifed by regiment, battalion, or independent company, once in every year for twenty-eight days together, in the manner herein-after directed, at fuch time and place a$ (hall be leaft inconvenient to the pub-lick, fuch time and place to be appointed by a general meeting of the lieutenancy, to be holden as herdin-before directed, within every county, riding, arid place, or in default of any fuch meeting being holden, then by the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, or by three deputy lieutenants, authorifed by his Majefty to adt when the lieutenant (hall be out of Great Britain as aforefaid; and during fuch time as the militia (hall be aflembfed for the purpofe of being trained and exercifed, all the claufes, provifions, matters, and things contained in any adl of parliament, which (hall be then in force for the punching mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army. and their quarters, (hall be in force with refpedt to the militia, and all the officers, noncommiffioned officers, and private men of the fame, in all cafes whatfoever, but fo that no punifhmenfc (hall extend to lofs of life or limb.

LXIX. And be it further enadled, That notice of the time and place of exercife of the militia men of each parifh, tything, and place, (hall be fent, by the clerk of the general meetings, ter the chief conftables or other officers of the fcveral hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, with diredtions ta forward the fame to the conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or others officers within their refpedtive hundreds, rapes, lalhs* wapentakes, or other divifions, which conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, (hall caufe fuch notice as aforefaid to be affixed on the doors of the churches or chapels belonging to ttoeir refpedtive parifties, tythings, or places, or (if any place (hall have no church or chapel belonging thereto) on the door of the church or chapel of fome parifti, tything, or place thereunto adjoining; and all fuch militia men (hall duly attend at the time and place of exercife, according to fuch notice.

LXX. And be it further enadled. That the clerks of the fe-veral fubdivifibn meetings, in every county, riding, or place* (hall, ten days at leaft before the time fo appointed for the annual exercife, caufe a full and true lift, fpecifying the name and date of the inrolment of all the perfons inrolled (within each fubdivifion refpedtively) to ferve in fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company, to be tranfmitted to the commanding officer of fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company, or to fuch perfon as (hall be appointed by fuch commanding officer to receive the femes and (lull in like manner caufe a duplicate

Hosted by Google

r?86.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRgii1IL c. 107;	8g$

of fuch lift to be tranfmitted to the adjutant of fitch regiment^ battalion, or independent company.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That at the firft meeting From which for annual exercife that (hall be appointed after the paffing of this a<5b, the commanding officer of each regiment* battalion, or complete C independent company, (hall, on the firft day on which fueh re- number (hall giment, battalion, or independent company is dire&ed to affem- he chofen by ble as aforefaid, and in the prefence of fuch deputy lieutenants a*the and other officers as (hall be then and there affembled, proceed Cxercifc^ to caufe fuch a number of the perfons inrohed to ferve in fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company, to be chofen by ballot out of the lift returned for each fubdivifion, as (hall be equal to two thirds of the coippleat number that ought to be inrolled on the lift of fuch l^ixliviJSofu^ Provided al ways, That where the number of men that ought to be inrolled for aqy fubdivifion, cannot be divided into three equal parts, the two thirds, to be chofen^by ballot as aforefaid, (hall be computed upon the next higheft number that can be divided into three equal parts.	/

LXXIL And Jae^t enafted, That on the day next after fuch ballot, the commanding officer (hall caufe the regiment, bat- regiment/etc! talion, or independent company, to be muftered according to to be mufter-the fubdivifion for which each perfon (hall have been inrolled to ed, etc. ferve, and (hall caufe the jroll of each fubdivifion refpeflively to be publickly called 5 and as the name of each perfon contained therein (hall be read, he (hall declare whether fuch perfon is, or is not (as the cafe may be) ballotted out of fuch roll in the manner herein-before provided.

LXXIII. And be it further ena<5ted, That if any vacancy or Vacancies vacancies fhall happen by the death or difcharge of any perfon be filled up by or perfons fo ballotted as aforefaid, or by the expiration of the ballot at the term for which any perfon or perfons fo ballotted as aforefaid firft meeting, (hall have been inrolled to ferve, the commanding officer of each regiment, battalion, or independent company, (hall, at the next meeting to be appointed for annual exercife after fuch vacancy (hall have happened, proceed to ballot in the manner hereinbefore directed, for fuch further number as (hall be wanting to compleat the full proportion of two thirds of the number, of which fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company, ought to confift.

LXXIV. And be It further enabled, That all and every fuch The men bal» perfon or perfons as the commanding officer of fuch regiment, J^ercifed and battalion, or independent company, (hall declare to have been fo the remainder ballotted out of fuch roll as aforefaid, (hall be trained and exer- difeharged cifed for the time, and in the manner herein-before directed, from attend* during every year for which fuch perfon or perfons is or are in- ance* rolled to ferve; and all and every fuch perfon or perfons as tire commanding officer of fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company, (hall declare to have been not fo ballotted as aforefaid, fhall be difeharged from further attendance during the remainder of the term appointed for the annual exercife.

Vol. XXXV.	N	n	n	LXXV,	Provided

Hosted by Google

S94	Ahnd	vK&fimfc	feitfta	GkorgiiIII. c* 107. [*786.

The men fo < LXX Vi Provided always, and be it enacted. That all and ever>7 ^*9^ perfon orperfons fo difeharged as aforefaid, (ball, toy law,511 during the time he or they fhall remain in the? town or place while they re- where fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company is af-i^ain where fembled, be fubje£t and liable to the fame orders, regulations, the regiment penalties, and punifhments, as the perfons fo chofen to be trained wa em e , an(j exercifed as aforefaid are by this adt fubjedt, unlefs fach perfon or perfons (hall be ufually refident, or have his or their place of abode in fuch town or placev and to appear LXX VI. Provided alfo, and be if ena£ted, That all fuch per-anyTubfe-^ ^ons as he fo difcharged as aforefaid (hall, and they are quent place hereby required perfortally to appfear at any fubfequent time or of exercife. place of exercife, of which due notice (hall be given as required by this a&, and (hall, on default of fuch appearance, be fubjeft to the fame penalties and punifhirients as any other perfon or perfons mrolled to ferve in fuch regirttant, battalion, or mdepen--	dent company, is or may by this or any other adt be fubjedt to.

chofcnbyl^l- ‘LXXVII* And be it further ena&ed, That if arvy inrolled ioti may ferve perfon, not chofen by ballot as afprefaid, (hall offer himfelf as a for fuch as	volunteer to be trained and exercifed in the room of any perfon

are*	fo chofen by ballot, it (hall be lawful for the commanding offi-

cer of the regiment, battalion, or independent company, to accept fuch volunteer in the room of fuch perfon fo ballotted as aforefaid; and fuch perfon fo accepted, (hall be trained and exercifed in the fame manner, and under the fame regulations, and for«the fame term, as if he had himfelf been chofen by ballot as aforefaid.	*

Authority to magiftrates to billet the militia.

Militia men tailing tick on the march to be relieved,

LXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for all mayors, bailiffs, conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief magiftrates, and officers of cities, towns, parishes; tythings, and places, and (in their default or abfence) for any one juftice of the peace inhabiting within or near any fuch city, town, parifh, tything, or place (but for no others), and they or he are or is hereby required to quarter and billet the officers, non-commiffioned officers, and private men ferving in the militia, at the times when they (hall be called out to annual exercife, in inns, livery (fables, alehoufes, victualling houfes, and all houfes of perfons felling brandy, ftrong waters, cyder, wine, or metheglin by retail, upon application made to any fuch mayors, bailiffs, conftables* tythingmen, headboroughs, or pther chief magiftrates, or officers, by his Majefty’s lieutenant, or by the colonel or commanding officer of the militia of the county, riding, or place, where they (hall be fo called out to exercife as aforefaid; and when the militia is not embodied, all mayors and other chief magiftrates, and officers aforefaid, or (in their default or abfence) any one juftice of the peace as aforefaid, may, and they or he are or is hereby required to order and provide convenient lodging, in fuch houfes as aforefaid, for the ferjeants, corporals, and drummers of the militia.

LXXIX. Anti be it further enacted, That in cafe any militia man (hall on his march, or at the place where he (hall be

called

Hosted by Google

i yg&} Anno viccfime fexto Georgii III. c. 107;

called out to annual exercrfe, be dlfabled, by (icknefs or othqr- and the ex-wlfe, it fhall be lawful for any one jjuftice Qf' the peace of the ^nc5*P county, riding, or place, or any mayor or phief magiftrate of* county trea-C any city, town, or place* where fuch m?n fhaU then beV by war- furer/ rant under bis hand and teal, to orde^ him fuch relief as fuch mayor, Or chief magiftrqfe, (half think reasonable, and the fame (hall be given by tne officers of the parifh, tything, or place where ftich militiaman (ball then be; and tne officers giving fuch relief (hall, upon producing an account of the ex-ponces thereof to the treafurer qf the county, ridings or place* for which fuch militia man (hall ferve (fuch account being ffi(t allowed under the hand of a juftice of the peace) be reimburfed fuch expences by fuch treafurer, and he (hall be allowed the fame in his accounts.

- LXXX. And be It further enabled, That when the militia Juftices may ihall be called out to be trained and exercifed, any juftice of the fantsVorVm-peace of any county% riding, or place, being thereuntq required preffipg car-* by &n order from the lieutenant, or from any deputy lieutenant, riages for the of fuch county, riding; or place, or from the colonel, or oth^r militia on U&. chief eommiffioned officer qf any regiment, battalion, company, -or detachment of ml{itia, being within fuch county, nding^ oe	,£	.

place, to ifflie his warrant to tne chief conftables of'hundreds^ rapes, laths, wapentakes, or divifions, or to the conftables, tyr thingmen, headboroughs, or other officers of the feveral parifhes, tythings, or places, from, through, near, or to which any fuch regiment, battalion, company, or detachment of militia fhall be ordered to march, requiring them to provide fuch fufficient carriages to convey the arms, clofhes, accoutrements, powder, match, bullets, and other {lores, with able men fq drive fuch carriages, as fhall be mentioned in the faid order; and in'cafe fuch fufficient carriages and men cannot be provided within any fuch county, riding, hundred, rape; lath, wapentake, divifion, parifh, tything, or place, then any juftice of the peace for any adjoining county, riding, or place, fhall, upon fuch order as aforefaid being (hewn unto him, iffue his warrant to the chief conftables, conftables, tythiqgmen, headboroughs, or other fuch officers of any hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, divifion, parifh, tything, or place within fuch adjoining county, riding, or place, for the purpoffes aforefaid, to make qp fuch deficiency of carriages and men; and fuch lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or colpnel, or other chief eommiffioned officer, requiring fuch carriages and men to be provided as aforefaid, (hall, at the fame time, pay to every fuch chief copftable, conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, for the ufe of the perfon or per-fons who (hall provide fuch carriages and men, the fuiri qf one ^^forfuA (hilling for every mile any waggon with five horfes, and any carriages,^ wain with fix oxen, or with four x>xen and two horfes, (hall re-fpedlivelv travel, and the fum of nine*pence for every mile any cart with four horfes (hall travel, and fq in proportion for any carriages drawn by any lefs number of horfes or oxen, for which refpe&ive fums every chief conftable, conftable, tythingman,

N n n 2	headborough.

Hosted by Google

896	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii	III.	c. 107.	[1786.

headborough, or other officer receiving the fame, is hereby required to give a receipt to the perfon paying the fame; and every fuch chief* conftalde, conftable, tythingman, headborough, or ether officer, (hall order and appoint fuch perfon or perfon9 having carriages within their rejfpedive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, parifhes, tythings, or places, as they (hall think proper, to provide and furnifh fuch carriages and men according to the warrant aforefaid, and every perfon fo ordered is hereby required to provide and furnjih the fame accordingly for one if the expence day's journey, and no more; and in cafe any fuch chief confta-rateTo/car- ^es* cotlfta*D^s> tythingraen, head boroughs, or other officers, rfage, theCfur- be at any charges for fuch carriages, over and above the plus to be paid money which (hall be fo received by them as aforefaid, fuch by the trea- overplus (hall be borne by every county, riding, or place where fuch additional expenee (hall be incurred, and be repaid'to them, without fee or reward, by the treafurer of every fuch county, riding, or place, out of the publick flock.

LXXXI. And be it further enaded. That the colonel or ed out to an*" otber commanding officer of every regiment, battalion, and in^ nual exercife, dependent company of militia, (hall, and is hereby required, as (bate thereof often as the regiment, battalion, or independent company (haW be called out to annual exercife as before diredled, to return, to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place to which the fame belongs, a true ftate of fuch regiment, battaliort, or independent company; and in cafe any fuch colonel or commanding officer (hall refufe or negledt, for fix months after the faid annual exercife, fo to do, he (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

LXXXII. And be it further enabled, That every militia a^or^abfcnt^ m*n (l10* labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him) ingthemfeives who mall not appear at the time and place appointed for annual J““:—	exercife, according to the directions of this acfl (notice having

been publifhed as this a6t requires), (hall be deemed a deferter, and if not taken until after the time of fuch exercife, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, and alfo every militia man who, having joined the regiment, battalion, or independent company to which he belongs, (hall defert or abfent himfelf during the time of annual exercife, and fhall not be taken until after the time of fuch exercife, (hall forfeit and'pay the fum of twenty pounds; and if fuch penalty fhall not be immediately paid, the jufticeofthe peace before whom any fuch militia man (hall be convicted of any fuch offence (hall commit fuch militia man to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the fpace of fix months, or until ,he (hall have paid the faid penalty.

LXXXII I. And be it further en3<5ted, That in cafe any militia man fhall defert or abfent himfelf from his duty, and (hall not return, or be taken within the fpace of three months from the time of his fo deferring or abfenting himfelf, then upon certificate thereof from the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independent company, to the deputy lieutenants at

any

furer of the county, &c.

When the militia is call-

to be fent to the county lieutenant.

Militia men

during the annual exercife, and not taken up till after the exercife, to forfeit sol.

Another man to be ballotted for, if a de • ferter does not return f in three months.

Hoste Google

iySf.'] Anno viceiuno fexto Georgii III. c. 107.	897

any of their meetings for the fubdivifion for which fuch militia

man was inrolled, fuch deputy lieutenants, or any two or more

of them, are hereby required to hold a fubdjjfifion meeting, and

to proceed to ballot for another perfon to ferve and be returned

to fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company, in the

room of every fuch militia man ; and in cafe fuch militia man Deferters 11a-

fhall at any time return or be taken, he (hall; notwithstanding JJeirV™*

any perfon (hall have been chofen in his room, be compelled to when eve?’

ferve in the fame manner, and for the fame term, as if no per- taken up.

fon had been fo chofen in his room.

:	LXXXIV.	And	he	it	further	enadted,	That	if	any	perfon,	Subftitutes^

being fworn and inrolled to ferve as a fubftitute in the militia,

Ihall afterward defert or abfent himfelf from the regiment, bat- thcjr fup talidn, or independent company to which he belongs, every fuch term, when -perfon (hall be liable to, and (hall ferve as a militia man, in fuch ever taken up* regiment, battalion, or independent company, for and during the full term for which he (hall have been inrolled, to be computed from the day on^vhich he (hall be apprehended, and (hall alfo be fubjedl to fuch other penalty or punilhment as (hall be inflidted upon him for fuch offence by virtue of this a<St 5 and Notice of ap-the commanding officer of fuch regiment; battalion, or indepen-dent company, (hall caufe notice to-be given to the clerk of the be fent^o the fubdivifion for which fuch perfon was inrolled, of the day on clerk of the which lie was apprehended, and fuch clerk (hall make an entry fubdivifion. in the roll of the militia men of the name of fuch perfon, and alfo of the time of his being fo apprehended.

LXXXV. And be it further enadted, That all mulkets de- Mulketstobe livered for the fervice of the militia (hall be marked diftindtly, ^arkei1, in fome vifible place, with the letter (M)y and the name of the county, riding, or place, to which they belong; and in cafe any Penalty on militia man (hall fell, pawn, or lofe any of his arms, clothes, or ing arms* accoutrements, or negledt or refufe to return the fame in good order to his captain, or to the perfon appointed to receive the fame, every fuch militia man (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding three pounds; and if fuch militia man (hall not immediately pay fuch penalty, the juftice of the peace before whom he (hall be convidted (hall commit him to the houfe of corredlion for any time not exceeding three months, or until he (hall have paid the faid*penalty.

LXXXVI, And be it further enadled, That if any perfon Penalty on ihall knowingly and willingly buy, take in exchange, conceal, buying arms, or otherwife receive any arms, clothes, or accoutrements, be- c* longing to any militia man, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of thi&adi, the perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of five pounds ; and if fuch offender (hall not immediately pay fuch penalty, and (hall not have fufficient goods and chattels whereon to levy fuch penalty, the juftice before whom her (hall be convidted (hall commit him to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the fpace of three

N n n 3	months,

Hosted by Google

898	Armo vicefimo fexto Georgii III# c& 107.	[	1

months, or (hall caufe fuch offender to be publicity whipped^ at _	,	the. d jfcretlon of fuch juftice*	-

^t^inder 6	And be it further enabled, That when any i*egi-

ftoppages to mepSt?1b|ttalipn, ot independent company {of militia, (hall be buy them ne*. fembled for the purpofe of being trained and excrcifed* it ihall ceflaries, &?• be‘lavy&l(?Qr the captain or commanding officer of every e©m-pany to put the militia men of bis company under ftopphg^s, riot exceeding (ixpence^r day, for the purpOfe of providing them yirith linen, and alfo with (lockings and other heceffariefc, and for defraying the expence of repairing any arms which (hall have been broken or damaged by any fuch militia man’s fieg-fedl: provided always. That every fuch captain or commanding officer (hall account with each militia man for fuch ftoppage, and after having deducted what (hall hav-e been kid out ^nd paid for neceffaries, and for repairing the arms as aforefasd, (hall pay the (urn remaining (if any there (hall be,) into the hands of the%militia man to whom the fame belongs, before fuch militia man (hall be difmiffed from fuch training and exercife.	.	;

LXXXVIII. And be it further enabled. That every adjutant, ferjeant major, ferjeant, corporal, drum major* and drummer of the militia, (hall be at all times fubje<£t to any a6t which (hail be in force for puniihing mutirxy and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and to the articles of war,-under the command of the colonel, or ( where there is mo colonel) the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independent company to which he belongs\ and it (hall be lawful for the colonel, or ( where there is rtp colonel) the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, to direct the holding of courts-martial whenever fuch regiment or battalion fhall be embodied for the purpofe of annual exercife, for the trial of any ferjeant major, ferjeant, corporal, drum major, or drummer of fuch regiment or battalion, for any offence committed during the time fuch regiment or battalion was not embodied, but fo that no punilhment (hall extend to the lofs of life or limb.

Slants and LXXXlXw And be it further enadted, That any ferjeant b^reTuced to or corporal of the militia may, by fentenee of a court-martial, be reduced to the condition of a private foldier of the militia, to ferve as fuch during any time not exceeding fifteen months; after which time, if not regularly re-appointed to the rank of a non-com mi (honed officer, he (hall be difeharged from the fervice. ,

XC. And be it further enabled. That the arms belonging to every regiment, battalion, and independent company, when not embodied, (hall be kept in fuch convenient place as the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) as the commanding officer (hall diredl, with the approbation of the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place.	,

XCJ. And be it further enacted, That one third part at the

leaft

Adjutants, &c. taby be tried by a cbYirt-fnaftikl %’r offences cbAimftted wfreto thfe militia is not embodied.

ferve as privates,

Arms, when not wanted, to be kept in a place to be appointed by the commanding officer.

Hosted by Google

17S6.3	Anno vicefiroo fexto Georgii lit c. 107.	S99

leaft in number of the ferjeantfc, corporals,: and drummers, in One third every regiment, battalion, and independent company, /hall Con?" of the ftantly be refidem within the city, town, Ot place where the torefidewhere arms belonging to fuch regiment, battalion, or, independent the arms are company, are kept, and (hail be under the command of the ad*? kept, jutant, Who {hall a& in fuch command under the orders of the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) of the commanding offif-cer of fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company; and fur^ of the" that the adjutant, and in the abfence of the adjutant the feijeanfc ferjeants, etc. major, (hall make a monthly return of the true date of the fer- to be fent to jeants, corporals, and drummers of the regiment, battalion, cy the county company* federally, to the lieutenant of the county, and the lieutciiam* commanding officer of the faid regiment, battalion, or company, in default of which, on each fbch negledf, fuch adjutant or fer-jeant major {ball be fubjedfc to fuch punifhmentas a court-mar- ger-eantfl etc tial (hall adjudge; and that no ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, agenting € °9 (hall be abfent from fuch city, town, or place, without a regular themfelves furlough From his Colonel, or (where there is no colonel) from without fur-<the commanding officer; and every ferjeant, corporal, and ]ou?hs 1be •drummer, who (hall abfent him felf without fuch'furlough, (hall feert^s. C” ,be liable to be apprehended as a deferter; and fuch adjutant Adjutant not (hall never abfent himfejffrom fuch city, town, or place, with- tobe abfent out leave of the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) of the without leave. Commanding officer of fuch regiment, battalion, br independent . company: provided neveitbelefs, That whenever fuch adjutant ^maaTs" {hall be abfent, with fuch leave as afordaid, then fuch ferjeants, adjutant in corporals, and drummers, {ball be under the command of the his abfence. ferjeant major, or of fome ferjeant, who (hall be appointed by the faid adjutant, with the approbation of the faid colonel, or (where there is no colonel) the commanding officer, to a& as ferjeant major during the abfence of fuch adjutant.

XCII. And be it further enaded. That If any militia man Method of (hall not join the regiment or battalion to which he belongs at proceeding the time of annual exercife, or (hall defert during the time of mat/on^re-annual exercife* and {hall not be apprehended before the expi- ceived of the ration of the time appointed for fuch exercife, and if the com- residence of a manding officer or the adjutant of fuch regiment or battalion, mihtia man, or the commanding officer of tire company of fuch regiment or ^nuaf * battalion* to which inch offender belongs, {ball receive tnforma- exercife, etc. tion of the place where he (hall be or refide, any fuch commanding officer or adjutant may, by writing under his hand, defcribe the perfon of fuch offender, and alfo certify that he did not join the regiment or battalion at the time of annual exercife, or that he defected during the time of annual exercife (as the cafe may be), and fend the fame, by a ferjeant, corporal, or drummer of fuch regiment or battalion, to the adjutant or ferjeant major of . the regiment or battalion oft he county, riding, or place, wherein fuch offender is fuppofed to be or refide; and the adjutant or ferjeant major to whom fuch certificate {hall be fent, (ball direct a party of the ferjeants, corporals, or drummers of the regiment er battafen to which he belongs, to affiff in apprehending fuch

N n n 4	offender*

Hosted by Googl

goo

Method of

proceeding when fer-jeanta, &c. psferj.

Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGH III. c. 107. [1786.

offender, and in conveying him before feme juftice of the peace of the county, riding, or place wherein fuch offender (hall be apprehended; and if, by his confeffion,. or the teftimony of any witnefs or witnefles upon oath, or the knowledge of fuch juftices it (halt appear or be found that fuch perfon is guilty of fuch offence, fuch adjutant or ferjeant major (hall order a party of the ferjeants, corporals, or drummers under his command, to convey fuch offender to the head quarters of the regiment or battalion of militia of the next county, riding, or place, in the way to the county, riding, or place to which fuch offender belongs, and deliver him into the cuftody of the adjutant or ferjeant major of fuch regiment or battalion, who (hall caufe him to be conveyed in like manner to the adjutant or ferjeant major of the regiment or battalion of the next county, riding, or place, and fo in like manner, until fuch offender (hall be delivered into the cuftody of the adjutant or ferjeant major of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, who (hall take him before a juftice of the peace, to be dealt with as this a<ft diredls in cafes of militia men defertingor abfenting themfelves from their duty ; and from the time of his being fo apprehended as aforefaid, until. he is brought before fuch juftice of the peace as aforefaid, fuch offender (hall be fubfifted at the rate of (ixpence per day, from the (locks of the county, riding, or place to which fuch regiment, battalion, or company belongs, for which fubfiftence fuch juftice is hereby required to make an order upon the trea^ furer of the county, riding, or place : and if any ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, (hall defert from the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, it (hall be lawful for any headborough, conftable, or other officer, of the town or place where any per-fon who may be reasonably fufpedled to be fuch deferter (hall be found, to caufe fuch perfon to be apprehended, and taken before any juftice of the peace living in or near to fuch town or place, who is hereby impowered to examine fuch fufpedled perfon ; and if, by his confeflion, or the teftimony of any witnefs or witnefles upon oath, or by the knowledge of fuch juftice, it (hall appear or be found that fuch fufpeded perfon is fuch deferter, fuch juftice (hall forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the common gaol of the county or place where he (hall be found, or the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon, in the town or place in or near to which fuch deferter (hall be apprehended, there to remain until he (hall be demanded by fome perfon or perfons authorifed to receive him as herein-arter dire&ed, and lhall tranfmit an account thereof to the clerk of, the general meetings of the county, riding, or place, to which fuch deferter . belongs; and the keeper of fuch gaol, houfe of correction, or prifon, (hall receive the full fubfiftence of fuch deferter, for his maintenance, during the time he (hall continue in his cuftody, but (hall not be intitled to any fee or reward on account of his imprifonment; and fuch clerk of the general meetings receiving fuch account (hall immediately tranfmit a copy thereof to the colonel or commanding officer pf the regiment or battalion of

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefitno fexto Georgii HI. c. 107.	901

his county or riding, and alfo to the adjutant, or other officer commanding the ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, of fuch regiment or battalion, and where there are more than one regiment or battalion, fuch clerk fhall fend fuch copy to all the colonels or other commanding officers of regiments and battalions, and alfo to all the adjutants, or officers commanding ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, within his county or riding; and the colonel, or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion to which fuch deferter (hall be found to belong, or the adjutant, or officer commanding the ferjeants, corporals, and drummers of fuch regiment or battalion, (hall, and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving fuch copy as aforefaid, to fend any fer-jeant, corporal, or drummer, or any party of the ferjeants, corporals, or drummers of his regiment or battalion, to the place where fuch deferter (hall be fo confined, and (hall alfo fend, by fuch ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, or the ferjeant commanding fuch party of ferjeants, corporals, or drummers, an order, under his hand and feal, to the keeper of the faid gaol, houfe of correction, or prifon, requiring him to deliver fuch deferter to the perfon or perfons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and the ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, to whom fuch deferter (hall be fo ordered to be delivered, in cafe one only (hall be fent on fuch duty, (hall apply to the adjutant or ferjeant major of the regiment or battalion of the county, riding, or place, where fuch deferter (hall be fo confined as aforefaid," and fuch adjutant or ferjeant major (hall order a fufficient party of the ferjeants, corporals, or drummers, under his command, to affifi: in conveying fuch deferter, and he (hall be conveyed to the adjutant or ferjeant major of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, in the fame manner as before directed with refpeCt to the conveying of private militia men to the adjutant or ferjeant major of the regiment or battalion to which they belong; and fuch adjutant or ferjeant major (hall take fuch deferter before a juftice of the peace of the county, riding, or place to which he belongs, who (hall forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the common gaol, houfe of correction, or other publick prifon of fuch county, riding, or place, where he (hall remain, without bail or mainprize, until the regiment or battalion to which he belongs fhall be embodied for annual exercife or for aCiual fer-vice, (which (hall firft happen); and the colonel or commanding officer of fuch regiment or battalion (hall then iflue an order, under his hand and feal, to the keeper of the gaol, houfe of correction, or prifon, where fuch deferter (hall be confined, requiring him to deliver fuch deferter to the perfon or perfons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and fuch colonel or Defertersmay commanding officer is hereby impowered and required to fum-mon and hold a coun-martial for the trial of fuch deferter, in fuch manner, and with the fame power and authority, as (hall * be given and directed by any aCt of parliament which (hall be then in force for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and if upon any

fuch

Hosted by Google

be paid ao3.

$oz	Anno	vicefimo	fexto CEOfcGll III. c. 107. [17864

fach trial fuch deferter (hall bt found guilty, it (hall be lawful; to punifh fuch deferter in fuch manner as fuch court martial (ball, in their difcrerion, think fit, according to the powers and provifions of fuch ad, and of the articles of war, but fo that no fuch puniihment (hall extend to the Jofs of life or limb; and all gaolers and keepers of prifons (hall (if required fo to do by any Jerjeant, corporal, or drummer, employed in conveying any fuch militia man, or ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, fo offending, to the regiment or battalion to which he belongs as afore-faid) receive into their cuftody, and confine fuch offender for fuch time as they (hall be refpedively fo required as aforefaid, Gioiers refit- not exceeding twenty four hours ; and every fuch gaoler or finj? to receive deeper of any prifon,, who (hall refufe fo to do, (hall forfeit the forfeVios. °	^	twenty	(hillings;	and	all fuch ferjeaots, corporals, and .

Serjeants em- drummers, while they are employed in executing fuch duty as ployed in ap- afore faid, (hall be bil letted in like manner as ferjeants, corporals, ^b6ef^rfers or drummers belonging to his Majefty’s other forces, employed to^>eteltetted! 1X1 apprehending and conveying deferters, are to be billetted. perfons ap- * XCIII. And be it further enabled. That the juftice of the prehending peace, before whom any defeTter (hall be convided, (hall and deferters to may ifiue his Warrant to the clerk of the regiment or battalion to which foch deferter (hall belong, or (where there is no clerk) to the commanding officer, requiring fuch clerk, or fuch commanding officer, to pay, out of the ftock of fuch regiment or battalion, the fum of twenty (hillings to the ’perfon who (hall have apprehended fuch deferter; and fuch clerk or commanding officer is hereby authorised and required to pay the fame accordingly upon demand.

XC1V. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon (hall harbour, conceal, or affift any dqferter, knowing him to be deferters, for- fuc^ the perfon fo offending (hall forfeit, for every fuch of-c 5 v	fence, the fum of five pounds.

His Majefty XCV. And be it further enaded, That in all cafes of adual may order the invafion, or upon imminent danger thereof, and in all cafes of em^died fo re^e^ron	in furred ion, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty (the

cafes of inva- oceafion being fir ft communicated to parliament, if the parlia-fion, etc. and orvent (hall be then fitting, or declared in council, and notified commanded by proclamation, if no parliament (hall be then fitting or in being) to order and dired the lieutenants of the faid feveral counties, ridings, ^and places, or on the death or removal, or in the < abfence from their refpedive counties, ridings, or places, of any of them, then any three or more deputy lieutenants, with all convenient fpeed, to draw out and embody all the regiments, battalions, and independent companies of militia within their refpedive counties, ridings, and places, herein-before appointed to be raifed and trained, or fo many of them as his Majefty (hall in his wifdom judge neceffary, and in fuch manner as (hall be beft adapted to the crrcumftances of the danger, and to put the faid forces under the command of fuch general officers as his Majefty (hall be pleafed to appoint, and to dired the faid forces to be led by their refpedive officers.into any parts of this king

dou\

Perfons concealing, etc.

by general officers, 6tc.

Hosted by Google

1^86.3 AMtio videfimo	III.	c.	toy.	903

3om, fot the fepeUing attd prevetttioh Of aiiy fuch in-vafion, and While em-

fbr the ftippreffioo Of any rebellion or tnfurreftioii within this ^°Aiei	^5

realm o$ Great Britain $ and the officers, non-commiflioned articles of C

officer, drummers, and private men of the feverat regiments, war, etc.

battalions, and independent companies Of the militia, (hall from

the time of th-eif being drawn out and embodied as aforefaid,

and ‘until they (hall be returned again, by his Majefty’s orders,

to their refpeftive pari flies br places of abode, remain under the

Command of fuch general officers, and during fuch time as

aforefaid all the provifions contained iti any aft of parliament

Which fhall be then in force for pun lift i ng mutiny and defertion,

and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, (hall

be in force with refpeft to the militia, and (hall extend to all

the officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, and private

men of the militia, in all Cafes Whatfoever.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Not to be or-neithef the whole, or any part of the militia direfted by this Q^eatBrita^ aft to be raifed and maintained, (hall on any account be carried, of ordered to go out of Gnat Britain.

XCVIl. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Ma- When jetty (hall caufe the militia to be drawn Out and embodied as hi^Ma-aforefaid, if the parliament lhall then be feparated by fuch ad- jetty may iifue joUrnment or prorogation Ss will not expire within fourteen a proclama-days, his Majefty may and (hall iffue a proclamation for the tion, for the meeting of the parliament Within fourteen days, and the par- ^rlfaoEnt ill liament (hall accordingly meet and (it upon fuch day as (hall be \A days, appointed by fuch proclamation, and continue to fit and aft, in like manner, to all intents and pufpofes, as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the fame day.

XCVIII. And be it further enafted, That the lieutenant of l^aisordered every county, riding,* and pi&ce, or (on the death or removal to be called of any fuch lieutenant, or in his abfence from his county, ri- out, the ding, or place) any three or more deputy lieutenants, to whom county lieute-any fuch order as aforefaid from his Majefty (hall be direfted, |1^e,0^r8to (hall iffue his or their order to the chief conftables, or other offi- accordingly, cers, of the feveral hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions. Within their refpeftive counties, ridings, and places, with direftiohS to forward the fame immediately to the conftables, tythingmett, headboroughs, or other officers, of the feveral parifheS, tythings, and places, within their refpeftive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, and divifions, and fuch cortftablesj tythingftien, headboroughs, or other officers,* are hereby required, upon receipt thereof, forthwith to caufe notice in writing to be given to the feveral militia men, or left at their ufual places of abode, within their refpeftive parishes, tythings, or places, to attend at the time and place mentioned in fuch order ; and if any militia man fo ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforefaid (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to ferve as a militia man) (hall not appear and march in purfuance of fuch order, every fuch militia man (hall . be liable to dbe apprehended, and puriiftied as a deferter, ac-u	cording

Hosted by GoOglc

904	Anno	vicefimo	fexto GeoRGII III. C« 107. [1786.

cording to the provifions otany a£t which (hall be then in force for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and if any perfon (hall harbour or conceal.any militia man when ordered out intoadual fervice, knowing him to be a militia man, every fuch perfon (hall* for „ every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the Aim of five pounds. Militia offi- XCIX. And be it further enacted. That no officer ferving ©^he°triai of t^le	fit	in	any court martial, upon the trial of

officers of the any officer or foldier ferving in any of his Majefty’s other for-other forces, ces; nor (hall any officer ferving in any of his Majefty’s other forces fit in any court martial, upon the trial of any officer or private man ferving in the militia.

An agent may ,C. And be it further enadled, That when any regiment, be appointed battalion, or independent company of militia (hall be drawn 00* *ntoa<5hial fervice, and during the time they (hall contimje he i& to take *n a<^ua^ fervice, the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) fecurity. the commanding officer thereof, (hall and may appoint an agent to fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company, and (hall take fecurity from fuch agent; and fuch colonel, or (where there is no colonel) the commanding officer, (hall be and is hereby made fubje<S and liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen, from the faid agent or from himfelf, upon account of the pay, clothing, or publick flock of fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company.

When the mi- CL And be it further enabled, That when the militia of any litia is ordered county, riding, or place (hall be ordered out into aftual fervice, out, the re- the receiver general of the land tax for fuch county, riding, or otThelandto P*ace anc* *s ^ere^y required forthwith to pay, to the cap-to pay one tain or other commanding officer of every company of militia fo guinea for the ordered out, the fum of one guinea, for the ufe of every private ufe of each militia man belonging to bis company; and the faid receiver general (hall alfo pay to every captain or other commanding officer of a company as aforefaid the fum of one guinea for every recruit, as early as may be after fuch recruit (hall have joined his company, while out in a&ual fervice as aforefaid (all which money fo paid by the faid receiver general, (hall be allowed him in his account), and the money fo received by any captain or other commanding officer (of fo much thereof as fuqh captain or commanding officer (hall think proper, (hall be laid out in the manner he (hall think tnoft advantageous for the refpe&ive mi-

man.

Captains to account with the men for the fame.

litia men; and fuch captain or commanding officer (hall, before any militia man of his company receives his difeharge, account to fuch militia man how the faid fum of one guinea hath been applied and difpofed of, and (hall pay the remainder of the money (if any) to the faid militia man.

CII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That in paid when the cafe the term of fervice of any perfon fo ballotted and inrolled terms of fer- for any regiment of militia (hall be prolonged, as aforefaid, beyond, the term of five years, then and in fuch cafe the receiver general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which fuch militia man (hall belong, (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the captain, or other commanding officer of

each

Bounties to be

vice are prolonged.

Hosted by Google

1786,] Anno vicelimo fexto Georgii III. c. 107.	905

each company refpediively, the fum of oneguinea for every per-fon whofe term of fervice (hall be fo prolonged; and in cafe fuch term (hall be prolonged for more than three years, then at the expiration of three years he (hall pay the like further fum of one guinea for every perfon whofe term* (hall be fo further pror longed 5 and (hall in like manner, at the expiration of every ad-ditional term of three years, pay the like further v fum of one guinea (all which money fo paid by the receiver general (hall be allowed him in his account) $ and the money fo received by any captain or commanding officer (or fo much thereof as fuch captain or commanding officer (hall think proper) (hall be laid out in the manner he (hall think mod advantageous for each refpec-tivemilitia man; and fuch captain or commanding officer (hall, from time to time, account to fuch militia man how the faid fum or fums have been applied and difpofed of, and (hall, before any fuch militiaman receives hisdifeharge, pay over to him the remainder of the faid money, if any, which (hall not have been fo applied, difpofed of, and accounted for.

CM. And be it further enaded. That, from the date of his Militia embo-Majefty’s warrant for drawing the militia out into aclual fervice, died, entitled the officers and private men of the militia (hall be entitled to the to the fame fame pay, as the officers and private men of his Majefty’s other otherVorces regiments of foot receive, and no other; and if any non-com- Non com-miflioned officer or private man of the militia (hall be maimed miffioned offi-or wounded in a&ual fervice, he (hall be equally entitled to the cer?> €tc: benefit of Chelfea Hof pital with any non-com miffioned officer or private man belonging to any of his Majefty’s other forces. tje(i to\he be-

CIV. And be it further ena&ed, That when the militia, or nefit of Chel-any part thereof, having been fo drawn out into actual fervice fea Hofpital. as aforefaid, (hall be again duly difembodied, and the officers and private men thereof difmifled to return to their feveral pla- t'0liable * qes of abode, the officers, non-commiffioned officers, drum- only to the mers, and private men, (hall be fubjed to the fame orders, di- orders they regions, and engagements only as they were fubjeft to under were before the provifions of this a£l before they were fo drawn out into ac- rawn ou tual fervice as aforefaid.

CV. And be it further enafled, That all the powers given, The powers, and provifions made by this adt, with refpeeft to the county of etc. given to Northumberland, and the militia thereof, (hall extend to the Northumber-town of Berwick upon Tweed, and the liberties thereof (except [^nd^Ber-only in fuch cafes where by this adt it is otherwife exprefsly pro- Upon " vided for); and that out of the perfons returned in the lifts for Tweed, etc. the faid town of Berwick upon Tweed, a number of private mi- and their militia men (hall be chofen by ballot to ferve for the faid town, in of Nor-the fame proportion with the private militia men appointed to thumberland. ferveTor the other hundreds, wards, and other divifions within the faid county of Northumberland; and if perfons can be found within the faid town and liberties thereof, with fuch qualifications as are required for deputy lieutenants and officers, within cities and towns which are counties of themfelves, the chief ma-giftrate of the faid town of Berwick upon Tweed (hall appoint five deputy lieutenant** and fuch number of officers of the militia,

as

Hosted by

Google

go6	Anno	vtcefimo	fextoGEoRen IIL c. 107. f i78S.

as (hall be proportional to the number of militia men which the faid town (hall raife as their quota, towards the militia of the county of Northumberland; and the lieutenant of the faid county, and deputy lieutenants, and all other officers and perfens ading in the execution of this aft* for railing and training the militia within the faid county, are hereby authorifed and required to put this ad into execution within the faid town, and the liberties thereof, but fubjed n^verthelefs to (beh penalties as are inflided upon deputy lieutenants and other officers of the militia for ading not being duly qualified 5 and that the militia men to be chofen for the (aid town (hall join the militia of the county of Northumberland* and be exercifed together, and (hall then, and alfo in time of adual fervice, be deemed part of the militia of the county of Northumberland,

CVI. And whereas the ordering the militia in the Ifle of Wight has always been in the governor or lieutenant governor of the faid Governor of ifland, be it enaded. That after the number of perfons which the Ifle of the faid jfland is to furnifh to the militia of the county of South* point the offi- amPion (hall have been appointed, as by this ad is direded, by cers, etc. for his Majefty’s lieutenant and the deputy lieutenants, or by the that militia, deputy lieutenants of the faid county largo, the governor of etc. who are the faid ifland (hall appoint the officers of the militia to be raifed like thofe for *n the faid ifland, and, (hall and is hereby impowered and re-Wales. quired to ad in the execution of this ad, in the fame manner as his Majefty’s lieutenants of counties are hereby impowCred and required to ad, and (hall appoint five or more deputies to ad with him in and for the faid ifland ; which deputies and officers of the militia (hall be qualified in the fame manner, and are hereby empowered and required to ad in the execution of this ad in the fame manner, and under the fame diredions, provifions, and penalties, as deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, in the feveral counties within the dominion of Wales*

To be raifed a», and deemed a part of, the Southampton militia;

to continue in theifland, un-lefs otherwife ordered by his Majefty. Craike to be deemed part of the North riding of Yorkfhire ; Maker of Cornwall;

are by this ad fubjed to; and the militia of the faid ifland (hall be raifed in the fame manner as the militia of the county of Southampton, and (hall be deemed a part of the militia of the faid county ; and after the fame (hall be fo raifed, the faid governor, lieutenant governor, and deputies, (hall order and di-red the training and exercifmg the faid militia within the faid ifland', in the fame manner as his Majefty’s lieutenants and the deputy lieutenants are by this ad authorised and direded to do in any county within that part of Great Britain called England; and the militia fo raifed within the faid ifland (hall be continued and remain within the faid ifland as an internal defence thereof, unlefs his Majefty (hall otherwife order and dired.

CVIL And be it further enaded, That for the feveral pur-pofes of this ad, the conftablery of Craike* which is a parcel of the county of Durham, furrounded by part of the north riding of the county of York, (hall be deemed to be fituate within, and part of the faid north riding; and that that part of the parifh of Maker, which lies in the county of Cornwall, (hall be deemed to be fituate within and part of the county of Cornwall; and

Hosted by Google

1786.] • Anno vfcefimo fexto Georgii Ilf. c. 107*	907

that the town and parilh of Wokingham (hall be deemed to be Wokingham fituate within, and patt of the county of Berks*- and that the ^yBof townftiip of Filey' (hall be deemed to be fituate within and part rjding of of the eaft riding of the county of York; and that Threapwood Yorkfliire; (hall be deemed to be fituate within, and part of the pariih of Threapwood Worthenbury, in the county of Flint 5 and that the parilh of Saint 5^J^ford 3a-Martin, called Stamford Baron, in the fuburbs of the borough ron^f Lin-and town of Stamford, on the fouth fide of the waters called coln(hire> Welland, (hall be deemed to be fituate within, and part of the county of Lincoln.

CVIII. And be it further enafted, That the feveral towns and tobefub-and places herein-before .mentioned, and deemed to be fituate within, and part of the feveral counties, ridings* and places f^eTieute-aforefaid, for the purpofes of this aft, (hall be fubjeft to the nants, etc. of jurifdiftion and authority of the lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, thofe coua* juftices of the^peaee, and other officers of the refpeftive counties, ties« ridings, and places, within which fuch towns and places are hereby deemed to be fituate; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

CIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no- Warden of thing in this aft contained (hall extend to the tinners in the counties of Devon and Cornwall; but that the warden of the array”e\cTth2 ftannaries, in purfuance of his Majefty’s commiflion in that be- tinners of half, and fuch as he (hall commiffionate and authorise under Devon and him, (hall have and ufe the like powers, and array, aflfefs, arm, ConuvaU-mufter, and exercife the faid tinners within the faid counties, or either of them, as hath been heretofore ufed, and according to the ancient privileges and cuftoms of the faid ftannaries.

CX. And be it further enafted. That the feveral lieutenants The Iieute-who are or (hall be commiffioned for the militia of the city of^ndonto London, (hall continue to lift and levy the train bands and aux- continue to iliaries of the faid city, in manner as heretofore.	lift the train

CXI. And whereas the militia of the Tower dtv if on, in the bands. county of Middlefex, commonly known by the name of The Tower Hamlets, is, and always has been, under the command of his Ma-jejlfs conjlable of the Tower, or lieutenant of tl>e Tower Hamlets, for the fervice and prefervation of that royal fort; be it therefore enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid conftable or lieute- The conftable nant, from time to time, to appoint his deputy lieutenants, and of the tower to give commiflions to a proper number of officers to train and difcipHne the militia, to be raifed within and for the faid divifion pants, etc, for or hamlets, purfuant to an aft of the thirteenth and fourteenth'the Tower years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft Ham Vs, ac-for ordering the forces in the feveral counties of this kingdom, and	t0r&c

to form the fame into two regiments, of eight companies each, z\Ct ^ 4	*

in fuch manner as the faid conftable or lieutenant hath ufed to do; and for defraying the neceffary charges of trophies, and other incident expences of the militia of the fame divifion or hamlets, it (hall be lawful for the faid conftable or lieutenant to continue to raife, in every year, the proportion of a fourth part of one month’s afleffment of trophy money within the faid divifion

Hosted by GoOglC

90$	Anno vicefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 107.' [1786.

vrfion or hamlets, in fuch manner as he hath ufed to do, by virtue and in purfuance of the faid aft of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second.

Deputy lieu- CXII. And be it further enacted. That when and fo often an*i1 r as l*eutenant the faid Tower Hamlets (hall be out of the Unant of the" kingdom, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the deputy lieu-hamlets is out tenants of the faid hamlets for the time being, or the major of the king- part of them, affembled at a publick meeting to be called for dom.	that purpofe, to do all afts, matters, and things, relating to

the faid militia, of the faid hamlets, which might lawfully have been done by the faid lieutenant, and the fame (hall be good Commifllon9 and valid in law, as if done by the faid lieutenant; and that no n°t dt>bd^th	warrant,	or appointment, granted or made to any

of the Heute- (eputy lieutenant, or other perfon, of, for, or concerning the nant.	militia	of the faid Tower Hamlets, (hall be vacated or become

void by reafon of the death or removal of fuch lieutenant of the faid Tower Hamlets.

Conftable to appoint a treafurer of the trophy money, who is to account for the fame yearly, etc. No trophy money for a fucceeding year to be levied, till the account of the former year has been allowed.

CXIIL And be it further enabled. That the faid conftable of the Tower, or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, (hall appoint a treafurer of the faid trophy money, for receiving and paying fuch monies as (hall be levied by virtue of the faid aft of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second; which faid treafurer (hall yearly account, in writing, and upon oath, for the fame to the faid conftable or lieutenant, or his deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, and which accounts for the fame (hall be certified to the juftices of the peace for the faid divifion or hamlets, at their next general or quarter feffions; and that the faid conftable or lieutenant (hall not iflue out warrants for raifing any trophy money, until the juftices of the peace, or the major part of them, at fuch feffions, (hall have examined, ftated, and allowed the accounts of the

trophy money raifed, levied, and collefted for the preceding year, and certified the fame under the hands and feals of four or more of fuch juftices, unlefs in cafes where it (hall appear tp fuch juftices that, by reafon of the death of fuch treafurer, or otherwife, fuch accounts cannot be pafled.

Wardenofthe CXIV. And be it further enafted, That the warden of the cinque ports, cinque ports, two ancient towns, and their members, and in etc. may a as j^s abfence hjs lieutenant or lieutenants, (hall put in execution, within the faid ports, towns, and members, all the powers and authorities given and granted by this aft, in like manner as lieutenants of counties, and their deputy lieutenants, may do, and (hall keep up and continue the ufual number of foldiers in thp faid ports, towns, and members, unlefs he or they find caufe to lefien the fame; and the militia of the faid ports, towns, and members, (hall remain feparate from the militia of the fe-veral counties within which the faid ports, towns, and members are (ituate; and it (hall be lawful for the faid warden, or his lieutenant or lieutenants, in purfuance of orders from his Majefty, in the manner prefcribed by the faid aft of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of King Charles the Second, not-

withftanding

lieutenants, etc. of counties may do. Militia of the ports to remain feparate from the militia of the counties,and may be called out notwith-ftandingthe pay advanced may not have been reim-burfed, etc.

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeoSgh III. C.	909

withftanding one or mors months pay advanced be not reim-burfed, to raife and draw out the foldiers into adtual fervice^ and to caufe the perfons charged as by the faid adt, to provide their foldiers with pay in hand, not exceeding one.monthYpay, in fuch manner as if all the pay advanced and provided had been reitnburfed, and to ufe the like powers, and to array, affefs, and arm, mufter, and exercife, the faid foldiers, and to make affeffments, and iffue warrants for the affeffments made, or to be made, for railing any trophy money, and for defraying the neceffary charges of trophies, and other incident expences of the militia of the faid ports, towns, and members, as hath been heretofore ufed, and according to their ancient privileges and cufloms, any thing in the faid adt, or this adt, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXW And whereas, for the different rapes in the counties of Suffex and Eaft Kent, there are no peace officers who can aft officially for fuch rapes: and whereas the rapes in the [aid counties are the mo ft convenient dijlrifts to be appointed as the fubdivifions for the deputy lieutenants to execute the federal purpofes dir efted by this aft, and do contain within their boundaries feveral hundreds, to each of ivhicb there is a peace officer belonging: and whereas the boroughs and tythings over which there are headboroughs, tythingmen, or other peace officers, are uncertain in their boundaries, and often include parts of various parijhes, from which great inconveniences arife, both in ballot ting for the men to be drawn by lot for the fervice of the faid militia, and alfo in the payment of the money direfted to be paid by the parijhes to thofe who may be allotted to ferve: and whereas it would be more expedient that the ballotling for men to ferve in the faid militia for the counties of Suflex and Kent jhould be by the divifion of parijhes, to ivhicb divifion there are no peace officers: be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and Churchwar-after the laft Tuefday in Oftober next, his faid Majefty’s lieute- dens and # nant, or on his deatfr or removal, or on his abfence, any three Kent andSuf-or more deputy lieutenants of the counties of Suffiex and Kent feXj to make refpedtively, (hall arid may iffue out his or their orders to the returns of chief conftable of the feveral hundreds, in the rapes in the faid men liable to counties where their fubdivifions may^iave been or may be ap- [^have the pointed, diredting fuch chief conftables to iffue their precepts to authority -the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of each parifh hereby grant-within their refpedtive hundreds or other divifions, to return to ed to confta-the deputy lieutenants within their refpedtive fubdivifions, at ^er the place and on the days by them diredted, fair and true lifts, p c 3 in writing, of the names of all the men ufually duelling within their refpedtive parilhes, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, difttnguifhing their refpedtive ranks and occupations, and for fuch feveral other purpofes as are^by this adt diredted to be done and performed by the conftables, tythingmen, headbo-rough, or other officer of each parifh, tything, or place, within their refpedtive hundreds or other divifions ; and that the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the feveral parilhes in the faid counties tor whom fuch orders fhall be iffued, lhall,

Vo*. XXXV,	Ooo	for

Hosted by Google

b

pi®	Anno	vicefimo fexto GeoRGII III. €. 107. [ 17M,

for the purpofes of this aCt, be deemed the officers of fuch parith, and (hall be invefted with all the powers and authorities, and be liable to the feveral pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as the conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of any -	parilh, tything, or place, are fubjeCt and liable to, for or upon

. account of his refufing or negledihg to return fuch lifts as aforefaid, or being guilty of fraud or wilful partiality, in making thereof, or not attending the orders iffued by his Majefty’s lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, refpedively, or for the feveral other offences in the faid recited ad, or in the pre-fent ad. contained,

CXVI. And whereas it may happen, through neglefl or other wife, that infeme county or place the militia way not be raifed, according to the directions of this act; and it is juft and reafonable that all bis Ma~ jeftys fubjeCls jhouId contribute equally toward the expence of raifing and ,	4	fupporting	a	militia	for	the	defence of the kingdom; be it therefore

Certified re- further enacted, That the lieutenant, or any three deputy lieu-mnit1a°j:o be te*lants5 every county, riding, and place, where the militia annually fent (ball be raifed, according to the directions of this ad, (hall, on to the clerks or before the twenty-fifth day of December, in every year, tranfmit a certificate to the clerk of the peace, containing an 0 e e ‘ account of the names, number, and rank of the officers, and the number of private men of the militia, in that year, and the time during which fuch militia hath been trained and exercifed ; and every fuch elerk of the peace dial] deliver fuch certificate to the juftices of the peace, at their general quarter feffion to be held next after the twenty-fifth day of December, in every year# -on the day on which fuch feffion mall be opened, and the fame Where no Thai! be filed amongft the records of fuch feffion ; but where no received^the8 certificate fhall be received by the clerk of the peace as fame is to be aforefaid, he (hall certify the fame under his hand and feal to certified by the juftices fo aflembled, and fueh certificate of the faid clerk of the clerk of the p€ace (hall be filed by him amongft the records of fuch the peace. fefllon.

5I. per man CXVII. And be it further ena&ed, That in every county for thermal- ancj pjace where no fuch certificate (hall be tranfmitteid to the ed^tobeaffef- c^er^ °f the peace as aforefaid, the fum of five pounds (hall be fed annually annually paid for and in lieu of every private militia man by on places this a£t directed to be raifed within the fame county or places fjr° f1 Thence and the juftices of the peace (hall and are hereby requited, at turne^efent. their ^ generaI quarter feffion, to rate and affefs the fum of * five pounds per man as aforefaid upon every fuch county or -place, in fuch manner, and according to fuch and the feme proportions, upon every town, parilh, and divifion within fuch county or place, and the fame (hall be levied, collected* received, paid, and accounted for in fuch manner, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers of diftfefs, and other remedies for enforcing the collection and payment ■thereof, and for punifhing all perfons whofe duty it (hall be to collect or account for the fame, who (hall make default therein, as are directed with refpeCt to county rates by an aCt

nad*

Hosted by

Google

iySSJ] Anno vlib^imo fextoIII* 10f.	911

made in the twelfth year of the reig^i of his late Majefty, intituled, An att for the eafy affejftngyjx I fatting, and levying ef xoutrty rates, or by any other a£ or a&s of $athament: provided al- No perfon ways, That no perfOn refiding or having an eftate within any fuch county or placfc,who (hall have ferved as an officer in any *8 ?n officer^ body of tnilitia raifed within this kingdom for the fpace of four to bear any * years, or who fhall be then adualFy ferving as an officer in the part of the militia, (hall be liable to pay any part or (hare of fuch rate or : affeffinent to be made as aforefaid, provided fuch perfon fhall mcn * have delivered a Certificate of fuch fervice to the clerk of the peace for the county or place wherein he (hall claim fuch exemption, and alfo a roll or lift of his tenants, and the places of their abode; which Certificate, and roll or lift, (hall be figned by fuch perfon, grid every fuch clerk of the peace (hall forthwith file fuch certificate, roll, and lift, amongft the records of the quarter leflionand whenever the faid rate or affeflment (hall be ordered to be raifed within fuch county or place, fuch clerk of the peace (hall certify to the high conftables of every fuch county or place the names of ali perfons whofe certificate fhall have been fo filed, and who (hall have claimed fuch exemption as aforefaid, arid the names of their tenants,' fo inserted iti fuch roll or lift, and fuch high conftables ar£ hereby required to trarifmk fuch certificate, and roll or lift, to the petty conftabte of every tbwnfhip or place wherein the lands, tenements, or hereditaments of fuch perfon claiming to bt exempted are fituate, in order that the fable may not be affeffed or charged to fuch rate or afleflment.

CXVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That in all cafes where How the af-a certain number of militia men are dire&ed to be raifed for fefTment (hall any cbunty, together with any city or town being a county of ^ between11* itfelf, arid the militia (hall riot be raifed for fuch county arid counties, and city, or town, the payment of the faid fum of five pounds per cities being man upon the whole number of militia men fo dire&ed to be counties of raifed as aforefaid (hall be divided and apportioned between ^emfdves. fuch county, and fuch city or town, in fuch proportion as the refpedtive quotas paid to the land tax for fuch county, and city or town, refpedtively bear to each other, unlefs the apportionment of the number of fuch militia men (hall adlually have been made in purfuance of the lifts directed to be returned by this ain which cafe the faid fum of five pounds per man (hall be borne by fuch county, arid by fuch city or town, in fuch proportions as the rCfpe&ive numbers of militia men, fo apportioned to be raifed by fuch county, and by fuch city or town, bear to each other.

CXIX. And whereas there are feveral cities, towns, and places, which do not contribute to the payment of the faid rate called The County Rate; and doubts may arife whether fuch cities, towns, and places tan be legally rated or ajfejfed towards the payment of the rate or ajjejfment to be laid in pur fiance of this att ; be it therefore enacted, Thait ift all cafes where the militia (hall not be raifed Where there within any city, fdtfri* or place; not rated to the. county rate, ^

Q 0 0 2 .	the	ra	es* €

Hosted by Google

giz	Anno vkefimo fexto Georgii III. C. 107. [1786.

feflment to be the proportion of the faid fum of five pounds per man, to be

roorV rates6 b°rne by fuch city, town, or place, (hall be railed, levied, and poor 8 ra s C0]je(c^e^ within fuch city, town, or place, by a feparate rate or

affeffment, in like manner, by the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, and by fuch and the like ways and means as the rates for the relief of the poor can or may be raifed, levied, and colle&ed, and fuch churchwardens and overfeers of the poor (hall, from time to time, pay over the fame to the treafurer of the county with which fuch city, town or place (hall be joined or united for the purpofe of raifing the militia.

Where a town	CXX. Jnd whereas there are fome towns which lie in Wjo coun~

countie8V<the ties; ^^doubts may arife whether fuch towns are obliged to pay to money aflef- both counties towards raifing the faid money \ be it therefore fur-fed to be paid ther enailed, Thatwhere any town lies in two counties, the to thetreafur* proportion of the faid money to be paid for fuch town, in lieu unt^C of railing the militia as aforefaid, (hall be paid to the treafurer wherein the of the county wherein the church of fuch town is fituate. churchftands, CXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any fum of money IftheaffelT- which ought to be paid by any city, town, or place, not rated ment for a to the county rate as aforefaid, (hall not be paid to the treafurer there are^o	county	or	place as aforefaid, before the firft day of June,

countv rates ’n every year, the juftices of the peace for fuch county or place be not paid, it (hall, at their next Midfummer quarter fetlion, iflue out an order may be levied to the overfeers of the poor of every parilh or place within fuch by the juftices, c*lty5 tQVVrij or plac^ requiring fuch overfeers to certify and return to the faid juftices, at the next Michaelmas quarter feffion, the feveral quotas that every parilh or divifion within fuch city, town, or place, pays to the land tax for that year, and fuch overfeers of the poor are hereby required to make fuch certificate and return accordingly < and upon fuch certificate and return being made, the faid juftices fo aflembled at their Michaelmas quarter feffion are hereby required (by their warrant dire&ed to any conftable or tythingman of every fuch parifh and divifion) to caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and faie of the goods and chattels of the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of every fuch parifh and divifion, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owners of fuch goods and chattels, after fuch money, and the reasonable charges attending fuch diftrefs and Sale, (hall be folly paid and fatisfied; and all fuch churchwardens and overfeers of the poor (hall be reimburfed the money fo levied on them refpe&ively by the fame ways and means as overfeers of the poor are reimburfed the money by them expended for the relief of the poor, by the laws now in being.	i	’

Treafurer to CXXII. And be it further ena<fted, That the treafurer for pay the afieffi-every county or place, who (hall receive the (aid fum of five pounds per man as aforefaid, or any part thereof, is hereby re-the^and tax ftuired to pay the money he (hall fo receive to the receiver for the coun- general of the land tax for fuch county or place, within one ca-ty	lendar month after he (hall receive the fame; and every receiver

general of the land tax; to whom any fuch money (hall be paid,

(hall

Hosted by Google.

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GeorIgii III. c. foy'. 913’

(hall give a receipt for fuch money to the perfon or perfons paying the fame, which receipt (hall be a fufficient difcharge for fuch payment; and that-when’ the whole fum direCled to be raifed in any county or plate as aforefaid (hall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of the land tax, in purfuance of this aCt, fuch payment (hall be a full difcharge and indemnification to fuch county or place for the failure or negleCl in the raifing and training of the militia for the year in refpeCt whereof fuch payment (hall be made; and every fuch receiver general Receiver ge-(hall, within ten days after the receipt of any fuch money, cer- |?eraJ to certify fuch receipt to the lord high treafurer or comm.i(lioners of [hereof to^he his Majefty’s treafury, and forthwith pay the fame into the re- treafury, and ceipt pf his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejiminjler; and the money pay the mo-fo paid into the exchequer (hall be kept feparate and apart from ney into the all other money, and (hall be accounted for yearly to parlia- exc“ecluer* ment, and difpofed of as parliament (hall direct, and no fee or gratuity whatfoever lhall be given or paid to any officer of the exchequer for or on account of receiving or ifluing any fuch money; and the high treafurer, or the commiflioners of the Afalarymav treafury, is or are hereby authorifed to allow to the receiver be allowed the general of any fuch county or place, upon the clearing of his receiver* accounts, fuch falary or reward, for his pains and trouble in receiving and paying in fuch money, as the faid high treafurer or commiflioners (hall think proper, not exceeding two-pence, in the pound for fo much money as he (hall pay into the ex* chequer in purfuance of this aCh

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enafled, That County trea-the treafurer of every county or place, as a recompence for his furertodetain pains and trouble in collecting, receiving, and paying the mo- thenione** ney to be raifed in every fuch county or place as aforefaid, (hall £e recdves^ be allowed the fum of one penny in the pound upon the whole and to pay a fum fo by him received and paid; which allowance every fuch like fum to treafurer is hereby authorifed to detain in his hands out of the ^l^s^&c^on money fo received by him before payment made to the receiver money ° general as aforefaid; and every high conftable, petty conftable,' they are con-churchwarden, and overfeer of the poor, who (hall aClin the cernedincol* raifing and collecting of the faid money, (hall refpeCtively be allowed and paid by fuch treafurer, as a recompence for their trouble therein, the fum of one penny in the pound of all fuch money, in the raifing and collecting whereof they (hall refpec* tively aCt as aforefaid; and fuch treafurer is hereby authorifed and required to deduCfc the fame out of the money fo received by him as' aforefaid, and to pay the refpeCtive proportions thereof to fuch high conftables and other officers aforefaid,

CXXIV. And be it further enaCted, That the clerk of the clerks of the peace for every county or place (hall and is hereby required, mit^copie^of within fourteen days next after the general quarter feffion of certified re-the peace to be held next after the twenty-fifth day oi December turns to the yearly, to tranfinit to the lord high treafurer, or the commif- treafury, etc, (toners of the treafury, and alfo to the receiver general of the tend for fuch county or place, a copy, figned by fuch clerk

0 0 0 3	of

Hosted by Google

914 .	Anna	vicefipio fexto Georgii HI. <s, 107.	[17861

o£ the peace, of every certificate which be (ball have received from the lieutenant, or any thijee- deputy liqptenants of fuck county or place a$ afprefaid; ai^d. where fuchj eertidcate (hail be omitted to be. delivered, the clerk of tile peace (hall certify fuch. omiffiod tp, the lord high treafprer, or to the, cpmmiffioners of the ti;eafury, and alio to the receiver general of the land tax, and that fuch clerk of the peace hath certified the fame to the juftices at fuch general quarter feffion, and required fuch juftices to proceed according to thp directions of tlji&ad; and fuck:* clerk of the peace (ball alfo certify what proceedings have been, had at fuch general quarter feffipn, m relatjpn.to the affdfing; and railing the faid rnopey, where the militia (hall not have been raifed 3 and in cafpfuch juftices (ha]l omit, neglect, or refiufe to proceed to raife the faid ipopey according tp the dirediopa of this ad, then the clerk of the peace of fqch county or place fhajl, and he is hereby required, within fourteen days next after and to certify ftjch general quarter feffion of the peace, tp certify to the foli-iuft?^Tto°the Clt0*°f the	fuch	omiffion^	negled,	or	refufaJ,	of	fuch

iolidtorofthe juft^es,, and the names of the judices who fhall be prefent at treal'ury,. fuch feffipn; and thefplicitor of the treafufy is hereby /required, on receipt of fuclv certificate, forthwith tp proceed, by all fuch lqgaL ways and means as fhall be moil effectual and expeditious, to qompfl fuch juftices tQ pay due obedience to this, ad, and to c^ufe the faid money,-to bp raifed, colleded, and paid.

Solicitor of CXXJM? And be it-furthpr; eroded, That if the faid futn ofi the treafury five pounds per man, to be raifed and p^id ini any fitch county. t--PoeHhe or place as afprefaid, (hall npt be levied, collede.d and paid into

^	thp pvrlipmipr in mannpr	n-hpfnrp /Vu*p*Qp<4 flip, frUir itrvr,

affinmen-ts.

Pen alt neglei

on

of

neral, &c,,

the exchequer, in manner hereinbefore djreded, the folicitor of. the treafury is hereby required forthwith, upon knowledge or infonp^tipft thereof, to proceed by all, fuch legal ways and means asr'fhall bek moft effedual and expeditious, to compel the levying and cohering of fuch rponey, and the paymen| thereof' intp thp exchequer as afprefaid.

CXXVI^And be ibfurther enaded, Thatif any clerk of the*

..	,	peace	fhajl	refufe, or wilfq]Jy‘negled to receive, deliver, file,

duuin.qkrks

or tranfmit any fuch certificates, as, aforefaid, receiverTge- according tp the dirediops and true meaning of this ad» every * - fuch clerk of the peace, fo offending, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, andtfhaft ajio forfeit his office, and be rendered incapable of having, receiving, or holding any office of truft, civil or military, under the crown ; and if any receiver general of the land tax, trea-furer, chief con (table, petty conftable, or other officer, who ought to ad and affift m the raifing and colledingpf. the faid. money, (hall wilfully omi.t, or negled pc refufe to. ad'and affift therein-according to the diredion and true meaning of this ad* every fuch receiver general or treafurer, fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds 3 and every fuch chief conftable, fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds; and[ every fuch jpcity cqnftabie and piher pfficer, fo offending* (hall

for

Hosted by

/‘Google

rySC-I j&imo	III.	c.	-toy.	q*£

far every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds: and the folieitor of the treafury fhall and is hereby required, 4 with all due diligence^ to profecute with effect ail fuch juftices of the peace, receivers general of the land tax, treafurers, andt other officers, who (hail omit, negkft, or refufe to perform the duty required of them refpeftively by this aft, touching the rafting, collecting, and paying of the faid money; and in cafe the folieitor of the treafury (hall wilfully omit or delay to proceed againft any Rich juftices of the peace, receivers general of the land tax, treafurers, or other officers aforefaid, he (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds*

CXXVIL And be it further enabled, That the provifions of Provifiona of an aft paffed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late * 44\efwt-majefty King George the Second, intituled, 4n for the ren~ ing juftices,to dering juftices of the peace more fafe in the execution of their office extend to and for indemnifying conjiables and others aft ing in obedience to their county lieu-warrants, (hall extend to all his Majefty’s lieutenants, andto t^nant^etc* all deputy lieutenants acting in the execution of this aft, or? any other aft relating to the militia, in like manner, and as fully and effectually as the fame extend to juftices of the peace afting in the execution of their office.

CXXVHI. And be it further enafted, That the acceptance Commiflionf of a commiffion in the militia (hall not vacate the feat of any {o^cat^feats member returned ter ferve in parliament; and that no perfon in parliament, being an officer of the militia (hall be compelled to ferve the nor officers office of ffieriff.	"	liable to ferve

CXXIX. Provided always, and be it enafted. That no offi-*s eri *' cer of the militia* or private militia man, (hall be liable to any punfffiable'for penalty or punifhment for or' on account of his abfence during abfence while the time he (hall be going to vote at any eleftion of a member going to an to ferve in parliament, or during the time he (hall be returning election, &c. from fuch eleftion.

CXXX. And be if further enafted, That no ferjeant, cor- Militia men poral, or drummer of the militia, nor any private man, from the fe^as peace time of hisEnrolment, until he (hall be regularly difeharged officers, etc, from the militia, (hall be compelled to ferve as a peace officer or parifli officer, or to perform any highway duty, commonly called Statute-work) or to ferve in any of his Majefty-s fea forces.

CXXXI. And be it further enafted. That every perfon hav- Married mili* ing ferved in the militia when drawn out into aftual fervice, j?* ™ptrSes being a married man, may fet up and exercife any trade in any \n any town, town or place within Great Britain, without any let, fuit, or &c. as foldiers moleftaticn, of or from any perfon or perfons whomfoever, for m*Y u^der or by reafon of ufing or exercifing fuch trade, as freely, and ^ 44,	°**’

with the fame provifions, and under the fame regulations, and with the like exception "in refpeft to the two univerfities, as any mariner or foldier can or may do by virtue of an aft, pafled in the twenty* fecond year of his late Majefty’s reign, intituled, An a ft to enable fmh officers* mariners, and Joldieru as have been in his

Q q o 4	Majeftfi

Hosted by Google

How penalties are to be recovered, and bow applied where

Anno vicefimcx fexto Georgii III. c. 107; f 1786.*

Majeftyh feervice fence his actefefeon to the thromy to exercife trades; and.‘no fuch militia man (hall be liable to be removed out of any* £u<;b town or place, until he is become chargeable to the pariflv

\ CXXXII. And be it further enafted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this aft impofed, which (hall exceed the fudiof twenty pounds, (hall be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, dr information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of not otnerwife record at.Wefimitifetr* or the, courts of great feifion in the prin-this^ft.6 ^ c^Pa^^es Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine; of * •	*	Chefter^	Lancafeer^	and Durham (as the cafe , (hall require),

wherein no effoin, privilege, proteftion, wager of law, or more than one inpparlance, (hall be allowed; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this aft impofed, which (hall not exceed the fu.m of twenty pounds, (hall, on proof upon oath of the offence before any juftice of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels,. by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after dedufting the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, to the perfon whofe goods and. chattels (hall have been fo dlftrained and fold ; and for want of fufficient diftrefs fuch juftice isrhereby required,, in all cafes where no particular time of commitment is herein-before direfted, ;to commit fuch offender, to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where the offence (hall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months, and the, money arifing by all fuch fipes, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not otherwjfe particularly direfted by this aft, (hall be paid to the clerks, or (where there are no clerks) to the commanding officers of the refpeftive regiments, battalions, or other bodies of militia of the refpeftive, counties, ridings, or places, where fuch offences (hall have been refpeftively committed, and (hall be made part of the publick ftock of fuch regiments, battalions, or other bodies of militia refpeftively.

No order of CXXXIJI. And be it further enafted, That no order or county lieu- conviftion made by any lieutenant of any county, riding, or to^removed P^ace’ or by, any two or more deputy lieutenants, or by any one {?/ Cenioxari. depxjty lieutenant, together with any one juftice p£ the peace, or by any juftice or juftices of the peace, by virtue of this aft^ (hall be removed by Certiorari out of the county, riding, division, city, town, or place, wherein fuch qrder or conviftiofl was made, iqto any court whatfoever; and that po writ of Qertior.ari (Inal! fuperfede execution or other proceedings, upon any fuch order or conviftion fo made in purfuaqce of this aft, " '	but that execution and other proceedings (hall be had and madp

thereupon; any fu?h writ pr yprits, or allowance thereof, not-withftanding.	, ■ -

prrjtation cf CXXX1V. And be it further enafted, That if any aftion a£i£;us.	fhall be brought agaihft any perfon or perfons, for any thing

{1 ”	done in purigapce of this aft, fuch ^fticn pr fuit (hal( be com?

- 1	"	;	•	-	* menced

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno viceGflio fextoGeorgii 1H. (L107*	917

menced within fix months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in the county or place where the caufe of complaint did arife, and not elfewhere 5 and the defendant or defendants in every fuch adion or fuit may plead the general iflue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in General iflue. evidence at any trial to be had thereupon: and if the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants in any fuch adion or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his or their adion or fuit, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if upon demurrer judgement.(hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the Treble cofts# fame, as any defendant hath in other cafes to recover cofts by law,	'

’• CXXXV. And be it further enaded and declared, That all AH former former ads of parliament relating to the militia of this king- militia a$p dom (except only fuch ads as relate to the militia of the city ceptathofeC*" of London, the militia of the Tower Hamlets, and the militia of relating to the Cinque Ports, and the two ancient towns, and their mem- London, etc. bers) (hall be, from the twenty-fourth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and they are hereby repealed; and that the militia raifed by virtue of fuch of the faid former ads as are hereby repealed, (hall be fubjed to the provifions and regulations contained in this ad in like manner as the militia to be raifed by virtue of this ad are fubjeded thereto.

CXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That But not to the repealing of the faid ads (hall not annul or in anywife effed an™d coin-any commiffion of lieutenancy, or any other commiffion al- ^ady erahted ready granted, by virtue or under the authority of the faid under them, former ads, or any of them, but that the feveral perfons to where the * whom fuch commiffions have been granted (hall and may ad, parties are in the execution of this ad, in like manner as they might have aded in the execution of the faid former ads, in cafe this ad * had not been made: provided neVerthelefs, That no perfon (hall ad in the execution of this ad as deputy lieutenant, or as colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, or captain, by virtue of any commiffion already granted as aforefaid, unlefs he is qualified as herein-before is direded, and alfo unlefs he has delivered, or (hall deliver in a certificate, containing a fpecifick defeription of his qualification, to the clerk of the peace, according to the fliredions of this ad, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding ; provided alfo, That all proceedings Proceedings of general and fubdivifion meetings which have been held un- of meetings der and according to the former laws relating to the militia, for^era&s (hall be good, valid, and effedual; and fuch further fubdivifion t0 be valid* meetings as have been ordered and direded by the laft general fneetings of the lieutenancy, within the refpedive counties, ridings; and places, (hall be held according to fuch orders and fliredions, and (hall be deemed to be fubdivifion meetings held purfuant to the diredinns hereinbefore contained.

•‘V “	’	   ,............... CAP,

Hosted by Google

•$*,!}	Aia^avic^mo	fexto	Georgii	HI.	c;	108.	[[1786.	I

Preamble*.

19 Geo* a. c. *j-

V

C A P. CVIII.

An aft for explaining, amending, and reducing into one aft of parliamenty the fever al afts paffed for more effectually preventing the fraudj and abufes committed in the admeafufement of coals within the city and liberty of Weft minder, and that part of the dutcby */Lancaft£r adjoining thereto, and the feveral purifbes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and fuch part of the parijh of Saint Andrew HolBorn, as lies in the county fl/'Mid-dlefex.

WHEREAS, by an add paffed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late majefly, King George the Seconds intituled, An adl more effedtually to prevent the frauds and abufes com-? mitted in the admeafurement of $oals within the city and liberty of Wejlminfler, and that part of the dutchy of Lancafler adjoining thereto, and the feveral parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields Saint Mary le Bon, and fuch part of the parifti of Saint Andrew. Holborn, as lies in the county of Middle fete, it was, amongfl other things,, enatfei. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, there- fhould be and continue, within the- city and liberty of Weft min ftejy0/7£ publick office* which fhould be. called by the name of The .Land Coal-meters: Office for, the City, and Liberty of Weftminfter; which Jaid office fhmld,. from time to time, be managed by two fierfons, to be nominated and appointed by his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, and fhould h& called and known by the name ^The Principal.Land Coal-meters for the City and Liberty of Weftminfter; which aft was to continue in force for three years, and to. the end of the then nextfeffion of parliament : and whereas his /aid late Majefly did appoint Thomas Paulin merchantand William? Arnold ftfhmonger^ to be.principal coal-meters for the city and liberty 0/Weftminfter aforefaid, and afterwards, by bis grant or letters patent under the great fial of Great Britain did grant unto the faid Thomas Paulin and; William Arnold, , the faidland coal-meters office for the city: and liberty o/Weft-minfter,.^ have- and. to hold the faid office unto them the. faid Thomas Paulinand William, AmolAjointly and feverally, together with all powers,, privileges,. advantage and emoluments thereunto belonging, and. as are granted in and by the faid recited aft for and during his Majefly* s royal will and pleafure: and whereas the faid office t of principal coal-meters hath been held, from time to time, by perfons appointed thereto by^ his fold late Majefly and his prefent Majefly, and John Paulin and John Arbuthnot are now the principal land coal* meters for the city and liberty ofWeftminfter, and other places aforefaid, and fuch office hath been granted to them, the faid John Paulin and John Arbuthnot* by\ his faid. prefent Majefly, by his letters pa* tent under the great feal of Great Britain: and whereas the faid recited aft of the nineteenth year of the reign f bis faid late Majefly, was continued by feveral fubfequent afts, paffed in the twenty-third, twenty fourth, thirty frfI,.and thirty-fecond years of the fame reign, and was amended by the	of fab aftv, and, by an.a ft	paffed in the

9

Hosted by

Google

r?%6.] Anno vicefimo fexto G^oiigji III, c. 108.	9*9

fixth year of the reign of fris prefenp Myefly, was, fabjeft to fuch amendments, farther continued, and mas alfa explained and farther amended; and, by an aft pajfed in the twenty fir(I year of the reign ** c^tinuin^1 cf bis faid prefen t Majefty, the faid far mer afts were further continued former ads to until the twenty fourth day of June* which will be in the year of our June *4 Lord one thoufand [even hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to th$ end of t he then next fefiion of parliament, and a further amend-m§nt was made-with refpeft to fame of tbe>provifions contained in the faid aft of the iwentyrthirdyeor offas [aid, late Majefty: and whereas the faid afts have: bjenfamd ufafaland beneficial, but they might be rendered much more fa if the fame were further explained and amend-ed, and proper provifions made for obviating mifchiefs and abufes which were not forefeen nor fufficiently provided again/? $ and the faid afts would more- ejfefinally anfvuen the purpojes thereby intended, and might be more eafily underftood. and. better executed* if the. fame were comprized in one, aft'of parliament: may it therefore pljeafe your Majefty that it; may be enaded $ god- be it enacfted by the King’s moft excellent majefty* by apd with the advice and cpnfent of the lords fpiritu^l and temporal* aodqommpns, in this prefent parliament affembledfc a^d by, the authority of the fame* That, Land coal-frion) and after the twenty-fourth day, of Jufyi one thoufend fe- ^eprodded ven hundred and eighty-fix, there; fl)aU be provided, and con- \n weftmiu-tinuedj within the city and liberty of Wefiminfier, one publick fter. office, which feajl be oajled by the nam& of The Land Coal-meters Office for the City and Liberty of Wefimbnjler, and (hall.be-lpanaged by the fai& John Paulin and John Arbuthnot, or in cafe, of their death cm removal, byfuefi other two perfons as lhajl, from time to time, he nominated and appointed by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors: which faid John Paulin and John Arbuthnot, or fuch, other two perfon? fp to be nominated and appointed as aforefaid, (hall be called: and known by the title of The Principal Land. Coal-meters for the■ City and Liberty of Weft- Their title-minfter ; and fuch office (hall, during the continuance of this ad, be kept open every day. [Sundays	from	the	twenty-	Office hours#

fifth day of March to the twenty-ninth day of September* yearly, from the hour of five in-the morning till nine in the evening, and from the twenty-ninth day of September to the twenty-fifth day of March, yearly, from the hour of fix in the morning' nil fix in the evening.

II.	And it is hereby enaded and declared by the authority Juices to ad^ aforefaid. That, in all cafes, where apy jpftice or juftices of the ^h^&c peace is or are by this ad authorifed to examine any perfon or ° , * perfons on oath or affirmation, it (hall be lawful for fuch

juftices refpedively to adminifter fuch oath, and take fuch affirmation,

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Principals to That no perfon or perfons, who (hall hereafter be appointed be fwonu one of the principal land coal-meters, (hall be capable of ading

as fuch until he or they (hall, before two or more of his Majefty’s wftice$ of the peace for the faid. city apd liberty pf Wejlminjler •	(who

Hosted by Google

The oath.

Principals to appoint labouring coal B&eters.

Their fia-tio m.

They are to be fworn.

labouring meters oath.

Anno Vicefimo fextS Georgii III* cl io8. [1786.

(who are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the" fatne) take an oath or affirmation in the words following; to wit,

I A. B. do /wear, [or, being of the people called Quakers, do folemnly affirm], 'That I will truly and faithfully, according to the bejl of my judgement and ability,, execute the office of one of the princi* pal land, coal-meters for the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and for that part of the dutchy of Lancafter adjoining thereto, and for the feveral parijhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon* and for fuch part of the parijb of Saint Andrew Hoi born j as lies in the county of Middlefex.

So help ms GOD.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid principal land coal-meters, or any one of them, and they, or any one of ' them, are and is hereby authorifed, directed, and required, to appoint from time to time a fufficient number of perfons to be labouring coal-meters, within the limits of this adt; one or more of which faid labouring coal-meters (ball attend every day {Sundays excepted) at fuch of the coal wharfs, warehoufes, or other places of fale, within the limits aforefaid, at which he or they (hall be ftationed by the principal land coal-meters* or any one of them, during the continuance of this adt, at fuch time as is required by the wharfinger or dealer in coals where fuch meter or meters is or are ftationed, to meafure out, or fee meafured, the coals which (hall from time to time be fold at any of the faid wharfs, warehoufes, or places where fuch labouring coal-meters (hall be fo ftationed as aforefaid.'

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon (hall be capable of adting as one of the labouring coal-meters to be appointed as aforefaid, until he (hall, before one or more of his Majefty^s juftices of the peace for the faid city and liberty of Weflminfier (who is and are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame), take and fubfcribe an Oath or Affirmation in the words or to the effedt following; to wit,

I A. B. do fwear, [or, being of the people called Quakers, do

folemnly affirm], That I will duly and faithfully, to the bejl of my fkiH and knowledge, execute the office of one of the labouring coal-meters for the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and for that part of the dutchy of Lancafter adjoining thereto, and for the feveral parijbes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and for fuch part of the parijh of Saint Andrew Holborn, asx lies in the county of Middlefex; and that I will truly and impartially meafure, or fee meafured, all coqls between buyer andfeller > without favour or hatred^

So help me GOD*

i^nd the feid juftice or juftices refpedtively, who (hall adminifter

the

Hosted by

Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto . Georg,11 III. c. 108.	gzt

, the oaths or take the affirmations by this ad directed, is and are Juftices to hereby required to certify the fame to the next general quarter ^jTo/af feffions of the .peace to be holden for the faid county of Middle- firmatjon/ fex, after the taking of'fuch oaths or affirmations refpedively, there to remain on record.	•

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the au- Meters not to thority aforefaid, That if the faid principal land .coal-meters or

coal-meter, or any of the perfons to be employed under them ^1^ ae 0 or him, (hall at any time or times hereafter, during their or his refpedive continuance in their or his office or employment aforefaid, be diredly or indiredly interefted or concerned in the fate of any coals whatfoever, every fuch principal land coal-meter fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of one hundred pounds, and fuch labouring coal-meter refpec-tively (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, and fuch labouring coal-meter, being thereof convicted befbre the faid court of quarter feffions, (hall be dif-miffed from his or their faid refpedive office or employment, and be for ever difabled from holding or executing the fame, or any other, under this ad.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That upon notice in writ- Pe.na!fy on

ing, or otherwife, being given to any of the faid labouring coal-	to”*"

meters, or left at the faid principal land coal-meter’s office, for fend a la- * a labouring coal-meter or meters to attend at any wharf within bouring coal-the limits of this ad, to be named in fuch notice, in order to meter, and oa meafure, or fee meafured, the coals of the perfon giving the no- coa^meters tice, fuch labouring coal-meter or meters (hall attend, purfuant not attending to fuch notice, within the fpace of one hour from the time gf on notice, giving the fame, or fooner if poffible, and do his or their duty according to the intent and meaning of this ad; and, in cafe of

negled or refufal to attend accordingly, fuch labouring coal-meter or meters (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings each, and the principal land coal-meters or coal-meter, neglecting to fend fuch labouring coal-meter or meters as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the like fum of twenty (hillings.

VIII.	And, in order to prevent confederacy, be it enacted, That Stations of the ftations to be appointed to and for the labouring coal-meters J^etera to be fhall be frequently varied by the principal land coal-meters or varied, coal-meter, or the perfons or perfon executing the office of principal land coal-meter, in fuch manner as they or he (hall

think fit.	.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the*authority aforefaid.

That all coals which, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day Coals to be of July, (hall be fold as and for wharf meafure, at any place or meafured in places within.the limits of this ad, (hall be meafured in the pre-	*

fence of one of the faid labouring coal-meters, in fuch manner meter. 5 as is direded in and by an ad paffed in the fixteenth and feven* teenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled.

An a£f for regulating the meafurey and prices of cools 5 and the faid 16 Sc 17 Car. labouring coal-meters (hall and may, and are hereby refpedively

authorised

Google

$22

Coal-meters fee, 4d, per chaldron, to be paid by feller.

Tickets to be delivered to the feller or carman.

Contents of the tickets.

Tickets to be delivered by labouring meter to carman, and by him to the confumer.

Confumer to repay metage to the feller. Penalty on labouring coal-meters neglecting to deliver ticket to the carman;

and on the carman altering it, etc.

Attno vkefittio iefcte Glok&li- HI. t9 io8. [ 1786.

authorifed and required to fill up any bufhel or bufliels of cOals that Stall appear to him of Them to be deficient or wanting in meafure, out of the ftock of coals of the perfon or perfons vending or contra&ing for the fale of the faid coals.

X. And be it further eqaded by the authority aforefaid, That four-pence by the chaldrota f6t every chaldron of coals which, from and after the faid twteftty-foutth dky of Julyy (hall be fofd and delivered at any wharf, wftrehmafe, or place within the limits of this aft, (hall be paid by the perfon who keeps the wharfj warehoufe, or place where filch coats are carted, from dr by the feller of fucli coals to the principal land coal-meters or coal-fneter for the time being* as a recommence for their or his labour and trouble, and for defraying the charges of clerks, meilengers, houfe rent, fife* candles, and all other expences incident to the execution of the office aforefaid, and for the hire of the labouring coal meters ; and thereupon fuch principal land coal-meters or coal-meter (hall, and they and he are and is hereby required to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to every feller of fuch coals, or the carman who (hall cart, lead, drive, or carry away the fame, a paper, writing, or ticket, figned by one of the faid principal land Coal-meters, and counterfigned by the labouring coal-meter attending and delivering the fame, in which (hall be contained as well the chriftian and furname of the re-fpeftive fellers as of the confutners of the faid coals, the quantity, and day of the week* month, and year of the delivery and admeasurement, the amount of the-metage Charge, and the names of the carmen or perfons employed to Cart, lead, drive, or carry the fame coals; and alfo (Trail contain a notice to the purchaser or purchafers of the faid coals, that if he, (lie, or they is or are diflatisfted with the meafure thereof* fuch diflatisfadion muft be exprefl'ed to the carman before any part thereof is (hot or unladen from the faid cart; which faid ticket being thus made compleaf, and metage paid, (hall be delivered* unaltered, by the labouring coal-meter counterfigning the fame, without delay, to the carman or perfon employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead the coals deferibed in fuch ticket to the confumer therein named; which faid ticket, unaltered, the carman, or perfon therein named, to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the coals in fuch ticket deferibed, lhall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the refpedive cohfumers therein named, or to their agent or fefvant, who (hall attend to receive the coals deferibed in fuch ticket, for the ufe of fuch confumer; and thereupon he, (he, and they are hereby required to pay to the feller, named in fuch ticket* the metage therein fpecified ; and if the labouring coal-meter counterfigning fuch ticket, (hall, after payment of the metage charge in purfuance of this ad, refufe or negled to deliver fuch ticket, as hereinbefore directed, to the carman, or perfon employed to cart* lead, drive, or carry the coals therein deferibed* fuch labouring coal-meter (hall* for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings; and jf fuch carman or perfon employed to cart* carry, lead* or drive the

coals

Hosted by Google

178 6.] Anno vlcefimo fexta Geor&ii III. G. 108.	,913

coals defcribed in fuch ticket (hall, after the fame ticket (hall have been fo delivered to him-by the labouring coal-meter c©un-terfigning the fame, either alter, or neglebt or refufe to deliver live fame ticket to the^confumer therein named, or to the agent or fervant who lhall attend to receive the coals defcribed in fuch ticket, fuch carman or perfon employed to cart, lead, or drive the coals defcribed in fuch ticket, lhall likewife forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of ten Ihillings.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on

That if any cart or carts loaded, or in which any quantity	coaft

coals exceeding feventeen bufhels (hall be fent or driven from unmeafured, any wharf, warehoufe, or place fituate within the limits of this or without a abl, without having been meafured under the infpeblion of the ticket.

faid principal land coal-meters or coal-meter, or of fuch labouring coal-meter, or without having firfl obtained fuch ticket as aforefaid, that then and in every fuch cafe the vender of the faid coals, being convibled thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called J§Quakers, by affirmation) of two or more witnefles, before one or more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace for the faid county of Middkfex, or city and liberty of Wejiminjier, lhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum or ten pounds.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Sacks not to

That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of July, one	or

.thoufand feven hundred and eighty*fix, no facks to be made ufe which /hall offer the carriage of coals, within the limits of this abl, which not be full (hall not be full four feet four indies in length, and full twenty- four feet fix inches in breadth, after they are made, (hall be fealed or

marked at any office or offices, or by any officer or officers ap- inches broad, pointed, or to be appointed, for the purpofe of fealing and marking fuch facks, by any law now in being refpebting the fame.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- Dimertfionsof faid. That if any wharfinger or carrier of coals (hall, at any time to be

or times hereafter during the continuance of this abl, make ufe u e * of any fack or facks for the carrying of coals, within the limits of this abl, of lefs dimenfions than four feet in length, and two feet in breadth, or lhall wilfully make, or procure to be made or ufed, any falfe bulhel or other meafure, and be convibled thereof by the oaths (or, being of .the people called J$htakers9 by affirmation) of two or more credible witnefles, before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid county of Mid-dkfex, or city and liberty of Weftminjler^ he lhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-. Penalty 6n faid. That if any wharfinger or dealer in coals, lhall, direblly or indirebtly, give or caufe to be given to any labouring coal-meter

within the faid limits, at any time or times hereafter during the continuance of this abl, any fum or fums of money, or other iee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever, over and befides the four-pence per chaldron herein-before enabled and allowed for the charges ofmetage, and lhall be convibled thereof by the oaths

Hosted by Google

9*4

Penalty on meters permitting deficient facks to be ufed.

Penalty on labouring meter delivering falfe tickets;

or receiving any reward befides 4d. per chaldron; or making falfe meafure, etc. or delivering any ticket for coals he did not fee mea-fured.

Anno vicefimo fexto GeoRGH IIL C. ioS. [1786.

(or, being of the people called Quakers, by affirmation) of two or more credible witneffes, before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid county of Middlefex, or city and liberty of Wejlminjler, he (hall, for every fuch offence,* forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority afarefaidy That if any labouring coal-mdter (hall, at any time or times hereafter during the continuance of this adt, ufe, or permit or fuffer facks to be made ufe of, for the meafuring or carrying of coals, of lefs dimenfions than four feet in length, and two feet in breadth, at any place or places within the faid limits, and be convidted thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called g)ua$er$> by affirmation) of two or more credible witneffes, before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid county of Middlefex, or city and liberty of Wejiminjler, he (hall, fpr every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the ium of forty (billings.

XVI.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-faid, That if any labouring coal-meter, to be appointed and qualified purfuant to this act, (hall, at any time or times hereafter during.the continuance of this adt, deliver a falfe or counterfeit ticket to any dealer, confumer, carman, or other perfon, with intent to prejudice or defraud any perfon or perfons whom-foever: or (hall take and receive from any dealer in coals any fum or fums of money, fee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever, over and befides the four-pence per chaldron herein-before enacted and allowed to be taken for the metage charge 5 or if any fuch labouring coal-meter (hall wilfully make, permit, or fuffer to be made, falfe meafure of coals, or (hail deliver a ticket for any quantity of coals, the whole of which he (hall not have feen meafured, at any place or places within the faid limits; and (hall be, in any or either of the faid cafes, convidted thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called Shakers, by affirmation) of two or more credible witneffes, before one or more of his

Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid county of Middlefex, or city and liberty of IVeftmiJifter^ he (hall be rendered incapable of ever ferving thereafter in the office of a coal-meter; and the principal land coal-meters or coal-merer for the time being (hall, for every fuch offence of fuch labouring coal-meter fo convidled as aforefaid, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings.

Exemptions XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this waterworks0 a{^ not exteru*t0 the owners of any works for raifing water and perfons ’ by fire, nor to the owners of any coals to be bought* fold, and having one delivered as and for pool meafure, but that they (hall and may chaldron or have one chaldron of coals, or more, delivered under the infpec-* ^poolmea- tlon of .his or their own agent in the abfence of a meter, and in fure. ~ that cafe fuch perfons are hereby refpedlively exempted from the payment of any metage charge by virtue of this adt; but if fuch perfons (hall require the care or attendance of any meter, to be appointed in pursuance of this-adt, then, and in fuch cafe, they (hall pay the metage charge of four-pence by the. chaldron

hereby

Hosted by

Google.

.1785.] Atino vicefimo fexto GEDRail III. C. io5.	925

hereby laid, as other confumers ofi Coate^are hereby obliged of ought to do, in pursuance of this ad; any thing hfereitt-befcre contained to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

XV III. And be it further ena&ed by t*hfe authority aforefaid.

That if any fuch labouring coal-meter (hall, from and after the Penalty on faid twenty-fourth day of July, wittingly or willingly fuffer any meters lufFer-coals fold as and for wharf meafure (exceeding the quantity of feventeen bulhels) to be fent from any wharf, warehoufe, or bein^mearur* place within the limits of this ad; without being meafured in ed. the manner herein* before directed, and (hall not give information thereof to the principal land coal-meters or coal-meter, or their or his deputies at the faid office, within two days next after fuch coals (hall have been fent as aforefaid, and (hall be duly convi&ed thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called by affirmation) of two or more credible witnefles, before one or more of his Majefty’s juftjces of the peace for the faid county of Middlefex, or city and liberty of Wejltninjler, fuch labouring coal- meter (hall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of a&ing as a labouring coal-meter within the limits comprifed in this aand forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if the driver of arty cart or carriage with Penalty on coals loaded therein, from any wharf, warehoufe, or place within j^orwr-the limits of this a<51, or any perfon belonging thereto or em- mftting coala ployed therewith, (hall take or deliver, or fuffer to be taken or to be taken delivered, from fuch cart or carriage, any coals under his care, out of his otherwife than to or for the ufe of the owner or owners, pur- cart# chafer or purchafers thereof, and (hall be thereof convicted,

every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings; and, in cafe of nonpayment thereof,

'every fuch offender (hall and may be committed, by warrant under the hand and feal or hands and feals of the juftice or juftices before whom fuch convi<5fion (hall be had, to the houfe of correction for the faid county of Middlefex, or city and liberty of Wejhmnfler, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month, unlefs the faid penalty or forfeiture be fooner paid and fatisfied*

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon (hall be diffatisfied with, or think Peribns cb’iTa-himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by or in the meafure of any coals have^coaf/re fold to him or her by wharf meafure, within the limits aforefaid, mrafiireH*figI and (hall, upon delivery to him or her of the meter’s ticket ac- nifying their companying fuch coals, (ignify his or her defire to have the fame defire, remeafured, then, and in every fuch cafe, the carman of driver Driver to con-of the cart or other carriage, in which the faid coals (hall be tinue with the brought, fhall continue at the houfe or lodging of the purchafer tnf remeafur-of the faid coals, with the faid coals and the faid cart or carriage,

until they are remeafured, under the penalty of five pounds on the owner or proprietor, and twenty (hillings on the driver of the faid cart or carriage; and the (aid purchafer (ball im-Vgl. XXXV.	P p p	mediately

Hosted by Google

Purchafer to fend notice in ■writing to vender and meter.

Purchafer to pay"6d. per chaldron for remeafuring.

Penalty on vender, &c. when coals prove deficient.

Carmen to be paid is. fid. per hour, when ftopped to remeafure coals.

. Anno vkefimofextoGEORGii III. c. 108.	[1786.	|

mediately fend, or oaufe to be fent, to the vender of the faid coals* _ot\ to his or her wharf, warehoufe, or place, notice in writing that the faid coals are going to be remeafured, and alfo fend notice thereof to the land coal-meter’s office; and thereupon a principal meter, oc. one of the labouring meters (not being the meter under j^rhofe infpe&ion the faid coals were otiginally meafured), (Hall, within the fpace of two hours next after;fuch notice in writing left at the land coal-meter’s office aforefaid, attend to remeafure the faid coals, and fhall accordingly remeafure the fame* Jack by fack, in the prefence of the vender and purchafer of the faid coals, or their agents or fer-vants, if any of them (hall attend and defire to fee the fame remeafured, and alfo in the prefence of one of the principal or labouring land coal-meters of or for the city of London, or of or for that , part of the .county of Surrey lying between Putney and Rotbetbithe^ if fuch. purchafer (hall think proper to require the; attendance of fuch laftmentioned coal-meter; who fhall, and hereby dire£ted and required to attend accordingly, within the fpace of two hours after notice in writing left at fuch laft-mentioned coal-meter’s office; and in cafe fuch laftmentioned coal-meters or coal-meter (hall negledfc or refufe to attend pur-fiiant to fuch notice, he or they (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds; for which remeafure-ment the purchafer (hall pay the principal land coal-meters or coabmeter, appointed by thisad, and alfo fuch other land coal-meter, from the city of London* or from that part of the county ofSurrey aforefaid, as (hall attend fuch remeafurement, the fum of fixpence each, for every chaldron of coals fo remeafured ; and in cafe the coals thus remeafured fhall not amount to the quantity for* which they were fold, then the vender of fuch coals fhall forfeit and pay, fpr every bufhei of coals found deficient, the fum of five pounds, and alfo forfeit every chaldron of coals* fo found deficient or wanting in meafure, to and for the ufe of the poor of the parifh where the faid coals fhall be fo remeafured; and the labouring meter, under whofe infpedtion the coals were firft meafured, fhall, for every bufhei fo deficient, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, which fum, if not paid within five days next after his convidtion, fhall and may be recovered from the perfons or perfon executing the office of prin-, cipal land coal-meter for the time being, eftablifhed by this aft;-and the coal porters, who fhall meafure the fame for the vender thereof fhall, for every bufhei of coals fo wanting, forfeit and pay the fum of two (hillings and fixpence.

XXI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where any cart fhall be flopped or detained for the purpofe, or on pretence, of remeafuring the coals laden thereon, the owner of every fuch cart fhall be entitled to the fum of two (hillings and fixpence per hour for every hour the cart fhall be fo detained, over and above the ufuaj cartage of fuch coals; which two. (hillings and fixpence per bopr (hall be paid by the vender of the faid coals, in cafe the

font

Hosted by Google

1786.] Anno vicefimo fexto GEOftGti III. c. 108*

fame (ball, upon fuch remeafuremerit, * bee found deficient in meafure; or by the purchafer of the faid coals, in cafe the fame (hall not be remeafured, or (hail, upon fuch remeafurementv be found to amount to the quantity for which, the fame were fold.

XXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That no feller of or dealer in coals, within Dealers of-the limits aforefaid, (hall, for any offences under this a<ft, be

fubjedl or liable to any other penalty, forfeiture, or difability iiat,ietope-than what are herein-before refpedively infli&ed or eha&ed; naltiesofaft any thing in the a& of the third year of the reign of his late 3 Geo. II, etc. majefty King George the Second, intituled,1An aft for the better regulation of the coal trade, or in any other law, ftatute, or Cuf-tom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be For impower-lawful for the juftices of the peace for the county of Middlefex,

or city and liberty of Wejlminfler, in general or quarter feffion andWefhnin-aflembled, and they are hereby authorifed and required to iti- ftertotake quire into, hear, and determine any complaint of fraud, neg- cognizance of left, or mifbehaviour of the faid John Paulin, John Arbuthnot, complaints and the principal land coal-meters for the time being, or any or meters.00^" either f>f them, in the fame manner as they are by law authorifed to inquire into, hear, and determine mifdemeanours; and if any fuch land coalr meter (hall be found guilty of any fraud, neglecft, or mifbehaviour, he (hall forfeit and pay, for the ufe of his Majefty, fuch fine as the court before whom fuch com-	^	*

plaint (hall be made (hall think fit, not exceeding forty pounds, together with fuch cofts as the court (hall think proper to award and diredf, and in default thereof, be committed to the houfe of correction for the faid county till fuch fine and cofts are fully paid and fatisfied.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted and* declared by the authority aforefaid, That thefeveral penalties and forfeitures impofed

or inflicted, and to be incurred, by virtue of or under this act^ penahies^etc. (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby	*

otherwife particularly directed,) (hall be recovered and applied in the manner, and to and for the purpofesTollowing; that is to fay, fuch and fo many of the faid penalties and forfeitures as do and (hall refpedtively exceed the fum of five pounds, by action of debt, bill, plaint; or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjier, one moiety whereof, when recovered, (hall be to and for the ufe of our Sovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof (with full cofts of fuit) to and for the ufe of fuch perfon or performs who (hall inform or fue for the fame; and all other the aforefaid penalties and forfeitures (hall be recovered by way of complaint made unto any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid county of Middlefexy or city and liberty of Wejiminfler; who is and are hereby required to call the parties before him or them, and to hear and examine ;fuch complaint, on oath, or upon affirmation (in cafe any teftimony in this re-Jpedt (hail be given by any 7of the people caHedJ^^w j * ***&*

... ,	P	p	p	%	upon

Hosted by Google

'	M

5?8	AnnoVi&fitno-'^	rc.	108.	f 17S-Jff. ;fg

upon due proof there6f made, to his or their fatisfa&ion, to grant a warrant under his or their hand and fed, or hands and fe&ls, for levying fuch penalties and forfeitures accordingly; one moiety whereof (hiaiH lie applied to the ufe of the informer, and the other moiety to and for the ufe of the'poor of the parilh in which foch offences (hall have been refpe&ively committed; and, in cafe fuch laft-mehtioned penalties or forfeitures (hall not (after fuch convi&ion or convi&ions) be forthwith paid, that then the fame (hall be levied by diftrefc and fale of the goods and chattels of tbe:tfe(pc&rve offenders, by warrant or warrants under the hand indjfeal, or hands and feals of fuch juftrce or jtidices of the peace before whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be convi&ed, rendering the overplus (if any be) to fuch ©fFender or dffehders; and which faid laft-mentioned penalties , and forfeitures, when paid or recovered, (hall be immediately tranfmitted by the faid juftice or juftices to the overfeers of the poor of tire parifh where the perfon complaining (hall refide, for the ufe of the poor of fuch parifh ; and, for want of {efficient diftrefs, fuch offender or offenders (ball be committed to the houfe of corre&ion, for any time not exceeding thirty days, nor lefs than fovea days, there to remain and be kept to hard labour.

XXV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled and Perfons ag- declared. That if any perfon, fo convicted as aforefaid, (hall ap^al torte t^nk' bimfelf aggrieved, he may appeal to the general quartet

2barter fef- feffions of the peace to be held for the county of Middlefex next ons.	after fuch convidfcion, but ndt afterwards; of which appeal fuch

appellant (hall give to the profecutor or informer feven days previous notice of his intention oftrying the fame; and fuch general quarter feffions, when fo appealed to, (hall then hear and finally determine the fame ; but in cafe there (hall not be feven days between fuch convidlfon and the then next quarter feffions, then fuch appeal (hall be heard and finally determined at the following quarter feffions, fuch notice being firft given as aforefaid: and if the appellant in fuch appeal (hall not make good, fupport, and fucceed in fuch his appeal, or profecute the The court to fame with effect, the (aid court of feffions (hall then award fuch award cofts, cofts as they (hall think reafonable, to be then and there in open <tc*	court, with the penalty adjudged on and by fuch conviction;

paid to the profecutor or informer; and, for want thereof, to commit the perfon or perfons thus appealing, to the common gaol of and for the county of Middlefex^ there to remain until hi or they (hall and do make adtual payment of fuch cofts and penalty to the perfon or perfons to whom the fame fhall be awarded, for the purpofes aforefaid 5 but in cafe the faid appellant (hall make good, fupport, and fucceed m fuch his appeal, and be acquitted of his convidlon, the feme coutt (hall, in that cafe, award to fuch appellant reafonable cofts, to be then and there in open court paid to him or them by the perfon or perfons on whofe information or profecution fuch convidtidn (hall havie been founded or made ; and, for want of fuch payment, the

faid

Hosted by Google

rj$6J] Anno vrccfimo fek^J'GfiditGii lit c. id?.	929

faid court of feffions (hall commit fucH informers and profecqi- , tors refpectively to the common gaol of the faid County of Mia-dlefex, there to remain until he of they (hall and do actually pay Conviaion to fuch appellant the coft sfo refpeaively awarded to them as not to ^ aforefaid; but no convidion, to be pronounced or made by quaftmd for virtue of or under this ad, (hall be quafhed or vacated for want w*ntof h>rrn of form only.	only*

XXVI.	And it is hereby enabled, That no writ of Certiorari No certiorari, (hal! iflue, or be ifluable, to remove the record of any conviction or proceedings thereon, to be taken, made, or pronounced, in purfuance or by ihe authority of this ad, into any of his Majeffy’s courts of record at Wejlminjtir.

XXVII.	And be it further elided by the authority aforefawl.

That this a61 ihall commence and take place upon Mbnday the Commence-

rwenty-fourth day of July') one thoufand feven hundred and mentand

eighty-fix, and (hall be in force and have continuance Until the c^,nua”cc

twenty-fourth day of June, Which will be in the year of our 0 8a •

Lord one thoufand feveri hundred and ninety-five, (being the

refidue and remainder hdW to come and unexpired of the

term granted by the laid recited a& of the twenty-firft year of

the reign of his prefent Majefty), and from thehce to the end

of the then next feffion of parliament j and that froth and after

the (aid twenty-fourth day of Jiity one thoufand feven hundred A&s of. 19, 2$,

and eighty-fix, the faid recited aids of the nineteenth, twenty- 3 tian<li3a?

third, twenty-fourth, thrrty^fifft, 'and thirty* fecondyeans of the ^andai^eo.

reign b¥ his faid late majefty Kifig George the Second, and of the m. repealed!

fixth and twenty-firft years t>f the reign of his prdeht Majefty,

jfhafl be, and is and are hereby repealed.

XXVIIL Ahd be it further ertaded by the authority afore-(aid. That if any adion, information, or fuir, (hall be brought. Limitation of filed, or profecuted againft any perfoh or perfons, for any thing actions, done in purfuance of this ad, the fame (hall be commenced or filed Within two calendar months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and lhalj be laid in the coOnty of Middle-fexf and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in or to fuch adions, fuits, or informations, may plead the general General iflue. tflue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence, on any trial to be had 'thereupon, and that the fame Was done in purfuance of this ad: and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch adion, fait, Or informatibn, (hall be brought or filed after the time for that purpofe Htnired, Or foal! be brought in any other county or place, then the jury, in every fuch cafe, mail find for the defendant or defendants; and ft the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or fafifer la difeohti-nuahCe Of his, her, or their adron or adieus. Or if a verdid fwtll pals againft the plairitJff of pfeintiffs, of if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be $ven xgaStfft the plairitiff Or plilnfiffi, the defendant or defendants ft^ll Mve foil cofb, fcftd foch remedy coft* for recovery of die $$ $fiy defendant of defendants forth bi l&vtldr'dbttvdt M ftx O&fef cafofr WWr • _	.

■	•	XXlX,	Ahd

Hosted by Google

93°

Publiek ad.

Preamble*

,‘ JMwiqpEORGlI IIL C. 109. [1786. ^

XXIX* And be it further enadl^f by the authority aforefaid. That ihis'a^t (hall be deemed*, judged, apd taken; to be a pub* lick	AaU	be	judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all

judges*" ju^ices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpe* f" cially pleading the fame,

L ; C A P. CIX.

An aft for incorporating the \members of a fociety to be called The Clyde Marine Society; for the better empowering and enabling them to.carry on their charitable an4 ufeful defigns; and for levy-ing certain duties from Jhipmafers and cithers* for that purpofe.

W H ERE A S. a number of merchants and /hip owners:in the city of Glafgow did* in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-eight* form them]elves into a fociety* by the name of The Glafgow Marine Society, which was afterwards united with a fo-ciety erefted ^-Greenock/^r fimitar purpofes** of which united fociety many other merchants and Jhip owners in the faid city of Glafgow* and in the towns of Greenock, Port Glafgow, and Crawford’s Dyke, all fitudted on the bants of the river Clyde, in that part of Great Britain calledScotland, afterwards became members* for the purpofe of efiablijhing a charitable fund for the relief offick, worn* out* and decayed Jhip mafiers* officers*and mariners navigating Jhips and vejfels belonging to or freighted by merchants* Jhip owners* and ethers of the faid city and towns* and their dependencies y and of tb& widows and families of fuch Jhip mafiers* officers* and mariners; and have been enabled by the entry money paid by the members* and the, voluntary donations and fubferiptions of charitable and well-difpofed perfons* and by a contribution* or poundage* at the rate of two-pence per pound Jlerling* on the wages of the Jhip mafiers* officers* and mariners belonging to or failing from the faid city and towns* not only to afford relief to a great number of indigent perfons of the defeription aforefaid* and to carry the humane purpofe of their affociation fo far. into effeft as to difiribute annually* for the lafi eight years* at an average* the fum of two hundred and eighty-nine pounds* ten Jhil-lings* and one. penny halfpenny Jlerling* in fixed and fettled penfions to the faid perfons* and in fmall fums* given in occafional, charity ta perfons of the aforefaid defeription* when they were in temporary want from fuknejs* or had been maimed* wounded* or Jhipwrecked* or had met with any other accidental or cafual niisfortune* by which many hundreds of perfons have been relieved from mojl diftr effing and calamitous fituations fince the infiitution of the faid fociety ;but alfo to accumulate a capital foci* which* on the firfi day of March, one thoufand/even hundred and eighty-fix* amounted to two thoufand one hundred andfixty-two pounds* thirteen fhillings* and four-penceJlerling* the intereft of which* joined with the other aforefaid funds* has been* from time to time* applied to. the charitable purpofes before recited: and whereas experiencehath Jhown* that the faid fociety hath hitherto been of confiderable ufe and advantage* and it is prefumed that the faid fociety* if .countenanced and fupported by the laws of this realt*i and ffiablijhed upon a permanent and refpeftablt foundation,

’	“	and

Hosted by

Google

1786 ] Aii^no vicefimo f^xtb (SeorgiI III. c. i69.	931

and vejled with proper powers; for. enabling them to carry jntu execution their charitable defigns9 would be of much more extenfive ufe9 benefit, and advantage, and would contribute to the commercial inti-rejis of the /aid city, and towns, and their dependencies : but it is apprehended that thefe ufeful ends cannot be attained in their full extent^ without the aid and authority of parliament; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and comipons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, Alexander Brown efquire, prefent dean of guild of the faid city of Glafgow, and John Campbell of Clathick, James JJ,r!Sto.r8 °* Richie of Bufhbie, James Dunlop of Garnkirk9 Archibald Header-	*

fon9 James Sommerville9 James M*Dowall9 Robert Dunmore9 and Robert Finlay, all merchants in Glafgow; John Paterfon9 John M‘Cunn9 James Gammill9 William Fullarton, Hugh Moodie, Andrew Anderfon9 and Roger Steivart, merchants in Greenock; and John Crawford junior, John Dunlop* Patrick Dougall9 James Howie9 and Stephen Rowan9 merchants in Port Glafgow> {hall, and they are hereby declared to be direftors of the faid focie-ty, and fhall continue to be fo, until the firft general meeting of the faid fociety, to be held at the time and place and in«the manner herein-after mentioned, but no longer, unlefs they (hall be re-elefted in manner after mentioned$ and that they and their fucceffors to be elefted and named in manner herein-after direfted, together with the perfons whofe names are at prefent fubfcribed or enrolled in. the faid fociety’s books as members thereof, and thofe perfons who may hereafter become members, fhall be, and they are hereby declared and adjudged to be, one body corporate and politick, in deed and in name, by the name of The Clyde Marine Society; and by that name they fhall have perpetual fucceffion, and a common feal, with power to change, alter, break, and make new the fame, when and as often as they fhall judge the fame to be expedient: and that they and their fucceffors, by the fame, may fue and be fued, implead and be impleaded, anfwer and beanfwered unto, in all or any courts or court of record, and places of judicature within this kingdom ; and that they and their fucceflors, by the name aforefaid, fhall be able and capable in law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, poffefs, and retain^ for the ends and purpofes of this aft, all fuch fum and fums of money as have been given, devifed, or bequeafhed, or fhall at any time or times hereafter be paid, given, deviled, or bequeathed to them by any charitable or well-difpofed perfon or perfons; and alfo to fue for, levy, col-left, hold, poflefs, and difpofe of the duty for (hipmafters, officers, and mariners herein-after given and granted.

Stock of a,i6al. 13s. 4d. fterling, vetted in the fociety. General court for ele&ing twenty-one directors on the ad Tburfday in Auguft, 1786.

A general annual meeting to be held for the choice of directors, on the -fecond Thurfday in Auguft, yearly. Ele&ion of directors; four to go out yearly, and four chofen in their room, ©ireftore may fettle pen-

fioas

Hosted by Google

Aflno vfcefitno fexteGEORGH HI. c. no. [i

(ions on decayed (hip-matters, See. Other courts of dir^ftors to he held for difpoftng of their funds. fifire&ors may give temporary charily* Bean of^guitd of Glafgow to be prefident of the corporation* ©irec* tors to appoint a treafurer, wbq i$ to account and keep books of pro*v ceedings. Books to be produced at the general,anpnal meeting. Perf fons fubferibing 2l. as. fterling, to become members. Duties to be levied from (hip-matters, &c. matter to pay 9d. per month $ firft matter and firft carpenter dd. all others 3d*, JDuty not to be levied from per* fons navigating fighters, gabbarts, boat#, and other fmall craft, ufed on the river Clyde, or on the Great 01; Monkland canals* Matters, etc. of (liips obliged to pay duties for men navigating (hips, &c. ^Receiver* of the duties to be appointed by the directors. Receivers of duty to fum-haon matters of (hips to appear, fixpences of this to be raifed by a duty of id, per month, additional for one year, apd the fiirpius to go to the dock. Penalty on making falfe oaths, perjury. Limitation of actions to fix months. Pubfick aft#

C A P. CX#

An a ft for (applying North Shields, and the (hipping reforting thereto^

with water.

Proprietors $ Edward Hall of Whitley, in the parifti of Tin mouth, William Watfpn, William Taylor, Richard Armftrong, John Rippon, and George Rippon, of North Shields, brewers, incorporated by the name of the Company of Proprietors of the North Shields waterworks. Their powers to enter on lands belonging to the duke of Northumberland, in the manors of Tinmouth or Tinmouthfhire, or either of them, to dig and fearch for fprings of water, and to convey fuch water from thence, and from a faring arifing in Whitley limeftone quarry, to the town of North Shields, 8cc. and to make water courfes, 8cc. over any lands they think neceftary, and to make refervoirs, &c. for keeping fuch' water; and to dig up the roads, ftreets, &c. and lay pipes, arid put flop cocks, etc, and to alter the fame as neceflary; doing as little damage ' as may be; and no building, yard, orchard, garden, planted walk, lawn,; or avenue to any houfe, to be entered without confent of the owner. No perfon to be reftrained from fupplying the town as heretofore, etc. or the village of Cullercoats, from being fupplied from Harden Well, or the fpring in Whitley limeftone quarry; and not to make any refervoir on the weft fide of the road from the north-weft end of North-Shields toPrefton, without confent of the owner of lands, etc. Inhabitants deiirous of having the water laid into their houfes, may make pipes to communicate with the company’s pipes. Penalty on laying pipes, etc. without the confent of the company, »os. a day while they remain. No inhabitant of the town to be fupplied by a feparate pipe, from a refervoir, but only by the common main pipe. Penalty on per-fons interrupting or injuring the works, iol. and to make good the^ damages. No action for damage occafioned by working any colliery. The duke of Northumberland to have a feventh part of the profits of the undertaking, in confideration of permitting toe company to take water from his lands, etc. to be paid the 1 ft Monmiy in March, yeafty* Company to keep accounts of their receipts and difaurfements, which may be infpefted by the duke, and his agents. The duke not to be deemed a partner, or fubjefted to any expence of the undertaking. Satisfaftion to be made for damage to lands, etc. held by leafe under the duke, and to the proprietors of other lands; or to be fettled at the quarter fefiions, by jury, in 12 months after damage, on notice, etc# Undertaking vetted in the proprietors, and they are to bear the expellees in equal (hares. Company impowered to borrow money, to be laid out on the undertaking, at intereft, on mortgage. Intereft of the mo-’ ney borrowed to be paid in preference to any dividends to the company.

All a&s of the company may be done by toe major part. Recovery of penalties above tol. by action, etc. and under iol. by diftrefs, etc.j Appeal, in fix months, to the general quarter fefiions. Limitation of

aftioa*

He ' ;d by Google

§785.3 Awntr Vfcfellmo fexto Georg II III. C.i 11—114.

actions tfffi* fnonths After the fact. Genera! iffue may be pleaded, and Vrct, etc. given in evidence. Treble cofts on verdiet, etc. If the company do not lay out 500I. in three years, the act to be Void. And to be a publick act.

CAP. CXI.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging the bridge over the river Avon, in the city of Briftol, and erecting a temporary bridge adjoining; and for widening the ftreets, lanes, ways, and pafiages leading thereto; and for building another bridge over fome other part of the laid river, within the faid city (if necefFary); and for opening proper ways and pafiages tbereto;'and for making a way from the bridge already built to Temple Street, in the faid city.

CAP. CXII.

kn act for railing a competent fum of money to defray the expence of a proper number of watchmen, patrols, and beadles, within the parffhes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelift, in the city of Wefkminfter.—'Rates not to exceed 9d. in the pound.

C A P. CXIII.

*n act for widening feveral ftreets in the city of Edinburgh; for opening a cdminunicatron from Queen’s Street to Broughton Loan; for enlarging the burial ground; and forextending the royalty of the faid city over part of the lands of Broughton.

C A P. CXIV.

n act for afeertaining andncollecting the poors rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the poor, in the parish of Saint John Southwark, in the county of Surrey.

irft meeting of the churchwardens, overfeers, and veftrymen, to irry the act into execution', to Be in ac days,after palling the act. For illing fubfequent meetings, annually, at the veftry hall, on Thurfday Whit fun* week, or in 14 days after; Ten periods to be chofen an-lally, who, with the patrifh officers and‘Veftry men, (hall be cafled go-.rnors and directors of the* poor of the parilh. Pound rates to be ade as (hall be expedient. Rates on divided tenements to be paid by :cupiers, and deducted outofthe rent. Rates may be collected from rties removing, in proportion, to be fettled by governors, etc. The efent debt of the parilh to be afeeHained, on Eafter Thurfday, 1; 86. >r railing money by annuities to difeharge the debt on the parilh, not ceeding 1000I. nor on lives under 40, payable quarterly. Names of nuitants to be entered in.a book, and account kept of all payments to ?m. Annuities to be charged on the rates, and may J>e affigned, Se-rities given to the purchasers of annuities, to be paid in 30 days after e. To appoint a treafiirer, and oblige him to account. The trea-•er to pay the money, as the governors and (directors (hall appoint.

> governor, etc. to provide goods, etc. for the workhoufe for their n profit. The poor to be maintained and employed, and the pro-ce of their labour to go towards their maintenance. Contracts may made for maintaining and employing the poor. Collectors to be pointed. Their power to levy arrears, after demand by diftrefs and •, etc. Their allowance 6d. in the pound. Giving fecurity for hfully accounting. Money to be paid to the treafurer. Collectors account with the auditors, or be puniihed by imprifonment. In cafe collector appointed, the rates to be collected by the churchwardens TOI§, XXXV,	CLqq,	and

Hosted by

Google

AaHOJicefjmcf fextp GegKQIi IJI. ,©* iig~**#* 1(178$

and Overfeers, according to $, Eliz. Monies coming to the-h^nds of tne churchwardens, etc. to be paid to the treafurer, and accounts thereof be delivered to the auditors. Perfons aggrieved by rates ,mai appeal to fefiions, after having firft, applied to governors, etc. Forme poor laws (except as altered by this act) to remain in force. No othe poors rates to be made, but fvch as^ are directed by this act. For pu nilhing poor, milbehaving themfelves, in the workhoufe, either by mo: derate correction, confinement, diftinguilhing them by drefs, orfettinj them in the ftocka, not above it hours at a time* or fuch other method as may belt tend to remedy fuch offences for the future without com milling offenders to the houfe of correction, or other prifon.t. Penalt-on perfons buying eloaths, etc. belonging to the parilh; for the firft of fence 5!. the fecond 10I. and third 20L to be levied by diftrefs anc fide; and in default thereof to be committed for three months. Penalt to be divided between the parilh officers'and the informer. Penalty 01 conveying fpirituoua liquors into the workhoufe, 5I. Goods, money etc. vetted in governors and directors. Auditors of accounts to be ap pointed. Accounts of monies received and dilburfed to be entered 1 books, and examined by the auditors, who may call for the accounts Duplicates of all examinations refpecting baftardy and fettlements, fc be kept at the workhoufe, under the controul.of the governors^etc Such duplicates to be deemed evidence, and inhabitants may ^ wit nelfes. Nqtice to be given of veftry meetings. Seven a quorum c meetings necefiary to act. Expences of this act to be paid out of rate: Limitation of actions to fix months. General ilfue. Treble colt: Publick act. Form of the oath, before directed to be taken by th Church wardens, etc. on giving in their accounts.

Ido fwear, [or, being one of the people called Quaker do foleronly affirm], That the account now delivered in by me figned with my own proper hand writing, and that the fame doth cor tain a full and particular account of all monies received and expende by me, for and on accpunt of the parilh of Saint John Southwark, * the county of Surrey, in refpect to my office of [churchwarden, &c. 1 the cafe may be] of the faid parilh, from the	day;of

to the	day	of	inftant;	and that all tl

monies charged in the faid account, as expended by me, have actual been fo expended for, and for the ufe of the faid parilh.

C A P. CXV.	•	’	’	•

An act for providing a proper, workhoufe, and better regulating t poor, within the parilh of Barking, iathe county of Eflex; and f regulating the common wharf within the town of Barking..

C A P- CXVL	.?

An act for paving the footways and paflages in the town of -Chelte ham, in the county of Gloucefter; ancfcfor better -cleanfirtgr a lighting the faid town 5 for taking down certain old buildings nc Handing therein; and for removing and preventing other encroac ments, nuifances, and annoyances.

C A P. CXVII.

An act for pulling down and rebuilding the church of All Saints, the town of Newrcaftle upon Tyne, and for enlarging the chur yard, and making convenient avenues and paflages thereto.

C A P, CXVIII.

An act for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of final! debts within town and port of Folkeftone, and the parishes of Folkeftone, Che ton# Newington next Hithe, Stanford, Poftling, Lyminge, Elh*

.Paddlefwo

i?86.] Anno vfcefimo fexto Georgii III. c. 120—121;

Faddlefwortb, Acris, Swingfield, and Hawkinge, in the county of Kent.—Styled The Court of Requefts in the Town and Port of Folkeftonc; to proceed for a debt of as. and under 40s*

C A P. CXIX.

An act for paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting and watching the ftreeta, lanes, ways, paflages, and places within the borough of New* port, in the Ifle of Wight;, and for tbd removal of prefent, and prevention of future encroachments, nuifances, and annoyances therein,

'v	C	A	P.	CXX.

An adt for paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the ftreets, lanes, and other publick paflages and places, within the manor of South* wark, otherwife called The Clink, or Btihop \>f Winchefter’s Liberty, in the parifh of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the county of Surrey; for the removal of prefent, and preventing of future encroachments, nuifances, and annoyances therein; for laying out two new ftreeta, and widening and regulating feveral other of the ftreets and ' paflages within the faid liberty; for difcontinuing the paflage through Globe Alley; and for fhutting up in the night time the way leading from Clink Street, in the faid liberty, to the river fide*

CAP. CXXL

An a dt for appointing commiflionera for putting in execution an adt of this fefiion of parliament, intituled. An adt for granting an aid to hie Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix.

v-

of VOL. XXXV.

Hosted by Google